Lablife III: Ars Gratia Scientiam
Sarah K. Parrish

***

2012 Sarah K. Parrish
Smashwords Edition

***

Discover other works by Sarah K. Parrish at smashwords.com.

***

All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is both miraculous and purely coincidental, especially to the people who inspired the characters.

***

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

***

Chapter 1

I made it a habit to stop by Myron's office when I went up the street for ice cream and coffee. This served two purposes. It kept me from eating too much ice cream and it helped me score brownie points with my boss. My timing was perfect this morning because I caught him just as he was unlocking his office door.
"Myron!" I called out. "Coffee?" I made a drinking gesture with my hand just as my attention shifted to a large man on the far side of Myron. He was walking toward us with a huge smile. My ever-observant boss must have noticed my attention shift because he turned to watch the remarkably large man's approach. He was a big guy but he moved fast. His rotund, imposing mass contrasted sharply against his spiky, white hair. The dress shirt and slacks gave away his identity, even if the shirt was lavender.
This man, with his sharp hair, puffy red cheeks, puffy big belly, tweed pants, and puffy pink lips in a puffy pink smile was our Distinguished Speaker. He had come to us from another research institution to impart Knowledge and Learning on the graduate students here at Winters University.
Luckily for me, most of the time when a Speaker comes to impart Knowledge to the graduate students, the graduate students' metaphorical Cup of Knowledge runneth over and I can partake of the abundance. The students usually don't mind a staff member coming along to the seminars, and even if they did they might still make an exception for me.
My boss's reaction to this manifest man was along the same lines as mine but he had the practiced skill to hide it better. I probably wouldn't have noticed even the slightest hesitation in my boss' move to greet the man if it weren't for the fact that I had been his laboratory manager now for a little while and was getting used to some of his mannerisms.
"Mickey! How long has it been now?" The pink-and-lavender man jutted his hand out in front of my boss, whose expression had softened. Myron, my boss, never seemed like a "Mickey" to me. All I could figure was that these two men must be acquaintances from a younger age.
"Jimmy. Jimmy Davis. It is good to see you again." Bingo.
I like Myron. I like how he puts the emphasis on the word "is" like the British do. I shouldn't have been surprised at that since Myron is, in fact, from London. Still, I like that he doesn't forget he's European, even now after his British accent has faded and his easy west-coast American accent let the rest of us sometimes forget he's a foreigner. I like that he remembers where he comes from.
Too many people forget their past or lose sight of their humanity when they get to stick a few letters after their name. Myron never seemed to lose his humanity and he has more degrees than the average professor. That's saying something. Again, perhaps I shouldn't have been surprised. He was, after all, offered two directorships. He turned them both down, though. He said he likes to be where the action is.
"I think it must be..." Myron began.
"Ten years!" I hate it when people ask a question and, without waiting for anyone else, answer it themselves. The man shifted his attention to me, still grinning. "And this must be..."
I smiled. Yes, exactly. Who did he expect me to be? He was probably going to assume I was Myron's top graduate student, Caitlin Abbott. Caitlin was only a second year graduate student and already had six publications in respected journals. That's not unheard of but it's rare and it certainly put her near the top of her class.
Like I mentioned, people often mistake me for a graduate student. At first it's flattering but after a few years it simply becomes a reminder that I am not, never was, and in all likelihood never will be in graduate school. I take advantage of the similarities when I can, like a free meal or learning directly from sources like guest speakers, but every so often it gets on my nerves.
Why is it so important to get a PhD? There aren't enough jobs for people with PhDs, anyway. You can go down to your local McDonald's and ask for a supersized order of fries with a good chance of getting your order handed to you by someone who spent more money on their education than you spent on your house. Why add one more to the mix?
I graduated from college early and I've been taking my own sweet time about going back into the gristing mill of academia. That's the story. In reality, I'm not sure I really want back into that gristing mill at all.
Generally speaking, however, people only assume I'm Caitlin when they know who Caitlin is. If our Distinguished Speaker was right and really hadn't seen Myron for ten years, I was guessing he wouldn't have a clue. He'd probably just wait for me to answer it myself and tell him who I must be. He'd already shown that he likes to answer his own questions. So I gave him ample opportunity before I realized I was being a little snitty.
So what if the guy likes to answer his own questions? I'll bet some of his students love him for it. I had even started to open my mouth to help him out when he jumped in again.
"Caitlin Abbot!" Jimmy Davis offered me his greeting hand. Ok, I've been wrong before. They haven't seen each other in ten years and he knows who the graduate students are in Myron's lab? That's pretty keen. And I hate being wrong.
It's one of those things I just have to learn to accept. I've been learning it for a long time now but my acceptance still needs work. When I was younger it was much harder so at least that's an indication of progress. I don't know when, exactly, it became so important to me to be right, but I do know when I got admitted to college two years ahead of my average peer, it became a defining feature of my identity. I guess I had something to prove.
I was, ashamed though I am to admit it now, a know-it-all. I was that student, the one that sits in the front. The one whose hand shoots up before the teacher finishes the question. Maybe I can be forgiven for it, though. It was all I had as the major portion of my self-identity and I clung to it like a piece of floating wreckage hundreds of miles from any sign of land. My family life wasn't (and isn't) much to speak of and, contrary to what actually works, I thought identifying myself as someone who's always right might help establish me in desirable social circles. I'm not even sure if that was explicit in my mind, but I had the feeling I needed recognition. I was the Girl Who Knew Everything and I didn't like people to forget it.
When a 14-year-old physics major came and usurped my position as the Girl Who Knew Everything, I had a bit of an identity crisis. But maybe that was just the first step toward letting me down easy into a life of being wrong every so often and coming to terms with it. Working in research, especially, even the know-it-alls among us will be forced to quickly learn it's ok to be wrong. It's a sign of adapting what you believe to gained information. It signifies progress. It's not, however, ok to go on believing the wrong thing once you have cause to doubt it. Doubts are solid. Once you have a doubt, a sincere one, you can't sweep it under the rug and still call yourself a good scientist.
"No, I'm just a tech." I told our speaker. "But if there's one person I don't mind being mistaken for, it's Caitlin."
Dr. Davis' smile faltered as he said, "Just? Just a tech? Don't ever say you're just anything. Ever." His expression was meant to be warm, I'm sure, but it didn't come across quite right. His mouth was smiling but his eyes weren't. It might have been a smirk that says "I know better than you" or it might have been a grin that meant he was simply nervous. Maybe at one point in his life he had been a tech and was somehow offended at my trivializing the position. I got the impression he was looking down at me from a higher rung on the hierarchical ladder. It put me on edge but I just let it go.
Being a tech is a tricky business. There are two main categories of techs, like any middle-management position. There are those of us who find a job working in a lab as an extra pair of hands at first. The plan is to get some experience before going on to graduate school and abandoning the rungs of middle management for the higher peaks of the upper version. Then there are those of us who, having landed a position in a lab, realize that the effort to go on and continue toward the upper echelons of academia either really isn't worth it or doesn't compare to doing the actual science without having to worry about grants and publications. I belong to the second group. We're the people who linger and, without meaning to sound like a braggart, we're the good ones. The other ones are just out for some experience while us lingerers already have it.
This year was probably going to be my turning point -- well, either this year or next year. My excuse at interviews was always that I'm taking a break from school and paying off student loans before going and racking up more debt. It makes sense until you think about it. Graduate school in biology tends to be a paid position. There is no racking up more debt. Thankfully, most people don't pay that much attention to what you actually say about your own values or future directions in interviews. They're more concerned with whether or not you look like you're listening to them when they're talking and what kind of experience you have.
Now I'm not so sure I really want to go back to school. It seems to me that academia is an industry, just like any other, except without the decency to claim that yes, it really is all about that bottom line. Maybe there are a few real academics left - people not in it for the cash, but you question for yourself how much money profs make once they finally do reach that money-making echelon, and what kind of a secure life a tenured position offers and you try to convince yourself after all that that the majority of academics really are in it for the Sacred Pursuit of Truth. My guess is you're going to come up a little short. Maybe I'm jaded. Maybe this is just one more reason why you don't see me running at a break-neck pace to the nearest grad school admissions office.
Myron stepped in just then, scoring yet more points with my Internal and Completely Subjective Boss Approval Rating System. "Jimmy, this is my lab manager, Katherine. She keeps everything going. I don't know what I'd do without her."
"I do, Mickey. You'd have to do all the nitty-gritty yourself and let me tell you, it's a pain in the ass." I swear, he hissed when he said it. "Pardon my... well, whatever."
"Ass?" I thought. I had the good sense to keep that thought private though. Dr. Davis turned toward me.
"Katherine, a manager, eh? Nice to meet you." His grin returned with the vengeance of a sequel, back for seconds and bigger than ever.
"Call me Kat. I'm looking forward to attending your talk. Scaffolding proteins are pretty amazing." And, I left unsaid, that I'd done a little homework about his topic, too. It's always a tricky thing, knowing what to say to guest speakers. The line between sycophant and appreciative audience member is a fine one.
The focus of Jimmy Davis's research was on proteins that aggregated at excitatory synapses (the go-signals in the brain) and how those proteins were trafficked to where they needed to be and how they got held there once they arrived. I'd picked up a few tidbits about molecular motors and microtubule highways looking through some background information on the topic, but his recent publications still went a little over my head. I probably shouldn't even qualify that. They went over my head.
I shifted my weight, reminding myself too much of the gazelle at the water hole when it notices a lion stalking nearby. We were in his territory now and we both knew it. And it wasn't shared territory, either. There were no common rungs here. It was his and his alone. He'd peed on all the trees and didn't care that anyone else might have wanted one to pee on too. I didn't want to spend much time talking to Dr. Davis. Something about him just made me uncomfortable. Maybe it was the grin. Once again, my boss came to my rescue. Not a moment and a half had passed when Myron stepped in to curb what would have eventually developed into a brief period of silence in conversation.
"Kat, I'd love some coffee if you don't mind. I'm going to take Jimmy here on a quick tour of our facilities." Perfect. I asked Dr. Davis if he'd like anything from our nearby cafe and when he declined I excused myself. I relaxed leaving their company. Myron was probably just helping me get out of a mildly uncomfortable situation.
My boss knows how to run his lab. He looks after his lab members. You don't have to be perfect. It's ok to make mistakes. As long as youre not endangering yourself or others, even if you mess up substantially, he says "the first one's free." Repeated mistakes became more of a problem, though. He always gives the impression it's us - him and his lab members - against the rest of the chaos in the world, including, but not limited to, the undiscovered biological principle and the yet-to-be-won grant funding. But no matter what, he was on your side. Unless, of course, you were wrong, in which case he was usually against you. But even if you're wrong that's not enough reason for a relationship-breaker. You had to be wrong repeatedly and arrogantly confident about it before Myron would think any less of you.

Chapter 2

I brought a plain coffee to Myron's empty office and a chocolate mocha back to the lab for myself but didn't have time to enjoy it before I saw my familiar lab bench in disarray. There are four benches in Myron's lab. Since I spend more time carrying out the physical aspect of experiments than most other lab members, my lab bench is always the most comfortable one at which to work. Everything is handy, current, and fully stocked. I keep it in ship shape and it vexes me when my diligence is interpreted as an invitation to take over my workspace.
Now, if you're someone who can deal with that sort of thing and not blink an eye, you're a greater soul than I am. I tend to blink a lot at this stuff. I blink and then I roll my eyes and before long I start looking for the culprit. I took the mess into consideration as I thought about who might have left this particular array of disarray.
Someone left pipetmen on the bench. The tips were still attached. That's sloppy. If they haven't been used yet, they're more likely to get dirty sitting out like that. If they have been used, it's hazardous. What's worse, if they've been used but the user forgets that, an entire experiment can get messed up.
There were no protocols or papers nearby to tell anyone what was going on. Of all the sloppy lab habits I can think of, not writing anything down or even being prepared to write something down makes the top five. And there was a gel running. That narrowed the culprit down to three people - two not counting myself, and I felt I could make that exclusion with confidence.
It could have been Caitlin who had lately been working with one of the undergraduate assistants on a point mutation. They'd been running a lot of gels to see if their bacterial plasmid had the right segments sizes when cut with enzymes.
Bacteria are so useful in genetics because their DNA floats around inside them in circular loops called "plasmids" and you can fiddle with the genes on mapped plasmids. Almost every cloning experiment in the world of science starts in bacteria. No idea what kind of progress they've made, but I hope it's good. Caitlin's a straight-shooter for the top and if this set of experiments goes well, she's on her way to an early graduation.
Or maybe the mess was left by our in-house self-proclaimed molecular biology expert, Alex. As far as I know, Alex doesn't have any reason to be running gels right now, but that doesn't necessarily mean much. Alex, bless his heart, just likes to try stuff out.
Alex knows everything. He even knows that he knows everything. And he takes most available opportunities to point it out to anyone who will take the time to listen. The trick is either not to have the time to get cornered into serving as his captive audience or to remind him that while he knows everything, there is a chance, however slight or unsuspected, that you might also know something about something that might, just maybe, somewhere along the line, be relevant and that, as luck might have it, it could be something he doesn't already know. It was either that or you spent a great deal of time listening to Alex tell you what to do. Or at least what you're doing wrong.
Having previously been a Person Who Knows Everything, myself, perhaps not even yet fully recovered, I try to be understanding and, more often than not, I try in subtle ways to reassure him that I do take his opinions seriously and yes, he's very smart. There's no need to prove it.
Like myself, Caitlin doesn't leave messes. If this mess-creation was related to Caitlin at all, it was probably left by the student with whom she was working. Now, don't get me wrong; I'm not a snob about messes. You should see my living room at home. But when it's at work and it's an area that's kept clean for a good reason, I get pretty irritated when someone walks in and makes a mess of my stuff. You know what they say about a cluttered mind and a clean desk? It's not true. Someone just pulled that cute saying out of their down-below when they didn't feel like straightening up their work space.
The door to the lab finished swinging closed behind me as I walked to my desk. My "office" was kept in a corner of the lab, away from other offices like Myron's or the office the graduate students shared. As the lab manager, it's my job to keep an eye on things and just be here for when things go wrong, like when a water pipe burst in the ceiling over half a million dollars worth of optics and lasers. That was hilarious, but only in retrospect. I don't mind having my office space in the lab because it saves me the trouble of having to walk anywhere else when there's work to do. It helps me focus.
I sat down. Should I just clean up the mess? I don't much care for that prospect. It's the slippery slope aspect that bothers me. First I clean up this mess, then I clean up the next and the one after that and soon people forget that anything needs to be thrown away or cleaned up when they run a gel. Things just take on the appearance of a self-cleaning lab. Not an appealing prospect at all.
If there were one, Tim would be suspect number two-point-five. Tim signed on to work here for free to get some lab experience before graduating from college. He'd started to work with Caitlin on her project, but he also had time scheduled with me to learn how to work well in a lab setting. If I ask Alex about this mess first and it turns out to be Tim who left it, Alex will eventually just come down on Tim all the harder, especially after the little ethidium bromide mishap from last week. I feel like I need to look after the new people. We can get pretty cliquey in research labs and I don't like it when people feel like outsiders on my watch. After all, Tim doesn't even get paid to be here.
Tim's little mishap sure caused a fuss. See, ethidium bromide is bright red for a reason. I mean sure, maybe it's naturally red, but even if it were colorless I think it would be artificially colored red by the manufacturers because red is a universal sign that means "danger." Not only is ethidium bromide a carcinogen, like more than half the other substances known to man, but it's a mutagen. It sticks to the rungs of your DNA helices. If you really want to use the right jargon, you say it "intercalates." It selectively sticks inside the cells that have DNA (which is all of them, except, of course, red blood cells since they lack a nucleus, hence they're shaped a little like donuts).
This nasty chemical gets in there and makes it impossible to accurately transcribe the chromosomal DNA to messenger-RNA or "mRNA" because it's done its intercalating. It's like trying to zip up a zipper with big bits of
lint stuck in it. You get a transcription-RNA (tRNA) molecule running along the DNA, trying to read it and copy what's written there into a small elongating string of mRNA when it bumps into a bit of ethidium that's managed to insert itself between a few nucleic acids on the DNA. That's when mutations happen. The zipper falls off its track. Maybe it misses a few rungs. Maybe it tries to figure out what should be there and just tosses in something that looks right. Chances are slim, though, that it's going to read the right code, especially when there's a lot of lint on the zipper.
Sometimes I love how scientists have a sense of humor. Code. Little piece of DNA codes come in sets of three nucleic acids. A triplet of nucleic acids encoding a protein is called a "codon." How cute is that? It's pretty darned cute. Don't even get me started on the Sonic Hedgehog protein...
So if you've got ethidium bromide in there interfering, you get a lot of mutations. And you know what a lot of mutations in just a few cells often leads to? That's right. Cancer. There are so many signaling pathways in cells -- proteins that tell the cell when to replicate, when to digest proteins, when to transcribe more of a certain protein... Well, the signaling pathway that means "replicate just once" is complicated and can get broken pretty easily. Once the "just once" part of that signaling pathway is broken, cancer appears. Cells proliferate like gangbusters. The point is ethidium bromide is a pretty dangerous chemical to have sitting around.
On the other hand, it's great for separating nucleic acid fragments on gels because of that very characteristic -- the fact that it sticks DNA ladder rungs. Conveniently, it also glows under a UV light. I know what you're thinking. Yes, UV light causes cancer too.
But when you combine the glowing with the intercalating, you get a great technique for finding DNA. When you run DNA out on something like an agarose gel, pulling it across an electrical gradient, it separates by size (smallest goes fastest) and you end up with this column of bands of glowing UV lines. You can do that because DNA has a negatively charged backbone so it's attracted to positive charges. The mnemonic device we use is "run to red" so you don't run the DNA off your gel backwards. The positive lead on gel boxes is colored red. The technique is great for measuring DNA lengths and that goes pretty far toward DNA segment identification.
Silly Tim ended up miscalculating the amount of ethidium bromide to add to the agarose gel before pouring it into the gel mold. He made a simple mistake. Milliliters and microliters sound so much alike, they really shouldn't differ by a factor of 1000. While most people add about the volume of a literal pinhead to a normal soda-can-amount of liquid gel, he added about half the volume of your average salt shaker. That didn't go over very well, mostly with me.

***

The artificially imposed hierarchy of a socially constructed system gets to me. I wish people would judge and be judged based on whatever criteria is relevant to a given situation. That would mean reassessing these judgments all the time, though, and that's inefficient. On the other hand, we swing so far the other way that end up with dead weight in the world of research.
In academia, especially, it's always bothered me because here we're supposed to be pseudo-equals, where a good idea is a good idea, regardless of whose head hatched it. Equals, that is, aside from what we know and what we've done to prove we know it. That doesn't often actually pan out like it's supposed to. You often end up with stupid, loud, obnoxious faculty members that are simply hard to get rid of because they didn't show their bad side before they got tenure.
It probably gets to me more now that I'm not exactly in school anymore. I'm not entirely free of it, either. I'm sort of tied into it and alongside it. I'm an engaged spectator.
I didn't have to think about it for very long because the door to our inner optics room opened behind me. The door is always kept locked so if it opens, it opens from the inside and that means someone's just finishing up an imaging session.
I got up and peered around the corner. I saw, in front of a dark computer monitor, a man suddenly turn to look up at me with raised eyebrows as though I'd caught him in the act. What act I had caught him in, however, went right past me unnoticed. Standing, Alex is about 6'3" but the way the chairs are set up in here -- low to the ground in deference to the physiology equipment -- Alex tallied in with the top of his head no more than four feet off the ground. With his easy smile, blond hair and blue eyes, he had the ability to look much more innocent than he did right now with those eyes opened just a little too wide.
"Hi Alex."
"Oh, hey Kat. What's... um... How's... um... How're you doing?" He was definitely up to something.
"Not much." I watched him for a moment. If I give him enough time, I thought to myself, he'll simply realize what he's done wrong and assume I'm on to him but am too nice to be explicitly reprimanding. He'll just correct it without me having to say anything. Not that I could have said anything anyway, not having any idea what he was doing that he shouldn't have been.
We just looked at each other for a few moments.
"What?" The tone he used when he said it was defensive. He obviously thought I was accusing him of doing something wrong. Is it transference or displacement when someone suspects others of doing things they, themselves, do to other people? I think it's transference. Maybe its hypocrisy. He was waiting for me to make a move. And anyway, he was right: I was accusing him. I was accusing him of doing whatever it was that he was doing that gave him this wide-eyed look of being caught in the act, even if I didn't know exactly what that act is. But with Alex, it's not hard to guess.
"If you have food in here I'm going to take you outside, tie you to the streetlamp and flog you." Telling people what to do has always made me uncomfortable so I learned to deal with it by overstating things in an attempt at humor. The tactic generally works pretty well. I can say what needs saying without feeling like I've just treaded all over someone's dreams.
Alex couldn't be blamed for having the metabolism of a small, furry, woodland creature, but he could control where he did his eating. And our optics room really isn't a good place for foodstuff. We keep a high-powered laser running in here and it's just not a good idea to be snacking on a sub sandwich next to equipment valued at a greater price than the running tab on your education.
"Oooh, kinky." I regretted what I had said as soon as the first 'O' came out of his mouth. "Will I have been a vewy bad boy?" He was doing it again. Doing that thing with the cute-speak where he forgets how to say his "r"s. And never, ever, ever mention accents around Alex. He can't do them. Not any of them. Even for having lived for a while in Texas, he can't even do that one. But he tries. Dear lord, he does try.
"Hey Alex, did you run a gel?" Great time for a subject change. Anyway, his lack of denial means I guessed right and he'd probably be taking his hidden four-decker sandwich outside in the next few minutes. He was a very upright guy -- posture included. He did like to play dumb every so often, though. If you asked him not to do something, he'd stop. ...until at least a few hours later when he could claim he forgot that you'd ever asked him not to. Again.
"No. Why? Who's running a gel? What's running?" He stood up and moved toward the door. I was blocking the way. In my own mind I was symbolically guarding Tim. "Probably not Anita," he offered. "She's in a conference with Nicole." Alex's eyes shot me a look over the top of his glasses that finished his sentence for him. "...and our hearts go out to her."
Anita. Yes, it was probably her, in fact. I'd forgotten about her because she isn't a lab member. Oftentimes people from other labs in the building will come use our stuff. Anita was a grad student in Nicole Worth's lab. Dr. Worth always had a couple of postdocs who seemed to do nothing but run gels these days. And in the Hierarchy of the System, Anita came out under Ben and Steven, the two Good Ol' Boys in their two-man Good Ol' Boys Club called "Postdocs in Nicole's Lab." Instead of try to fight it, Anita just came to us when she needed to use equipment. And even though we have a full lab we usually have equipment free.
Women's rights have come a long way in the last century. Positions of seniority in the sciences seem to be one of the remaining hold-outs. While we didn't work in a department that was still as man-heavy as say, mechanical engineering, it still caught negative attention when you had a lab with no women in it.
While Dr. Worth was arguably, herself, a woman, it was a little strange that the only two people in her lab were white male postdocs. I think that's why Dr. Worth went out of her way to recruit Anita. Not only was Anita female but she was also black. Now with Anita in her lab, Dr. Worth scores points for supporting women in science and for supporting African Americans in science.
How sincere her efforts actually were remained to be seen since Anita was always getting the last pick for everything from projects to the use of equipment. I'm sure if the topic were ever addressed head-on, someone would point out that the other two people in the lab are postdocs and simply have seniority and it has nothing to do with race or gender or any other political buzz word that could get Dr. Worth in trouble. We were like a second home for Anita. And anyway, I liked her. I couldn't bring myself to say the same thing about Nicole Worth.
"I'm guessing it was the undergrad. Undergrads!" Alex rolled his eyes in exasperation, managing to somehow forget that he, himself, was an undergrad not six months ago for the previous four years. Ever since he got that little piece of paper that says someone in the world affirms that he knows something he hasn't let anyone forget it. I have no idea if he was always out to prove he knew something before he had that piece of paper or if receiving it is what caused this god-awful trait. I can only imagine how much more insidious this type of trait will become when he gets another one that says "PhD" on it. I'll bet once he graduates he's going to sign everything -- even when he endorses checks: "Alex Jones, PhD."
I wonder if that's another reason I'm not beating down the door to grad school. Maybe I want to prove to myself that I know something without getting confirmation from anyone else. I don't need another intrinsically meaningless little piece of paper. Maybe I do still have something to prove. And if I do, impressing other people isn't going to help me. I'm going to have to impress myself. That's much harder.
"It looks like someone left something out and I was going to see whose it was. The bench needs to be picked up a little." I looked at Alex. He sat down again.
"Ah. Yeah, I hate it when that happens." Alex turned back to his task of putting away his cell cultures from this imaging session. Over time you learn tricks of conversation with people, like the one I had just implemented. I call it the "butt out or I'll make you clean something" trick. With Alex it works well consistently.
I guess I cave pretty easily because I started collecting the stuff I'd need to safely clean up a lab mess. The worst part about having to clean up someone else's mess is how you're never sure exactly what you're cleaning up. Sure, that might look like water, but it could be hydrochloric acid. Maybe it's a buffer that spilled, but does it contain sodium azide? That stuff will kill you faster than anything else you'd find in almost any common lab. And even if you realize what you've done before you die, you can't correct it. There's no cure for sodium azide poisoning. Why do we have it, a prudent person might wonder. Because it's so good at what it does, which is kill stuff. Put it in a buffer and you'll never get bacterial contamination. Put it in some sugary, proteinaceous liquid that stuff just loves to grow in and, no matter how sweet or delicious that liquid is, nothing can live in it.
I like chemicals. It's really bad. I like dry erase markers and the smell of gasoline. I have for as long as I can remember, which is probably not as long as it would be if I didn't like the smell of chemicals in the first place. I was reflecting on this as I wiped the counter with ethanol when there was a thump against the door.
Through the archery turret style window, I saw two eyes peaking at me over a stack of objects, on top of which was a small, Styrofoam box. The eyes smiled. I opened the door. Caitlin backed away from the door to allow it to swing open and the tower of objects she was balancing started to topple. I caught the Styrofoam box at the top and she stabilized the rest.
"Thanks." She looked tired but happy. Something had gone right.
"Good day?" I asked her as I held the door open and followed her back into the lab.
"Awesome day. Tim came in over the weekend and did a digestion for me. I had forty or so samples I wanted to check and he cut them all. Phenomenal. I just finished loading them." Caitlin was trying to identify which molecules react with a newly discovered peptide. It's not as uncommon as it sounds. New peptides are often being discovered. Classifying them is the hard part.
Caitlin's project was a collaborative effort between our lab and another so I didn't know too much about it. I did know that she'd recently finished an assay that took her about a month. Those samples were worth their weight in gold. Actually, they were so small that they were probably worth many times over their weight in gold.
I was impressed with Tim. Coming in on a weekend to pipet hundreds of times, use digestion enzymes to cut plasmids, check for appropriate buffers, and refreeze everything in a damage-proof freezer buffer showed some real initiative, especially when he's not even technically on the project.
Alex, no doubt driven by his insatiable curiosity brought on by talking heads, came out from finishing up in the imaging room.
"Hey Caitlin. How're your digestions going? Did you get your plasmid cut right? Hey, I wanted to mention," Alex said, leaning against a bench in a very James Dean way, "If you get stuck and need an expert's advice, you always know where to find me."
"Yep. Sure do." The brightness of Caitlin's smile faded by a few million ergs. "But what does that have to do with getting an expert's advice?"
"Funny." Alex said, either unwilling or unable to acknowledge that he wasn't actually helpful in this situation. "Hey Kat, I was thinking. We should put up a wiki for the imaging room. Just, you know, so people can reserve time on it or so we can discuss bugs in the system. And so we have a really easy way of telling you to fix it when it breaks." He grinned. It was a good idea and had already been suggested by our benevolent overlord.
"Myron mentioned the same thing but itll be kept password protected. I'm working on it right now, though not, obviously, in a literal sense. I'll let you know when it's functional."
"Cool," interjected Caitlin. "Can you add me, too?" Before I could confirm that I would, Alex jumped in.
"Do you know what a wiki is?" he asked Caitlin. Her mouth hung slightly agape. My brow furrowed. He hadn't said it patronizingly. If I didn't know better, I'd have guessed he was offering his limitless help explaining something he just assumed she didn't know. It was the assumption, however, that was so offensive.
"Yes." Caitlin was full-on frowning now.
Having witnessed Alex and Caitlin interacting for the past few months, I came to the conclusion that Alex thinks Caitlin is phenomenally brilliant about science, but doesn't know anything about computers. She once asked him what it meant to "ghost" a hard drive and since then she can't convince him she knows a mouse isn't made from actual mice. Caitlin, though, like so many of us, finds Alex's thinly veiled requests to be needed irritatingly patronizing. I used to do what I could to ease the troubled waters, but now I let it ride. He's going to get shot down eventually. It's better if his ego gets put in its place while he's among friends -- at least some friends.
"Does he ever get to you?" Caitlin turned to me after Alex left the room. "I mean in a big way."

Chapter 3

Later that afternoon Myron opened the door to the lab. He looked tired.
"Kat. Are things copasetic?" He made the inquiry from standing within the confines of the door frame.
"Roger, Roger," I said. "How are things with you? Also copasetic?" Myron didn't smile. I sometimes picked on him for using words no one else used by repeating them back to him, but he was obviously not in a playful mood. His expression was blank. He was worn out.
"No need for name-calling." At least he was trying. "Dr. Davis is quite..." here he paused, searching for just the right word. He rarely had trouble finding the word that meant exactly what he wanted to say. By his hesitation I thought he was trying to say more than any single word would allow.
"Enthusiastic?" I offered, with a touch of cynicism.
"Yes, exactly." He smiled at me, obviously approving of my ability to hear something in his silence. Myron came in and sat down sideways on a lab chair, resting his arm across the back.
"He and I have known each other for so long... I suppose we've known one another since college, actually. We went to different graduate schools, of course, but I feel like we have enough similar interests that there's always a competitive element whenever we get together. He's just so..." He lost himself for a moment watching memories dance in the reflection of the linoleum floor. "...enthusiastic."
He brought himself back from his dream-state. "I don't know why I'm telling you all this. I'm sure you have much more interesting things to absorb your attention. At least, I hope you do." He smiled that knowing smile that says "shouldn't we both be working?" and stood up.
"His talk on Friday should be quite good. I hope you can attend." As if there weren't enough things to appreciate about my boss, one of his unfailingly admirable traits was the idea that everyone should be learning, even the techs -- even the techs he pays the salary for, even when he's paying that salary during the time they're attending a seminar.
"I'll be there with bells on."
"Don't encourage him, Kat." Myron winked at me and weakly smiled with just a moment of hesitation. He was probably making sure I was kidding.
"No bells," I assured him.
"Thanks. I'm going to head to my office and sequester myself for a few hours with a nip of cheer. Come find me if anything explodes or catches fire."
"What about earthquakes?" Fine, maybe he was intolerant of humor right now, but I don't cater to bad moods.
"You don't think I'd notice an earthquake?"
"In your current state? Unsure," I said. He raised an eyebrow. "Ok, so, no natural catastrophes. You only want to be informed if they're man-made?" He sighed, but his smile was coming back.
"If there are any earthquakes, please let me know about those too." He turned and walked out the door, adding, "I can always use some good news."
"Not a problem." Now, you might be thinking my boss was about to go lock himself up in his office and have a stiff drink after a rough day. But to Myron, a nip of cheer was just something hot to drink. He usually had tea or coffee. Under dire circumstances, espresso.
I saved the few low-priority ordering issues I had to discuss with him for some other time. Everyone in the building seemed to look up to Myron and to have him out of commission for a few hours meant Dr. Davis had run him ragged. Today was probably going to be an espresso day.

***

You can tell a lot about a person by the hours they work. From previous bosses I've heard things like "if you want to succeed you're going to have to prove it by staying late," and "you have to get into the culture of a lab. If there's data to be taken you don't go home until it's all collected." Oddly, the people who say these things are the same people who check the clock when you walk in the door. Long hours or early mornings? Pick one. For some reason, when I stress about being late or feel rushed in the morning, I get tired easier. It's like energy gets sapped from my day before it really has a chance to get started. Then by the time 5:00 rolls around I'm ready for home and a nice long couch-sitting.
Don't get me wrong; I'm dedicated to science. The fact that I've worked in research labs since I was a freshman in college should say something to prove that dedication factor. Even when I probably should have been paying more attention to school, I focused on lab work. But I'm not willing to lose sleep over data anymore. See, I've learned that sleep is an investment. If you get a good eight hours every night you can work six days a week for ten hours a day without resenting it. If you come in at 6 and leave at 4 you're going to get burned out after 3 days. If you come in at noon and leave at midnight you'll probably never find a job you're happier in -- especially if you're me. But the point is, flexibility is key. You can't force yourself to be someone you aren't. The best of bosses know this because, whether they like to admit it or not, bosses are usually employees, too.
This is why, knowing graduate students and knowing how everyone likes to be an overachiever, I got into the habit of hanging out a little after regular working hours but I'd try to change the ambiance so people knew this was relaxing time. Sure, work if you want, do some data analysis, even do an experiment, but there might be some music in the background and I'm going to be around to chit chat. It's usually the evenings when I prioritize my time for people things rather than for science. When Anita walked in late in the day it was already established that I'd have time for her.
"I'm going to quit." She swung the door open wide when she walked in, packing a lot of energy in that swing. My guess: her meeting with Nicole didn't go so well. "Apparently I'm a lazy worker and a bad student and it's going to take me seven more years to graduate. I've already been here for three. She says it took her six years and I shouldn't think I can do it any faster and who do I think I am, blah blah blah."
One more reason I decided not to take the path to graduate school and just hang out on the sidelines was because of these sorts of things. See, your Principal Investigator gets really cheap, often high quality labor out of you when you're a graduate student. They invest a lot in you, too, and because of it, they end up relying on you. Then they never want you to leave. Worse yet, they have a big say in determining when you graduate.
It's disgusting, really, how many P.I.s will sacrifice the future of a graduate student for their own benefit. To top that off, sometimes when the P.I. had a hard time in graduate school they want to make sure no one else gets through without suffering. As far as I know, no one ever thinks graduate school is a breeze. Everyone has their own difficulties and to impose contrived challenges on other people just because things were hard for you is terrible, really. Everyone has hard times. They're just different sorts of hard. It's part of how life isn't fair. Sure, life isn't fair, but no one needs to go around making it harder for the sake of some completely subjective, imposed idea of "balance."
The best I could muster was a look of sympathy. Anita was often saying she'd quit and it's never been without reason. But she's never actually done it. I once tried to be supportive and encouraging for her to stay and finish or to move on and be happy, but none of that matters and true friends dont always lead. True friends often just stand by. For good or ill, she's not a quitter. She is, however, a big talker.
From the rumors I'd heard, I could never work for Nicole. In fact, sometimes I tried to help out in that lab. There was even a movement a few weeks ago to begin a new tradition of putting on annual events for Science Awareness Week. It was sort of a community outreach sort of project we'd do for the locals. I went to help out by organizing a booth at the Farmer's Market advertising the wonderfulness of science and the brain. Even that was a little heavy after a few organizational meetings.
One meeting in particular comes to mind. It was a "get to know your collaborators and organize into teams" sort of get-together. The year before that one, the group had put on two events: Elementary School Volunteers and High School Volunteers. I suggested adding a third this year: a public outreach booth at the Winters Farmer's Market. Since the Farmer's Market thing was my idea, I felt a little possessive of it and responsible for it.
There was a woman attending the organization meeting I didnt recognize. From what I gathered, she was the wife of a professor who worked in our department. She seemed sweet. She mentioned she'd like to do a community outreach project for one of the Spanish-speaking elementary schools in the area.
"I tried last year and they didn't want us," Nicole told her. "And you know, most of the kids who go to that school are white kids whose parents are professors and they just want their kids to pick up a second language. They probably didn't want us because we'd just be telling the kids mostly stuff they already know."
"Maybe I could ask them again this year. Most of my Hispanic friends send their kids to that school." It was a subtle contradiction to Nicole's idea that all the kids in the Spanish-speaking school were white kids.
And this was the part where Nicole turned heads.
"Well, are your friends professors or migrant field workers?" Conversational tone, straight-faced, it seemed to the whole world like she thought it was a perfectly acceptable thing to ask. I couldn't believe she'd said that. Are those the only two things Hispanic immigrants can be? I think not. And judging from the woman's accent, she, herself, was an immigrant. I could see color rising in her cheeks but she held her temper in check without losing ground.
"They're mostly professors but they have other professions, too. I'm sure we have a similar variety of professions among our respective groups of friends." Yeah, but Nicole's respective group was probably much smaller. "There's no harm in asking. The administrators at the school might be more likely to say yes if I offer to present in Spanish."
No one mentioned the off-color comment. Well, I did to Anita afterward, but everyone else seemed to ignore it and move on. At the time, I just scrunched down in my chair a little and tried not to associate myself in any way with this woman who was so into affirmative action that she'd swung all the way back around to racism again.
"Kat." Anita slumped down into a chair near the lab bench. "I can't do this for another seven years." She hung her head and it was when the angle of her head changed that I could see her moist eyes.
"Look, there's absolutely no way it's going to take you ten years to get a PhD," I told her. "We've all heard the horror stories, but those are from the '80s. Many funding sources like the NIH are giving financial incentives to move graduate students along after about four years. That's why they give money to new grad students and it doesn't last too long. The government's got your back." She visibly winced. "And hey, that's what a thesis committee is for, isn't it?" I tried my best to say upbeat but Anita was having none of it.
"Have you seen the way other faculty members act around Nicole? Everyone's afraid of her. What do you think a committee is going to do? Be her sounding board, probably. Just sit there and nod." I became intensely aware of my habit of nodding in these sorts of situations and stopped. "Even the other profs on my thesis committee don't want to piss her off."
I knew Myron was on that committee and I felt I should stand up for my beloved boss. "I suppose Myron can be a little-"
"Pussy-footed?"
"I was going to say 'reserved.' Anyway, Myron is being transferred off your committee. There isn't a whole lot he could do either way." Sometimes Myron bit off a little more than he could chew, but it was uncommon for him to remove himself from something like a thesis committee. That was an anomaly and I was going to have to remember to ask Myron about it at some point. "Who's the chair of your thesis committee?"
"David Lattaker." The name rang immediate bells. Not happy, jingly bells, but more like an annoying cell phone ring or perhaps a distant fire alarm. I'd met David before and in person he was a lot of fun. We'd talk at departmental retreats and barbeques. He seemed like an outgoing sort who conversationally shoots from the hip.
When I first met him I decided he's probably someone I wouldn't mind working for, which is often how I judged faculty. If they'd be nice to a tech in their lab, I felt they probably had their priorities in the right order. Techs are near the bottom of the totem pole around here but we also provide a sort of foundation for labs. That was before I'd heard stories about him, though. I don't really like gossip and I don't put a lot of faith in opinions from Person A about Person B when Person A is pissed off or has something to lose. The difference here was that there was some evidence to back up the stories.
No graduate student had ever finished in Dr. Lattaker's lab. They all seemed to drop out of school, transfer to another lab, or, in the case of one, they were still there. No matter how conversationally adept a P.I. might be at social gatherings, there was something wrong if, after nine years of running a lab, not a single grad student comes out of it successfully. Melissa Huntington recently joined his lab as a new graduate student. There was a decent sized crowd of people waiting to see how this one turned out.
"That's good, right?" I asked. I mean, it's not like Anita was in Dr. Lattaker's lab and he was pretty personable and his "shoot from the hip" personality could help Anita deal with Nicole. It all depended on where he aimed. Anita was friends with Melissa Huntington and maybe she knew something through the grapevine about why no one ever graduated from Dr. Lattaker's lab. Grad students with tough P.I.s seem to flock together.
"Yeah, it's good. Better that he's the chair of my committee than me being a student in his lab." She knew something.
"What's so bad about that?" I asked.
"You know how everyone loves Nicole right up until they get to know her? I think David is the same way. I think we just don't know him well enough to hate him."
"And how well do you know him?"
"I don't." Whatever she knew, she wasn't in the mood to share it. I decided not to push it.
"Then you just have to think of them like cancers. Just get them close enough to one another that they eat at each other. Maybe try to shift your project to a collaborative one between the two labs. That way neither one of them would have a complete hold on you."
"But Kat, then it just turns into one super-cancer that kills you."
"Or they kill each other. Maybe one is like cancer and the other is like anti-cancer." Anita sighed. I could tell I had started toward helping and continued right on through to come out the other side. I tried to step back a little.
"Anyway, you're brilliant and everyone knows it. It would be pretty absurd if it took 10 years for you to graduate. Someone is going to step in. Have you told Hank about it?" Hank was our graduate student representative. When it came to stipends or signing up for classes, Hank was the go-to-guy. Being the student representative, it was also his job to represent students to the institution.
I never had much reason to go looking for him since I'm -- yes, not a graduate student -- but he and I were friends by virtue of the inter-departmental softball league and my gender. He headed the team for our department and needed to get girls to join so the team would be affirmative-action-compliant and be allowed to play against other teams in the league. I couldn't hit a ball to save my life but he recruited me like I could hit regular jacks. It's always nice to feel wanted. I'd just go, wait till somebody gave me a bat and threw a ball at me, swing the bat a few times, and spend a lot of time sitting in the sun and cheering.
"There's nothing Hank can do." She was back to despair. "It's up to the P.I. and the committee and I think pretty much the P.I. sort of tells the committee what to decide."
"But Annie, that's exactly how it's not supposed to work. It's a check and balance, not a check and balance where the balance does what the check tells it to. Then it's just a check. No balance. That's badness."
"I know, Kat. It's a messed up system. It isn't good enough to prevent the P.I. from having too much authority. Especially this P.I."

Chapter 4

I love technology. With cell phones, laptops, tablets, portable buttons, pieces of plastic that make noises at us and blinky lights, we're never too far away from one gadget reminding us to do something before another gadget starts nagging about something else. I just love it. Love. It.
One of the many duties my calendar reminded me to do on Tuesday mornings was to find something to show Tim. This was his fourth week here and he only came Tuesdays and Thursdays but so far things were looking promising, especially after hearing about his efforts last weekend.
He might not know much about lab work just yet but he was enthusiastic and I can teach anyone anything but enthusiasm can't be taught. At least, he seemed pretty enthusiastic in the hour or so we'd talked last week. He had been spending his first couple of weeks getting the administrative training he needed to be allowed to work in a lab. Then he spent some time learning about Caitlin's project. After he figured out from her what he'd be doing in the future, he came to me to get the skills he needed to do those things well.
It was my job to break him in, so to speak. It's always good if techs come into a project with a basic skill set and that's where his time spent with me came in. My job: provide a basic skill set.
He was scheduled to get here at 9:30 on Tuesdays. Last week I didn't see him until 11 which didn't leave much time to do things before lunch, but he was still getting used to the place and had some last few tidbits of administrative stuff to take care of. We mostly spent that hour going over safety issues and where things were like the fire extinguisher and the emergency shower station.
Most people never use eyewashes or shower stations. Granted, the cases when they're necessary are rare but I have seen a few people spill something dangerous on themselves and they've always tried to stand at the sink and sprinkle water on the problem. If tap water were magic dust I'm sure the tactic would work much better.
It's really not a problem taking a shower in the hallway with all your clothes on. It wouldnt be a problem if you took your clothes off, either. Maybe it's a little embarrassing at the time, especially for people who don't like to make a big splash, so to speak, but if it's the difference between an acid burn and a little superficial irritation, definitely opt for the shower. And it makes for such a good story afterward. Really, those things get so little use, what else are they there for? In an Aristotelian way, you're just helping that emergency shower fulfill its moral destiny.
Last Thursday there wasn't much time to show Tim anything interesting because Myron was keen on getting to know Tim personally and assigning some papers for him to read. I was looking forward to today. We were finally going to get down to some fun stuff: genotyping. Granted, that's not particularly fun for most people but I was thinking the pipetting practice is probably just what Tim needed. I'm sure after running a bunch of digestions, he was sick of it, so it'd be a good endurance test. And it's sort of cool to see DNA with the naked eye. I had my little five minute PowerPoint presentation about genotyping all set for him.
We were going to take some snippets of tissue from mice (who came through the snippet-taking procedure just fine, by the way), extract the DNA from said snippet, run that DNA through a polymerization chain reaction (PCR - just means repeated replication of little DNA pieces) and look for replicated DNA bands of a particular length. It was going to tell us whether or not that particular snippetted mouse had our gene of interest. If your designed primers targeting your gene of interest don't find the DNA they're looking for, nothing replicates. Tracking genes is very important when you keep a colony of mice in research.
I found my mind wandering while I sat at my desk waiting for Tim to arrive. He seemed nice enough. He was pretty quiet, though. Of course, he was deaf. But I think there was more to it than that. I've had a few deaf friends and one of them was a pretty big loudmouth, especially for one who didn't really talk. You can just tell how some people have outgoing personalities. Tim wasn't one of them. And he wasn't completely deaf anyway.
He was telling me last week that five or six years ago he went in for a surgery to get a cochlear implant. He can't hear tones as well as most people but he can hear basic sounds and he has a magnet in his head. He showed me how he can dangle a pencil from the metallic band that holds the eraser. Then he flicked it. I'm not sure if I should have been laughing but I couldn't help it. There was a college student standing in front of me with a pencil doing cartwheels on the side of his head. You had to be there.
"Morning Kat." Tim smiled at me and put his backpack on the floor.
"Good morning!" Sapped energy levels would have to wait. It was time to go into instructor mode. "Listen, I have this great idea planned for today. I want you to sit at my desk and look through a PowerPoint on genotyping. Then I'm going to show you how to set up a PCR and we're going to run the DNA products out on a gel to figure out the size of them. I'll explain everything as we go through it."
He read my lips as I spoke. At first I got really self-conscious about having someone stare at my mouth, but when I mentioned it to him, he said to think of it like an ace in the hole in case I ever have something stuck in my teeth.
"Sounds great! I will learn what PCR means, right?" I promised him he'd learn more than he ever wanted to and then some so he went to sit at my desk and I preoccupied myself with tidying up the lab. It was already pretty clean but there wasn't going to be a whole lot for me to do while Tim was using my computer. I stopped outside the lab where we kept our drinks on a shelf to have a quick cup of coffee.
"Go easy on the bitch juice," said a recognizable voice behind me.
"Alex." I turned around. "It's not bitch juice. It's coffee. I asshole up when I drink redbull. This here is mere child's play. Actually," I lowered my voice for effect, and maybe a little leading by example, "maybe it's not such a good idea to talk like that in the hallway. I hope nobody heard me. And, come to think of it, maybe we shouldn't refer to any sort of drinks as 'bitch juice' anymore. I'll never be able to live it down." The way to prevent Alex from making loud embarrassing remarks was to do it yourself, then let him in on you giving yourself a reprimand for having done it. Otherwise you end up saying things that lose your audience who, in this case, is Alex.
"Hey, I'm not the one who started it."
"I know but you're the only one who still says it."
"Ok but who coined the phrase?"
"Rusty."
"Ok so it's not me."
I smiled. You had to pick your battles and this was one I was going to have to let die. Let it die with stab wounds, broken knee caps, and a bloody temple. No. Just a slow and peaceful melting away. I checked myself. These sorts of interactions with Alex often brought out violent thoughts in me. Never, of course, carried out. He was, after all, a fellow Person Who Knows Everything. I have to cut the guy a little slack.
"Speaking of Rusty, have you seen him today? The goddamned hippy left his hippy vegetarian food out and the ants are getting into it."
Of all the people I knew, Rusty would never come to my mind as a hippy. I lived on a commune for a few years when I was a kid. I've seen adult men and women take off all their clothes and dance in the moonlight without music. (Yes, trust me, music would have made it less weird.) I've seen a man wearing nothing but a skirt mow the lawn and run over his own toes, injuring his bare feet for lack of shoes, and perhaps foresight.
Rusty, a frugal grad student from back east who had short hair and liked to compete in bike races, did not qualify as a hippy, even if he didn't buy into normal fashion trends or eat meat. Not showering every day also didn't qualify him for hippydom, as that's also a good qualification for a grad student, which, of course, he already was.
"I haven't seen him all week, come to think of it. I thought he was at a course on quantum dots but if he's left food out he must be around." I wondered if Alex was curious about Rusty leaving food out because he saw it and now he wants to eat it, ants be damned.

Chapter 5

Tim was still looking over the PowerPoint so I meandered down the hall to find this compromised food. I could hear Rusty's laughter in the hallway before I turned the corner into his shared office. As I approached I picked up that he was talking to Ben, one of the post-docs from Dr. Worth's lab, about quantum dots and something was terribly funny.
"-oid. They're... oh hey Kat. Listen to this," Rusty picked up a piece of paper from his desk. "Ben and I have been working on this for all of," he checked the clock on his computer monitor, "ten minutes now."
"Jesus, what a waste of ten minutes. I should probably get back to the lab." Ben stood up.
"No, no, wait. Let's just observe Kat's reaction and based on that we'll decide where we should submit this." Ben assented and sat back down.
"Do we really have to submit it anywhere?" he asked Rusty.
"Yes." Rusty turned to face me. "Ok, ready?" I saw tears in Rusty's eyes as he looked up at me from having been laughing so hard. He's one of the few people I know who can actually cry from laughing.
"I suppose," I said. "Hey, before we get into that, can you address the topic of an ant-laden sandwich?"
"Oh, I told Alex he could have it." I was stunned. I hoped it was so Alex could throw it away for him. Rusty cleared his throat and, upon taking a quick glance around the small room, apparently decided this presentation would be much better if he were standing so he rose and began:
"Ode to Quantum Dots. Don't laugh. Ok," giggling, Rusty was having some trouble following his own advice. "Quantum dots you let me see/the smallest bits fluorescently-"
"Bits?"
"Don't interrupt."
"I'm just saying. Bits."
He cleared his throat and continued. "At once so small and great/You help me discriminate." I rolled my eyes.
"In measuring your emission spectrum/I don't pull data out of my rectum." At this point, Rusty's tears began anew as he lost his self-control and collapsed back into his chair laughing like a deranged man.
Ben finished for him: "The reds and blues leave me overjoyed/sprinkling twinkling datapoints in the deep, dark void."
I couldn't help but smile, even if it was pretty childish humor.
"Well, you did use the word 'data' twice. You could have found a different one."
"No! I used 'data' once. The second time I used 'datapoints.' Kat, really, sometimes I think you have no appreciation for the creative element."
"You mean I have standards?"
"I suppose you do, though you hide it quite well." I wasn't going to get lured into this childish back-and-forth teasing. With Rusty that often seemed to be a struggle.
"Shouldn't you have mentioned 'greens' if you're talking about fluorescence? I mean, I'm pretty sure green is the new twenty."
"Kat, you're so last year. Green is now the new thirty. Reds and all the correspondingly awesome fruit and vegetable named flavors -- I mean hues -- are the new twenty. Cherry, tomato, strawberry, raspberry, red apple, cinnamon..."
"They really have a fluorophore named 'cinnamon'?"
"Man, who else wants pie? Strawberry rhubarb? Apple cinnamon? Wild berry? Kat, go get me some pie."
"I don't step-and-fetch. I delegate. Rusty, go get yourself some pie." He sighed in defeat. "So you learned a lot at that seminar, I see?"
"Oh it was totally worth every penny."
"Remind me again who paid for it?" A quick glance in the direction of Myron's office was easy enough to interpret.
"It cost me time, Kat. And time is money. And really, if you think about it in those terms, it's not a renewable resource. What is money in the face of a clock?"
"I thought you just said they were the same thing."
"Kat, I love you but you can be so damned literal."
"I'm sorry. You're right. My mistake. I was paying attention to the content of what you were saying. Next time I'll try to focus more on your tone and expression. That might help."
"Absolutely wrong," Rusty said with cheerful enthusiasm, winking at me.
Ben groaned quietly as Rusty said, "Oh, I think I feel inspired again."
"So soon?" Ben asked. "Sorry, dear, I have a headache." With a smile, Ben got up to leave and head back to his lab. Ben and Rusty ate lunch together every day and sometimes the jokes about acting like a married couple were almost too realistic to be funny.
"So," I asked Rusty, "based on my reaction, where are you going to submit it?"
"I'm thinking Nature. Don't they have a poetry section? Once it gets rejected maybe Cell if Science doesn't want it. You know, Kat, I think I'm probably going to try coming up with some experiments that rely on using these little quantum dots. They're just so-"
"State of the art?"
"I was going to say 'space age.' I guess your clich would have worked, but mine was better. And what's more, I found a muse! If science fails, I'll just go into poetry. Actually, in a search for more inspiration, I was thinking of signing up for a course on cell physiology but that word is just too damned hard to rhyme."
"Science for the sake of art..."
"Better that than the other way around. Have you seen some of the crap people are coming up with these days? Oh! I should get you a pair of earrings that look like DNA helices. That's right up your alley." Rusty had mastered a way of being rude and kind at the same time.
"We both know you're far too cheap to actually get anyone else anything."
"Hey, that's not fair." He successfully managed a little pout. "I'm too cheap to get myself anything too. Equal opportunity, that's me. Speaking of which, you've had an opportunity to waste my time and I must say you've done exceedingly well, but now I must go give someone else the same chance. It's the socialist in me."
"Oh, right, of course, here my memory is trying to convince me it was you who stopped me with some silly poem but it must just be my mind playing tricks on me again. Anyway, I had no idea you were expecting. And you've already come up with a name. But what if it's a girl?"
"Socialista." Rusty got up to leave just as Myron walked in.
"You two do know other people can hear you, right?" Myron said it with a smile but it meant we had been too loud. Our voices did tend to carry and Rusty made a quick exit. Rusty doesn't like to be caught in a reprimand so he made a quick getaway. It's too bad because if he'd ever stick around he'd learn the subject always changed immediately. "Kat, I have a huge favor to ask of you. I... let's chat in my office, actually."
I followed him into his office and, guessing this might be a sensitive topic, offered to close the door. My offer was accepted and I took a chair.
"So, Dr. Davis is here all week and I'm afraid I've already shown him the building and introduced him to all the other faculty members he'd be interested in meeting. It was an embarrassingly small number, to be honest. I was hoping you might be willing to..." I had never seen Myron fidget before. He glanced up at me and stopped pushing his mouse back and forth on his desk. "Well, listen, Kat, he seems to have taken a liking to you and frankly not many people want to come to dinner with him. I'm hoping you might have time to oblige. If you can stand the company, there's a free meal in it at one of our town's finer establishments." He smiled. I knew he was trying to lighten the mood after so blatantly complaining (for Myron, that was blatant). "That man has ten times more energy than should be allowed by law and I have no idea how I'm going to be a halfway decent host for the rest of the week."
"I'd be glad to."
"Kat, you're a gem." My expression must have given away what I was really thinking though, because he followed that up with, "a bad liar, but a gem, nonetheless." I figured I owed him. And anyway, he'd have done the same thing for me.
Back in the lab, I saw a frustrated Caitlin leaning over centrifuge tubes.
"Don't talk," she said, without looking up. I didn't talk but sat at my desk until she had time to spare. Eventually she turned to look at me. She was frowning. She had a pipet in her right hand, but the way she was holding it, it seemed more like a stabbing weapon than a tool of science. Speaking of "tools of science,"...
"Tim ruined my experiment. I'm never going to get this done!" She slammed her pipet down on the lab bench. "Unbelievable. Can you do me a favor and not let Alex anywhere near here? I don't need advice -- unless that advice is to not let Tim touch anything. Even then, I only could have used that advice last week. I don't think he understands digestions. He used the same enzyme for all my samples. They're ruined and now I have to grow them all up again. Some are digested, some are digested in the wrong place, some arent digested at all... I can't believe I was happy about this. You know what? Until you teach him about plasmids, I dont want to work with him anymore. Hes all yours." This was both a blessing and a curse. At least I wouldnt get him at 11 anymore. That was unpleasant. It barely left time to do anything before lunch.
What did you teach him so far? Where should I pick up?
Teach him? Kat, I just asked him if he knew how to digest enzymes and he said he did. Maybe it was a misunderstanding. Maybe he thought I was asking about food.
Then what did you teach him last week?
I didnt spend time with him last week. Why? I thought he was here with you.
Maybe he was with Myron. Caitlin put her pipet down.
No, Kat. Myron and I were meeting last Tuesday.
You mean he just showed up almost three hours late? We both glared at one another, but in our minds, we were both glaring at Tim.

Chapter 6

Dinner with Dr. Davis was scheduled for 7:00pm at Solstice Restaurant. The restaurant was a great choice. In some cases it could be considered romantic which meant that the conversation wasn't going to be allowed to get too heated, but it wasn't necessarily just a place for people on dates. I couldn't figure out what to wear so I just put on some khaki slacks and a blue sweater. I don't wear cashmere anymore. That stuff's dangerous.
Some months back I was standing in the little kitchenette belonging to our department. Since we aren't allowed to eat in the labs and even eating in the hallway is discouraged, the powers that be were kind enough to give us all our own little kitchen. It even had a stove. Someday, I promised myself when I came here, I'm going to bake a turkey in that oven. Just because I can.
Dr. Martin came in. He got pretty well-known when he came up with a certain technique for recording firing rates from cells. Brilliant and all that, but in the past ten years, there wasn't really anything new coming out of his lab. I guess that's how it's done. Come up with a really good idea early on and coast for the next... you know... lifetime. People smiled a lot around him. I don't think it's because he was necessarily so well-liked, but he was always smiling and to have someone smile at you and not smile back just makes you feel like you're kicking puppies.
I didn't hear him come in but I sure noticed it when he put his arms around my waist. Was not expecting that. I'd worn a cashmere sweater that day. I thought it was soft and looked cozy but I didn't think that gave every Bob, Joe, and Harry the right to feel me. Ew. I felt the weight of his head on my shoulder and, frozen for the most part, I slowly turned until my nostrils met up with the pungent scent of whatever goop he applied to the few hairs he combed over his prematurely receding hairline.
"Mmm," he said to my shoulder, "soft."
I, still mostly frozen and not knowing what to do, didn't make any sudden movements, but I did take a step forward. Really, I suppose it was more of a two-inch foot-shuffle and a lean since I'd been standing directly in front of the counter to begin with. I think he noticed me move away because he let go. I felt like I had clearly addressed the situation when I felt the arms drop and the weight come off my shoulder. In reality, that was wishful thinking. I turned halfway around, reaching into the microwave to pull out my instant cup of something that passes for food.
"But, Kitty, I think I'm coming down with a cold today so no kissing!" My mouth fell open. "Don't look so disappointed. You'll get your chance." He winked and walked out.
He hasn't done anything remotely similar since then but every now and then I wonder how I'll deal with it if he ever thinks I want my chance.
I heard some years ago that colors can affect people's moods. Red can incite a person to passion or anger and blue can have soothing, calming effects. I figured soothing and calming would be good, not that I really bought into this color claim in the first place. I am, after all, a scientist and so far I haven't seen proof that the theory holds water. Still, blue looked decent on me. There's all the scientific proof I need when it comes to wardrobe decisions.
Our table was reserved on the back patio. The warm spring weather, lit tiki lamps, and cool evening air were all in perfect harmony. I was a little early but the table was ready so I just asked for some water while I waited.
"So does anyone ever call you Kitty? Or do you just go by Kat?" The association with the memory I had just been lost in forced an unpleasant recall. I turned to see Dr. Davis standing so close behind me that he somehow seemed to visibly bend the space around him. He wasn't so fat that he could bend gravity but it could have easily been the strength of his personality alone. He stood over me, grinning.
"I was told once by a well-known scientist never to say I'm just anything. But yes, Kat is fine. I can't remember anyone ever calling me Kitty." I could remember easily if I tried, but I was currently putting effort in the opposite direction.
"My goodness. She learns fast!" I figured he was talking to himself. "A well-known scientist, eh? What have I done to warrant that?" The waitress showed up and took Dr. Davis' drink order as I was about to say, "You got famous?" I decided to keep that thought silent, though. He asked for a glass of house red which was a bit surprising. Was he trying to go easy on Myron's pocketbook or did he just prefer the lower shelf wines? He must have caught my look of mild surprise because he explained his choice. "You wouldn't ever go to a hamburger place and order their pasta, would you?"
"Well, no, if I were in the mood for pasta I'd go to a pasta place."
"Exactly. I don't come to California and ask for wines from somewhere else. Every small-time restaurant seems to have an amazing hole-in-the-wall local brand of house red. I've discovered some of my favorites this way. Don't worry," he leaned in toward me, "I'm not being nice."
Before much longer, Myron walked over to the table with Alex following close behind. I hadn't expected Alex to come but I probably should have. Of course Alex would be here. Alex is willing to and up for participating in almost anything. When there's a dinner to be had or some uneaten food is under question, Alex is twice as present as he otherwise would be and as Myron put it, we were short people tonight. Dr. Davis rose to greet the newcomers, but I remained seated, enjoying the privilege of not having to stand for men. We live in a sexist world. I'll stand for men when women have the same earning averages.
Conversation was pleasant enough, small dinner party and all. I got the impression Alex might have rubbed Dr. Davis a little the wrong way in his usual "here, let me tell you something you don't know" manner. I caught Dr. Davis baring his teeth in either an aggressive expression or a smile a couple of times. With Dr. Davis, it's sometimes hard to tell the two aspects apart. It was as if his face gets instructions to smile but his eyes never get the memo.
As the evening wore on, I came to realize a profound truth. At least, it was profound for me. There are some people who hold the world together, whether it means keeping things running smoothly or bringing in money. Whatever the reason, people like me and Myron would always do things like keep groups together. What we did, we did for the sakes of others. Sure, it also benefitted Myron's career and kept me employed, but he could be making more money somewhere else and I could have a job with fewer hours if I went into industry.
The other people in the lab were still young enough to think they did what they did for themselves. But once they get their PhDs and move on in the world, there'll come a time when what motivates them is the other people in their lab. Even if they think they're in it for their own career, they'll realize their success is based on the success of those around them.
It's sometimes good to be selfish and you help yourself in helping those around you. I guess two main stages of life -- the one where you do things for yourself and the one where you realize you do more things for yourself when you do things for others. In that case I didn't feel so bad about cleaning up my lab bench, even if someone else left the mess. I was either a born sucker or ahead of my time.

***

Not having slept very well the night before, I dragged my feet coming in to work. Rusty saw me in the hallway.
"So how was it?"
"How was what?"
"Don't be coy, you coy person. I'd say don't act stupid but I don't want to strain you first thing." I sighed. It was too early for this. Rusty was chipper. When Rusty gets chipper it strains my patience.
"Oh, wow, you are just so witty. My god Rusty. Where did you learn to make such amazing jokes?" He let out a shrill sort of guffaw that usually meant he was having the time of his life watching someone else make an ass of themselves. And yes, he was right. Two points for Rusty. I was already falling right into his sneaky waiting trap so I decided to try to bring the conversation back down -- or up -- to a normal level. We passed by his shared office so I stopped. Alex was already at work.
"You wanted to know how what was?"
"Your hot date last night."
"My what?"
"Oh hey, Kat," Alex said, spinning in his office chair, "I just wanted to thank you for a wuvwy evening wast night." He stood up and put his lips together in a way that reminded me of a drowning goldfish before I realized he was about to kiss my cheek. I stepped back. Rusty let out another shrill cackle.
"Oh, yes, the date. Rusty, thanks for asking, it was lovely. No words could possibly do it justice. I'm afraid even trying to describe it would be a waste of time. Anyway, there's no time like the present to be productive and actually get some work done, eh? At least for those of us who do." I glanced over Rusty's shoulder at his blank computer screen. He had been playing with virtual desktops again. Right now he had nine open, eight of which didn't have a single application showing, and on the ninth of which he'd been trying out some free application that lets you use the cursor to draw flames across the screen.
"What are you looking at." We both knew when he said it he never meant it as a question.
"Oh shnuh-sap!" Alex dropped in his overvalued two cents.
"Right, ok, well, I better get back to the lab. You guys have fun. Hey, Alex, I think Rusty wanted your help on a new poem." I turned and retreated to the lab listening to Rusty try to explain to Alex how indeed, there wasn't really a poem to be written as he hadn't taken any classes since his quantum dot course. I knew Alex wouldn't be so easily dissuaded, though.
Once safely back at the sanctuary of my desk, I tidied up a little bit and sat down to figure out which DNAs were running low. We kept a library of different genes in replicable plasmids. To study the proteins transcribed by those genes, we'd thaw the DNA, coat beads with it, then shoot those tiny beads into cells and transfect them. They'd start reading the DNA as if it were their own, and voila! Foreign protein transcription! The DNAs were easy to grow in bacteria and it was very bad if we ran out. You can always copy what you have but you can't copy it if you don't have it.
DNA preps might be a good thing to try to teach Tim. If he lasted that long. I rested my pen for a moment and gazed at the wall, trying to remember if there was ever a time when I was like him. He came here late and it was starting to occur to me that he didn't really do anything productive.
Was there a period in my life where I had a job in a lab and didn't bother to show up on time? Was there a period when I could go for hours and even days without actually getting anything done? It was still early yet and I probably shouldn't be so hard on the guy. He was plenty nice and enthusiastic, but he'd come here for weeks and hadn't yet shown up on time or actually done anything helpful.
I remembered how there was a job I just stopped going to and one I was happy to get fired from, but those were jobs I hated. My efforts were unappreciated, no one cared what I did, and there wasn't anything interesting to do. And there was plenty to do here. All he had to do was listen, show up, preferably on time, and, as Spencer Tracy once advised, not bump into the furniture.

Chapter 7

There's a lot to do managing a research lab. The job is a blend of secretary, den mother, shelf-stocker, and problem solver. Luckily, there are usually other lab managers around to ask for help if these general problems ever get to be too much. The lab managers even had meetings once every two weeks to discuss changes to the way things are done and just to touch bases. We'd all meet up with the head of our department's facilities and discuss anything that needed discussing, from safety precautions like how many fire extinguishers you need at what distance apart, to how do get fume hoods certified.
After a few of these meetings I realized they were nothing more than a show. We all showed that we cared about the well being and safety of everyone around and communication lines were open and aside from that, free Dr. Pepper and Doritos was the reason people attended. Big problems didn't regularly happen and if there were big problems, no one was going to sit around and wait for a lab meeting before the problems were addressed.
As soon as the meeting of the moment was done I headed back to the lab, tossing the empty bag of chips into a wastebasket before walking in. Anita was sitting in the chair near my desk, obviously waiting for me to get back.
"Hey." She was slumped forward in her chair, supporting her head with an arm propped on my desk.
"Hi. Did you talk to Lattaker?"
"Oh, did I. Yes. Yes, we had a little chat, the three of us. All of us sitting together. It was. it was just. It was special. Go team." She massaged her temples with an index finger and a thumb of one hand.
"Special like a cereal with lots of vitamins and minerals or-"
"No, Kat. Special like 4-year-old food art. How long are you going to be working here, Kat?"
"I dunno, I guess I don't have any solid plans to leave."
"Me either. Hello seven more years. And you know why?" Her lips formed a tight straight line. "Melissa. That's why. Melissa's project is now a collaborative one between Lattaker's lab and the Worth lab. Apparently Lattaker needs some help with looking at his samples or something and Nicole has the scope he needs access to. And I hate life. Because now there's going to be someone else ahead of me in line whenever I ever need to use anything ever."
"Ever?" I asked, smiling. She wasn't smiling, though, so I stopped.
"We never actually talked about my project. I brought it up -- twice -- but every time I did, it was like, 'Oh, your project? You know who else has a project? Melissa...' I mean, Melissa is great and everything but I see where this is going. And I'm going to be here for the rest of my life. Oh my god." She put her head down on the desk and looked up again. "Do you think I could play the black card? Maybe get some affirmative action people in their faces? Don't they know slavery went out of style a few years back?"
"Nah, it never went out of style. It just shifted demographics. You're still a grad student." I was sad when I said it because we both knew it had a little grain of truth to it, however small that grain was and it was, admittedly, very small. Still, I thought it was low of Dr. Lattaker to overlook Anita, who called the meeting, which defaulted to siding with Nicole, granting himself access to her lab and her resources and have her agree to help him with his one grad student. I'm sure he knew his own reputation. Everyone wanted Melissa to succeed and more futures than just Melissa's seemed to hinge on it. But he just sacrificed Anita's future for Melissa's and really, where's the fairness in that?
"There's really no way around it then? You can't also do a collaborative project in both their labs? Or maybe even work on the same one?"
"Kat, that's a sweet thought but I'd have to throw out a year of progress. And anyway, Im willing to do even that, but even that doesn't guarantee anything would change. It's just my place to hate life right now. I'll get over it. I can deal. But right now, just...". She couldn't keep the tears back anymore so I simply put an arm around her.

***

When I walked back into the lab after lunch I figured Alex would be dissecting. Boy, was I wrong. Alex was doing what I think is called the "down-faced dog" position and Rusty was keeping him company, sitting cross-legged on a sheet of bubble wrap, humming.
I turned around and left, walking into the lab again. It was real. They were still there.
Rusty opened one eye and looked at me. If it's possible to hum the word "Om" with resolution, he started doing it. Alex must have noticed because he turned to look at me.
"Hey Kat. What's up?"
Rusty's humming stopped.
"What are you doing?" I recognized what they were doing as yoga-type stuff, but I couldn't understand why they chose to do it here, now.
Rusty broke into a smile. "I'm multitasking. I'm helping to create a more pleasant work environment and journeying down the path of enlightenment at the same time! And in case you were wondering, a sheet of bubble wrap beats a bed of nails, hands down." To prove his point, he put his hands down and a few dozen little pops applauded his effort.
Alex chimed in. "I have to do a dissection and I just felt a little tense." I had trouble listening to what he was saying because I was focused on not paying attention to his butt in the air and his shirt in his armpits. "I want to be as relaxed as possible so I thought I'd do some yoga real quick. Don't want shaky hands... You should join us, Kat."
"I think I'll pass. Thanks, though." I frowned as Alex continued in his push-up like yoga positions. A thought occurred to me. "By the way, did you ever notice the sorts of dangerous chemicals we have in here?"
Alex was in the middle of doing something like sun salutations, periodically wiping the floor with the front of his shirt after bringing his face within inches of it. "Yeah, it's pretty nasty stuff. Have you read the MSDS on TTX? Man, you don't want to be getting that stuff on you. No wonder you need federal permission to get it."
He was right on that one. Tetrodotoxin prevents miniature excitatory action potentials and, in short, kills you.
"How did WE get it then?" Rusty did have a point. But I'm just that good cutting through red tape.
I continued, "That's true, neurotoxins sure are hazardous... Watching you do that just makes me consider wonder how much of it could have possibly ended up on the floor."
Alex froze.
"Does this mean that my bubble wrap sheet qualifies as personal protective equipment?" Rusty's aura glowed with the color of smug.
"Stop trying to kiss up, you sycophant. Take your over-plasticized meditation-laden butt to your office. That goes for both of you." I impressed myself by taking a step in criticism without the crutch of humor.
Alex got up and brushed himself off, apparently thinking a potent neurotoxin can be harmlessly brushed away with a bare hand. As Rusty rolled up his bubble wrap yoga mat, he said, "Please join us Kat. We'd love to have you and I think of all of us, it looks like you'd benefit most from a little R&R."
"Well, you guys are masters of that for sure. I have this great idea. I know it's revolutionary but I think it might catch on and you guys can be trailblazers. Here's my idea: get data." After they left, I realized I sounded far too much like my past bosses I had come to hate.

Chapter 8

Traditionally, a speaker comes to visit for an entire week. They're put up in the not-so-ritzy guest house associated with Winters University, and treated to tours of the town by some grad students and some faculty members. The nearby chocolate factory was always a hit with visitors. At the end if their stay, after the climactic talk they give on Fridays, they're free to depart and go home. Since the early part of the week is taken up with faculty appointments and pressing requests for collaborations and sharing interests, Thursday is the day usually reserved for the graduate students.
Thursday at lunch there was usually a communal buffet held in the speaker's honor in one of our conference rooms. We'd all gather beforehand so the Speaker could walk into a room of appreciative audience members. I walked in, led by smells of deliciousness and, in the midst of our cadre, found Anita and Melissa in deep conversation. No doubt they were planning experimental collaborations or arranging equipment use. It took a second glance before I realized Melissa had turned to concrete and Anita was fuming. Mad about what, I wondered. I sat down on the other side of Anita and waited for the speaker to come.
Anita turned to me as I sat down. "Can you believe that? I mean, after all the trouble they cause for me." I try to keep tabs on what goes on in the department but she was up on something I wasn't. "Lattaker's completely restructuring Melissa's project. It's now either non-collaborative and she's got to switch to Nicole's lab, or it's collaborative but she's got to add so many side experiments that it's almost doubled in workload. Somehow Nicole got her hands on the project. I guess Lattaker realized he couldn't do it without her and from how it sounds, they had a falling out."
I couldn't quite remember exactly what Lattaker studied but I was pretty sure it had to do with nematodes. No doubt, he wanted Melissa to get some images from Dr. Worth's impressive imaging capabilities and Anita was a way in.
"How out did they fall? Are we talking radioactive here?" Anita sometimes appreciated my sense of humor but this, I guessed from how one eyebrow went up without an accompanying smile, this wasn't a joking matter.
"Shit rolled downhill and we were in the valley." Anita was resigned. Melissa, on the other hand, seemed less shaken by this unhappy turn of events.
"I guess that collaborative relationship that just started has already broken down and I won't have any access to an electron microscopist anymore. If I can't look at the synapses and really prove they're synapses and not just random changes in neurite shapes and size, there isn't much point in continuing with what I'm doing. As it stands right now it's not publishable. Someone's going to find me an electron microscopist or Dr. Lattaker is going to have one more notch on his 'number of students who left without a PhD' belt."
"I'm sure a ton of labs would jump on helping out with a project half-finished."
"That's just it, though," the Distinguished Speaker walked in before Melissa could finish her sentence so she summed it up in a whisper across Anita. "The glass is half full but David sees it half empty." If it had been up to me, I'd have assigned Anita to help with Melissa's project and forget the upper echelon political breakdowns. Anita worked in an electron microscopy lab and knew her stuff and Melissa needed help from one. Problem solved.
I considered explaining this to Melissa and Anita, and I was sure they'd both agree that would be the best possible outcome. But apparently interference from relationships of assistant professors prevented the best situation for the highest quality research from getting done. I hate politics, but I hate it most when it interferes with a larger system. It's like the US economy. The economy affects everyone. Why rely on overgrown children who forgot how to play nice to solve it for the rest of us?
"Absurd," I whispered back, just in time to see Jimmy Davis seat himself down at the head of the table, just as cheerful and ruddy faced as he was on Monday, as we all tucked in to get to know the personal side of this week's Speaker.

Chapter 9

I'm not good at confrontation. Sometimes, though, the humorous twist I usually try to put on situations that could turn confrontational isn't appropriate. This wasn't going as well as I had hoped. Tim wasn't smiling and I think he already knew what I was getting at when I asked him what sorts of things he was enthusiastic about. I wasn't going to come right out and say, "Well, for my part, I'm not enthusiastic about people showing up consistently hours late" but I'm not going to be a pushover either. And if I'm supposed to be teaching Tim some basic lab skills, I'd better impart that sacred skill of showing up on time.
"I'm just saying... I... Look, Tim, I can teach anyone anything. No one needs to come into this lab with any experience or any real knowledge of what we do here. I can show you all that. All you have to do is come here with some enthusiasm and come here when you say you will be. Otherwise it just--"
"You know what your problem is Kat?" I sat up a little straighter. Interesting. I wonder how Tim must think of me. If I'm his supervisor and I'd never say that to Myron, I couldn't understand why he thought he could say that to me without negative repercussions. It must be some kind of misunderstanding. At the same time I wanted to see where this would go. Admittedly, my temper was rising but still remained well within my grasp.
"What's that, Tim?" Seeing as how we're using names now I might as well join in on that whole objectification dance.
Sometimes when you're talking about a person, using their name makes them more human. Like in Silence of the Lambs when the mother of that missing girl kept using her name on the news. In other cases, especially when you're talking to the person in question, using their name has always seems to create this psychological wall. It's a defensive move. It says "I am not you. We are separate people. I am not closely associated with you and you are foreign to me. You have limits, bounded by the definition of who you are, symbolized by your name. Therefore I will use your name and have an easier time belittling you because you will be reminded of your own limitations and our lack of similarities." It also contains people and pushes them away. People get smaller when you define them, even if the definition is a name, defined by who the person is. Sure, it might sound like circular logic, but it works.
"I think you're afraid of me." I had to make sure my mouth was closed. Really? Fear? Well, this was certainly a possibility I hadn't before considered. I wonder what he thought scared me. "You're afraid of things you don't understand and you look down on me because I'm different."
"No," I said. "I look down on you because you're short." That wasnt me being humorous. That was me throwing absurdity right back at him. I'd had enough. It's strange to me how people harbor their minority statuses. It reminded me vaguely of that guy from Charles Dickens' David Copperfield who always talked about how humble he was.
"Tim. It isn't fear. It's irritation. I don't care that you're deaf. I care that you're late. It's annoying. It's part of the idea that I come here and get my work done before you're scheduled to show up and I end up waiting for you anyway. You undermine what I say when you try to turn it into something else. Im mad that youre late. I dont care that youre deaf. I set aside time and energy to teach you things and--"
"Yeah, Kat, I'm sure, you're always so patient and giving and you just spend all your time looking after everyone else." I know he was trying to make it sound far-fetched, but I felt it really wasn't all that wrong. On the other hand, his assessment did have one serious flaw.
"No, Tim. I don't look after everyone else. Just people I like or people I have to pretend to like. You don't really fit into either category at this point. I'm going to ask Myron to let you go. I don't feel you're right for this lab. So far you've wasted time, resources, and set Caitlin's experiments back because you were confident about something without having the matching ability." That was about the strongest thing I could say and I stood up and walked to the door, Tim following me hot on my heels, no doubt ready to explain to Myron how I was bigoted against him because of his bionic nature.
Yes, my temper got away from me. Yes, it was probably an overreaction. At the same time, if Tim had any skills or any attributes that added value to his presence, I might have thought twice about it before I spoke. The way things stood, that wasn't the case. I was going to have to teach him everything from the ground up and he was going to waste more of my time by keeping me waiting for him to even show up? I don't think so.
We found Myron sitting in his office and I asked if it was an ok time to talk. I think he immediately understood something was wrong. We both sat down and I laid out everything to Myron. He then gave Tim a chance to say his piece and, predictably, Tim harped on my supposed xenophobic arrogance and the fact that I said I look down on him.
My boss, the never-failing one-man lab support system, let Tim go saying something about how he knows Tim has an overloaded schedule and really, while Tim obviously has many great skills, it's important to focus on school work right now and he just felt there wasn't enough time in the day for Tim to do everything. I was impressed at how Myron managed to point out Tim's incapabilities while giving him the ego-boost of an accusation of over-achievement.
Tim left the office, giving me a scowl on his way out, but his anger wasn't strong enough to burn a bridge with Myron. I figured Myron would still give him a recommendation. All I could hope for was damning with faint praise. But I was being rude. Once again, I was becoming the bosses I hated. After Tim left, Myron turned to me.
"Kat, am I a good boss?" He was looking at me over the top of his glasses. I felt scrutinized. He wasn't actually asking me about himself. He was asking me to consider what a "good boss" is and consider the concept in terms of myself.
"Yes." I knew exactly where this was going and I realized I had been petty. I was just going to have to ride this one out so I folded my hands in my lap and resigned myself to the lecture I knew would come. I should have addressed tardiness but kept a tighter rein on control of the situation so no one's tender ego got trampled.
"I'm glad you think so." He smiled at me and went back to what he had been doing before our interruption. Now, I hadn't yet ever been reprimanded by Myron in all the time I'd been working for him, but to have the reprimand I expected for at least bringing him a problem at an inconvenient time never come is just sort of weird. Either he was incredibly overloaded with playing host to Dr. Davis right now or he was just letting me off the hook with barely even a second thought.
I'm not sure where the phrase "don't look a gift horse in the mouth comes from, but if a horse is going to bring me a present, I'm certainly not going to look at its mouth. And if Myron wanted to let me off that easily, I was comfortable with that. And strangely enough, I did learn a good lesson from it. He probably knew all that, anyway. There's always a way to be a kind boss and an unkind boss. Myron was showing me by example what it's like to have a kind boss. To Tim, I had been an unkind one. Point made. Point taken. Point Myron. Lesson learned. Point me.

Chapter 10

I love the sounds people make. By that I mean that I love how people make sounds. It's very telling about what's going on in their lives, what kind of person they are, or what sort of mood they're in. For example, people will always make the same sound when they fall. For some it's a gasp, for others it sounds more like a chirp or a squeak. You can tell a lot about a person by their soundboard. Lots of people also have go-to-jokes they like to use in uncomfortable situations to break the ice and almost all of us have a phrase or two we rely on too heavily.
What do you call a deer with only one eye? No-eye deer. That's mine. And when I fall, I gasp.
Nicole's go-to-phrase was to start a sentence with "So." The way she used it, she made it sound like it wasn't the lead of a sentence. She used it like a profound truth, in itself. It was as though we were in the middle of a conversation but only she was aware of it. And she only ever used her go-to-phrase when she was mad. It wasn't exactly a rarity. On Thursday morning when she walked into the lab and I was the only one there I heard the word "so" and cringed, hoping I hadn't cringed too obviously. After a delay I could only assume was Dr. Worth waiting for applause that never came at her declaration of profound truth, she started poking at problems.
"How's Tim working out?" She was glancing around the lab at the shelves and I felt like she was looking for anything that could have been mislabeled, out of date, or put in the wrong place. She must have heard Tim got sacked. She'd never shown any interest in undergraduate volunteers before.
"He didn't, actually."
"Really." It wasn't a question and she didn't sound surprised. "I thought someone with your experience in teaching new students basic lab skills might have shown a little more patience in helping someone with a hearing disability." Great. I'm a bigot again. "Or did it have nothing to do with that?" She sounded already skeptical of my assumed disagreement.
"I don't know what you're talking about. Tim just didn't work out. It had nothing to do with his hearing. He communicated just fine." I was getting angry. I hate it when people act like you have to be nice to someone because they have a disability. I'm not rude to people who are disabled. I'm rude to people who are rude, regardless of disabilities. There are good reasons to dislike people, but how well they hear isn't one of them. I wasn't going to explain myself to Dr. Worth. There was no point in telling her why Tim got sacked. Her opinion wasn't relevant and I prefer to keep her out of things as much as I can. The only power she held over me was her ability to convince Myron of things.
"I see. Well, let's cut to the chase, Kat. I guess you showed your true colors yesterday. Apparently you think it's ok to just fire someone who has a disability. I'm going to have to be very clear since apparently you have issues communicating with people. If I hear that you get anyone else fired who is suffering from being differently-abled, I'm going to let the Equal Opportunity authorities here know about it. I'll be keeping a close eye on you."
Have I mentioned before that I don't like confrontation?
"Really, Nicole-"
"Dr. Worth, please."
"Ok, Dr. Worth, I really think you're jumping to conclusions and I think you should discuss the matter with Myron."
"Oh Kat," she sounded as though she caught onto my trickery, whatever that could have been, "do you really think he'd disagree with one of his own lab members?" I did, actually. "That's just one more reason why I feel someone needs to step in. I'm just sorry I have to be the one to do it." I was sorry, too.
How could she have possibly found out about Tim anyway? Unless, of course, he had gone to her to try to get her to do exactly what she was now doing. Have I mentioned I hate politics?
It was no secret Nicole's company wasn't particularly sought out by people who worked in this lab. Tim probably figured he'd try a little dig at us -- well, me -- after getting ousted. I was done with this conversation. There's a problem with assistant professors, though. They're on tenure track and situations like this don't ever seem to reflect on whether or not they get their tenure so there was a good chance Nicole was going to be around for a long time. I was just going to have to be nice about it. But no way in hell was I going to admit to doing something I hadn't done. I started quickly drafting a formal letter in my head, which I then read aloud to her.
"Dr. Worth, I very much appreciate you taking time from your busy schedule to discuss this matter with me. I can see that minority rights are very important to you and I can assure you, it's a concern we share. If my actions in any way led you to believe that I was bigoted against any demographic, please give me the chance to disprove that assumption. If you have any further questions about Tim's dismissal, I must urge you to speak to my boss about it as I really feel I have inadequate authority to address this matter with you."
Yours truly, me.
"You're passing the buck. Fine, Kat. At least I've made my position clear. I will talk to Myron. Just see that you don't pull anything like this again."
My fists were shaking with fury as she left. The door clicked closed and the lab was thankfully silent. I had no recourse but to continue on with the day like life was normal. I hated how she was right: I had passed the buck. In my mind's eye, however, I imagined Nicole being about two inches tall and I took her in one fist and squeezed her until her head popped off. That made me feel a little better.
Anita was going to have a great time listening to this. After all, a common enemy unites. And we were about to get closer than ever.

Chapter 11

The seminar room started to fill up twenty minutes before the talk was supposed to start. People came early to be sure theyd get coffee and cookies. Availability of seats was secondary. Some lab members stuck together, as though representing their group en masse. Some people sat in among their fellow students rather than the lab they were in. Whatever you might think about seating placement, you could learn a lot about where people's loyalties lay by watching whom they chose to sit next to in seminars like this one.
Melissa was sitting at the far end of a row. I had just caught her eye when I realized she wasn't looking at me but rather Anita, who had just come over to tell me something.
"Kat, did you do something? Because if you did, you're awesome. You must have talked to Lattaker or something. Melissa and I have been assigned the same project. The PIs are getting along well enough to let us work together, at least for now. You have no idea how great this is. With an important collaborative project going on, Ben and Steven are going to have to give me some scope time now. Otherwise Lattaker's going to have to talk to Worth about it. You were completely right"
She held out her fist and watching her do it, I involuntarily did the same thing. Then she bumped mine with hers. This wasn't a greeting I was used to and it showed. I was never one of the cool kids. We both laughed, I congratulated her on her success, and she made her way over to sit by Melissa, who was now smiling at me. I smiled and nodded back and chose a seat in the center of the room.
I don't like to sit next to people I know during seminars. I don't like to be tempted to talk while a speaker is talking and I certainly don't like being talked to by anyone but the person I'm trying to hear.
Dr. Davis was sitting in the front row chatting with Myron. Both men seemed completely relaxed. At one point, Dr. Davis laughed loud enough to drown out the rest of the conversation din in the room. Had I not known Dr. Davis by now, I'd have guessed that was nervousness. As it stood, I knew he was just being himself. Myron was going to give the introduction and Jimmy was going to give an hour long presentation. Either circumstance would have made me tremble or at least tense up but maybe it was because both men had done this hundreds of times. They could have been sitting on a park bench somewhere, they were so nonchalant.
Dr. Martin came by where I was sitting to thank me for help I had given him on a brain matrix project.
"Everything is coming along just great. We have the density down. Now we just need to work on ingredient ratios to get the right stain penetrations. Very exciting stuff, Kat! Very exciting!" He winked at me.
I told him I was glad to have been able to help, however small my part was. Glad to have helped, glad that help is no longer required.
Before long, Myron stood up holding a piece of paper folded in half.
"Shall we begin, then?" He looked at the paper, glanced at the audience, and folded the paper twice more. "I guess I don't really need this. Let's see, I've known Jimmy for about as long as I care to remember. He's a one-of-a-kind man.
"As some of us know and others of us are just learning, science is a series of tests, the results of which can confirm, deny, or reshape views. It's rare to find a scientist who can hypothesize and usually confirm gut intuitions about molecular pathways or cellular mechanisms, but Jim Davis is just one of those men. The value of keen intuition in science is only superseded by its rarity."
Myron gave a short history of Dr. Davis' work, including some prestigious awards he'd recently won and the schools he'd attended and the degrees he'd received from those schools. Applause followed as Dr. Davis took the floor.
"Thanks, Mickey. Very nice introduction.
In the next row I heard Alex whisper to Rusty, "Mickey?!" The Speaker continued.
"I suppose I should mention how much I appreciate this opportunity to come and talk to you all about my work. Some things I discuss today many of you will already know, but in sharing ideas we can build on them." Funny how he said he should say those things, but didn't actually say them. Armed with a laser pointer and a remote for his PowerPoint slides, Dr. Davis explained the background of PSD-95, the molecule he'd be discussing.
"Neurons transmit signals and process information. That's how we think. It's how we learn and remember and process information. It's how we do math and how we smell flowers.
"Signal transmission means an electrical gradient passes down a process coming off of a cell body in the brain. That process is called the axon and that cell body is called the soma of a neuron. Most neurons have many processes called dendrites. These are the branches that receive signals from other cells. But neurons have only one axon -- the signal sender -- though this single axon can branch many times. When the electrical signal reaches the end of the axon, the change in potential allows small bubbles called vesicles inside the cell that are filled with chemicals to fuse with the membrane, inverting and releasing those chemicals outside the cell.
"A nearby cell can have receptors nearby on its dendrites to receive and bind to those released chemicals, causing an influx of calcium and a change in membrane potential.
"This release and uptake of neurotransmitters (chemicals) is confined to an area where there are molecules in place to release chemicals, juxtaposed to an area on another cell where there are molecules in place to receive them. Such an area of juxtaposition in its entirety is called a synapse.
"PSD-95, which stands for post-synaptic density 95, is a protein anchored on the receiving side of synapses. It's a scaffolding protein, which means, while it isn't a receptor itself, it helps keep receptors and synapse-stabilizing proteins in place. It keeps everything together.
"There are still many unanswered questions about PSD-95. How are synapses built and at which stage of the synapse-development process does PSD-95 arrive? How does it bind to all the receptors it needs to bind to? PSD-95 is part of a structure at the post-synaptic density but it's also in free-floating form throughout the cell. Why is that? How is it degraded? How does it dimerize? How can a cell get PSD-95 all the way to distant parts of a dendrite? Does it travel from the cell body or is it produced at protein-building outposts within the neurites? How does PSD-95 know how big to make a synapse? Does it respond to cell activity? Is accumulation of it induced by an influx of calcium or the the lack of it? Today I'm going to address just a few of the many unanswered questions about PSD-95.
By the time Dr. Davis had finished his talk about synapses, scaffolding proteins, and PSD-95, it seemed the room was buzzing with more questions than answers about the protein. That's always a sign of a good speaker. 
As people began filing out of the room, I headed toward the podium. There were a few stragglers asking some last minute questions. This was usually how I asked questions, being often far too shy to raise my hand and fire away with a captive audience. Myron took me aside while these last few fans discussed Dr. Davis' research with him.
"Kat, I was hoping you might have time to drive Jimmy to the airport this evening. I'd do it myself but I'm supposed to give a talk on campus at 7. His flight leaves at 8."
"Not a problem."
"Thanks Kat. Very kind of you. You've been a tremendous help this week. Don't ever take a vacation. Incidentally," his smile faded for a moment, "Nicole came to talk to me." My smile disappeared from my face too.
"I thought she might have," I said.
"Well, that's enough of that topic, don't you think?" His smile returned just as Jimmy was finishing his final comments.
I was pleased with myself, knowing that when Myron returned to his office, hed find a new espresso machine waiting for him. It wasnt purely altruistic. Sometimes its good to be selfish.

***

Jimmy Davis only traveled with one bag which, for some reason, surprised me. I opened the trunk of my car and he tossed it in before getting in the passenger side.
"Kat, have you ever heard that song about not liking riding on the passenger side?"
"I can't say I have."
"Well, I don't. But there are a lot of things I don't like. I don't like that obnoxious graduate student in your lab. I don't like that obnoxious assistant professor woman, and I don't like your boss. That just goes to show you I'm egalitarian about disliking people -- I dislike someone at every stage of their career. All I need now is a seriously flawed technician." I knew he was baiting me, but I had reached a level of comfort with being baited by Jimmy Davis.
"You don't like Myron?" I was surprised. Myron had been giving him the best tour and care a host can offer all week. I thought they'd been friends for twenty-something years. "Is it too much competition? Maybe you're both just so alike that you're like magnets with the same poles facing."
Dr. Davis paused for a moment and looked at me, for the first time not smiling. He was just thinking.
"Well," his grin came back, "maybe Mickey isn't so bad."

Epilogue

Scaffolding proteins, like the title of this book, are molecules that hold things in place. If you think of the inside of a cell like a building, scaffolding proteins are like (you think I'm going to say scaffolding, but I'm not) the support beams inside the walls. Better than that, though, they're also like the chutes and pipes and ventilation shafts. They hold the cell in place, they form little highways for kinesins and dyneins to follow along, transporting proteins where they need to be transported. Scaffolding proteins also keep structures like synapses rooted to where they need to be: opposite the complementary side of the synapse.

PSD-95 is the most ubiquitous scaffolding protein in the post-synaptic density. It forms dimers with itself and interacts with other postsynaptic proteins like signaling receptors. It plays a huge role in the structure of neurons, especially at synapses.

For more information on PSD-95 check out these references (you can find them by searching the online PubMed database athttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/):

1.Alaa El-Din El-Husseini, Eric Schnell, Dane M. Chetkovich, Roger A. Nicoll, and David S. Bredt, PSD-95 Involvement in Maturation of Excitatory Synapses, 17 November 2000, Science 290 (5495), 1364. DOI: 10.1126/science.290.5495.1364

2.Gray NW, Weimer RM, Bureau I, Svoboda K, 2006 Rapid Redistribution of Synaptic PSD-95 in the Neocortex In Vivo. PLoS Biol 4(11): e370. DOI:10.1371/journal.pbio.0040370

3.Han K, Kim E. Synaptic adhesion molecules and PSD-95. Prog Neurobiol. 2008 Mar;84(3):263-83. Epub 2007 Dec 8. Review. PubMed PMID: 18206289.

4.Keith D, El-Husseini A. Excitation Control: Balancing PSD-95 Function at the Synapse. Front Mol Neurosci. 2008;1:4. Epub 2008 Mar 28. PubMed PMID: 18946537

###

For more in the Lablife series check out http://www.sarahkparrish.com.


