Smashwords Edition
Chronicles of Revenge: The Beginning
Copyright  2013 George G George
All rights reserved
Cover Design and Interior Layout by Laura Shinn

Smashwords Licensing Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with other people, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you are reading this ebook without purchasing it and it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.
Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.

Chronicles of Revenge: The Beginning is a work of fiction.
Though actual locations may be mentioned, they are used in a fictitious manner and the events and occurrences were invented in the mind and imagination of the author except for the inclusion of actual historical facts. Similarities of characters or names used within to any person  past, present, or future  are coincidental except where actual historical characters are purposely interwoven.

Chapter 1

The sound of laughing and shouting echoed in the park as two young men and their parents were enjoying an afternoon walk together. The day was bright and warm for October, and the trees still had their summer coats on, although some were starting to turn a light brown. The mild summer had hung on longer than normal, but today was not going to be any normal day, one thing was for sure it would not end like it had started.
Tim turned to his wife, smiled and said, Lara, look at them two. I cant remember seeing them this happy for a long time.
Lara stared lovingly back and replied, That, Tim, is because you were always at work while we lived at 10 Downing Street. Now that part of our life is over we can have lots more days like this, and I can't wait.
Me too, he smiled while thinking the same, and made himself a promise that this is how it would be from now on, more family time and less work. Well, he thought, we have no money worries, whos ever heard of a poor ex-Prime Minister? He certainly hadnt. 
Since leaving government he had made a good living from after-dinner speeches, plus there were lots of companies offering work. Yes they were really very lucky, he had worked hard and now it was time to enjoy the fruits of his labour. Tim looked at his watch, a gold Rolex given to him by a wealthy friend. He loved this watch and would pass it onto his eldest son Timothy when he was twenty-one, but for now he could enjoy the wonderful timepiece.
It was now 4:17pm, Lara, he said, it's time we were heading back for dinner and the boys have got college in the morning. 
She agreed and called to them, Timothy, Robin, time to go home now.
He turned to her with an exasperated look and said, Lara, you are the only one that calls him Timothy. Everybody else just calls him Tim like I do. 
She pretended to look hurt, That's what we named him so that's what I'll call him, or should we take the American way and call him Junior?
No, no, no, anything but that, Tim said. They both laughed and turned to head home.
The walk back was a pleasant one as it was still quite warm outside. When they arrived home Lara decided they would have their dinner in the garden and while she was preparing their food Tim went to his office to do some work ready for Monday morning, and the boys kicked a ball around in the garden.
In a rented flat a small black box suddenly came to life. Two tiny red lights switched on making the box look like a small, evil creature. More electrical equipment now switched on until the whole thing seemed to be alive, the only part of the beast that seem cold, hard and dead, was the black barrel of the 7.62 general purpose machine gun. Mounted on a servo assisted tripod it waited for its orders. Not the most sophisticated piece of equipment, but good enough for this task, and readily available if you knew where to look. Fixed just behind the optical sight was a mobile phone, securely in position on its own mounting. This also came to life, now going through its normal wake up procedure. Thirty seconds later it was sending a video signal back to another mobile, enabling the user to see through its camera and the optical sights on the machine gun. 
Electric motors started to hum and the gun slowly turned towards the window. Passing the window edge, a brick wall came into view. This slowly passed across the small screen and now the view changed; trees, bushes, flowers and a grass lawn on which there were childrens toys and a barbecue, all passed across the screen. Just an average English family garden.
The motors kept running, turning the barrel towards its final targets, then a fence came in to view. As it slowly passed, the user was now looking into another garden. This one was very similar to the first except for the two young lads playing football. The user watched them for a while, waiting. No rush, just waiting for the right moment. As the two lads played, the cold dark barrel watched and waited. The two came together in a heavy tackle leaving them both flat-out on the grass side-by-side, laughing even though they were completely out of breath.
Again, the servo motors hummed, the barrel moved a little left and up until the crosshairs aligned on the two lads lying on the grass. Suddenly the machine gun came to life, three short bursts barked from its long dark barrel, sixteen rounds in all travelling at over two thousand feet per second smashed into their target, ripping flesh, tearing muscle and smashing bones. Young Tim and Robin were killed in a hail storm of deadly, white hot lead.
Due to the machine gun placement Lara and Tim never heard the shots, but their small dog had and barked furiously, but then he always did at any noise. Lara had made the boys a cold drink and thought she would take them into the garden for them. As she came out of the door and down the steps, she rounded the shed and saw the two boys, or what was left of them. The impact of the sixteen 7.62 rounds on the two young bodies can only be described as sheer carnage. For Lara everything seemed to stop; the two glasses fell to the path and shattered, but she did not notice. She tried to run to get to Timothy and Robin, but nothing seemed to work. Her whole body would not move, it seemed like hours to her as the shock of what she was seeing abated and she let out an almost inhuman scream. A scream that only a mother who has lost a child could make, let alone one who was looking at her two sons, slaughtered in their own garden.
Tim was working in his small office. It was not the kind of office he was used to having, this one was more like the size of a large broom cupboard, but he liked it. He had all that he needed plus no room for anyone else, just his laptop, a photo of his wedding day and one of his two boys. Tim was just finishing some notes when he heard Lara scream. Even with all the walls and doors between them he heard it clear as day, and knew in his heart that something bad had happened. Thinking that one of the boys had been badly hurt, he ran into the garden. Tearing through the back door, he cleared all three steps in one leap. The sight before him stopped him dead in his tracks. Hed expected a broken arm or leg maybe, even a bad break with bones poking through the skin, but what he found was his two sons completely torn to pieces, the grass around them was covered in blood and bits of skin and bone. Lara had both the boys bodies, or what was left of them, in her arms. She had stopped screaming now and was just making a low moaning whimpering sound. Tim tried to speak but nothing came out, his jaw just moved up and down like a silent movie actor. He dropped to his knees next to Lara, slowly shaking his head, trying to make sense of what had happened but not believing what he was seeing. Moments later his mobile phone rang.
The phone was one of those new Blackberry sorts, but at that moment it could have been a stone for all he knew. He looked at the screen; number withheld, not that he cared. His thumb pressed the green answer button and he put the phone to his ear.
Hello? Tim said. No answer. Again he said, Hello, who is this?
Then the voice of a man that Tim thought was dead spoke, chilling him to the bone, it said, Nobody takes from me what I'm not prepared to give, and I was not prepared to give my sons. Now I have taken your two sons from you, so you can suffer the same as I am. You are the first, but not the last. The same fate will befall all who were involved in the murder of my two sons, and I will have my revenge.
The phone clicked and went dead. Tim stared at the small Blackberry in his hand, turned and hurled it against the wall, breaking into pieces. He looked across at Lara holding their two sons bodies, got up and headed back inside. He had to make some calls, other people had to know.
The police and ambulances arrived within minutes. Lara was given a sedative and taken upstairs. Tim reach for the phone and dialled, Bill, said Tim, I need you here at my house right away. No, drop whatever you are doing and get here now, then he hung up, sat back and waited.
Twenty-two seconds after he had spoken to Tim Greening the user dialled another number and waited. In a third floor apartment in an expensive part of Paris Ile Saint-Louis, tucked away in a small cupboard, was an old brown suitcase. It was nothing much to look at, but it was her father's and she liked to have it with her wherever she went. Unknown to Desiree Beuli, someone had broken into her apartment two weeks earlier and removed the contents of her suitcase and replaced it with a small amount of C4 explosives and four litres of petrol. This was wired to a small black box which was the ignition switch. On top of the box was a mobile phone which now lit up showing an incoming call. The phone answered and started the LED lights in the box. They came on, lighting the inside of the case with an eerie red glow, and at the same time three hidden spy cameras came on. The user looked through each one until he found what he was looking for. There in the lounge was Desiree, alone, revising for a test she had soon. The user took in all the expensive things in the apartment, from the hand printed wallpaper in gold and greens, to the real polar bear rug in front of the fire, and the large brown leather couch. He now made one last check to make sure she was alone. His finger moved to the keypad, and with the cold, calculating manner of a man who had killed many times before, pressed the four digits needed to set off the bomb. Desiree Beuli, for a fraction of a second, felt the blast and the heat from the bomb, then she was engulfed in flames. Death would have been almost instantaneous. The blast blew out all of the windows and the French doors, and as the flames subsided and the smoke started to clear there, in the corner behind the burning sofa and next to the smouldering polar bear rug, lay Desirees lifeless, charred body, peppered with broken masonry from the blast. This is how she was found. Her parents were informed, but unlike Tim Greening they had no idea who had done this, but they soon would.
The time was now 4.24pm GMT, and once again the user dialled another number. It was 11:24am in Miami. Chad Denning was at home, well, home being a converted double garage at his parents house. Chad now twenty-two and wanted his own space. It was a typical young man's lair, just as he had wanted it. One of the doors had been removed and replaced with a window and he had kept the other for his 1960 Corvette sports car. The two seat convertible had been his dads and when he had turned twenty-one Chad had been given it for his birthday. Most people have a giant TV or an inglenook fireplace for a centrepiece in the lounge, Chad just parked the Corvette. A moving piece of art is what he liked to call it, and it certainly was a head turner thats for sure, along with the flat screen TV, large old leather couch and the kitchenette. That was Chad's place; his bedroom was in the rafter space, compact but his. It really did impress the girls when he drove into his own lounge in the Corvette.
Chad loved that car so much that no one was allowed to drive it except him, even when it went for its yearly service he would drive it there and back. No greasy mechanic was driving his car. This though, was to be his undoing. When the car had its last service three weeks earlier it had stayed in the garage overnight, and in that time at the garage, a piece of C4, no bigger than a golf ball, had been placed under the driver's seat, along with a tiny black box a mobile phone and a mercury tip switch, the type used by the IRA years before. The users had a vast knowledge of these, having disarmed and used them many times. The phone under the seat lit up and answered the call, the small black box coming to life. The user put in the four digits that would activate the mercury tip switch, and now the bomb was armed, all it needed was a sharp movement to detonate the C4 underneath the seat.
Having spent some time watching Chad, the user knew that he would go out at around 11.45am to meet up with the guys. Chad looked at the digital clock on the wall, it was 11.41am, time to go, he thought. Chad pushed the button on the fob that opened the garage door, and he was in the car and had it running before the door was fully open. Chad dipped the clutch and put the Corvette into first gear. As he let the clutch out, the car moved forward and went over the small ramp at the front of the door. The C4 exploded, blasting Chad out of his seat and into the underside of the garage door, not that it mattered as Chad had been torn apart in the blast. What was not stuck to the underside of the door was now dropping back into the Corvette. Both his parents were out at the time, but they would be informed. Their grief would be shared by the other parents, and these were just the first. There were more on his list; all would pay he would spare none, not one. Even if it took the rest of his life, revenge would be his, and all those involved with the murder of his sons would pay.
"If you live by the sword, you should be prepared to die by the sword," he said to himself.
The mobile phone was smashed and thrown into the river by the user. Now they would know it was him and that was good, he thought, now they would know my pain, my loss, my anger, and most of all my need for revenge. Now all his skills, expertise and knowledge would be turned against those he had spent most of his adult life protecting. Little did they know what they had unleashed on themselves, but they would find out soon enough.
Tim Greening had not moved from the chair, he just sat and waited. He looked around the room at the many beautiful, expensive things, like the walnut sideboard; to Tim walnut was the most beautiful wood in the world. The Persian rugs, china figurines, and of course there was the Constable on the wall, behind which was his safe just like in the old movies. 
At around 5pm Bill Turner arrived; he had already been briefed about the killings. Bill walked into the lounge where Tim was waiting and at first it seemed to Bill that Tim had not seen him, but a moment later Tim looked up.
Tim, Im sorry for your loss, truly sorry, you have my condolences, said Bill, then he waited for Tim to reply. It took about a minute or so before Tim answered, and he said, Thanks for coming Bill, please have a seat. 
Bill sat and waited. He had known Tim Greening for almost thirty years, they had met at Oxford University. Bill had been studying business management and Tim politics, but what brought them together was their mutual love of rugby and beer. Both had done well at Oxford, as they had in their chosen careers. Tim had reached the top having been the Prime Minister. Bill still was at the top of one of the largest banks in the UK, but at this moment none of that mattered. The silence dragged on so Bill looked across to Tim and said, Whats the real reason you have asked me to come over? Tim said nothing so Bill pressed him again, this time Tim replied to Bill's request.
I know who killed Timothy and Robin.
Have you told the police? 
No, he replied. Bill said nothing but he knew that this must be very serious for Tim not to have gone to the police. 
Do you know why? Bill asked. 
Tim replied, Yes, I think so. he waited for a moment then continued, I thought he was dead, II was assured hed been killed years ago.
For Christ's sake, Tim, Bill said, who the hell is it?
Tim thought for a while and said, His name is Matt North, or should I say Captain Matt North, formerly of the SAS, Tim took a deep breath and exhaled through his nose and just stared at Bill, saying nothing. Tim was looking right past Bill like he wasnt in the room. Bill sat quietly thinking he had never been in combat but he had heard of the expression the thousand yard stare and thought that this was what Tim was doing. Bill also knew this was way above him and he would need to choose his words very carefully, having never met the former SAS man personally.
Bill sat back in the chair and rolled the man's name around his head like it was a fine malt whiskey in his mouth, trying to remember where he had heard it before. That was it, he thought, I remember now. At a party maybe five years ago he had heard some people talking about this man, but what was it they said? Bill started to go through his memory trying to remember, and then it came back to him. Yes, that was what the chap had said, If there was one person in the world he never wanted to cross it was Captain North. This guy, one of them had said, was the most dangerous man in the world bar none, and I would rather kick the devil in the balls than get on the wrong side of him.
Bill thought at the time they were just exaggerating, you know, beer talk. Tim spoke then, which brought Bill out of his train of thought and back to the lounge.
Bill, I made a bad decision in the past and I believe that's why my sons are dead. I might have just as well shot them myself, and at that Tim began to sob. 
Bill had seen his friend take big hits on the rugby field, even watched him break his leg in two places, but he had never seen him cry. Bill was at a loss for what to do, so he did nothing and just waited for the tears to subside. When Tim had stopped crying Bill gave him his hanky and he dried his eyes. Bill waited a few moments before continuing the conversation.
Tim, what was the bad decision you made? What on earth did you do to cause this man to do what he did? 
Tim looked at his friend, took a deep breath and started to tell Bill all that had happened and why he made the decision which led to the death of his two children, his beloved sons Timothy and Robin.
Bill, do you remember the last election and that I was not faring too well, in fact it was odds-on that I would lose? 
Yeah I do, you said that what you needed was another Falklands war to win.
That's right. Well, I couldnt start another war, so l gathered all of my closest aides to Downing Street to see if we could come up with a way to help me win the next election. Lots of ideas were put on the table, but the most popular by far was the capture or killing of Al Qaeda's top man, Oman Khan, and it was agreed that the only man for the job was Captain North.
Really? said Bill, you mean there was no one else? Did the Yanks not have someone? I mean, this man cant be that good. 
He is, without doubt, the best killing machine ever. It's rumoured hes killed over five hundred people, but in truth it could be a lot more. He was singularly the best asset we had.
Bill raised a hand to stop him so he could take this all in. He thought to himself, Tim was his friend, but he couldnt get involved too deeply, he had four children of his own. 
What on earth did you do to piss this guy off so much that he would kill your two sons? 
Tim started to tell of the plan they had put together. It seemed so simple at the time, he recalled, just call him out of retirement, offer him a huge sum of money to take out Oman Khan, and Tim would then have had the praise of the world leaders, and also a very good chance of winning the next election.
So what went wrong? asked Bill.
Simple, he said no. At that point I should have just abandoned the whole idea right there and then, but I was desperate. Sir Chris Bergman said he knew a man that might be able to persuade him to take the job on, so he contacted Major Ed Barker, a former SAS operative now working for the British government in a contractual sort of way, and asked him to attend our next meeting.
Bill gave Tim a highly sceptical look, I take it he could not persuade him to take the job?
Tim recalled when Barker arrived he made it clear he and North are not friends. 
In fact, the best of enemies is what he said, but he assured us he could get the job done so we ran our plan past him and asked if he could help. In the meantime I had arranged a meeting with Alain Beuli, the French security minister, and Peter Denning, the American CIA chief. It was while all three of us were having a meeting that Bergman and Barker came in. It was Barker that came up with the idea to use French and American operatives as well as our own to help us with his plan.
I didnt think the French and Americans would be interested in the UK elections, said Bill.
They're not, but the French had their own elections coming up, and like me would like to have Oman Khan dealt with for their own political gain, and you know the Americans are always interested in anything that takes Khan out of the equation. Let's face it, the public around the world are getting fed up with no results and nothing but body bags.
I understand that, but what was the plan, Tim? I take it you were going to use internal pressure to get North to take the job on, quoting national pride and how the whole world will be behind the plan?
Sounds good, agreed Tim, but that was not the plan we agreed to. You see I had tried that and he still refused, but Barker said his plan was guaranteed not to fail. He would do whatever we wanted.
And you trusted him? asked Bill.
Not completely, said Tim, but we were all desperate for a result.
Okay, I get that, but what was Barker's plan?
Simple really, said Tim, kidnap his two sons and hold them until the job was done.
What!? Bill exclaimed, a lot louder than he had intended. You mean to tell me you agreed to that? No, surely not!
Yes, Im afraid I did, and so did the French and Americans. Barker said his sons were his Achilles heel and he would do whatever he was told to get them back no matter what.
So what went wrong? asked Bill.
Weve been friends a long time, Bill, so what I'm about to tell you cannot leave this room, is that clear?
Bill replied, Yes I realise that Tim, so what went wrong?
Not too sure really, said Tim, I know the planning took just over a week and Barker said the preparations were done, all he needed was the order to go. God, Bill, why did l not just say no and called it off?
Well why didn't you Tim, what made you say yes?
Tim looked at Bill then said, A few hours earlier I had the latest poll results and I was down two more points. It felt like I had been thrown this lifeline and like a drowning man I grabbed it with both hands, not caring about the consequences. I just had to win, Bill. That was all I could think of. Nothing else seemed to matter at that point.
Bill slowly shook his head then asked Tim to continue, I was not aware of the full details of the operation from the start, but Barker had the two boys under guard and well hidden, plus he had six men watching North, supposedly a top team, who would report his every move. Top men he said. Ha! What a joke that turned out to be.
Why do you say that? asked Bill. 
Why, Bill, why? Because after being informed of his sons situation he found them and killed them all in a matter of minutes. It was like he knew what we had planned, or thats what I thought, but there was no leak. I found out later how he knew. I should have done my homework on Captain North, but I didnt.
Bill looked at Tim, he was wringing his hands out as though they were soaking wet. 
You said he knew about your plan. How?
Tim took a moment, looked at his hands and raised his head up. Apparently he has some form of sixth sense.
Rubbish Tim, since when did you, or me for that matter, ever start believing in that? Youll be telling me you see little green men from Mars next.
This brought a smile to Tims face. There is so much you dont know, Bill, he thought. 
I was like you then Bill, but after talking with men from his unit I now believe differently. No, I know differently.
So what you are telling me Tim, is that hes psychic is he?
No Bill, apparently its just a sense he has. Some of the men I spoke to told me how he would know if a person meant him harm or if they were lying to him when on operations. He could see or sense things like trip wires, mines, detection devices and more. He just knew Bill, and when it came to his boys he always knew when they were in trouble or in pain, no matter where he was in the world. Im not saying he knew the plan but he knew something bad had happened and I guess he had a plan for something like this, he would go into hiding then go and search them out and deal with any issues when he found them.
Tim, are you telling me you thought that you could just kidnap the mans sons and he wouldnt do something about it? And not have some sort of predetermined plan of action? Youre not that stupid!
It would appear I am.
Bill thought for a moment and then said, Well it all seems to have gone horribly wrong. I take it the boys were returned to him with what, some form of compensation?
Tim just shook his head. Moments later he said, No no that would have been the thing to do, but well, I dont know all the details but it seems the boys tried to escape and in the process they were both killed.
At this point Bill was lost for words. They both sat in silence. It was Bill who spoke, Let me get a handle on this Tim. There was yourself and two top ranking officials, one from France and one from America, who were involved in this?
Thats right, myself, Denning and Beuli. We organised it and authorised the mission.
So, if I was now looking at this from his point of view Tim, you all gave the green light to kidnap and murder his two sons.
No Bill, no. That was never the plan.
Maybe not to you Tim, but to him thats exactly what it looks like.
At that moment the house phone rang. Tim reached over and answered it. He listened for a few minutes and said, I understand. Thank you. He replaced the received in its cradle and turned his head towards Bill. By the look on his face Bill knew it was not good news. For a moment Tim just stared at the telephone, saying nothing. 
What is it Tim, what did they tell you?
Bill, its begun. Hes not only killed Timothy and Robin, hes also just killed Desiree Beuli and Chad Denning.
With tears starting to run down his cheeks, Tim said to Bill, What have we done, Bill? No, what have I done?
Bill could think of nothing else to say, so he got up and walked to the door. He looked back to say his goodbyes but instead just left. It was some time before Tim even knew Bill had left. As Bill walked out of the front door he nodded to the chief constable waiting outside and said, He may need a few extra moments before they go in.
No problem Mr Turner, how is he?
As well as can be expected I suppose.
Well goodnight, Sir.
Goodnight to you, Bill replied, getting into his car and driving off. After Bill was out of sight of Tims house he got out his phone and called his home number. Julie, his wife, answered. He asked her to make sure the children were in the house and not to go out until he was home. By the tone in his voice Julie knew that this was not open to discussion. She replied, Sure, well all be here waiting for you.
Good, Bill said, I should be home in about forty-five minutes or so. I love you Julie, and the children, so very much.
I know darling, and we all love you too.
As he put the telephone down he made himself a promise to never cross this man North. Moments later Bills car phone rang and it was his wife Julie. Bill, darling, are you okay? You sound a little strange.
Julie, Im fine, I will explain all when I get home.

Chapter 2

Sue Young was sitting in a rundown bar in the wrong part of Bangkok, waiting for a contact to come. He said he would meet her here at 8pm, but it was now almost 8:30pm. She looked around the bar. There were two locals chatting and well on their way to being very drunk, and in the corner of the bar there were five working girls. It seemed to Sue that they were paying her a little more attention than she liked, but hey, so what? Shes been in worse places in her career. Shed chosen this particular table because she could see anyone coming in or leaving, and also she could cover the whole bar area in case of danger.
In the half hour she had been waiting Sue had counted ten tables, thirty-seven chairs, six lights, all with no shades, just bare bulbs. Out of the ten tables, only three were occupied. One had an old couple chatting, and the other two had tourists with working girls around them, playing their trade. Hanging from the ceiling were two large fans. Neither was working, making the bar very humid. The mixture of tobacco and cheap perfume coming from the girls was very pungent. 
Sue had decided she would give this contact another fifteen minutes more, then she would leave. It suddenly dawned on her that she could not remember his name, but she knew what it sounded like. Chow, Chi, Chen Cen. That was it, Cen. Glancing down at her glass she noticed it was empty. She raised it to the barman for another water. The barman nodded at her. Not that she was usually teetotal, but this is work. While she waited for the drink she started to re-examine the reason she was here. Well, I am the best reporter, I know thats my opinion, she thought. And the best reporters always get the best stories. Second, he had contacted her, or she believed it was him. Looking at her watch, then around the bar, Sue began to wonder if this was not just a big joke being played on her by a colleague. She hoped not. Thirdly, and most importantly, this was going to be her big break. The most sensational story she could write. In fact, this would be her Watergate. An interview with one of the worlds most wanted men. A man who is said to have been responsible for the deaths of family members from some of the most powerful men in the western world, and according to the source, there are still more deaths to come. 
Sue was still not sure if she was doing the right thing, for she had got as much information on this man as she could find and that was not a lot. In fact she knew more about the Prime Minister than this man. Having met with a former unit member who wished to remain anonymous, he had said that, no one knew how many people he had killed, but it ran into many hundreds. The former SAS man had not stayed long, but he did tell her that the picture the governments had painted was nowhere near the truth. He said, Shark, that was his SAS nickname, was in fact a loyal and trustworthy man, and should you be lucky enough to be accepted as his friend, then he would give his life gladly for you. Every man in the regiment that had served with him would not hesitate to fight alongside him again. The fact is, I would gladly fight alongside him right now if he asked me to. The guys a living legend. Youll see for yourself when you meet him.
The former SAS man leaned over the table, took a cold bottle of beer, put it to his lips and took two long draughts from the bottle. He replaced it on the table and got up and left. Sue never saw him again. Sue sat very still for some minutes, re-running all she had heard through her head, putting the words in some sort of order that she could later work with. As was her way with all her information about a potential story. It was her own way of filing and it worked for her. 
Cen had not shown and it was now 8:47pm. Time to go. Sue went to the bar and paid for her drinks. As she turned to leave she glanced at the five working girls. They seemed to be happy she was leaving. Less competition, she thought, as she walked out the door. Still thinking about the girls and the competition, she caught her reflection in the show window opposite and let out a short laugh. She was standing there with her blonde hair drawn back in a ponytail, dripping with sweat in her cargo shorts, t-shirt and with a less than ladylike pair of desert army boots. Some competition, she thought, and headed back to her hotel. She decided that a couple of cold beers and a cool shower were now the order of the day. 
She had walked for about five minutes when out from a doorway stepped Cen, just standing there wearing a stupid grin on his face. Cen was a typical Asian man. About 5ft4 tall with a slim, wiry physique and round face. In his broken English Cen said, Sorry for cloak and dagger Miss Young, had to make sure you alone.
I told you I would come alone, you should trust me more.
Not you I dont trust, it all others.
All right, so when can I get to meet him?
Soon, very soon. Follow me.
Sue fell in behind Cen as he set off, twisting and turning through the overcrowded built-up area. Some fifteen minutes or so later, and god knows how many left and right turns, they entered a rundown house. It appeared to be all one room. The floor was covered with some reed mats, the walls were bare, and just one light bulb hung from the ceiling, dirty and grubby. It was fighting a losing battle to give off much light. Cen indicated that she should sit. As she did so he put two bottles of water down on the mat he had taken from his bag. He checked outside then came back, sat down and opened a bottle of water and drank half of it straight down. He pointed at the other bottle, implying Sue should drink. She wanted to ask him more questions but knew it would do no good, so she took the second bottle, opened it and drank. A few minutes later she started to feel a little tired. Sue looked at her watch to see what the time was, but she found she could not focus on the hands, and by now was feeling a bit dizzy. It was then that she realised she had been drugged. Panic set in and she tried to get up and leave, but found she could not move. The last thing she remembered was falling. 
Sue Young opened her eyes, not sure exactly what had happened. She lay back and closed them again. She was feeling very groggy, trying desperately to clear her head and get a grip of what had happened. Sue felt that she was in no danger for now. She was not sure how she knew that, but she did. After taking a few moments to gather her senses she decided to get herself up and sort herself out. For one thing Cen was sure to get a mouthful when she saw him. Who the hell did he think he was, drugging her?
Sue laid back, waiting for her head to clear. She knew she had to have her full faculties about her. It took a few minutes before she felt that it was okay to get up. It was difficult, and she couldnt make out much in the gloom. The light bulb from earlier had clearly given up the ghost. As her eyes started to become accustomed to the lack of light it seemed to her that the room was smaller than when she had first entered it. Come to think of it she thought these walls are round in shape. Sue sat back down on to the mats. Okay, she said to herself, tell me what you see. Im sitting on reed mats in a room. There is not much light and it looks like the walls are made of mud. There was one opening, quite small, and at the opening hung a cloth. There was no form of light that she could see, no furniture. In fact not a stick, nothing at all. So, Im now in a small, round mud hut. But why? And where?
While Sue was pondering her situation she noticed that it seemed to be getting lighter outside. She would wait until it was light enough to leave and then she would go back to her hotel and try to make sense of all this. After that she would find Cen and let him have it full bore, no holds barred. 
She sat and waited for the sun to rise still further. There was something else that concerned her. The outside sounds seemed wrong. Where were the noisy cars, bikes, and people? Yes, thats it. Thats whats missing; the day to day sounds of life. Her first thought was she must be outside the city somewhere, and now she was starting to become concerned for her safety. Deciding it was light enough to leave, she crawled through the small opening and straightened up way too quickly. She immediately felt faint. She put her hand on the mud wall to help keep herself upright. It took a few seconds for her to stop feeling faint enough and look around. In truth her head was moving back and forth so fast it looked like she was watching a tennis match. As she became conscious of that she stopped moving her head from side to side, deciding to take five paces forward and she turned a full circle slowly, and took in all that she saw and heard. 
The first thing that caught her eye was the two crude chairs to the left of the hut opening. After completing her circle she went and sat down, and once again she asked herself to describe what she had just seen. Well, she thought, lets start with the hut. It was just like one she had seen in an old Tarzan film once; mud walls, palm leaves for a roof. She chuckled to herself. So this must make me Jane. The two chairs were made of wood tied together with some sort of vine, and that was it for manmade objects. In front of her was a small clearing and around this was nothing but trees and leaves of all shapes and sizes. Some were a stunning shade of green, while others were a drab green, but all in all it was green. It occurred to Sue that she had never seen so many different shades of green. She could also hear animal noises, but had no idea what they were. Sitting there for about ten minutes, absorbing her new surroundings, reality kicked in. She now realised she had no idea where she was or how long she had been there. She had no water and no food, and no way of protecting herself. Putting her head in both hands she stayed like this for some time. Sue was thinking to herself, how did I allow myself to get into this situation? Alone and lost, her single minded pursuit of the story had led her into some bad places and situations, but nothing like this. Why, she thought, why? She raised her head and took a deep breath, giving herself a mental kick up the backside. Sue had never been one for feeling sorry for herself, and she wasnt about the start now. 
Sue decided she must form a plan to get out of here and back to Bangkok. But before Sue could start to get a plan sorted in her head she heard a noise. The sound was very faint, but she was sure it was human. Her attitude now changed instantly from feeling sorry for herself, to full alertness. Her senses were now working overtime. She had involuntarily slowed her breathing and for the first time could smell the jungle around her. Her most keen sense was her hearing as she wanted to try and pick up the sounds that she heard a moment ago. Turning her head slowly, she strained her ears to listen. There it was again! She listened intently, and yes, it was human, but not a language she knew. Taking in what she had heard, Sue tried to work out what language it was, but was unable to place it. All she knew was that it was not English. Having worked in many countries she did have a good smattering of languages, but nothing like this. The next thing that shot into her head was; were they friendly voices? If not this could get ugly very quickly. A single woman lost and alone, she knew what would happen; rape then death. Both of which she had heard of while reporting in Africa. She looked and found a fairly good piece of wood that would serve as some sort of club. 
Then she heard the voices again, this time much closer. She jumped up and moved to the middle of the clearing, not sure of which direction the voices were coming from. Her makeshift club was held like a baseball player waiting for the pitch and she hardly dared to move of breathe. To her surprise a voice came from behind her. Sue spin around and waited. Suddenly the voice turned into English. She could still not see anyone, but she was sure she was facing the voice. Then she heard it again. It was clear as a bell and it said her name. 
Miss Young, I see youre awake. How are you feeling? Well I hope.
Come out and show yourself! she replied, her voice was pitched higher and with more panic than she would have liked, but it was out now. Without any sound the image of a man started to come through the foliage. Straight away she knew who he was. Captain Matt North. Apparently one of the worlds most elusive and wanted men. Sue had never seen the man before, but by the descriptions she had been given it could only be him. As she watched he just faded out of the jungle foliage, soundless. It seemed quite eerie to Sue that such a large man could move so silently. As he entered the clearing right behind him came an extremely large, grey wolf. It stopped alongside him and for a few moments neither Sue nor North spoke. Sue decided to describe to herself the man she was looking at. He was around 6ft3 tall with the physique of a boxer. He was broad shouldered and narrow at the hips with thick, dark blonde hair, short at the sides and combed front to back. His skin was tanned and he had chiselled good looks. But by far the most striking thing about his face was his stunning blue eyes. She had never seen anything like them before. The phrase ice on fire sprang to mind. He was dressed in a jungle combat shirt rolled up at the sleeves, green khaki trousers with army boots. He wore no watch or jewellery that she could see. What she could not fail to notice was the two pistols; one under each arm in a double shoulder holster. The black, menacing grips jutting out. She also saw a large knife on his right hip. So the large grey wolf that was rumoured to be with him was true, as it was right there in front of her. 
He hadnt taken his eyes off her. Ice cold blue eyes, unblinking, and thin lips gave him a menacing expression. Sue thought to herself, no matter what Ive heard about him, he is good-looking. She must have said her thoughts out loud because his eyes seemed to warm and a smile started to form. As it grew across his face, a set of pure white teeth appeared. Within seconds he had transformed from a cold, hard killer, into a warm and welcoming, long lost friend. As he walked towards her Sue took a half step back and firmed her grip on her club. His eyes went from hers to the club, then back again. Matt put out his hand in a handshake gesture and waited. Sue looked at his big hand, then at the club. She gave him a silly grin and tossed the club away. At that moment she had never felt so stupid in her life. There she was, four feet from what was reputed to be the worlds most feared killer. Sue slightly cocked her head and with a small shrug of a shoulders she said, Sorry, and smiled weakly. Sue was also becoming aware of the fact that she wasnt afraid anymore, even though she should be. 
Its customary to give ones name when introducing oneself.
Oh, yes right, sorry, Sue Young, she said, gripping his right hand. Sue shook it. He was still smiling.
North Matt North and this is Wolf he replied.
Dont you use the Captain anymore?
No, not since I retired. I prefer it that way. I know you probably have a thousand and one questions to ask, but may I suggest we eat and drink first?
Sounds good. Wheres the menu? 
This comment made him smile. A big, broad smile that shed heard so much about. 
If you can see it you can eat it. Please take your pick.
Is that true?
No, not really. You can eat a lot of what you see if you know what youre looking for, but personally I would rather have what they're eating.
Who are they? she asked, her head going from side to side but not seeing anyone. Theres no one there.
Yes there is, you just cant see them. I have some native friends who will look after you while you are here in their part of the jungle.
Okay then, as you have chosen the time and place its only fair that you choose the food.
Good choice. Ill go and place your order.
As he got up and headed for the edge of the clearing Sue called, Ill have an order of fries on the side.
I dont know about that, will fried tree grubs do?
You can forget the fries and Ill take a rain check on the grubs.
As he disappeared into the jungle Sue again noticed he moved without a sound. Moments later she heard muttered voices, then he returned back into the clearing. 
Take a seat, he said, then sat himself in the chair. It creaked slightly under his weight, then Wolf went and lay next to him, just like a normal house dog would. 
I believe that you are interested in writing about me, or so Ive heard.
Yes, I am. If I get past this interview. Sue smiled in a friendly fashion. 
If I didnt think you were up to it then you wouldnt be here. So while were waiting, why dont we start with what you think you know about me and go from there?
It seems as good a place as any to start, but Id rather start at the beginning.
Before Sue could start asking any questions a voice from the jungle called out. Matt went to the clearing edge, stepped into the dense foliage and moments later returned with a sort of wooden tray. On it were two palm leaves, on which was some meat and what seemed like vegetables. Also on the tray was a large slab of meat. After handing Sue one of the palms he gave the slab of meat to Wolf, who instantly started to tear it apart and gulp it down. By the time he had returned to his seat with his food Wolf had finished the meat and let out a loud belch. Matt looked at Wolf and said, Manners, Wolf, manners. We have a guest with us. Wolf looked up at him, and with an almost human shrug of his shoulders laid back down again. Matt shook his head and smiled. Sue immediately knew that there was a special bond between them, one far greater than just friendship. Having finished the meal she put the empty palm down and took up a flask of water. Without thinking she emptied the entire contents, not realising just how thirsty she was. Leaning back in the chair she felt good for the first time. 
That was great, what kind of meat was that? 
He turned to her and gave her one of those you dont want to know looks. 
Okay, okay, dont tell me, but it was very nice all the same, and it seems that your wolf enjoyed his as well.
Just to set the record straight, Wolf is not mine. I dont own him any more than he owns me. He is free to come and go as he pleases.
You know, I thought the wolf thing was rubbish, just part of the myth and legend, but I seem to have been proved wrong.
I dont think it will be the last time. There are many misconceptions about me. I hope youve come with an open mind.
I have heard some really bad things, and some really good things.
I dont doubt that for one moment.
So, have I passed the interview, and if so, when can we start?
Yes, and any time you wish.
Before I start, can you tell me where we are and why I was drugged?
Our whereabouts for the moment will remain secret. Things will become clearer in time. As for the drugging, it was necessary. Its best that you are unaware of where you are.
Well that sort of clears that up. One more thing, do you have my backpack? 
Its in the back of the hut. Wolf, would you kindly retrieve Sues backpack?
Wolf disappeared into the hut. Moments later he returned with her pack. Sue opened it and started checking the contents, looking for her digital Dictaphone. 
If youre looking for any electrical devices that you may have had, they were removed and disposed of back in Bangkok, but I have brought along another Dictaphone that you may use. I had to be sure that youre not able to be tracked. Im sure youll understand. He took a digital recorder from his top pocket and gave it to her. 
This comes with rules; I will not answer any questions that may put others in danger, or any state secrets. Im not at war with any government or the world, just those who had a hand in the murder of my two sons. Do we have an understanding, Miss Young?
Yes, and please call me Sue. If I ask the wrong type of question tell me and I will either rephrase it or forget it altogether, is that okay?
Sounds good to me.
Sue paused for a moment before beginning, trying to make sure she worded her first question correctly. In her experience it is vital to get the first few questions right because this would set the tone of the interview.
Whats it like to know that the whole world wants you dead?
The world doesnt want me dead, just a very small part of it. In fact, most of the world doesnt even know I exist.
Okay, Sue conceded, but people still want to kill you. Do you know why your sons deaths and the others that you have killed have always been attributed to Al Qaeda terrorists?
Simple really, none of the governments would like the truth to come out, and I believe it will stay that way. Many things are done by western governments that are blamed on terrorists, its very convenient to do so. You would be surprised if only you knew the truth.
I take it youre not going to tell me about that? 
Thats correct. As I said, this comes with rules.
Doesnt it bother you that people are trying to kill you?
It concerns me, but doesnt bother me. People have been trying to kill me all my life, so its perfectly normal to me.
I would have thought that it was only since you joined the SAS
He chuckled, No, ever since the day I was born people have been trying to kill me.
Oh come on, I was told that you dont exaggerate.
Im not. Its true. I did not agree to this just to fill you with lies. Everything I tell you will be the truth. I have nothing to gain by lying.
I was told that as well. So, what age were you when the first attempt was made on your life?
The first attempt on my life was when I was twenty-six hours and forty-seven minutes old. 
Sue gave a short laugh, and while laughing she said, Youre kidding, right?
No, Im not.
For the first time that she could remember she stuttered a reply, Who, what, why when?! Sue stopped herself, put both her hands palm up as if she was warding off something. She took a deep breath, giving herself a momentary pause so she could take this extraordinary statement on board and give a sensible reply. 
Sorry, not very professional. Would you please tell me more about this incident and how it happened?
Just to set the record straight, Matt North is my English name, but not my first name. Its the one on my British birth certificate and English is not my first language. My first language is German and my German name is Varrior von-Hall. When you say this in English it comes over as Warrior from Hell due to the way the vowels are pronounced when taken from German to English. My mother had a strange sense of humour, but somehow it turned out to be a very appropriate name for me. To understand the reason an attempt was made on my life at such an early age, you have to know about life before I was born, and something of my parents and grandparents.
If we are going that far back before you were born I take it this is going to take longer than a couple of days?
I was thinking of around three weeks. If thats not agreeable then I see no point continuing.
Sue was thinking quickly. This whole story could be over before it had begun. Three weeks were not what she was originally thinking, but as she had always said, the story comes first, no matter what. 
If I had known I would have packed some more underwear, she joked. 
Doesnt concern me, I dont wear any. So lets begin. Germany had lost the war, the Nazis had been defeated but not beaten. The Nazi view of the Aryan race and pure bloods still lived on for some people. These were not Nazis, but they still believed in some of their values and the highest of all of these was to keep the blood lines pure. My grandmother was one of these. Teutonics was the name they were known by. My grandfather was not one of these, he had been through both wars and just wanted to get back to normal, making money and enjoying life.
I take it your grandfather ran his own business, like a shop or something like that? she turned to look at him and she found he was grinning from ear to ear and chuckling away.
Are you laughing at me? Its not polite to make fun of people.
No, not at you particularly. Its just that I have realised how little you know about me and my family.
Well, replied Sue in a very indignant tone, youre not the easiest person to get information on.
Its the nature of my business, but I apologise, bad manners on my part.
No problem, I believe you were discussing your grandfather.
Yes, thats right. Grandfather Hines and his shop, he smiled broadly. Sue threw him a stern look and then she smiled.
Okay, so it was obviously bigger than a shop.
Have you ever heard of a company called the Gross Hart Organisation?
No, not to my knowledge. Should I have?
Maybe and maybe not. Its one of the largest organisations in the world. It probably owns shares in the biggest companies that you would know, like BP Shell, Coca-Cola, Ford and VW, plus numerous others. Well, thats what Grandfather Hines started. The von Halls are a rich, powerful and well-connected family in Germany, even before the two wars they were.
Matts Grandfather Hines was not so hung up on class distinction like his wife Ingrid. There was uproar when Matts mother, Lisa, fell in love with an English solider. All hell broke loose in the family, and after many arguments which culminated in a huge row between Lisa and her mother, Lisa left home and took a room in Spandau where Matts father was based. Hines was away on business and would not be back for another week. It was while staying there that Matt was conceived. When Hines returned, he and Albert went to see Lisa and convinced her to return. It was while she was back at home that Matts father got posted back to the UK, and in time met his wife. When the family found out she was pregnant they wanted her to have an abortion, but she refused. In her mind he was going to be her little piece of George North, and no one was going to take that from her. 
She must have been a very brave woman to have a baby out of wedlock in those days. I imagine it couldnt have been easy for her.
The family was enraged. Mum told me that three men from the family tried to take her forcibly to have an abortion, but unfortunately for them Albert was there and convinced them that trying to do this would not be a very good idea, and it would be an even worse idea should they try to return.
How did he manage to do that? Sue asked. 
In ways that only Albert could. You see, you do not cross Albert Steiner. I dont think there is a man alive today could claim to have done that, not to my knowledge anyway.
I take it that this Albert was an employee of your grandfather and a friend of your mother? Judging by what you have said here he must be a pretty scary character. Im guessing a huge bodyguard type of person.
Albert and my grandfather had been friends for a very long time. Youre right about the body guard, but wrong about his size. Albert was head of security, but to look at the two of them together you would have thought that my grandfather was the bodyguard rather than the other way around. Grandfather Hines was a huge man, around 6ft10 tall, and about twenty stone. Albert was 5ft6 and about ten stone. But as the old saying goes, you should never judge a book by its cover.
Albert was a highly skilled killer. I learned a lot from him. Like my grandfather, Albert was no Nazi, but he would kill anybody he had to and no questions asked. Albert would have gladly given his life to save Grandfather Hines if necessary.
Thats true dedication, Sue replied. 
Not really. Grandfather Hines would do the same. Their friendship and dedication to each other was founded in the trenches of World War I, which is where they met. I remember Albert telling me about the day they first met. Both men gladly volunteered to go to war with their heads filled with glory and honour, romanticising about how it would be, but there is nothing romantic about war. Not in real life anyway.

Chapter 3

Albert had been in a German attack which had pushed the allies back no more than a few hundred metres, but as was normal in World War I, allies soon counter attacked. Alberts platoon found itself isolated in one of the forward trenches, fighting at times hand to hand with the attacking French soldiers who were now rolling up the trenches. 
What do you mean rolling up the trenches? asked Sue. 
Its a military expression used which means when an attacking side makes it into an enemy trench they had to clear it of any enemy soldiers. This is done by using hand grenades, pistols and bayonets. Its a harsh and brutal way of warfare, but hand to hand fighting always is. Its hard to understand unless youve done it yourself.
The French were rolling along the trench system, throwing grenades, shooting and stabbing with their long bayonets. Albert and his platoon had been slowly retreating under the constant onslaught. One by one they were being killed and the French kept coming. Soon there was only Albert and two others left and running low on ammunition and energy they carried on fighting. Suddenly there was a large blast really close to Albert, who was thrown back against the trench wall. He slid down and sat there completely winded with no way of protecting himself. The other two had been killed. The blast had temporarily made Albert deaf, although he did not need his hearing to know the French were coming, and there seemed nothing he could do about it. He started to rise when he saw them come around the corner of the trench. The blood lust was clear in their eyes. He reached into his tunic and pulled out his small penknife. Barely able to stand, he raised the knife, preparing to fight. He was going to die fighting. 
The first French soldier approached very cautiously, but when he realised Albert was alone and only armed with a small knife to defend himself he grinned. That look a hunter has when he has his prey at his mercy. Albert waited for the shot to be fire, then he knew the bayonets would come next. He thought of Eva, his girl at home, and how she would cry when she got the news of his death. Who would she marry now, he thought? Not him, thats for sure. 
He was dragged back to reality by the click from the French soldiers rifle out of ammunition. What an amateur, Albert thought, you should always know how much ammunition you have. The French soldier let out a scream and charged forward. Albert readied himself and waited for the bayonet to pierce his body. At that moment he saw a huge, dark figure appear from his left side. The French are everywhere, he thought. Then, just as the bayonet was about to strike him there was a flash of steel and the sound of metal hitting metal. The bayonet was deflected up, missing Alberts head by inches and burying itself into the side of the muddy trench wall. The blade flashed again and the French soldier screamed in pain and fell to the bottom of the trench, clutching his face. At the same time the giant figure started rapidly firing his pistol and charged forward. Albert, with what strength he had left, grabbed the French soldiers rifle from the trench wall and charged after the giant figure. The sheer ferocity of the huge mans attack had sent the French soldiers in full retreat back along the trench. Albert rounded the corner and saw this giant German soldier standing there facing the retreating French. It was then that he heard the mans battle cry above all the noise around, Come and fight with this dog! he roared, and his huge fist crashed into his chest, daring them to attack again. 
The sound of Albert coming around the corner made the giant spin around far quicker than Albert thought he could. For a second or two they stared at each other. Albert could see that death was still in his eyes. He had seen this many times before. Men attacking and killing their own side while consumed with blood lust. Then the giant started to smile, as the blood lust evaporated from his eyes. He walked towards Albert, extending his hand.
Hines von Hall.
Albert Steiner, he replied, and they shook hands. 
Albert stepped back and fell against the trench wall, his mind not able to focus. It was then that he put his hand inside his tunic. Upon removing it he saw it was covered in blood. It was the first time that he knew he had been shot. Staggering again, he tried to maintain his balance, but this time Hines was there to steady him. He opened Alberts tunic and raised his shirt. There was a wound in his lower abdomen. Hines took a bandage and using some of Alberts shirt, covered and tightly bound the wound. It was then that they both heard men coming from behind them. Hines grabbed his sabre and Albert raised his rifle unsteadily, but he was ready to fight. Then they heard German voices and a squad of German soldiers came into view around the corner of the trench. Before anyone could say a word Hines shouted, Get this man to a medic right now. 
Albert felt himself being lifted and carried along the trench. He must have passed out because the next thing he remembered was laying on a stretcher and being put into an ambulance. The smell of surgical spirit, rotting human flesh and pus, along with the screaming of men under the knife and others crying out for their mothers, would stay with him for the rest of his life. As he waited he heard Hines voice again asking where he was. An orderly pointed towards Albert as they brought Hines over to him. 
Hello Albert, hows the pain?
All Albert could do was nod his head.
Make sure you keep a good eye on him, Hines told the orderly.
There are lots of wounded men, why should I keep an eye on this one? What makes him so special?
He is my friend, replied Hines, and because I have told you to.
Do you think any of that means a shit to me? You need to give me something better than that. Ill take that sword youre wearing, Albert thought, when I get out of here pal, Im going to find you and kick the shit out of you, just see if I dont. 
I have something better than that, Hines replied. 
Once again Albert saw the giant man move with incredible speed, grabbing the orderly and smashing his head against the inside of the ambulance and forcing it down to look at Albert. 
The gift Im going to give you is your life. If he dies, you die.
The orderly was then unceremoniously tossed out of the ambulance and into the muddy road. As he got up four more orderlies started to move towards Hines, itching for a fight. 
Youre for it now mate, one of them said. Hines looked all five of them up and down and shouted, Stand to attention when you are addressing an officer of the Kaisers army!
The whole first aid area went quiet. Everyone was watching Hines and the orderlies. Some started placing bets on the outcome, I said stand to attention!
None of them moved, then one of the orderlies said, Officer my arse, lets get him lads.
The orderly took two steps when a single shot rang out and he fell face first into the mud. The other four stopped in their tracks.
Dont make me say it again, Hines snapped. 
All four jumped to attention. Hines walked up to the orderly he had first spoken to and placed the hot barrel of his pistol on the mans forehead, and just stared into the orderlys eyes for what seemed like an age. Then Hines said, Remember, if he dies, so do you.
Just then the splashing, squelching sound of lots of boots and a raised voice shouted. Captain von Hall, is everything all right? We heard shooting a moment ago.
The officer looked down at the figure face down in the muddy road, then back at Hines. Before he could speak a sergeant stepped forward and said, This orderly tried to attack the officer, Sir. He fired only in self-defence. 
The officer looked sceptical but the code of the day meant he could not put an ordinary soldier above a brother officer. Hines turned to the sergeant, Have this mess cleaned up Sergeant.
Yes, Sir, the sergeant replied, and ordered some men to remove the body straight away. 
Now, get this ambulance moving to the hospital now, he ordered. Hines turned and headed back to his unit. Albert made himself a promise that when he was out of hospital he would find Captain von Hall and return the favour.
It took nearly two months for Albert to fully recover and to be assigned fit for duty. While in hospital he tracked down Hines and his army unit and applied for a post. They were now fighting on the Somme and had been at the front for three weeks. Albert reported to his new company and then set about looking for Hines. It was around midnight when he finally found the forward trench position that Hines was supposed to be in. After some small talk with a soldier he learned that Hines had led a scouting party out into No Mans Land and was in fact twenty minutes overdue, although its quite normal for scouting parties to go two or three hours overdue. So Albert made himself as comfortable as he could and waited. He must have nodded off because he was awoken by machine gun fire. Then flares were shot into the sky, lighting up both the front lines. Nervous soldiers on both sides opened fire, fearing an attack from the other. It was twenty minutes or more before it all started to quieten down again. Albert asked after Hines to see if he had returned. The sentry said he had no idea, but he told Albert to go to the command bunker, they might know when or if he had returned. 
Before Albert got to the command bunker he was informed by a sergeant that some of the scouting party hard returned but not all, and was directed to their dugout. He went to talk to the men who had returned. As he entered the dugout the smell of the men hit him. A strong aroma of sweat, blood and human waste. At least one of them had fouled himself. There was no shame in that, Albert thought. Only people who have never experienced war would think that, but not him. He had been at war now for nearly three years, and was well versed in death and fear, even though he was still only eighteen. 
Albert looked around the dugout. It seemed strangely familiar. God, he said to himself, how many of these have I been in over the last few years? Nothing changes; wooden bunks, four high, damp bedding with the smell of stale beer and cigarettes. He looked down at the men sitting at the well-worn wooden table. All had a beer in front of them and were smoking. Two of them were shaking uncontrollably. Must be new boys, he thought. Albert asked, Are you the scouting party that went out with Captain von Hall? No one said anything, they just stared back at him so he repeated the question. Still no answers. More drastic action was needed, he felt, so stepping forward Albert slapped the nearest soldier hard across the face. The sound of the slap echoed around the dugout. The pain of the slap got the soldiers attention. Some of the other soldiers started to move towards Albert with a menacing look on their faces, but Albert had no patience for them. Before they knew what was happening, all were staring down the barrel of the pistol he held in his right hand. In his left hand he held a stick grenade. They all stopped, their focus going from Alberts mean looking face to the two weapons. 
There was a momentary stand-off before Albert spoke, My patience is at an end. Where is Captain von Hall? 
Still no one spoke. 
I will count to three, and there will not be a four. If I do not get an answer by then I will start shooting. Have I made myself perfectly clear? Alberts face had gone dark red, his lips were now just a thin line on his face, his eyes narrowed giving him an insane look that left no one in any doubt that he would do what he said. One of the scouting party looked up and pointed out of the door and into No Mans Land. Everybodys gaze followed the pointing finger. Albert looked back at the soldier.
So he is in No Mans Land?
The soldier nodded. 
Is he alone?
Again the soldier nodded, and so did two of the others. 
Is he alive or dead? 
Wounded, they said, almost in unison. 
So you just left him there alone, is that what youre telling me? His voice had now taken on a menacing tone. No one spoke, they just stared blankly back at him. His face got even redder, and had twisted into a look of absolute fury. Cowards! he bellowed, lousy, poxy cowards!
Now the rage had taken over his whole body which started to shake uncontrollably. Every man in the dugout knew that to move or speak at this precise moment would mean certain death. The standoff seemed to last forever until a young lieutenant came in and broke the silence. 
Whats going on here? Speak up! Albert did not move for a few seconds, then spun around to face the young officer. The look on Alberts face made the officer take an involuntary step backwards. The fear was visible on his face and in his eyes. Albert returned the pistol to its holster, put the stick grenade back into the top of his boot pushing past the officer he said just one word, Cowards.
He left the dugout, putting his sniper rifle, Eva (named after his girlfriend), over his shoulder and started down the trench towards a ladder that led to No Mans Land. Leaving the officer and soldiers just staring at his back. As he put his foot on the ladder a sergeant shouted, Where the hell do you think youre going?
Im going to get Captain von Hall, Albert replied as he climbed the ladder. The sergeant was about to yell something else, but Albert turned and gave the NCO a look that said, dont and live, or do and you die, its your choice. The sergeant had seen many crazy fools and knew it was sometimes best to let them be. 
Albert continued over the top on his belly and started out into No Mans Land. He moved silently across the wet, slimy, muddy ground, passing corpses and other human remains. He was now in his element, senses fully alert, muscles tight as coiled springs, ready to react instantly to any danger. He was now a wild and dangerous animal, slowly moving from one shell hole to another looking for Hines. In one shell hole he found a wounded French soldier. Albert slit his throat and moved on without a sound. He was able to move silently over the ground because before the war he was an apprentice gamekeeper and had been hunting animals ever since he could remember. His father was a head gamekeeper and had taught him how to move soundlessly and track just about anything. Couple this with being an excellent marksman and an ability to kill without mercy, it made him a very dangerous man. 
Albert had been crawling around No Mans Land for nearly an hour in complete darkness when he finally found Hines. He was still alive, but wounded in both legs. Albert slid into the shell hole without Hines even knowing he was there. The shock on Hines face quickly change to relief at seeing Albert. 
Youre a long way from home, Hines said. Albert smiled at this remark, but not a smile that showed his teeth. The one thing that Albert hated about himself was his teeth, so he never showed them. He was the only person Hines knew who would smile without showing his teeth. 
Ive come to see how the other half live, Albert replied. 
They both chuckled. It seemed a strange thing to do in a muddy hole with death all around them, but they did it all the same. Suddenly Albert raised his hand to indicate to Hines to be quiet. Neither moved or made a sound for what seemed like an age. Alberts keen hearing had picked up a faint sound of movement somewhere in front of them. He raised himself to the top of the shell hole, slipping twice on the wet, muddy surface. As he lay there he saw them coming; a five man patrol of English soldiers. He knew they were English by the silhouettes of their helmets. Keeping low to the ground, the patrol was heading in their direction. He knew they had about five minutes before they would be discovered, so they had to move now while they still could, but this would be easier said than done with Hines injury. Albert slipped back down into the hole and spoke with Hines. They both agreed they had to move now back towards their own lines. Hines was under no illusion about how bad the trip was going to be. Pain and more pain, but thats better than death. 
Albert went first, turning when he got to the top of the shell hole, and lowered his rifle sling to help Hines. The sling was cold, wet and slippery with mud, but it was his only lifeline. Together they managed to get themselves up and out into the open in No Mans Land, and started the long crawl back to their own lines. Three minutes into their journey back the English patrol spotted them. Unable to open fire for fear of giving away their own position, they drew their bayonets and set off in pursuit. Now began the age old race, one that had been played out around the world since time began, to the winner; life, for the loser; death. 
It was clear that the English had the advantage and were gaining fast. Albert tried his best to help Hines, but his wounds were slowing them down too much. The outcome was inevitable. Hines stopped and whispered to Albert that he should leave him as he could easily make it alone. Albert stared at Hines for a few moments, then moved off into the darkness. Hines saw a strange look on Alberts face before he left, not yet knowing him that well he let it go. He moved slowly across the muddy, wet surface towards the German lines. As he crawled forward it dawned on Hines that money and power counted for nothing. Out here in No Mans Land all that really mattered was your true friends. Then he heard English voices and knew they were a lot closer than before. Having studied English for a year Hines had a reasonable understanding of the language. Like most people who have some knowledge of a foreign language, you tend to understand more than you speak. Not moving now, Hines held his breath and listened. 
He heard one of the English soldiers say, What do you mean they're both dead?
Thats right Serg, throats cut, the pair of them, another voice said. 
Albert, thought Hines. So he didnt leave after all. 
Are you sure? the sergeant whispered. 
Of course Im bloody sure, came the reply. 
Bollocks to this, the sergeant said, lets go back.
Im good with that, said another.
Okay, lets move and keep the bloody noise down unless you want to get your own throats cut.
Hines decided to wait a few minutes before setting off again. It was then that he saw Albert gliding across the muddy surface on his belly like a penguin on ice, with a knife gripped firmly between his teeth. Hines almost burst out laughing as he slid alongside him. 
Albert gave the grinning Hines a strange look, Wed better get a move on. There may be other patrols.
They both turned and headed for the German lines and safety. About twenty metres out from the German lines a nervous sentry opened fire and sent up a flare. Albert pulled Hines into the nearest shell hole as the entire front opened up on each other again. They had to wait for around fifteen minutes for it all to quieten down. Albert shouted back to the German trenches that they were coming in and if anyone fired a shot or sent up a flare he would cut off their cock and shove it up their arse. The two of them covered the last twenty metres without a hitch. Once in the trenches, stretcher bearers came and took Hines back to the first aid station. Albert never left his side, even under threat of court martial. He was going to see that the big man got the medical attention he needed. After that his future would be in the lap of the gods. 
Hines had been in hospital for less than five days when he was told there had been an incident between Albert and a junior medical officer. Apparently the officer wanted Albert removed from outside Hines hospital room, and he had refused to leave. This disobedience led the junior officer to strike Albert across the face, which in turn made Albert hit the officer, dropping him like a stone. Albert was arrested by six large MPs and taken to a field court martial. There he was sentenced to death by firing squad and sentence was to be carried out in one week. 
When Hines received the news he made some phone calls. Now, using his wealth and power, Hines got the sentencing judge General Gunter von Holst, to visit him at his hospital bed. Hines sat up and formally greeted the general. After the formal formalities had been completed it was down to business. 
Gunter, I have a man waiting the firing squad, one Albert Steiner, does the name ring any bells?
Strangely enough yes, he was the one who struck Lieutenant Grossman as I recall, and I myself passed sentence.
That was my understanding as well, but now I would request that you rescind the sentence and release him under my care.
The false laugh that came from Gunter was poorly done, and in fact Hines took it as an insult, and Hines was not a man to take an insult lightly. 
Cannot be done old friend. Sorry, but the sentence will be carried out as stated.
Hines face was completely passive. His only reply was, I see. His face now went from passive to cold, hard steel, his piercing blue eyes looked directly into Gunters.
I would have thought, being old friends, a request was all I needed, but now I see that its not so. You may take it as a demand, and not a request. 
With an indignant look Gunter raised his voice slightly and replied, It may have passed your notice, von Hall, but Im a general, and may I also remind you that you are merely a captain.
I want him assigned to me, under my charge, and it will be done today, is that clear, Gunter?
No, was all Gunter said, and he turned to leave.
A general you may be, but your family is heavily indebted to mine, you should remember that.
Gunter stopped just like he had walked into an invisible wall. He turned and spat out the words, Do not threaten me von Hall.
Its not a threat. I can make you bankrupt with one call. Your wife will be removed from my house and your children taken out of school and put on the street with their mother, plus I will freeze all your remaining assets.
Both men stared at each other. It was Gunter who spoke first, but all he could say was, You would not dare.
Hines had one of the best poker faces ever, Release him into my charge.
Gunters mouth opened and shut with nothing coming out, but his angry stare said it all. It was then that Hines played his trump card, If Im not mistaken there may be a place in one of my familys companies that I think would suit your eldest son Paul, when he finishes his education next year.
Hines softened his face, I think he would be a great asset. Better than sweeping the streets for a living.
Gunter exhaled through his nose, resigned to the fact that he had been out gunned and out manoeuvred, Okay Hines, just this once, and for gods sake try to control him.
Its a deal. Come have a drink, I have some of the best cognac here. Lets drink to cement the deal.
Both men now smiled, and with glasses filled they toasted the Kaiser and each other. Hines happy he had Albert back, and Gunter happy as he had narrowly avoided bankruptcy and disgrace, plus his eldest son now had a good job in a top company. Yes, he thought, today was a good day. Two more glasses of cognac later Gunter left. He had no idea why Hines wanted this man saved, but that was none of his affair. He went back to his office and signed the release papers and Albert reported back to Hines. 

Chapter 4

So you can see that was the start of their friendship, which last until they died. Albert was a great teacher. I learned so much from him. Most of the skills I have he taught me, like how to move silently and effortlessly. He also schooled me in the use of weapons such as pistols, rifles, knifes, explosives, plus hand to hand fighting. When it came to killing, there wasnt much he didnt know.
That seems a really strange and somewhat disturbing upbringing. Im curious, what did your mother think of this? asked Sue. 
She didnt like it at all at first, but it was one thing I really did excel at. The skills needed to use the weapons came very naturally to me. My head was never really in books, Im more of the outdoor type you might say.
What were the views of your grandparents? Did they agree with this?
As I mentioned, Grandmother Ingrid at best had no time for me, and cared even less, whereas Grandfather Hines enjoyed the sporting aspects, and the fact that I would be able to defend myself was admirable. He would have rather I had taken to the family business, but he also learned that I was not interested in that either, although he did teach me boxing and fencing; two very good skills to have.
Sue stifled a yawn and stretched, Sorry, but Im feeling rather tired right now. Would it be okay to take a rest?
Thats fine, lets take a break for a while.
Sue switched off the recorder and looked around, Can we go for a walk, or am I restricted to this clearing?
You can go anywhere you like, youre not a prisoner, but
Theres always a but, she replied with a smile. 
The but is that its easy to get lost, and there are some not so nice creatures out there. If you are unaware of them it could prove fatal, thats all. This isnt London. There is a stream with a small lake not far away, if you would like to go there its a great place to cool down.
Sounds good. I could really do with that right now.
The only reason I mentioned the danger is just that it really is dangerous for someone like yourself, who knows nothing about this place. It was not meant to scare you, just to make you aware.
He got up and headed for the edge of the clearing, with Wolf trotting alongside, both moving in complete unison. To Sue their movements were like two synchronised swimmers. The other thing she noticed, and not for the first time, was the complete lack of sound when they moved. His gait seemed more like the prowl of a large cat and he just floated across the ground. I wonder how much of that movement was taught, and how much was natural, she thought. And could he communicate with the wolf through thought? It seemed he knew what to do and when to do it without any voice commands at all. But as soon as she had thought this she dismissed it, and just put it down to them being together for so long. 
They walked for a while in silence, Sue listening to the sounds all around her, while taking in the scents and smells. 
How much further? she asked. 
Not long now, why?
Nothing really, just sweating like a pig back here.
Letting her catch up he handed her a flask of water. She gratefully took it, drinking long and deep. As she removed the flask from her mouth she let out a loud burp, Thats much better, I needed that. Passing the flask back and looking at him quite shyly she said, Sorry, not very ladylike.
He smiled, shook his head and then turned and started off again. They hadnt been walking long when she asked in a hopeful voice. 
Where are we actually?
In the jungle, came the reply. 
Yes, I know that, but which one?
This one, he said, chuckling to himself.
Okay, but which one is this one?
He and Wolf stopped and both turned to look at her, he said, Its the jungle of death, and he drew his knife. She had gone from an inquisitive cat to a frightened rabbit caught in the lights of an oncoming car. He then burst out laughing, turned and carried on walking, laughing all the way. She knew she had been done like a kipper. What made it worse was that she was sure that Wolf was also laughing at her. She felt her face flush red with anger and embarrassment. Sue stomped off after them, catching up with the pair at the end of the path, just before an opening onto the stream where she found him still chuckling away to himself.
Its not that funny, you know! she tried to look as dignified as she could, bearing in mind the way she looked. All her clothes were damp and her hair was dripping with sweat, plus could hardly remember the last time shed had a wash.
It was funny from this side of the fence, he said.
Hah hah, was all she could think of to say at that moment, but then added, not from this side of the fence.
He nodded and started to undress. In a minute he was completely naked and headed into the water, Wolf following. For a moment Sue was completely mesmerised by the sight of this large, bronzed fighter moving deeper into the water. He suddenly dived up and into the water, disappearing beneath the surface. Sue still had not moved. Wolf was playing in the water, cooling down by rolling around, making a sort of growl, but a growl of pleasure. Sue waited and waited. Where was he? It must have been a good five minutes, she thought. Then she saw him break the surface. First his forehead and face, followed by his broad shoulders and chest. His head shot back and flipped his thick blonde hair back. His face came down to look at her. There it was again, that smile, spread right across his warm, friendly face. 
The water is cool, do you want me to leave so you can swim? Its not a problem.
Sue replied, No, thats fine, I consider myself a reasonably modern woman and I think I can handle a bit of nudity.
Okay, fine by me, come on Wolf, Ill race you to the other side.
Wolf ran into the water, leaping as he went until it was deep enough to swim and set off for the other side. 
Thats cheating! he roared, and set off after him. Sue watched them head for the other bank then got undressed. She stopped at her bra and panties for a moment, then they were off. She went into the water, wading about waist deep, then dived under. The sensation was wonderful, the cold tingling water running over her hot, sweaty skin. At that moment there were fewer places in the world she would rather have been. 
Sue surfaced, took a deep breath and then sank slowly beneath the surface, swimming underwater before surfacing and starting to swim breaststroke across the stream. She paused half way across, contented with bobbing up and down in the water with just her head and shoulder showing. She took a few moments to cool down before starting back. Matt was already out of the water on the bank and half dressed, lacing up his boots. Sue called out, Not coming back in anymore?
No, not until the flesh eating piranhas have gone, he replied. At the word piranhas she flew out of the water and stopped in front of him, naked and dripping. 
Piranhas? You said nothing about piranhas!
Oh, sorry, I thought I did.
No you damn well didnt, she replied in a loud, angry voice, I could have been eaten alive!
Youve got to lighten up, he laughed. 
So there arent any piranhas in there?
No, and to my knowledge there has never been an attack on a living human to date. Youve been watching too many films, he chuckled. 
Sue picked up her clothes and walked down the bank to get dressed, still a bit angry but not sure why he had mentioned the piranhas or the jungle of death. Was it to scare her or just make fun of her? Only time would tell, but for now she would let it go. There was far more at stake than a bit of fun, of that she was sure. This man had so much he could tell, and she wanted to know all of it, even if it meant she had to put up with his wicked sense of humour. 
Its time we were heading back now, he said, and they walked back towards the clearing. Sue suddenly found that she was feeling a lot more tired than she had realised. She felt he sensed this as they headed back down the trail. As they entered the clearing Sue went into the hut and found there was a canvas army cot laid out with a sleeping bag and some water. To her surprise there was a washing kit which consisted of a toothbrush, paste, soap, deodorant and a hairbrush. She looked back, about to say thanks, but he just raised his hand and shook his head, indicating no need. 
Coffee or tea? he asked. The question threw Sue for a moment. She had not expected to find that sort of thing out here in the jungle. The confused look on her face told him that. 
Were not completely isolated out here, but it is a long way to the nearest Tesco. You take your coffee black I believe. Make yourself at home while I organise the drinks.
As he turned to go Sue asked, Whats the time right now?
Does it matter?
No, not really, she replied, and then he was gone. 
In the hut there was a large battery lamp. As it was now starting to get dark Sue turned it on. The sudden bright light made her squint. Finding the adjuster she turned the lamp down, the light made the inside of the hut seem very different giving it an eerie feeling. As she was pondering this he returned with a metal Stanley flash, and two metal mugs. He sat in the chair and Sue joined him. He offered her a steaming hot mug of black coffee. Sue took the mug and stared at it for a few seconds. She looked up at him, but before she could say what she wanted to, he spoke first, No, its not drugged, just coffee.
Sue thought for a moment before replying, Will you be drugging me again?
It took a few moments for him to answer, No, but the first time was necessary both for your protection and theirs.
Who are these mysterious people?
Its better for them that you dont know. You cannot give up information you dont have.
But I wouldnt tell anyone. I dont always write about everything I see or hear, you know.
His face had a small, short smile, like the one your dad had when he knew better than you.
Who do you think I would tell?
Its not who you would want to tell, but who would get the answers, with or without your permission.
Trust me, if I dont want to tell anyone I won't, wild horses couldnt drag it out of me. If you knew me better youd know that.
He let out a little chuckle, Are you really that nave to believe that? I know the sort of people who you will come into contact with, and I also know what sort of methods they will use.
Sue was slightly angry and also concerned at his answer. It made her reply come out in a slightly higher pitched voice than she had intended, Im a British citizen and Im going back to the UK, not some third world country in Africa or the Far East. We dont treat people like that in my country. I have heard stories of methods used in some of those countries, but I do not believe they are all true.
Maybe youre not as nave as I thought, but who do you think trained these people in these methods, and supplied them with the means to carry them out?
Sue said nothing and blew gently at the coffee. All the time her mind was racing, trying to take in what he had said. If what he had said was true she now wondered how much danger she was in, and what may happen upon her return. 
Will they torture me when, or if, I return?
You will return, and yes but not in the way you might think. First they will simply ask you, then if they dont get what they think is the truth they may use drugs. After that they will watch you and intercept all your calls and correspondence that you send and receive.
So they won't kill me then? This, from what you say, is completely normal?
No, for two reasons. Firstly they will consider that you may still have contact with me. Secondly, because they will be afraid you may expose them to the world.
Sue looked at her coffee before she spoke, So it appears I may have to put myself right in the firing line, so to speak.
His face remained completely passive. Taking a sip of coffee he replied, It certainly looks that way. 
He got up and turned to leave, You should get an early night. I would advise using the mosquito net. Good night. She watched as he disappeared into the darkness. 
Sue remained seated, rerunning the whole day in her head, putting it into some sort of order and now realising that this was going to be bigger and more complicated than she had first thought. But she was still determined to see it through to the end. To get the biggest story of her life, she said to herself. Sue fell asleep. The last thought she had in her head before she went to sleep was, dont those bloody creatures have an off switch?
Sue woke with a start. Still, even after all these years of waking up in strange place, she could never quite get used to it. She looked through the net and could see it was light. She was sure nothing had been moved in the hut. Throwing back the net and sitting up, she took a deep breath through her nose. It was then that the small of fresh coffee hit her. Black with two rounds of toast, was the first thing she thought.
Outside the hut, there on the ground, was the coffee with a green packet and a small tin on top. Next to that was a small army tin opener. These were distinctly army rations. On the tin it said bacon burger. On top of the other chair was a wooden bowl of water covered with a towel. This was for washing. Being hungrier than she had thought, she ate the food quickly then washed and cleaned her teeth. Sue sat back in the chair and waited. After yesterday she was not sure what today would hold. How long she had sat there she had no idea, but it must have been a while as her bum had now gone to sleep. 
Deciding not to frighten Sue, he whistled as he came into the clearing with Wolf at his side, Sleep well? he asked.
Yes, she replied, and you?
Good thanks,
Look, Sue said, About yesterday, that jungle of death thing and the piranhas, what was that really all about? Was it supposed to scare me?
No, just my sense of humour. If we are going to continue you will just have to get used to it. If not, we can just call it a day.
No, not at all, I want to continue if thats okay?
Sure, why not. It would be rude not to, his face broke into that huge smile. Relief flooded over her, having thought it had ended before it had really begun. 
More coffee?
Yes, thanks, she replied. 
Okay, as I recall we were about to discuss the first attempt on my life.
Thats right.
Twenty-six hours and forty-seven minutes into it, is what you said, I believe?
Thats right, so lets begin.

Chapter 5

As you can imagine, I had my own Nanny to help my mother. She took me to the family nursery to give my mother a break. All of what I know has come from her. The attempt on my life affected Albert and more so Eva, his wife. They were my only godparents. Lisa had asked them when she was eight months pregnant, and as they had no children of their own, both were delighted and honoured. 
Albert seemed to grow in size when Lisa had asked them to be godparents. She had to stifle a laugh because Albert was grinning from ear to ear, but without showing his teeth. She commented later that he looks like an imbecile in the nicest way. It was by far the silliest grin she had ever seen. They were both so very happy. Lisa even put Eva in charge of decorating the nursery.
Matt was rushed to his grandfathers medical labs situated only minutes away. Lisa spoke to the doctors but at the time no one knew what was causing the vomiting. Hines rushed in through the door, sweating, even though it was December and was freezing outside. He looked at his daughter, hoping for some news. She just shook her head and then burst into tears, Why me, Papa? Why my son?
He put his arm around her and tried to comfort her, I have the best doctors here. Im confident that they will find a solution.
You dont believe that Papa, do you? I know you dont.
Hines looked at the sickly grandson laying there. Turning back to his daughter he looked straight into her eyes, Yes, yes I do believe they will find an answer. Hines hated lying to his daughter, but at this particular moment it seemed necessary. Dr Willie Schmidt came back and motioned for Hines to move closer so he could talk to him out of his daughters earshot. 
No! she screamed, tell me what you have found! She repeated the request again. Schmidt looked at Hines who nodded for him to continue. 
We have done the blood tests and it would appear that the child has Zartanium poisoning.
Hines and his daughter looked at each other and then back at Schmidt, Zartanium? asked Hines, whats that?
Well, said Schmidt, well, its umerr complicated. Schmidt looked around for help, but all the others avoided his gaze, Itsumwell, its sort of 
At this point Hines exploded, For gods sake spit it out man, spit it out!
Schmidt took two fast steps backwards as Hines stepped towards him. Lisa threw her arms across his huge chest, Papa, this is not helping!
Schmidt looked up at the enraged giant. The fear was written on his face. Speak, was all Hines said. 
Schmidt swallowed hard before speaking, Zartanium is a poison that we have been working on for the military.
Why was I not informed about this, Schmidt?
You were, Sir. Its in the monthly reports.
Hines knew that he never read all the reports. To be honest he never really cared what they were doing, just as long as it was profitable.
Lisa turned to Schmidt and asked, You have an antidote. Nobody makes a poison without an antidote! 
Schmidt could not look her in the face, he just stared at the ground.
For the love of god, bellowed Hines.
Papa please, said Lisa, Dr Schmidt, how long will it take for you to find an antidote?
Im afraid it will take far long than your son has. Im sorry.
Lisa turned away and went back to her baby son. Looking at all of the technicians and researchers she pleaded, Can anyone else help? nobody answered. In fact they could not bring themselves to even look at her. Lisa started to cry. Turning to Schmidt she asked, How long does he have?
Schmidt replied, Thirty, maybe forty minutes at best.
Lisa looked at Schmidt and back at her son.
Get me every person working in the labs here now, Schmidt. Now! said Hines.
The intercom buzzed and a voice said, All personnel to report to the main lab now, no exceptions. Stop what you are doing and come now.
Lisa turned to another doctor and asked, How could my son have been poisoned?
The doctor replied, Possibly contamination. We dont really know as yet.
But surely you keep this sort of thing in sealed units or something?
Yes, he replied, we do.
The room was now filling with white coated technicians and researchers. Hines turned to Schmidt, Is this everybody?
Yes I think so, Sir.
You think? replied Hines in a threatening tone. Lisa spoke loudly so that everyone would be able to hear. 
My son has Zartanium poisoning and there is no antidote. Do any of you have any ideas that may help? He has about thirty minutes to live. It does not matter how wild or crazy they may seem.
There was no reply. Lisa just stared at blank faces, Please. Anything?
Then a young man hesitantly stepped forward, I have been working on something for a short while. I think it may help. But it is untried on humans; Ive only tried it on mice.
Schmidt snapped, Shut up Rudi, you know nothing. Youre not even a qualified doctor. Youre just a boy playing at being one.
Rudi stepped back.
No, said Lisa, come forward. Do you really think you can help?
Maybe, he said. 
Well, maybe is better than nothing.
Schmidt raised himself up, Tell us again what you have been testing your wonder formula on? he said in a very sarcastic voice, then laughed. Well? We are all waiting
Mice, said Rudi, just mice.
And did they all survive? Lisa asked in a hopeful voice. 
Not all. Around fifty percent did.
Schmidt mimicked Rudis voice, Up to fifty percent. He looked at his fellow doctors and shook his head. Most of them were doing the same. Unperturbed Lisa asked, So this is a possible antidote for Zartanium?
No, but Im sure it will work.
But its not an antidote? said Lisa. Her voice was heavy with disappointment. Hines heart went out to his daughter and grandson. He turned to Rudi, Right, it would appear that you are our only hope, so I would suggest you go and get your things and lets get started.
Rudi rushed off and was back within a minute. He looked at the bottle of serum, then at Hines and Lisa. Now his moment had come all his previous confidence was steadily ebbing away.
Rudi stuttered, Im not sure how much I should give him and this is all there is. What if its too much? What if its not enough? 
Before he could say another word, Lisa put her hand on his cheek, smiled and said, Rudi, just do your best. No one can ask for more. Not me or my son. She was looking at her son. Rudi put all the serum he had in the syringe, wiped the boys arm and took a deep breath. He injected the serum. As the needle pierced the boys skin he cried out. It was then that one of the doctors watching stepped forward and opened the babys mouth. 
Give me a magnifying glass, he said, and held out his hand. A glass was placed in it and he looked into the boys open mouth. 
What is it? Lisa asked. The doctor gave the glass to another for confirmation. Again Lisa asked, Whats the problem?
One moment please, he said. Turning to the other doctor he asked, Can you see that?
Yes, a hypodermic needle puncture, the other doctor agreed, this was how the poison was administered you can tell by the small, red swelling under the tongue.
What is it? demanded Lisa. 
The doctor who had first seen the mark explained, The poison was injected under the boys tongue.
Why? asked Lisa.
Assassin, he replied, an assassin.
Lisa looked at her father who for a moment was completely speechless. He repeated the word twice, and could not believe what he was saying. Lisa flung herself around her father and cried, Someone has tried to kill my baby boy! Why?
Hines was rigid, like a huge granite statue. He slowly moved Lisa away. His huge fist crashed down on the table next to him, almost breaking the legs and then the table flew across the room, smashing into glass containers and sending their contents over the floor. He grabbed Schmidt and bellowed, Get me Steiner now!
Lisa knew that when her father was like this you just kept out of his way. The baby boy cried and everybody stopped and looked. Even Hines. The cry seemed to have brought everybody back to the main reason they were here. A female nurse came forward and started to give out orders. The baby was whisked away and put into a monitoring room on twenty-four hour watch. 
Lisa asked, to no one in particular, Do you think he will be all right now?
We will see, said Schmidt. 
She then asked Rudi, Of those mice that survived, how long before you knew they would be all right?
Around twenty-four hours on average, but he is a lot bigger than a mouse.
He is a fighter, Rudi. A real fighter.
Im sure he is. Lets go to the monitoring room, and they both set off after the nurse. 
Hines went back to his office to wait for Albert. The rage was still there but at least he now had it under control. Albert was at home when he was informed by one of his security men and was given all the information to hand. 
Who was on duty today? he said, while putting on his coat and hat and heading for the door.
Gruber, Sir.
Tell him to be at my office when I get there.
The menace in his voice was unmistakable. The car door slammed shut and he sped away. Albert used the new car phone to call the lab and get an update. No change yet, he was informed. Next he called Hines to inform him he would be there very shortly. Replacing the receiver into the centre console. Albert shook his head. What will they think of next, he thought. The big Mercedes sped through the gates and passed the security guard on the barrier. He was not challenged as everybody by now knew what had happened. The Mercedes skid to a halt outside the front steps. Albert jumped out and went through the large glass doors, like a charging bull, taking the steps two at a time. When he came to Hines office door he walked straight in without knocking and went up to Hines, Any more news? he asked. 
No, nothing yet.
Albert turned and walked back and shut the door. Only Albert could open Hines office door without knocking. Even Lisa had to knock. Any idea who? asked Albert. 
No, not yet, but Im sure those poxy Teutonics had something to do with it.
Isnt Ingrid one of those damn fools?
Hines turned to Albert and shouted, Are you accusing my wife of this attempted murder? I suppose youll be thinking that Im a suspect as well? 
These words were spat out. Hines face was so close to Alberts that he had to wipe the spit from his face. Thats not what Im saying and you know that.
Hines face was a dark red and his eyes were bulging. Coupled with his bared teeth, he was a frightening sight to behold. Albert had not moved but had held eye to eye contact throughout the outburst. Both men now stared at each other. The big mans shoulders sagged and his face relaxed back to normal. Hines put out his right hand towards Albert. 
Sorry old friend, I didnt mean any of that.
Albert grasped the hand in a firm grip and replied, I know. Have you called the police yet?
No, Im trusting you to find the person or persons. Someone tried to kill my grandson and your godson, Albert. Whatever it takes, and I mean whatever, I want the culprit found.
I will not rest until that bastard is found, Hines, and thats a promise.
Hines nodded. He knew he had the best man for the job right here. If it was one thing Albert was very good at it was playing detective. He would get information by fair means or foul. 
Right, said Hines, where do we start?
Well lets get everybody from the house and the lab into one place. I would suggest the front lawn. And while they are there I will have my men search the work areas. I was informed that a hypodermic needle was used.
Thats correct, but we have hundreds of them here.
I know, but its a start.
Hines called Mrs Blut, his PA, and told her to get all the staff and employees on to the front lawn now, plus bring two coffees. Albert gave his men instructions to start the search. He walked over to the large window that looked out onto the front lawn. People were already congregating. He turned as Mrs Blut knocked and entered with the two coffees. She placed them on the desk and left without a word, as was her way. She had been employed for many years now and knew when to say nothing. 
Albert turned back to the window for a moment then took his coffee from the desk and drank it in one. Hines shook his head. All the years he and Albert had been together he had never seen him drink his coffee any other way. The man could drink molten lead, he was sure of it. 
Albert glanced around Hines office. He had never wanted one like this. His was a very simple, sparse, office. Only the things he needed in it, nothing more. Not even a photo of his wife, Eva. Hines office on the other hand, was full of expensive items. His oversized solid oak desk, the six oil paintings on the wall along with a huge tapestry, behind which was the safe that only Hines knew about. Even the chair cost more than most people made in a year. On his desk was a leather-bound jotter and a photo of his wife and daughter. Next to them were two gold fountain pens, and that ridiculous handmade ivory telephone. Albert slid his foot across the thick pile carpet in front of the desk. It was so deep that it covered the soles of his shoes. 
The telephone rang. Alberts head snapped round to look at Hines. Moments later Hines said Okay, we will be straight down. Albert sensed the urgency in his voice. 
Theyve found the hypodermic needle that was used to inject the poison, Hines told Albert. They both turned and went through the double doors at the same time. Albert led the way down the stairs and they both went onto the lawn. The entire staff and employees were there chatting in small groups. One of Alberts security men approached with a white cloth in his hand. He gave this to Hines and said a few brief words then returned to the group. Everybody was now looking at Hines and Albert. All conversation had ceased. Hines opened the cloth. Inside was a hypodermic needle. He stared at it for a moment then raised his head. Starting from left to right he looked at every single person there one by one. The atmosphere was very tense. Some dared not even breathe. Hines raised himself up to his full height before speaking. Who is the owner of locker twenty-two?
For a moment no one spoke, then a young girl stepped forwards.
Its mine, Sir.
He just stared at her, And who are you? he asked.
Zurner. Claudia Zurner, Sir. Trainee nanny. Claudia was physically shaking now, and by the tone of her voice she was close to tears. Hines hand shot forward, holding the white cloth with the hypodermic in it.
This was found in your locker. Its the hypodermic that was used to poison my grandson. What do you have to say, Miss Zurner? The accusation caused the girl to burst into tears. Did you try and kill my grandson? Hines voice was thick with accusation. In between bouts of crying Claudia pleaded her innocence and that she had no idea how it got into her locker. Hines cold, hard look never changed.
Where were you last night?
On duty, Sir. Looking after the baby.
Albert leaned forward and indicated that he wanted a word, Do you remember Kinski in the winter of 44? All was not as it seemed. Had we gone into that village we would have all been slaughtered. It was too easy then and I think this is the same now. Had she done the deed the last place you would put the only evidence is in your own locker.
You may be right, Hines replied.
Let me talk to her, Albert asked.
Go ahead, ask away.
Miss Zurner, you say you were on duty last night watching the baby. Did anyone else visit him?
Claudia had now stopped crying, but was still very distressed, Only Mr Hartman, Sir. He said he had a present for the baby and wanted to give it to him, as he had not had the time before because he had been on duty.
And you were there the whole time?
Yes Sir. Oh, except when Mr Hartman asked me to get him some coffee from the staff room.
And no one else came while you were on duty?
No Sir, not to my knowledge.
Thank you, Miss Zurner.
Albert ordered one of his men to go and find Hartman. He was sure that if anybody could shine some light on what happened last night, he could. Tobias Hartman was Alberts nephew and he had personally trained him. It was sometime before the guard returned. He had a strange look on his face. 
Did you find him? asked Albert. 
Yes and no, he replied. 
Hines fumed, Is it yes or no man, it cannot be both so what is it?
The guard looked from Hines to Albert and back again.
Out with it! snapped Albert. The guard explained that he had gone to Hartmans office and was told he had not been in today, so he called his rooms and the maid had answered. 
Get on with it man. 
Hines patience was now beginning to run out and everybody knew what that meant, including the guard, so he proceeded with more haste. He had asked for Hartman but she said she had no idea where he was, so he then asked if she knew when he would be back and she said it wouldnt be any time soon. The guard stopped and swallowed hard. Albert took half a step towards him and in a cold, menacing voice asked, Why? 
The maid had said she had overheard Mr Hartman booking a one way flight to Chile, and he had left late last night.
A loud gasp was heard. Hines was looking a bit confused, but Albert knew straight away that his trusted nephew was the culprit. Hines now realised the meaning of this information and he turned to look at Albert and say something, but stopped short. Alberts face had become a twisted and contorted like one of those grey gargoyle statues. It had turned a dark red and was getting darker by the second. His body was now shaking with rage and he had also bitten into his bottom lip, but felt nothing. Nothing but betrayal, stabbed in the back by his own blood. Hines went to put his arm around his old friend, but he shrugged it off. 
Poxy traitor, he said, spitting the words out. Blood and spittle ran down the front of Hines shirt. Poxy traitor! he said again. He raised his head up. His body stiffened and he turned slowly towards Mrs Blut, get me on the next flight to Chile, he barked. She had also known Albert for a long time, but had never seem him like this before, and it frightened her. 
Yes, Mr Steiner, she knew of his reputation, but put most of that down to exaggeration. Not anymore. 
Hines turned to one of Alberts men and ordered him to dismiss everybody and get them back to work. He was the only person who could approach Albert now. 
Come, lets go to my office. We need to make plans.
Alberts head snapped around for a moment. Hines thought it was like looking at a loaded gun. One that could go off at any second. 
Come old friend, lets go. 
Albert relaxed slightly and his shoulders sagged, I will deal with this Hines. That bastards going to suffer, I promise.
I know old friend, but we must make plans. He will be expecting you to follow him and he will be waiting.
Good, then he won't be hard to find,
Albert, think. Stop and think a moment.
Albert took two very deep breaths, exhaling through his nose. He nodded towards Hines. 
First we need to put a team together, then send them in via Venezuela, then overland to Chile.
I dont need a team. I will do this alone.
Youre not going, Albert. I need you here to protect my grandson.
No, he replied. 
Hines put both hands on his shoulders, I trust you and no other, they will try again, of that Im sure. I need you here to root them out before they can strike again. Send your best men, but you must stay here. You have protected me for many years now, but you must see this is the best for the boy he needs the best, and thats you.
At least Hines didnt blame Albert for his nephews deed. He agreed with Hines that he would stay and send his best men, while he dealt with the Teutonics. 
It took the team around five weeks to track down Hartman. They found him in a hotel room with a young woman. Two days later they found his body in the gutter. His throat had been cut and his eyes and heart were removed from his body. 

Chapter 6

Its rumoured that Albert has them in a jar in his desk.
Youre joking, right? said Sue.
Not at all. Its like I said, no one crosses Albert Steiner and lives.
That sounds like one sick and scary person.
Hes scary to some people, but a more loyal friend and better protector would be hard to find. I was proud to call him a friend.
Sue sat for a while, quietly thinking, taking and rearranging the information she had just been told. This was her way. It started to occur to her that this story was going to be far more complicated than she had first thought. She would not let this worry her now, but would file it in her mind.
After a few moments he turned to her and asked, Are you hungry or thirsty? Its been a while since youve eaten.
Yes, anything will do, thanks.
Getting up he went to the edge of the clearing and disappeared. Wolf stayed with Sue, although she had no idea why. What seemed at first to be very strange noises and smells were now becoming the norm. In fact, she was finding the jungle noises quite relaxing. Well, she thought, thats got to be the strangest start to anyones life she had ever heard of. Sue could see why this man was a bit strange. When one of your main role models in life has a jar with his nephews eyes and heart sitting on his desk, yet had no picture of his wife.
It was a while before Matt returned. The food was the same as before, but it tasted good to Sue, as did the water. In between eating and drinking, Sue asked, If your grandfather was as powerful and influential as you claim, then surely he must have had some kind of title?
Thats correct, he was a Count. Count von Hall, to be precise.
That must mean then, if you are the only male heir, you must now be Count von Hall?
Theres no mud on you, he chuckled.
Ive never met a full blown Count before, so I suppose I should call you Sir, or something?
No, just Matt will be fine.
Sue was thinking of how to ask her next question, running some scenarios through her mind and coming up with no easy way to ask, so instead she just blurted it out, Do you regret those killings? You know the ones I mean.
No. No more than their parents regretted killing my sons, and I take it you mean the offspring of the perpetrators who murdered my two sons? As for regret, any loss of life is regrettable, but sometimes necessary. The reasons they lost their lives was to serve a purpose. The purpose being that they, the parents, will now share my pain and anger at the loss.
Did it not occur to you that two wrongs dont make a right?
I would agree with that, but you see the people behind the murder of my sons believed what they were doing was right, and I believe that my retaliation was right. So you see, two rights can only make a right.
I cannot accept that. There are moral reasons and rules that have to be adhered to. You dont just make them up as you go along, or pick the ones you like and ignore the rest.
Why not? They do it all the time.
I dont believe that. I happen to believe in the law and the justice of our courts.
Okay, then how many people that I have named have been arrested and charged with the murder of my sons? Not one. And none of them ever will be. Thats just the way it is.
If they all had been arrested and charged, would that have stopped you doing what you did?
No, not at all. Nothing changes. As Granddad George always said, no one takes from me what Im not prepared to give. I was brought up believing that, and I still do. You see to me, sorry only makes the person saying it feel good, not the person its being said to, isnt that right, Wolf? His eyes moved up at the mention of his name, then he rested again.
Who is Granddad George?
My English granddad, he replied.
Did no one ever tell you that sarcasm is the lowest form of wit?
Yes, but its better than no wit at all.
Thats only your opinion.
Granddad George, now there was a man. Like Grandfather Hines he served in both wars, and was also a natural leader of men. He ended World War II as an RSM in the original SAS.
Judging by your size and build Im guessing he was also a giant man?
No, not in the sense that he was above average height. In fact, he was fairly tall for the time, but no giant. He was around 5ft11 and sixteen stone. He was still a big man. What he lacked in height and weight he more than made up for with power and speed, but he was most famed and feared for his ferocity in battle, which was unmatched, and at times uncontrollable.
Im intrigued to find out how you got in contact with your English grandparents when you were living in Germany. I mean there was no internet then and very few people had a telephone.
My mother was the one who made the initial contact with my dads mum, Alice. She wrote her a letter telling her about me and asked if she would like a photograph. It took a couple of weeks for her to reply, to which Alice said she would love to have some. So Mum sent them, and thats really how it started. It wasnt quite the surprise that you may think, as apparently one drunken night my father confessed that he believed he had a baby by a German girl, but had no idea where she was or the sex of the baby.
It must have been quite a shock for your father, a bolt from the past like that. It couldnt have been easy for him.
I imagine it wasnt. I do know he and his new wife was certainly not happy that Alice had kept in contact with my mother, and I believe was even more unhappy about the fact that I was now coming to London to visit them. I can remember it like it was yesterday; the smells, sounds and even the exact way they were dressed, down to the last button.
I heard that you had an exceptionally good memory and could recall events at will. Is that true?
Yes, my memory is classed as photographic. I can remember everything. For instance, I can take one look at a street map and its in my head forever. Sounds great, doesnt it? But there is a down side. I also remember all the bad things as well, which is a curse I have to live with.
I would love to have a memory like that, especially in my line of work. I couldnt think of anything better. That would be something else.
Really, its not all its cracked up to be, trust me. As a great man once said, for every up theres always a down.
Sue could see that her question about his memory had changed his attitude slightly, so she made a quick decision to go back to his grandparents, as he seemed far more comfortable talking about them. 
Can I ask why you use Grandfather for your German grandparents, and Granddad for your English ones?
Im not sure really. I think its because my German grandparent were upper class, and I know for sure that there is no way I could call Granddad George Grandfather, he just wouldnt have it. Any more questions or interruptions? he said, smiling.
Not for now, she smiled, maybe later.

Chapter 7

I was five when my mother and Albert took me to London. We travelled by train and it was a fantastic journey. We left Berlin at 10:21am and arrived in London Victoria at 11:37am the next day. I was to stay there for three weeks over the summer holidays. I love train journeys, always have. Its the best way to travel. The rocking motion of the train and the sound as it goes over the tracks. Even now I still love to put my head out the window.
Come on George, were going to be late. If I didnt know better Id say you were dragging your heels on purpose, said Alice. George let out a large sigh.
You know young George and Emma are not happy about this.
I dont care, George. Matt is as much our grandson as Ian.
I know, but it aint making it any easier.
Come on, we have to go please George, theyll be waiting.
As they walked to the car that was waiting outside their house, Alice saw Mr Brown and Mr Smith, Georges two bodyguards and friends. They had met in the last war having served together in the SAS. When the war was over they came to work for George. Both men we well over six feet tall and heavily built, always wearing their Crombie overcoats and trilby hats. No matter what the weather, it was always the same. Alice knew why they wore the long coats; to conceal any weapons they may or may not have. Alice thought, all these years I have known them and I still dont know their first names. 
If you dont get in well be late, said George. Alice gave him one of her looks, shook her head and got into the car. They moved off, turning right into Addington Road, heading for Bow Road. As they approached Alice could smell the stables. Bow Road Police Station was where some of the police horses were kept. George glared at the red brick building, having spent more than a few nights there in his youth. I hate coppers, he thought. Never yet met a good one.
They turned right and headed for Mile End and then the city. George and Alice had to be at London Victoria station by 11:15am, Alice had said. She liked to be early. Better to be an hour early than one minute late, she would always say. As they proceeded they passed a lot of Georges houses, as he would call them. They were pubs and clubs on the north side of the Thames, where he controlled the doors. George employed all the doormen on the north side. Only ever employing the best. These were hard men. The type that could handle themselves in a fight, and showed a certain amount of loyalty. 
They stopped outside London Victoria station and George and Alice got out and headed inside, while Mr Brown and Mr Smith parked the car. 
Before they drove off George turned to the two of them and said, Keep your eyes peeled, this aint our manner. Brown and Smith nodded and drove off. 
George, come on or we are going to be late!
Keep your hat on girl, for gods sake.
Alice gave him that look again. The station was crowded and noisy. The loud speaker rang out in a language that no one in any station anywhere in the world could understand. A couple of flower sellers came over to try and sell Alice a bunch of flowers, and would not take no for an answer. George walked up beside Alice and said. Piss off, then let out a low growl from somewhere deep in his throat. The sellers scarpered sharpish. 
Platform eleven is over there. You go and Ill wait for the lads to arrive.
Alice didnt reply. She was off at a fast walk in the opposite direction. She stopped long enough outside a shop to check her appearance in the window. Satisfied, she went on to platform eleven and waited. Five minutes later the train pulled in. She looked back for George but couldnt see him. The sound of the trains air breaks and doors opening made her turn back to the platform. The train was discharging its passengers like ants leaving their nest. Alice, at a mere five feet tall could not see very far. Where the bloody hell is the big man when you need him, she thought. Anyone looking at her might have been mistaken for thinking she was at Wimbledon, snapping her head from left to right quickly. Then she saw George with Mr Brown and Mr Smith, coming through the crowd like an ice breaker, forcing people out of the way. The relief on her face was evident. Now, she thought, wheres that grandson of mine? The crowd were pushing and shoving, as per normal, while they headed to the ticket collector at the end of the platform. Matt was walking between Lisa and Albert. All three were in the crowd being carried towards the ticket gate. Lisa handed the inspector their tickets and they were out into the stations main area. She squatted down so her eyes were at the same level as Matts. She adjusted his collar, check his shoes were clean and then ran her fingers through his hair from front to back. 
You are in England now, Varrior, so people will call you Matt. Remember that. We have been through this, do you understand?
Yes Mother, I know, he replied in German.
English! she snapped, English now we are here in the UK.
Sorry Mother, I forgot, he looked at the floor. Gently she put her hand under his chin and lifted.
Never drop your head or lower your eyes, its a sign of weakness, and we are not weak, she smiled.
Taking his hand, they headed into the station. There were people everywhere, but even through the crowd she spotted Alice. She waved vigorously and so did Lisa in return. Compared to his Grandmother Ingrid she looked fantastic. Alice was dressed in a black skirt and jacket with a cherry red blouse, shoes and lipstick to match. On her head was a small, black pillbox hat with a tiny black veil, held in place by a large hat pin with a big red cherry on the end of it, and the biggest smile hed ever seen. Lisa and Matt stepped forward. They both shook hands and formally introduced themselves. 
Matt. This is your Grandmother Alice.
No, not grandmother, that makes me sound so old. Id rather be called Nan, if thats okay with you, Lisa?
Nan it is then.
Alice and Lisa exchanged small talk. It was then that a young man dashed past the back of Lisa and snatched her handbag as he went. She let out a cry as the thief turned and smiled as he ran off. He didnt get far. Out from the crowd stepped George, grabbing the thief around the throat with a vice like grip, almost lifting him off his feet. 
Put it down, he growled. 
The bag hit the floor. Matt ran over and picked it up, Mr Brown, Mr Smith, take this piece of shit away and explain to him why its not a good idea to steal from me. George indicated towards the public toilets, Give the old boy a ten bob and tell him to go and get a cup of tea, and take his time about it.
The two of them took the hapless thief away. If he was having a bad day before, it had now just got a lot worse. The thief tried to struggle free, but had no chance with these two men. 
Whats your name, son? asked Mr Brown.
Driscoll, Joey Driscoll.
Well, Joey Driscoll, the more you struggle, the worse its going to be, so pack it in.
He stopped struggling, resigned to his fate. As they got to the toilet entrance Brown said to the toilet attendant, Heres ten bob, go and get yourself a cup of tea and take your time about it.
The old man took the note and looked at it, then at the young thief, Is that George North? he asked. Brown nodded. He turned and pulled the shutters across the entrance, Back in five minutes, he said. 
Make it ten, replied Brown. The old chap walked off. 
Watching all this from a distance were two policemen, one old and the other very young. He turned to the older officer, Should we not do something about the bag snatcher?
His colleague replied, We are doing something; were watching.
No, I mean should we not arrest him?
Let me explain something, son, the older officer replied in a fatherly fashion, we go over there and arrest him and two hours later hell be back on the streets stealing again. If we leave him to Georges boys it will be some time before he steals again. Trust me, son, this is the best way.
You know them two then?
Yeah, I do. Youll learn, son. Come on. Lets go and get a cuppa.
Alice could not stop apologising. Lisa said, Its okay, we have people like that in Berlin as well.
George came over and introduced himself. He then caught sight of Albert standing about twenty feet away. They both stared at each other, neither moving a muscle. George gave Albert the faintest of nods and he returned the gesture. 
Okay, said Lisa, its time to go, squatting down again and cupping his face with both her hands, she looked into her boys eyes, dont forget what I told you. Behave yourself and do as youre told.
Yes Mum, I will.
We will be back here in three weeks at the same time. Until then, I love you, then she left with Albert. Lisa was going to do some shopping and have lunch before they boarded the train. 
He watched them leave. When they were out of sight they all headed for the main exit. Alice was chatting all the way out. He was not fully listening until the word sweets was said. After that she had his full attention. 
They waited for the car. It was only then that he really got a good look at Granddad George. At nearly six feet tall, George was heavy set. In fact, in his overcoat he looked incredibly wide, with a cloth flat cap on top of his big, round head, and a flattened nose, thin lips and the most fearsome green eyes. He was dressed in a dark suit underneath his overcoat, with a blue tie and shiny black shoes. On his wrist was a large gold watch, but no rings. On his big hands he had a couple of scars. But what was most striking were his knuckles. They were set back more than normal. Matt later found out that this was from countless fights. 
George waited on the busy footpath. The man had a really menacing presence. People would sidestep to avoid him. He was like a huge boulder in the middle of a fast flowing river, forcing everything and everybody to go around him. Brown and Smith pulled up in the car and they headed off. Matt was fascinated with the sight of so many people and cars. Alice just did not stop talking, she was so excited. As for George, he never said a word, and nor did Brown or Smith. 
Nearly there, said Alice, this is Mile End. Theres the cinema, you can go there on Saturday mornings with Ian and his friends if you want to.
Really? You mean we can go to the movies? Wow, Ive never been to them without Mother before!
What? Never? replied Alice. 
Never! I cant wait! he said, with a big smile on his face. 
The car turned down Addington Road and they passed a pub, Alice said, There is Ian, outside The Addington Arms. Your dad must be inside.
Can I go and meet them? asked Matt.
Yes of course, but first lets go get you settled in and have a cup of tea.
Moments later they stopped outside Alices house. It was then that George spoke to Brown and Smith, Sorted? he asked them. They both nodded and drove off. 
Im going up to The Addington for a pint.
Can I come? asked Matt.
No, was all George said as he walked away.
He doesnt like me, does he Nan?
Of course he does, love. It just takes him a while to get used to new people. Come on, lets get you sorted out, then we can go and see your dad and Ian.
Fifteen minutes later they were walking up the road to the pub. Alice was introducing him to everyone they met. Ian was sitting outside with half a bottle of coke and eating a bag of crisps. 
Ian, this is your stepbrother.
Matt put out his hand and said, North Matt North, a pleasure to meet you.
Ian didnt move, he just sat there eating. 
Manners, said Alice, and with a mouth half full of crisps he replied,
All right mate, got any conkers?
Conkers? Whats conkers?
Ian started to explain and this seemed to break the ice between the two. By the time Alice returned with more coke and crisps, the two boys were happily playing football. Even though his dad knew he was there, he never came out of the pub. The Addington Arms was a typical London pub. Outside it hung a large sign swinging on a gallows bracket which moved slowly in the breeze, the windows were etched hallway up to stop anyone looking in, and the bar was full of smoke, which gave it a hazy look from the outside. 
A short while later some other boys came over and joined in the game. It wasnt long before a fight started. One of the boys pushed Matt, who in turn shoved him back.
Bastard! shouted the boy, as he rushed forwards with his fists raised. 
Matt reacted exactly as Albert had taught him, side stepping the rush and tripping the boy. He hit the wall as he fell. Now the other three boys came forward in defence of their friend. As the first boy came within range, Matt punched him square on the nose. He fell back onto his backside, blood flowing freely from his nose. This made the other two hesitate. Matt didnt though. He stepped in closer and struck one boy in the eye, and caught the other with two blows to the head. The first boy had recovered and attacked him from behind. Matt spun round in time to block another blow, and hit him hard in the face. The boy staggered back, then regrouped with his friends. 
Matt now followed Alberts rules when fighting; if there is more than one enemy always try to keep them to your front. All four now moved forward.
George, you should see this! That boy of yours is a real scrapper, said one of the drinkers in the bar. 
George moved to the window and watched as the boys closed in. Then under his breath he muttered, Hard and fast, take the fight to them, and as if hed given Matt the cue, he struck out his arms, pumping like little pistons. After the shock of the initial attack the boys fought back, throwing punches and kicks of their own. Matt was taking some hits, but nothing seemed to faze him. One of the four fell back holding his eye. The other boys were shouting and cursing, but not one word was said by Matt. From behind the glass a group had now formed to watch the fight. Unknown to George he was making all the moves that his grandson should make. A fierce punch to the jaw dropped the smaller lad to the ground. This caused Matt to stumble forwards into the hands of the larger boy. With both hands on Matts coat, stepping back was not an option.
Gotcha, said the big lad through bloody lips.
Nut em! said George out loud, nut em.
Matts forehead smashed into the big lads face. The sound of cartilage and bone breaking made the rest of the boys stop and look. The big lad let go of Matt and stepped back four or five paces, his eyes streaming with tears. The others all stood looking at him, bloodied and beaten. The big lad stared at Matt with the front of his blonde hair red with the big lads blood. The only damage Matt seemed to have sustained was a small trickle of blood coming from his nose, which stopped as he watched. Who is this new kid standing there, his arms slightly out in front of him, firsts clenched ready to continue the fight? It was his eyes that were the most frightening to the big lad. Ice cold and deep blue. The small gang turned and ran. 
Bleeding hell, youre a good fighter, said Ian. Matt shrugged his shoulders and sat back down.
When can we play conkers? he asked. 
Later.
Back in the pub, one of the watching men said to George, That boys a scrapper, George, a real scrapper.
That put a small smile on Georges face as he went back to the bar. 
What did you expect? Hes a North, aint he?
Alice returned from the toilet, totally unaware of what had happened. 
Whats cheered you up?
Nothing.
Get out of here. You look like the cat who got the cream.
George got two bottles of coke and crisps from the bar and took them outside. Alice smiled and slowly shook her head, with a quizzical, amused look on her face. Although it soon changed when she learned of what had happened. She was about to say something to George as he returned, but before she could say a word he got in first, Just boys doing what boys do.
She went outside to check on them, glad to see they were okay. Alice was happy at the thought that George had now accepted Matt. Her happiness was interrupted by the same old man who had called George over in the first place.
Youd better take a look at this, George, he called. 
George walked over to the window and watched as six teenagers approached. The lead one was carrying a knife. As he watched, Matt came into view with his coat wrapped around his left arm. George roared and ran for the door with Brown and Smith hot on his heels. His two big fists punched the doors open so violently that they later had to be repaired. The sudden sound of the doors crashing open stopped the teenagers in their tracks. 
George looked at all six. They were pretty much dressed in the same clothes; black leather jackets, jeans, boots and greased back hair with large quiffs. Rockers, not that it made any difference to George. The gang looked shell shocked. Instead of roughing up a couple of kids, they were now facing three big, angry men, with the front one emitting a low, angry growl through his gritted teeth. They all turned and ran. The one with the knife stopped, turned to the boys and shouted, It aint over you pair of little shits, before joining the rest. 
Matt.
Yes, Granddad?
Theres a time to fight, and a time not to fight. This was a time not to fight, do you understand?
Kind of.
George patted them both on the head and went back into the pub, Billy, you stay by that window and keep an eye out.
Will do, George.
Deny boy, do you know that lot?
Sort of, but nothing to worry about.
Im not, but I want to have a word with that kid with the knife. Think Ill be paying him a visit later, so find out where he lives.
You want me to do him?
No, just find where he lives.
Deny looked disappointed as he left the pub. A short while later Alice took the boys home. As they got to the front door the top sash window opened and a small bundle flew out. Ian caught it and shouted up, Thanks, Mr Headly.
Whats that? Matt asked. 
PG Tips cards. I collect them, he replied, and Mr Headly helps me.
As they entered the small terraced house Alice called out, put the kettle on Al, the boys are here.
The kitchen was at the back of the house, so you had to go through the small lounge to get to it.
You two wait here while I get you a drink.
Can we have a cream soda floater, Nan? called Ian.
It would be rude not to, replied Alice. 
Whats a cream soda floater? asked Matt.
Ice cream in lemonade. Theyre the best ever.
Al came into the room, You must be Matt.
He jumped up and shot out his hand, North, Matt North, pleased to meet you.
Al let out a short laugh, Oh, how very quaint. Well have to work on that accent of yours.
He looked back at her with a quizzical look on his young face, not really understanding her comment. This made Al smile; a big smile that lit up her whole face. She had a huge mop of auburn, curly hair which seemed to come to life as she laughed. Al was clearly Georges daughter. She was the female version of him. Their likeness facially was striking. They also shared the same broad shoulders and heavy arms, but Al also had a small waist and broad hips. But to Matt, her most striking feature was her freckles. She was covered in them, and as Matt looked down at her sandaled feet it seemed that she had freckles even between her toes, and like her dad she was also a fearsome fighter, and as he was to learn later, a lesbian. 
Taking his hand Al gently shook it, Pleasure to meet you Master North, she replied. Matt grinned back at her, Look Mum, hes got it.
Got what? came Alices reply. 
Our smile; the North smile.
Matt didnt really understand what the two women were talking about, but as the both of them had huge, beaming smiles on their faces, he figured it must be okay.
Al gave Matt a tour of the house and garden. To him it seemed very small compared to Grandmother Ingrids house. In fact, their dining room at home was bigger than this whole house. But the strangest thing to him was the outside WC. There was a cage on the side with a budgie in it. Ian said it could talk, but Matt was sceptical and said nothing.
One week later George entered the pub and walked up to the bar, Lou handed him his beer. Smith walked over and spoke to George. 
The old boy over there wants a word. 
Who is he? 
The Karzie King from the station last week. 
How did he get here? 
Dunno. 
Georges head turned slowly to look at the old man, he then walked over and sat down. 
Whats yer name? I you hear want a word? 
The old man stood and took off his cap, holding it front of him, Ben Thomas, Sir. 
First off Ben, I aint no sir, and second, sit down. 
Ben was trying hard not shake but failed. George watched as he gulped his beer down. He spotted a tattoo of an anchor on Bens hand. 
Navy man, Ben? 
Both wars. Chief Petty Officer. 
George nodded before calling over to Lou, Two more beers and a double rum chaser for Ben here. So, what is it you want to talk to me about, Ben? 
George always had time for old service men, Lou brought over the drinks and left them to it. 
Well, Ben? 
He looked around, scared to speak out loud then downed the rum chaser. 
Its like this, my youngest daughter is married to this complete arsehole, he beats her something fierce, and the kids. If I was thirty years younger Id do em, but I aint. 
George hated child beaters with a passion. 
So what do you want from me? 
Ben took the ten shilling note hed been given last week by Mr Brown, then took a savings book from his pocket and opened it for George to see, then closed it with the note inside. 
Its all Ive got, been saving for a holiday in Yarmouth with the wife, kids and the grandchildren as well, its yours if you can sort out that bastard. 
Ben slid the book over to George. He held Bens gaze then pushed it back. Ben looked shattered. 
Keep it, I dont want your money. This one will be my pleasure.
Ben had thought George was about to refuse to help, but George called over his two men, Brown and Smith. 
All four sat and chatted, Ben told them where he lived and where his daughter lived, he knew his son in law would be up the pub all night and would then return to beat the shit out of his daughter, but not tonight, no, not this night or any other again, he hoped. A good beating should sort that bastard out proper. Ben left to tell his wife to get the spare room ready as Jenny and the kids would be staying for the night. 
Later that night Brown, Smith and Deny were sat in the car outside a two up two down house, waiting for Bens son in law to return from the pub. It wasnt long before a drunken man staggered up to the door and banged on it. The door was opened by a small young girl who was shoved back inside almost immediately, and the door slammed shut behind them. Deny has seen his step dad come home many times in the same state and was looking forward to teaching this drunken bully a lesson. 
All three headed for the door. Deny picked the lock and stood guard while the two big men went in and up the stairs. With Brown leading the two men got to the landing silently. Brown heard pleading coming from the bedroom. 
Please Steve, not in front of the kids, please! he raised his hand to strike her as the children cowered in the corner. Bursting through the door, Brown caught his wrist and spun him round, punching him hard in the guts. Steve collapsed breathless on the floor. 
Youd best take the kids downstairs and wait in the car outside, we need to speak to him, said Brown, pointing to Steves crumpled figure on the floor. Then to Smiths surprise Brown took his hanky and gently wiped the womans mouth which was bleeding. 
Who are you? she asked.
Were from the child abuse agency, he smiled softly at Jenny, best be off now, and he ushered her and the kids out of the door still smiling. 
Mr Smith, would you mind? 
Smith escorted them down and out to the car. Steve had got his breath back and spoke. 
What have I done, what have I done wrong? 
Browns smile faded as he moved towards Steve. 
By the time Brown was finished Steve was unrecognisable. He wasnt moving and only barely breathing. Smith looked down and nodded before they left to take Jenny and the kids to Bens house.
Ben and his wife took the kids in and Jenny went to speak to the three men. She looked at Brown and said, Thanks, it gives the kids a break till he comes back. 
Brown had that soft smile on his face again, Hows the lip? 
Ill live. 
Smith knew his friend struggled with talking to women, and as far as he knew had not been with one for a long time, unlike himself who would sleep with a warthog if it paid him any attention, so he spoke for him. 
Why dont you come to the Addington Arms tomorrow night, we could do a foursome with my girl Carol? 
Brown spun round and stared at Smith.
Id love to, but Steve will be back by then and I wont be in any state to go anywhere. 
Well if he aint then youll come, agreed? 
Jenny smiled, Okay, but he will be. 
Smith went back and got into the car as Brown walked Jenny to the door. 
Mr Brown, do you have a first name? 
He looked at her, there was a hint of fear on his hard face as he said, I never use my first name. 
Oh okay, you dont have to tell me. 
He waited a moment, Peregrine. Now he waited for her to laugh. 
Jenny smiled, she could tell he was embarrassed, How about Perry, will that do? Brown nodded. 
Smith called to him, Me and Deny are going whoring, you coming? he knew Brown wouldnt. 
No, you two go ahead, Ill walk. 
Deny grinned, he liked whoring. 
Where to, Maizes place? asked Deny.
No, back to the house, Ive got some unfinished business there. 
Deny looked at him strangely but said nothing, he waited in the car as Smith went back in. Walking back up the stairs he found Steve awake but still in the same place, taking a pillow he forced it over his face and held it tight till he stopped moving then set fire to the place. Smith knew his friend really liked Jenny and would have no peace while the piece of shit was alive, and now he wasnt. A job well done, he thought, and he and Deny headed to Maizes place to celebrate.

Chapter 8

Matt was brought back to the present by Sue saying, There seems to be a problem with the Dictaphone. Its possibly the battery.
Thats the only one I have. Youll have to take notes. Anyway, thats enough for now. By the way, are you on any sort of time limit?
Well, I would like to be home for Christmas, she joked.
I think we can manage that. You up for a swim?
Sure, as long as the piranhas have gone.
He chuckled, Some people have no sense of humour.
Like the first time, he and Wolf led the way, both moving in unison like a pair of synchronised swimmers. As they approached the water he started to strip, but this time, as soon as his shirt hit the ground he sprinted into the water. Crashing through the shallows and with a giant leap he dived into the water, swimming for the opposite bank with long powerful strokes. Head and eyes focused on the far side, Wolf howled and shot after him. At first Sue thought there was a problem, but then realised that it was a race, and one Wolf was not going to win. How childish, she thought, but laughed all the same.
As soon as his feet touched the bottom he rose and sprinted the bank. Leaping in the air and laughing madly, he turned to the swimming Wolf who was not far behind him. Sue looked on in horror as Wolf bound out of the water straight at Matt with his lips curled back and his fangs drawn. Matt caught him in mid leap, but the force carried him back into the water. They both went under and when they surfaced he started splashing water into Wolfs face. He growled and turned back, heading for Sue. Matt was laughing so much she thought he was going to swallow himself, and she laughed as well. Wolf came out of the stream next to her and shook himself, covering her in water. Satisfied, he went and laid down.
Matt came out of the water and stood next to her. He looked at her wet clothes and then they looked at Wolf and laughed. Wolf replied by snorting from his nose, followed by a low growl, and then looked away. Sue was suddenly lifted up and found herself rushing towards the water. What followed was a short flight before she crashed into the stream. Being unprepared, the water went up her nose making her cough. Sue stood up quickly, glaring at him. 
Not funny. Not funny at all.
Looking at her with all the sincerity he could muster, he replied, It seems Leonardo da Vinci was right; humans cannot fly unaided. 
At this comment he fell about laughing. In fact he was laughing so much he was struggling to breathe.
Arsehole, she muttered, before dropping into the cool water. 
Sue stayed there for a while, enjoying the relaxing water. Getting out she saw that he had stripped off and put his clothes on branches to dry, so she did the same. She took a moment to look at his bronzed, naked body, and wondered if he knew just how excited she was. Laying naked next to him seemed so natural, but she didnt know why. Its not something she had ever done before.
Do you miss your old life? she asked.
No, not really. Not since the boys were killed, theres nothing back there for me now. 
Do you have any idea why they were targeted?
Yes, but that doesnt matter anymore. Revenge is all l want, and Ill have it. 
His manner had now changed from a happy, laughing man, to a cold hard killer. Sue knew she had to change the subject quickly. For now his sons were obviously off limit. Hed talk to her when he was ready. 
She watched the hurt slowly drain from his face, And whats this about some amazing healing powers?
I do seem to heal a lot faster than others. Do you remember Rudi? 
Yes, hes the one that gave you the antidote, said Sue.
Correct. Well, it was years later that I found out he had been working with lizards and other reptiles that can regenerate body parts. You know when a lizard loses its tail it can grow another exactly the same as the original? Well, it was that formula that was injected into me. 
And it works? asked Sue, who was looking very sceptical. 
Drawing his big knife he asked for her hand. Sue just looked at him, not moving at all.
If you want to see it in action then give me your hand, he said in a calm, soothing tone, just as your doctor would say it. 
Sue put out her hand, Will it hurt? 
A bit, he said. Gently taking her hand, he put the blade on her thumb, drawing the blade across it and making a small cut. Sue winced, then he did the same to himself. 
Now he wrapped the cut in a clean cloth and did the same to his. Matt looked deep into her eyes and held her gaze for a moment, Right, remove the cloth. Is yours still bleeding? 
Yes, she replied, and showed him. He then took the cloth from his cut and to Sues amazement the blood had stopped and had already scabbed over.
Come the morning this cut will be gone and the skin will have grown over it like new, he said. Sue was not sure whether to believe him or not, time would tell. To date he had not lied to her so why start now?
If what youre telling me is true then why have I never heard of such a cure? Surely it would be worth billions? 
You may well be right, but two days after I was given the drug there was an explosion in Rudis lab, killing him and destroying his research. Everything was lost. An accident? Maybe, who knows, and it seems that his secret died with him.
Have you never thought of having it checked out? You could help save thousands, if not millions of lives. 
Why should I? There were only two lives I was concerned about, and they're gone now, and as for money, I have more than I will ever need. I dont crave wealth and power. Had my sons lived, then things may have been different.
Without being too nosey, how do you fund yourself? I mean, all this cloak and dagger stuff, I imagine it doesnt come cheap.
Grandfather Hines had a lot of bank accounts, some going back many years. All in different names and passwords. There are some that his grandfather opened, and I have access to all of them. He had them written down in a small leather bound book. One evening he got me to read and memorise them all. He tested me for hours before he was satisfied that I knew them all, and later he burned the book.
How much do you think is in them?
Not sure as I have only looked at around half of them. The last time I looked there was about five billion US dollars, or there abouts.
Good god, really? How did he get so much without the authorities knowing?
He had his ways. In the Second World War he and Albert would raid every bank they came across, amassing a small fortune, and thats without his own personal family wealth.
Thats just outright stealing.
To the victor comes the spoil, and with the internet I can access most of them without ever going in the banks, its things like that that make having a good memory worthwhile.
Sue sat quietly, absorbing the information. The one thing she now knew was that he was not motivated by money, as he seemed to have more than enough, Will you ever stop killing? she asked.
No and yes. No because they will never stop trying to kill me, and yes when I have avenged the boys.
He looked at her face, Why so sad? he asked.
Im sad for your loss, sad for their loss, and most of all Im sad for you. This is no sort of life for someone like yourself. You have so much to give, but give nothing.
I didnt plan this, its just the hand Ive been dealt, and the one I must play until the end.
Until the end, she repeated, can we go now?
Sure, we will be moving to a new site tomorrow morning. Its about one days canoe ride. Its not safe to stay in one place too long.
Okay, Ill be ready.
They walked back towards the camp. He was slightly ahead of Sue. Turning, he smiled at her, and she smiled back. Suddenly he stopped and put his finger to his lips to indicate that she should not move or say a thing. Sue watched his face change from a smiling tour guide back to a cold, hard killer. She had not taken her eyes off him, but could not remember seeing him draw his guns. He was completely motionless with his nostrils flared, smelling the air and slowly turning his head while scanning the area. Sue dare not move and found that she was also holding her breath. Was this another joke? She wasnt sure. Then he slowly moved forward in complete silence. She knew enough to get off the path and into the undergrowth. Indicating that she should stay put, he disappeared into the jungle with Wolf. Sue now realised this was not a joke, it was the real thing. She wiped sweat from her face and found that her hand was shaking. The jungle noise seemed to be much louder. It felt like an age before Matt returned and crouched beside her. He whispered, Seven men, not locals or military poachers or bandits. We will let them pass.
At that moment two of the seven appeared on the path, chatting away as they went into the foliage. Matt whispered, From what they have said they are going to take a dump, the situation changed the moment the others found the camp and called to their comrades. Now their fate was in their own hands. The outcome depended on their skill at fighting, or running. 
Matt moved left, Wolf went right. The guy squatting against a tree never even saw the knife coming. His brain may have just had time to register it before it embedded itself in his skull. The second guy turned at the sound of the big knife thudding into the tree. A fatal mistake. Wolf leaped and tore his throat out in one swift movement. Now, moving at speed, Matt pulled the knife out of the mans head then set off as fast as he could while remaining undetected. The race was now on. He and Wolf had to get to the clearing before the others found their comrades and scattered into the jungle. Tracking five men in the dense undergrowth would be difficult and time consuming, plus he knew these types of people would have more men bring up the rear, carrying the camp, and he had no idea how many there were. 
As he and Wolf approached the clearing Wolf went to the right, disappearing into the foliage. About thirty metres out one of the poachers looked towards Matt. For a second or two he just looked without moving. This was to be his undoing, as Matt crashed into the clearing. The time for silence was over now. It was speed and accuracy that would count. The laid back poacher was the first to die, taking one round in the forehead. The man was dead before he hit the ground. The other four now reacted, splitting up, preparing their weapons as they went. They may not be Special Forces, but he could tell by the ease of their movements that they were very experienced. Another shot and another dead poacher. Two of the men had split off and gone behind the hut. The other one was lost to him for the moment.
Matt approached the hut with extreme caution. Sensing the missing man to his right, he dived back, just as a long burst from an AK47 ripped up the ground where he had just been, landing behind a fallen tree which was peppered with more rounds. Returning two shots into the jungle, he heard the man cry out, a hit, but how good he didnt know. Another burst told him not that good. Knowing that Wolf was near he sent three more rounds into the jungle to keep his attention. The scream told him that Wolf had found the missing fifth poacher. Five down, two to go. No time for caution now, moving like a lion hunting, he closed in on the hut. Five metres out, one of the men came around the hut, being taken completely by surprise. The last thing he had expected to find was a big, bronzed warrior just feet away. The surprise on his face changed to shock as a small 9mm hole appeared in the centre of his head. Six down, one to go. 
Rounding the hut at speed he found no one there, but heard the man crashing through the jungle, desperate to escape. Matt set off after him. He must not reach the others. And so began the age old race, to the winner; life, to the loser; death. The race that had been played out for millions of years all over the world. 
Bounding over fallen trees and ducking under low branches, he started to close the gap. Jumping over a small stream he sprinted up the slope. At the top, eighty metres away, was his prey. The poacher turned and fired a burst from the hip, then the dreaded dead mans click; out of ammo. The man just stared at his useless weapon for a moment, before throwing it down. He drew his long machete and charged, screaming some unrecognisable sound with his lips drawn back and eyes bulging. He sped towards death or glory. The first shot hit him in the shoulder, slowing down the charge. The second was centre mass, stopping him. He now just looked at his chest. The third went through the right eye, sending bone and brain into the jungle. The race was over. Wolf appeared and they both went to the clearing and dragged the bodies into the jungle before going back for Sue.
Have they gone? she asked.
Yes, they're gone.
How many were there?
Seven in all, but there are more behind them, maybe one day or less. We have to go now.
Surely when they get back they will tell the others.
Not unless one of them is a medium.
With a look of shock and horror on her face she replied, Youve killed all seven of them, havent you?
Had no choice.
Theres always a choice. You didnt have to kill them. They're human beings, just like us. They probably have families as well.
Had, he corrected her. She glared at him in disbelief. He was now cleaning his two pistols, reloading and holstering them, We should go now.
Go? Go where?
Up river. I have another place for us, turning, he headed down the track. 
You didnt have to kill them, she screamed at his back. Stopping, he looked at her for a moment before replying.
If I hadnt, and they had killed me, they would have then repeatedly raped you before killing you as well.
You dont know that, she replied angrily, almost spitting the words at him.
Yes, I do.
Sue was not convinced.
Look at it this way; many endangered animals will now be able to live a little longer.
It really doesnt bother you, does it?
Yes it bothers me, but there are times when you have to do things that may not seem right at the time, but thats life. Are you coming?
Sue remained fixed to the spot. 
Look, you came to me. If you want to go, thats fine. Its this way, turning back down the track he headed off. Sue waited for a few seconds then stomped after him.
After two hours of hard slogging they came to a river. Sue sat and watched as from under the bushes appeared a wooden canoe. On the back was a small motor. She could tell the canoe had been hand carved from one trunk and was not convinced about its ability to float. Wolf on the other hand had no such misgivings. He leaped into the front and settled down, ready for the trip. Matt got into the rear of the canoe and with two pulls of the cord the motor roared into life. With their things on board, he motions to her to get in, which she grudgingly did. 
Which direction would you like to go, upstream or downstream?
Where do they go to? she asked.
Upstream takes us to the new camp, downstream takes you back. The choice is yours.
Sue looked both ways, realising he was offering her a way back to normality but with no story. Up meant more danger, possibly more killings, but the story would be hers. Sometimes she hated her single mindedness and relentless pursuit of a story.
Upstream, but no more killing.
Cant promise that, but Ill do my best. Hows that?
Its a start, she replied. Matt throttled up the motor and the canoe moved away from the bank into deeper water. The first hour or so was travelled in complete silence. It was Sue who broke it.
Is murder really that easy for you?
A strong word, but it really depends which side of the fence youre on, he had a feeling this was going to be a long trip.
Have you always been so at ease with murder?
I was schooled in the art of fighting and killing from a very young age.
Sue realised she was still angry and needed to take it down a notch. Observe and record, she told herself. 
Taking a few moments, she asked, Who would teach a child to kill? 
Albert. It was one thing I was really good at. Do you think I would have made a good accountant? he smiled at this comment, look, Sue, remember this; one mans terrorist is anothers freedom fighter.
She was still not yet able to just let it go, Would you consider yourself a psychopath?
No, people like that gain pleasure from killing. Some even sexual satisfaction. No, I kill only when I have to. There have been many times when I have only incapacitated someone. Before she could reply he shouted, Hold tight, rough waters ahead.
Sue gripped the sides as the canoe bounced over the mud brown, choppy water, and then it smoothed out. 
Hungry?
Angry.
Well I am, so throw me over the rucksack, and could we drop this subject please?
Sue tossed it over her head without even looking. 
Nice throw. Play a lot of basketball? that flippant remark made Sue spin round so fast to look at him that the canoe rocked violently, easy tiger!
Sue watched him for a moment. He seemed completely at home in the canoe, standing at the tiller with his blonde hair blowing in the breeze, the open shirt flapping behind him, and on his face that huge smile. Silhouetted against the sky with the multi greens of the overhanging foliage on the banks, and mixed with the animal sounds, it could have been a great holiday scene in another time or place, but not at the moment. Sue turned back and looked at Wolf. He had not moved from the front of the canoe. He reminded her of a bear rug her granddad had in his lounge. Thinking about the old boy calmed her for a while. She quietly relived some memories she had of him. While she was side tracked, her right hand had slipped into the water. A sudden splash from the bow wave made her react by quickly pulling her hand out.
Piranhas? he asked, and started to chuckle. Sue stared at him angrily for a moment, and turned to face the front. Okay girl, looks like we need another talk, she said to herself. You signed up for the story of a lifetime, and it was you who chose to go upstream, so deal with it. Wolf turned his head to look at her, holding Sues gaze for a moment, then went back to laying down. Right, decision made, put it behind you and move on. 
The sky was just starting to darken when Matt said, Twenty minutes until we make camp. Sue nodded. 
You want some coffee and food when we stop, or are you still not angry?
Ha ha, was her reply, theres that lowest form of wit again.
Better than no wit at all, came his familiar reply. The canoe edged into the shallower water. 
Depends what side of the fence youre on, mimicked Sue. 
Touch.
You can be a sarcastic bitch, Sue Young, she thought. 
The canoe hit the muddy bank and ground to a slow halt. Wolf was out to scout the area. Sue stepped ashore and stretched and rubbed her sore legs. It was not the most comfortable of transport. Matt set up camp just out of sight from the river, then camouflaged the canoe. 
Hungry yet?
Yes, she said, okay, look, about earlier. Killing people is not the norm for me.
He just smiled and shrugged his big shoulders. I have a feeling your life story will take some time.
We do not have that amount of time, but what I will give you is a flavour of my life and hopefully you will understand me better.
Sounds good to me. Besides, theres always another time.
Lets hope so.
Sue watched him for a moment. There it was, the first sign of doubt. So you are human after all, she thought. 
Matt handed Sue a coffee and a plate of food, then opened an olive green tin for himself, Bacon burger. You can never have enough bacon burger, he smiled. 
Sue, having finished her food, was now back in full reporter mode, Your grandparents seem to have had a large influence on your life.
They did. More so my grandfathers. I would have killed anyone to protect them.
I suppose they would have done the same for you.
They both did.
Is anyone in your family not a killer?
With a feigned look of hurt he replied, I hope not, then winked at her. It made Sue smile and she didnt know why. You look tired, Matt offered, why dont we call it a day and I will tell you about it tomorrow?
Good plan, and Sue climbed into her sleeping bag and fell right asleep. Matt listened to her gentle snoring and Wolf came back, licking blood from his lips that was still fresh from catching his dinner. He laid down next to Matt, who scratched him absentmindedly behind the ears and whispered quietly to him, Think we got the right one? he smiled, lay back and closed his eyes. 

Chapter 9

Sue woke with a start. It took a few seconds for her to realise where she was.
Morning. Coffee?
Thanks.
The damp, humid air was thick with strange smells, all alien to Sue. After eating they loaded up the canoe with their things and themselves and set off upstream once again. The water lapped gently at the side of the canoe, and the slow, rhythmic beat from the motor was quite relaxing. But Sue had a story to get, and now that some sort of ground rules had been established things should go much smoother. 
So, you were going to tell me about your grandfathers.
Yes, I was. Well, it was a strange set of events that came together to cause the double killing. It was when we lived in Berlin. Mum had got a flat in Potsdamers Strasse, and was working for the British Army as a translator, all due to her having another row with her mother. She spoke many languages fluently, and loved to learn new ones. It was her passion in life. I think thats where I get it from.
So youre bilingual?
She made sure that I learned the main languages; English, Spanish, Arabic, Indian, Russian and Mandarin. But now I know many more. I still miss her so much.
So this all-consuming killing machine may be human after all, Sue thought, not for the first time. 
Lisa went out to the shops leaving young Matt asleep. She had to get some more things, as her father was coming over. She knew what that meant; him trying to convince her to come back to the main house. Even at the age of four Matt had a strange sense of danger. Not that he knew that at the time. He was woken by a knock on the door. Opening it he saw Mr Kiel from upstairs standing there, unshaven and dressed in clothes that looked like hed slept in them, and smelling of stale beer. 
Wheres your mum? sensing danger, he pushed the door shut, but Kiel shouldered it open, knocking the boy to the floor. 
Jumping up Matt shouted, Get out!!
Kiel said, Wheres the money?
Matt looked at the blue vase. Kiels eyes followed his. Matt rushed to get the vase but Kiel was faster, hitting the boy with the back of his hand and grabbing the vase. Matt threw himself at Kiel, but was met with a big fist, sending him over the sofa and knocking him out cold. The blood from the cut above his eye now ran over his face and into his mouth. 
Kiel glanced back at the motionless boy, and then he was out and away down the stairs, heading for the pub. Lisa and Hines pulled up in Hines big Mercedes. Albert and two of his men waited in the car. 
Hello Mr Kiel, said Lisa, but he walked past without even acknowledging her. Hines stared at the back of Kiel, about to say something. 
Come on Papa, Matt doesnt know youre here yet so lets not ruin the surprise.
They both headed up to the flat. Lisa went in while Hines waited outside to complete the surprise. 
Okay, where are you hiding? There was no sound. Lisa pushed the lounge door open. She saw her son and screamed, Matt! she rushed to his side. Hines, at the sound of the scream, came crashing through the door. The scene that awaited him stunned him. His grandson was laying there with blood all over his face. 
Matt, can you hear me? The boy slowly opened his good eye.
Easy Matt, easy. Who did this?
Mr Kiel. He took our money. I tried to stop him but I couldnt.
Its fine, my brave little warrior."
Hines rage was now becoming dangerously unstable. Moving back, he caught his sleeve on the door handle and it snapped. One mighty blow smashed the door to bits, sending it flying across the room. The noise brought Mr Brandt, the house master out. A small, balding man with probably the worlds worst comb over, and he was loud and liked to bully his tenants. 
What the hells going on here? Youll pay for that! he shouted. He said no more as a huge hand clamped around his throat. Hines lifted him off his feet.
Shout at my daughter again and Ill tear your throat out, and Hines sent him flying back the way he had come.
Do you know Kiel? 
Brandt was too shocked to answer. 
Kiel! Where is he?
The Blue Boar Pub.
Where is it?
Opposite.
Lisa, was Kiel the man who passed us on the street?
Yes Papa.
Get your things and get into the car. Youre both coming home as soon as I get back.
Hines headed out the door, treading on Brandts hand. He stifled a cry, not wanting to annoy the giant again. Taking the stairs two at a time Hines exited the apartments, eyes fixed firmly on The Blue Boar. 
Albert instinctively knew something was wrong.
Hines, whats happened? but Hines ignored him, taking his overcoat and jacket off, followed by his shirt. 
Just then Lisa came out carrying Matt. Albert took one look then shouted, Get me my Schmeisser. Bauer ran to the boot and retrieved Alberts gun.
You stay here, Bauer with me, and both men sprinted after Hines who had just entered the pub. 
KIEL! he roared. 
The room fell silent. Hines slowly scanned the pub, searching for his target. Stripped to the waist with fists clenched Hines looked an awesome sight. Kiel stood up and slowly finished off his bottle, never taking his eyes from Hines. Suddenly he smashed the bottle. Now he had a dangerous weapon. 
Twenty or so men had stood up at the sound of the breaking glass. 
We look after each other around here, mate. Right lads? The group roared in agreement. 
Albert and Bauer burst into the pub. Albert stood, legs splayed, in a typical German power stance. He was wearing his long, black leather coat, with his wide brimmed fedora pulled down. He looked a menacing sight. In an instant he assessed the situation. Swinging his Schmeisser around to face the mob, he roared, Anyone standing after I have counted to three will be shot. So says SS Oberstabsgrefreiter Albert Steiner.
The mob jeered, taking no notice. They were looking at life through beer goggles, Hines thought, an English saying he had heard once. Albert cocked the Schmeisser, and in an extremely menacing voice he said, One. Slowly the gun moved across the mob. 
Two. They all sat quickly. 
Not you, Kiel, growled Hines.
Kiels hand went out, Brother, I need your knife, and the steel blade glinted as it flew through the air on its way to Kiels hand. Now with a broken bottle in one hand and a knife in the other, Kiel felt quite confident about taking on the giant. 
Kiel studied Hines; big, but old and slow. A piece of cake!
Im gonna carve you up like two kilos of chopped liver, Hines moved forward. Kiel was waving the bottle and blade in front of him, waiting for the moment to strike. 
It never came. A size twelve boot in the groin put pay to that. Kiel went down, dropping his weapons and holding his smashed balls. Hines was on him like a hungry grizzly bear, smashing his big fists into Kiel, breaking rib bones, smashing his jaw and fracturing his skull with heavy punches. All he could see was his crying daughter and blood covered grandson. Kiel had stopped moving. Hines rose and left. Kiels younger brother was over him, holding his head. He turned and glared at Albert. It was no coincidence that Alberts Schmeisser was pointing straight at him, If anyone squeals to the police, I will return and cut their eyes out. Is that clear? No one said a word. Albert fired a short burst from his Schmeisser and roared, Is that clear? and everyone in the pub nodded, including the barman. They all returned to Hines house. It would not be the last time the familys paths would cross. 
Sue thought for a moment, So the Kiels are an important part of your life?
No, not important, but they may have played a big part in shaping the person I am now, the change in the tone of his voice told Sue that she was moving into off limits territory. They travelled for a while in silence, both wrapped in their own thoughts. 
How long are we going to be on this river?
About another day and a half, but we will be stopping for supplies and fuel.
Cant say Ive seen a BP or Shell garage lately, her comment lightened the mood, and set off a small smile on his face. Sue was starting to realise that so much of his life must be very difficult to relive, and decided to let him know that. 
Matt, I know a lot of what youre telling me is hard. Sometimes its good to get it off your chest though, so to speak.
Youre right, its not easy, but theres worse to come.
Sue was unsure what he meant by his last comment. Kiels death? Did Hines kill him because of what he had done?
No, Granddad George and Grandfather Hines killed Tanner.
Whos Tanner?
He was a headmaster in Wellington Way School.
Sue looked puzzled, Now youve really lost me.
Try to remember that a lot of my life is linked and intertwined, he seemed a lot more relaxed and easier going now. Sue was now starting to work out the best way to get the information she wanted. 
Three months after the incident with Kiel, Matt returned to England for the second time. Lisa had asked Alice to see if she could get Matt into Ians school to help his English speech. They all met at the same place as before but this time George was happy to come along. The last thing Lisa told him was to behave himself and do as he was told. There it was, Nan Alices big smile, just as he had remembered. No one could smile like her. 
No car today Matt, well take the tube.
Great! Whats that?
A train that goes underground.
Wow! Never been on one of those before, Nan,
The train approached the platform, pushing a vast amount of air ahead of it. One man lost his hat. Matt could not take his eyes from the tunnel, the sound of the train entering the platform was deafening but at the same time he was fascinated. 
After arriving home, Alice set about the mountain of work she had to do. No kitchen gadgets to help, everything was done by hand, and strangely enough she enjoyed the work. Most women hated housework, but Alice was not your normal East End girl. Far from it, she rarely ever swore or smoked, and as big and tough as George was, she could get her own way when she needed to. Matt was woken by the delicious smell of cooking bacon and could hear it sizzling in the pan.
Breakfast, Matt?
Yes please, thank you very much Nan.
Al shook her head, Just say thanks. Tonight we are going to do some work on your lingo.
Matt wasnt sure if he was being told off or not. 
Wellington Way School was a large red brick building with big wrought iron gates and a stone arch entrance. Mrs Bell came over to meet Alice.
You must be Matt, she said. 
Pleasure to meet you, he said, with his hand extended. 
Ian looked at him disapprovingly. Matt saw the look then changed his greeting, Alright?
Ian nodded, then they were both gone. 
Ill keep an eye on him, Alice.
Thanks June.
The day went well until the fire alarm went off. The whole school had to line up in the playground. Having never done this before, Matt asked Ian what was happening. As he was telling him Mr Tanner, the headmaster, appeared. He was a large man, overweight, balding and with a huge moustache and a very high pitched voice.
Are you talking, boys?
Ian looked at him, his face was full of fear, No, Sir.
Liar, Tanner put his cane under Ians chin, lifting it up. Matt stepped forward, pushing the cane away.
Get back in line, boy! he screamed in his high pitched voice, and used the cane to push him back. Matt shoved the cane away. 
Youll pay for that boy. Put out your hand.
Matt noticed the small amount of white spit at the sides of Tanners mouth. He then made the mistake of answering Tanner in German, No! What he didnt know was that Tanner had been in a prisoner of war camp. He had never forgiven them and hated Germans for what they had done to him, leaving a lasting mental scar. Tanners brain now took him back to those days and the torture he had suffered. 
What did you say, boy? and again Matt answered in German. Tanner grabbed a handful of Matts hair and brought the cane down onto his back. Not once, but eleven times before June Bell could get to him, all the time screaming, You dirty, stinking kraut!
Mr Tanner, stop for god sakes! Hes a child! Grabbing his arm she managed to stop the onslaught. Tanner stormed off. Mrs Bell took Matt away, Im so sorry. I dont know what came over him.
Ten minutes later the bell went for home time. Matt and Ian walked to Alices house. They were both staying the night. Emma was due to have another baby, so Ian was staying with Alice for a few days.
Okay boys, bath then tea. Whos first?
Alices bath was a tin one that hung on the wall outside until needed. Sitting in front of the fire it was now full of hot, steaming water. 
Right Matt, shirt and jumper off, lets go. Arms up. Alice pulled the two garments over his head, and what she saw made her gasp. His back was covered in wounds that were now bleeding again.
Matt, what happened? Who has done this? Where did it happen? her voice was a mixture of fear and anger. He was not sure which question to answer first, so Ian explained what had occurred. Matt thought she was going to explode. Her face was tense and her voice had a harsh tone to it. 
Put your shit on and come with me, you two, and she took both their hands and flew out of the door. 
Alice headed for The Addington. Matt and Ian had to run to keep up with her. She was muttering to herself the whole way there. Alice entered the pub like a storm. She sat Ian down and lifted Matt onto a table. George looked over.
Get them kids out of here.
Alice said nothing, then Sid Stevens, what Alice would call a hanger on, walked towards her. 
You heard. Get em out.
Piss off you piece of shit, she replied, her voice full of venom. Stevens raised his hand as if to hit her, George was on him like a hungry tiger, grabbing him by the throat in a vice like grip. Tables and chairs were scattered as he poised to strike.
No George, no! Stevens begged.
Leave that piece of shit, Alice shouted. The whole pub stopped to look at her. No one could ever remember her shouting. Some bastard called Tanner has stripped one of my boys. No one strips my boys, no one! Alices voice was now full of anger and rage. She wanted revenge and she was not going to stop until she got it. George let Stevens go and turned to his wife.
Easy girl, he tried to stroke her arms and she violently shrugged them off.
I want it dealt with now. I want him done proper.
Lou came over with a double brandy for Alice, Here, drink this.
She knocked it back in one.
Better?
Thanks Lou. Alice and Lou had been friends since childhood. In fact they were more like sisters. George had never seen her like this, and in one of his rare moments of tenderness he asked what had happened.
Matt, take your shirt off, Alice was next to him and turned him around. The whole pub gasped. George looked at his grandsons back. His manner changed, a low growl drifting up from somewhere deep inside him.
Tell your Granddad what happened, Matt.
As Matt told his grandfather what had happened, Georges face grew redder and the rage began to surface. People who knew him well moved away. They knew what he was capable of. Best not to get too close.
So let me get this straight, this bloke beat you with a cane?
Yes Granddad. I tried to fight back but he was too big.
Matt watched as Georges body started to twitch. He was also opening and closing his big fists while he was struggling to control his famous temper. 
Granddad, my English is pretty good, but I do not understand what he was shouting at me. He kept calling me a dirty stinking kraut.
George was now beginning to lose the battle with his temper. 
Im not dirty and I dont smell, and Im certainly not a cabbage. Whats it mean, Granddad?
George turned and walked back to the bar. The inner struggle was over, he had lost his and his temper had won. Spinning around with fists pulled back ready, and his face contorted in rage, he walked towards Matt, answering as he moved. 
Whats it mean? he roared. Alice slapped him hard across the face. 
You promised not in front of the boys, you promised, you promised! Alice shouted at him with tears running down her face. 
The distress in her voice had an instant effect on George. His big fists unclenched and his face softened. He stoop upright from his fighting stance. George looked around the bar and then at Alice. With an unseen before tenderness he cupped her face with both hands, Screwed up, girl. Broke me promise. He now looked like a child that had just been told off, Ill stand by our agreement and leave. Youre free to find another man, one that won't break his promise.
Alice placed both her hands over his, gently removing them. She looked into his eyes and she gave him a little smile, George North, why would I want another man? Youre all I ever wanted and there isnt another man thats half the man you are.
No one in the pub spoke, even Lou, who was never lost for words, stayed silent. Alice gently held Georges chin to make sure she had his full attention, Ive loved you from the first day we met. I knew what the five boys would have done to me if you hadnt come along and beat the crap out of them, and I knew you even got the one that ran for it.
How?
Shush, doesnt matter. I love you, you big grizzly bear.
A smile spread across his face, I love you too, china doll.
George now turned his attention back to Matt, To answer your question, son, the man that called you a dirty stinking kraut, he will experience more pain than he ever knew existed and then some. George turned to go to the toilet. 
Granddad, was that your fighting face?
I suppose you could call it that.
Grandfather Hines has one as well, and so do I, you want to see it?
Just as soon as I get back. 
He passed a group of lads and heard one of them say, Dont think thats gonna scare me.
George put his face inches from the lad and growled, It better had, shit head, and continued on. 
One of Alices friends who was a nurse came over. 
He needs to go to hospital and get that looked at.
No, too many questions Beth, Ill talk with Dr Hall tomorrow.
Beth sighed, Well at least let me clean the wounds.
Alice looked unsure but knew Beth was right, and also knew it would hurt.
Matt, Beth has to clean your back, but its gonna hurt.
George returned, Do you want to see my fighting face now Granddad?
With a chuckle and a smile George replied, Yea, go for it, son.
Matt turned away then spun around quickly, his face was now like a snarling, growling animal, his eyes narrowed and teeth bared. Most of the pub gasped, some women screamed. George was the only one smiling, Nice one son. Nice one.
Beth returned with a bottle of surgical spirit and a large bundle of cotton wool, This is all they have, her face wore an apologetic look.
Alice, is this gonna hurt? Really hurt? 
Alice nodded. Matt was now standing on the table, stripped to the waist with his mop of uncontrollable hair and his wounded back exposed. Lou smiled at him then spoke quietly to Alice. 
Whens he go back?
Just under two weeks, why?
Lou was trying to find the best words to use, but found none, You know theyll not heal by then?
Alice had not given it a second thought. Now she realised what Lou was saying and the truth hit home. The aroma of surgical spirit brought Alice back to the job in hand.
Im sorry, this is really going to hurt, son.
Matt just straightened his body, stuck out his chest and set his chin before replying, You cant hurt me.
Tough kid, said Beth. 
Lou ruffled his hair, The toughest kid in town, he is.
Beth started the gruelling process of cleaning Matts injuries. Intense pain ripped through his small body. Albert had taught him how to channel pain, and now he was using this technique to control the pain he was experiencing. 
Beth stopped and asked Alice, Doesnt he feel pain?
Just get on with it, snapped Alice. 
Matt was doing what Albert had taught him; open a box in your mind and fill it with the pain, and then shut it tight.
Nearly done, son, said Beth. 
Matts pain box was now at bursting point. Slowly he turned his head looking at his granddad. He could not show any weakness now. He would hold on no matter what. Beth finished and put the bottle behind her. Al was standing at the bar when she heard a young lad say, Cant have hurt that much, toughest kid in town my arse.
Al looked at Lou then walked over and picked up the wet cotton wool. Returning to the bar she winked at Lou. Without any warning her hand darted out, gripping the lads wrist. Lou slashed her ring across his hand, opening the skin. Al slapped the cotton wool on top of the cut. The lad screamed like a girl and was desperate to break free. Al held on to him for a moment longer before pushing him away, leaving him to whimper. 
That bloody hurt, Lou threw the cotton wool ball at him, wanker, she said, and they both burst out laughing. 
Nan, Id like to go home now, Matt said. George picked him up while Alice got Ian. Matt was struggling to keep the pain in and he knew he had but seconds before it broke free, the four of them left and just outside Matt buried his head in Georges broad chest. It hurts Granddad. It hurts, and he burst into tears. 
George put Matt down and crouched so he could look him in the eyes. 
North men dont cry. 
For gods sake George, hes only a boy, said Alice. 
Shut it, North men never cry. Are you a North man or not? 
Matt swallowed hard and fought back the tears until they stopped, then he wiped his eyes with the back of his hand. Matt stared back at his Granddad. 
Im a North man, Granddad. 
That you are, he smiled. Won't be a mo, left me baccy inside. 
Finding his tin, George put it in his pocket then headed straight for Stevens. He smashed him four times hard in the face, If I ever see you again Ill carve my name into your fucking heart, and with that George left. 
After dinner and a few board games it was bath and bed. Matt was awoken by the sound of Alice crying. Slowly and soundlessly he walked up to their bedroom door and listened, Its not fair, George. Its just not fair.
Ill talk to her. Im sure shell understand.
No she won't, and you know it.
Easy love, George put his arm around her. Alice shrugged it off. 
Lisa will never let him come again. Youve seen the scars, all because of that bastard Tanner.
Ill deal with him tomorrow.
Alice turned to face him, her eyes red from crying, And thats all you can do isnt it?
George looked hurt. He knew she was angry but what more could he do?
Sorry, I didnt mean that.
Just then there was a gentle knock on the door and Matt came in, You alright, Nan?
Alice wiped her eyes and smiled, Course I am, love.
Why were you crying?
Nothing love, it was nothing.
Matt thought for a moment. Even at his young age he knew all was not well and was sure it had something to do with Tanner, Nan, I shouldnt lie to Mum, should I?
No love.
So if she doesnt ask me if Mr Tanner hit me, its not a lie if I dont tell her, is it?
Alice smile as best she could while trying not to show him how upset she really was, Thats a nice idea Matt, but unfortunately your mum will see the scars on your back. Theyre gonna take months to heal, not weeks.
Thats alright Nan, theyll be gone tomorrow.
Its a nice thought, but unlikely.
No, look, and Matt removed his pyjama top, it doesnt hurt anymore either.
Alice was speechless as she studied his back. The scabs were almost gone and the lighter marks had seriously faded. George looked at Alice. She could see what he was about to say.
Dont even think about it, she knew he was a very superstitious man, how Matt? How does it work?
Dont know. Mum says I heal ten times faster than anyone she knows.
Alice saw hope. George put his feelings away for Alices sake. Smiling, she rubbed her hand over the scars, shaking her head in disbelief, Gawd blimey, youre freezing. Any room in this bed for a small one, Granddad?
Just, George replied, and Matt climbed in, snuggling in between the both of them. Minutes later the sound of gentle snoring could be heard, not from George, he had too much anger and rage inside him to sleep. 
* * *
The next morning, waiting in a car outside Willington Way School, was George, Al, Smith and Brown, all waiting for Tanner to arrive. It wasnt long before Tanner arrived. He chained his bike to the rails and went in. Giving him two minutes, George, Al, Brown and Smith followed. They were let in by one of Als friends and headed straight for Tanners office. Georges hob nailed boots echoed on the parquet floor. It could be heard throughout the school. Who the hell is making all that racket and ruining my new varnish, the caretaker thought. Whoever it is they're for it. Homing in on the sound he rounded the corner. He turned straight into their path and froze at the sight of the wall of flesh and muscle bearing down on him. Jumping back he watched as they passed. Nothing good is gonna come from this, he thought. The cleaner who had let them in spoke, Jim, we aint seen nothing. Come on, lets go and have a cuppa in your office. Jim nodded like a crazy woodpecker, and the both left. 
The large, dark brown door had Headmaster written on it in gold paint, and a highly polished brass knob. George turned it and walked straight in with Al, Smith and Brown waiting outside, placing themselves each side of the door. Tanners secretary looked shocked and scared.
Tanner. said George. 
Al grabbed the secretary around the throat, Tanner, she repeated. This time the secretary pointed to the nearest door.
George took in the room. Her desk, a filing cabinet, two chairs and a picture of the Queen, Keep her quiet, Al smiled wickedly. 
George stepped back, then burst forward, kicking the door in with a crash. Tanner looked shocked but soon regained his senses. He stood up, Who the bloody hell are you and what do you want?
North, and you, said George as he removed his hat and coat, placing them neatly on the back of the chair. Then he leapt at Tanner. His big left fist smashed into Tanners face, sending him reeling back. The next punch sent him to the floor. Tanner was now bleeding heavily from both the mouth and nose. He used the back of his hand to wipe away the blood from his face, What have I done? said Tanner, as he got to his feet. George said nothing. He could tell by Tanners face he was about to launch an attack. Tanner rushed forward, throwing punches as he did so. Not one hit George, he dodged them all. Tanner had no idea he was facing a legendry street fighter, and unbeaten bare knuckle fighter. George shoved Tanner back into the corner and watched as he was breathing heavily. 
Tanner asked again, What have I done?
George spat out his reply, Dirty stinking little kraut. Ring any bells? George unleashed a barrage of heavy punches. Tanner looked up from the floor, battered, bruised and bleeding. 
Enough, please! Enough!
Get up, growled George.
No, youll hit me again.
Get up or Ill come down there.
Tanner stayed on the floor, so George went down after him. It wasnt long before Tanners face resembled two pounds of chopped liver. George stood back to admire his work, You ever lay a hand on my grandson again and Ill carve my name on your fucking heart. 
Tanner nodded, thinking it was over, but it had only just begun. 
* * *
Outside in the front office Al still had hold of the secretary by the front of her blouse. She forced her back, jamming her between the wall and the filing cabinet. Whats your name?
Barbara.
Itll pay for you to keep very still and quiet, understand? Al pushed her even harder to enforce her point. They both could hear the beating being dealt out in the room next door. Al had not taken her eyes from Barbaras the whole time. Barbara felt her skirt being lifted and was about to say something. Al moved her face closer to Barbara and said nothing. Her eyes were now wide open resembling a small, frightened rabbit. Als hand now reached the top of Barbaras knickers, sliding down inside them, seeking the warm, wet slit she knew was there. Her middle finger found its target and slipped in. Barbara gasped. Als expression had not changed, it remained emotionless. Her finger now worked its magic and Barbaras hips were now gently thrusting back and forth. While Tanner was getting the beating of his life, Barbara had her first orgasm at the hands of a woman, and it wouldnt be her last. 
Al was smiling as she withdrew her hand, sliding it over Barbaras breasts and squeezing hard. Al suddenly kissed her fiercely before stepping back. The noise from the office had stopped. George walked out, breathing heavily, Sorted? said Al.
Sorted, replied George as he headed out of the office and walked down the corridor. 
Al winked at Barbara, Addington Arms, tonight, and she left. 
Barbara went to the phone and called an ambulance. Looking down at the unconscious Tanner she said, Its made round to go round, Mr Tanner.

Chapter 10

The canoe continued along the river, its motor putting rhythmically, Matt had stopped talking and they both now travelled in silence. Sue was taking in what Matt had told her and was now convinced that he was a product of two very violent families. No wonder he is the way he is, thought Sue. She could not yet work out how a well-educated, wealth and handsome man with such high morals could turn into a cold, hard killer, although she did hope to find out. 
That was very interesting, but it doesnt explain how Kiel and Tanner died?
All in good time, theres more to come.
I can wait.
Good. Not far now til we refuel and we only have an hours light left.
Sue was about to ask him something else but Matt cut the motor and raised a finger to his lips. 
Sue now looked from Matt to Wolf and back again, not daring to breathe. She noticed how both of them were full alert. Matt was listening and sniffing the air. Even in the dim evening light Sue saw the change on his face. Gone was the easy going man and back was the killer.
What is it? she mouthed. 
Matt lowered himself down and whispered, Theres a small village two hundred yards around the next bend. Something isnt right.
How do you know?
It doesnt sound or smell right. Ill paddle from here. 
Matt headed the canoe over to the other side of the river, Whatever happens, say and no nothing, understand?
Sue nodded. 
I mean nothing. He paddled in silence to the opposite riverbank. Slowly the canoe disappeared into the overhanging foliage. Sue could now hear noises and to her it sounded like a party. She thought Matt was overreacting. Then again what did she know? 
Matt stopped the canoe deep in the foliage. On the other side was a clearing with some canoes in the water tied to the small jetty, and two upside down being fixed. 
What now? Sue whispered.
We wait.
They waited in silence. She now realised her hands were aching. Looking down she could see why. Unwittingly she had been gripping the side of the canoe extremely tightly. Sue let go and flexed her fingers, allowing the blood to flow. Matt moved next to her.
Its just a party, right? said Sue. 
I dont think so, but whatever is going on in the village is of no concern to us.
Sue didnt really understand, although she kept that to herself. Matt offered her a small green tin with bacon burger written on it. Wolf got some dry food which took him about ten seconds to finish. The odourless mosquito repellent was working great. Sue had not been bitten once yet. 
Looking at him sitting eating, then at herself, it reminded her of the time she went to an American drive in. How ludicrous this must seem, she thought. Finishing her bacon burger, Sue was about to drop the empty can over the side when Matt put out his hand, I hate littering.
She almost burst out laughing. The look on his face told her he meant it. What she did not know was that leaving no trace of your presence is standard SAS practice. Sue shrugged her shoulders, Sorry.
Drink? 
She took a long drink and handed the canteen back, settling down ready for the show. Well, thats what she thought. 
Matts hand flashed up to signal for quiet. Moments later a young girl ran screaming into the clearing. Travelling at speed she hurdled the two upside down canoes. She was instantly followed by a young man, then she fell, and before she could get up he was standing over her. Young kids are the same all over the world, so why the cloak and dagger? she said. Matt indicated that she should keep watching. She was not prepared for what happened next. Sue had not seen the machete the youth was carrying. As the girl tried to rise, she was struck on the head with the machete. She lay there, stunned. The youth tore off her top and skirt, exposing her young breasts and dark pubic hair. She tried to cover herself in vain as she received another blow with the machete. Dropping his shorts the young man forced her legs apart. It took a couple of tries before he entered, and pumping hard, they watched as he raped the girl. 
Sue spun round to look at Matt. His expression had not changed. She stared at him for a moment before her attention was drawn back to the bank opposite. The youth let out a yell of triumph as he came inside her, and for a few seconds he remained motionless. He rose from the ground, pulling up his shorts and raising the machete. He brought it down on her head, cutting a large piece of her skull cleanly off, just like a beach coconut seller had once done for Sue in Jamaica. The youth screamed again, then ran back to the village to find another victim.
Sue threw up over the side, heaving until her stomach was completely empty. With long saliva tendrils hanging from her mouth she looked up at Matt, for what she didnt know. There was no anger in his face, no hate, no joy; nothing. His expression was unchanged. To her it seemed like he was watching the television, or a football match. Wiping her mouth with the back of her hand, Sue sat back. 
You could have done something. Why didnt you help her? Why? Sues voice had become quite loud. 
Matt clamped his hand over her mouth, Dont make me gag you, understand?
Sue struggled but to no avail, he was too strong. Matt held her stare for what seemed like an age. Slowly she relaxed. Matt released her, keeping his hands close, but there was no need, Sue was now crying silently. Matt watched her a while before he spoke.
You okay now? he said, handing her a hanky.
Sue looked at the deep tooth marks in his hand. Before she could reply he answered her next question, What would you have had me do?
Kill the bastard, she said without thinking.
How?
Shoot him. I know you could have done that easily from here, couldnt you? she said accusingly.
Yes, I probably could have, but
But what? Enjoying it were you?
His expression told her that her last comment was completely wrong, and a cheap shot. Matt now looked at her angrily, Firstly, if I had shot him it would not have saved her, Secondly, I have no idea how many armed men there are over there. Thirdly, I promised you no more killing unless I had to.
That doesnt make it right, she spat back at him.
But its no reason to sacrifice our lives.
Sue looked at the body of the young girl. She knew he was right but it didnt make it any easier. They waited for around an hour before paddling quietly away along the far bank, using strong, silent strokes, rounding the bend and leaving the awful rape and murder behind them.
Matt decided to travel further along the river than planned, putting a lot of distance between them and the village. The canoe gently ground to a halt on the muddy bank. Wolf leapt out and disappeared into the jungle. Sue stayed in the canoe, still in shock. Matt let her be; sometimes the best thing to say is nothing. Sue was just staring into the jungle, and all she could see was the young girls body. Matt had seen this reaction many times before, even experienced veterans can be affected. Hed give her another few minutes while he set up camp. Sue started to cry. Matt lifted her out of the canoe, holding her like a child. The tears were now flowing fast and he held her to his chest, letting her cry it out. 
It will pass, trust me.
Sue lifted her head up for a fraction of a second, then put it back on to his damp chest, finding solace there. Matt carried her to her tent and placed her inside. Sue curled up and Matt left her alone with her thoughts and went to check around before sitting down with his back against a log. Wolf had returned and lay with his head on Matts lap. The last thing Sue saw before she fell asleep was Matt cleaning his two guns. 
* * *
Sue woke early. Laying in the dark gave her time to reflect on the previous days events. She had decided that he was right not to intervene. As much as she had thought it was right at the time, he had to protect them. It was a bitter pill to swallow. 
Looking out, she saw Matt still sitting there, and if she was not mistaken he hadnt moved an inch. 
Breakfast? he asked. 
How did he know she was awake? She hadnt even opened her eyes  spooky!
Not sure.
You should eat something, you left your dinner at the rivers edge last night.
Sitting up, Sue replied, Why not? Whatve we got? Maccy Ds?
Not here, but I think theres a drive-thru round the next bend.
This made them both laugh. The barriers that were between them last night were gone now. Matt handed her another small green tin with a spoon. Sue paused a moment, then devoured its contents. Three tins later she was happy. 
Looks like you got competition, Wolf.
Sue grinned as she watched Wolf staring at her.
Tea or coffee? he asked.
Wow, a choice. Eat your heart out Starbucks.
We have all the mod cons here.
Sue was now quite relaxed and feeling reasonably happy. She had not forgotten last night, but she had managed to shelve it. 
Black would be fine. Look, about last night
Its forgotten. Ill pack while you finish your coffee.
With Wolf up front, Sue in the middle and Matt at the motor, they set off again. Above the sound of the little motor and the water lapping at the bow, Sue could hear Wolf gently snoring.
Does he always sleep all day?
No, its just that he was up all night keeping watch.
The sun was steadily rising, and with each inch the air got steadily hotter. Matt was standing at the tiller with his blonde hair whipping around his face in the light breeze.
I know you said last night is forgotten, but I need to apologise for my comment, the one about enjoying the scene.
Matt dipped down, splashing water over his face, Its not that I dont care, you just become immune to these sorts of events.
Sue decided she was okay with that reason, only because she had no other, When do we stop for supplies?
Already done. Did it while you were sleeping.
Are we going deeper into the jungle?
Its a round trip. Well end up close enough for you to fly home.
Sue sat quietly, looking ahead. She knew another talk was needed. A small part of her now wished she had chosen left when they had gotten in the canoe, and headed home. Then again, a much larger part of her wanted to continue on, and now that decision was made. She needed more information from him, and now was a good time to start. 

Chapter 11

The whole of the day was spent relaxing. Sue had decided not to ask any more questions until later. Catching some rays and chilling out were the order of the day. Matt told her all about the animals, plants, fish and much more. He was the perfect tour guide, and the day ended with a wonderful meal. After dinner Sue asked again about Kiel and Tanner. 
Well, it was about the same time Tanner got sorted. Granddad George made an off the cuff remark about meeting Grandfather Hines, so when we were at home I told him and he said it could happen. He had some business in London later that year.
Matt, hurry up, you know Grandmother Ingrid hates to be kept waiting, said Lisa. 
Why? She doesnt like me anyway.
Nonsense, shes just funny like that.
She doesnt make me laugh.
Lisa smiled and ran her fingers through his hair, he always liked it when she did that. One quick check over and they were gone.
Why doesnt she like me, Mum?
Its not you, she doesnt like lots of people, especially Albert.
Why?
Ill explain when youre older, now hurry up.
They crossed the grounds to the main house in quick time. Matt stopped to look at the large fish in the fountain, the sweeping staircase that ran up both sides to the door, and he also waved at the four gardeners working on the grounds. 
Mum, why does Granddad George have such a small house and not one like this?
Maybe they like to live in a small house.
Why?
No more questions. Race you to the top!
Lisa and Matt sprinted up the stairs, one up each side.
Beat you! he shouted.
Next time Ill win.
The laughter could be heard throughout the main hall, and in most of the inner rooms. Ingrid was not happy about the noise and would have said so if Hines had not been there.
Who won? he boomed across the dining hall.
Me, I did, Matt shouted back, grinning ear to ear. 
The dinner gong sounded. It was quite an affair as Ingrid hated talking at the table while food was being eaten. Now it was over Hines started the conversation.
Matt, when are you going back to London?
In just over five weeks, Grandfather.
By train again?
I think so.
Lisa was trying not to smile as she knew what was coming.
Well, I have to go to London with Albert. Would you like to come with me?
Mum as well, Grandfather?
It was Lisa who spoke to Matt first, Youre a big boy now, Matt. You won't need me this time.
Matt looked sad, Its a long train ride you know?
Yes, Im sure it is. Thats why I thought we could fly.
Hines then produced a model airplane from behind his back. Matts little face lit up like a beacon and was split by a huge grin. The young boy could not contain his excitement any longer and ran around the room with his arms out, making airplane noises. Ingrid looked angry, and when Hines joined in she couldnt hold back any longer.
Hines, for god sakes act your age please.
His only response was to turn and run straight at her, making machine gun noises, Rat a tat tat!
This carried on for another minute or so, but Ingrid had already gone.
Really Grandfather? Really? Matt screamed in his excitement, and while Matt was still running around Hines spoke to Lisa.
You had better write to them to check if its okay for me to visit.
* * *
The letter arrived one week later, You all right Alice? asked Lou.
Yes and no, Lou. We got a letter from Matts mum to say when hes coming over.
So whats the problem?
Matts German granddads coming with him.
Shit, hes not staying at yours is he?
No, hes a bigwig city bloke.
Whats George think about it?
Hes not happy, but he won't let Matt down.
Ear wigging at the bar was Pauley Black.
Ere George, I hear we got Jerry coming over?
The pub fell silent. George was not in a happy place. Having spent years fighting Germans he now had to welcome one into his pub.
If one comes in ere Ill knock em out I will, and Pauley started to shadow box. The pub now roared him on. George stood up then and slowly turned around, making eye contact with everyone there.
Anyone does or says anything out of hand and theyll have me to deal with.
There were a few disgruntled people, but no one opposed him. 
Look, my Matt has asked his granddad over and that puts him under my protection. I know it aint good, but thats the way its gonna be, right? He said it now and would deal with any problems later. 
They bombed my house and killed me dad, said Pauley.
George now lost his temper, as was his way of dealing with things, Look, the Wars over. We killed lots of them and they killed lots of us, live with it.
Does that mean I cant knock him out? said Pauley Black. George nodded. 
Lucky Jerry then, and the whole pub laughed and George joined in, but Alice knew it was false, she knew he was in a tough place. 
Hines, Albert and Matt climbed the steps to the plane. Matt was grinning from ear to ear as the hostess asked, First flight, young man?
Yes, Miss.
You want to go and see the pilot later?
You bet! Can I really?
You bet, she smiled. 
Matt spent most of the time looking out the window and was speechless as they flew in and out of clouds. When the air stewardess took him to see the pilot he was ecstatic and was amazed by all the different dials and levers. The pilot was telling him about the dials and what they were for and then to his great delight the co-pilot let him sit in his seat and put his hat on Matts head while the pilot took a picture. Matt did not stop talking about this for ages.
The flight ended with a bump and then all three were climbing into Hines car, one the Embassy had sent. 
Addington Road, said Matt. The driver didnt move. 
Did you not hear man? Move.
Hines had no time for fools. Matt had to guide the driver, he knew all the roads in London having read a street map. His memory still amazed Hines and Albert.
Pull up here, Ill see if hes in there, and Matt walked into the bar. He spotted George and sprinted towards him. Ten feet before he reached his grandfather he leapt into the air. George caught him mid-flight and spun him around.
Faster Granddad, faster! he screamed. George put Matt down and both were laughing madly at each other. Alright Granddad?
Thats more like it, he replied. 
Grandfather Hines is outside.
Well, youd better invite him in.
The pub fell silent, everyone except Pauley Black who was now shadow boxing. It broke the silence, especially when he started a running commentary. Matt went out, returning moments later. Everyones eyes were on the doors as they started to open. Ducking to enter the bar Hines stopped inside and surveyed the area. At 6ft10 tall and around twenty two stone, he was truly a giant man. The room seemed to darken when he came in. George walked over and put out his hand. 
North, George North.
von Hall, Hines von Hall.
Both men held each others stare. It was Matt who broke the silence, Do you want me to translate?
Both men answered at the same time. George in German and Hines in English. Matt looked shocked.
You never said you could speak German, or you English.
Neither man had moved or took their eyes off each other, although both were now smiling. Pauley Black could not believe the size of this German. He was so shocked he was still shadow boxing.
Drink Hines?
Beer, thank you.
* * *
Ice broken, everyone in the pub got back to normal, well, almost everyone, Pauley still had not recovered. George had noticed him and said to Hines, This bloke wants to knock you out.
Not quite understanding, Matt translated. Hines expression changed. Removing his hat and coat Pauleys face went white.
Nah, didnt mean it like that, you all take stuff way too seriously. I was just joking, thats all. Hines turned back to George and spoke, My English is okay, and in respect for you may I suggest we talk in English?
Works for me.
The two men spoke for some time. Matt looked on; the two most important men in his life were sitting together. Amazing, he thought. 
Al came over, Mum says dinner will be ready in ten.
You eaten yet Hines? asked George. 
No I havent.
Its stew and dumplings if you want some Grandfather, You have to try it its the best ever?
Hines rubbed Matts head, Youve convinced me. Yes, thank you.
Matt, run home and tell your Nan to set another place at the table.
Matt shot out of the door.
What about your men?
All they want is fish and chips, George. Theyve been waiting years to try them, and both men laughed. 
Ill see to it, said George. 
Then Ill bring the beer. Two cases of Pauliner.
The two men walked back to Georges house, each had a case of beer, followed by two cars keeping pace with them. 
That was a fantastic meal, Mrs North, Hines enthused, after polishing off a two helpings of stew and dumplings. 
Alice, please call me Alice, she smiled. 
Hines looked back at George, waiting for his permission to address his wife by her first name. He nodded. 
Told you it was good, Grandfather.
So you did.
The small talk continued for another hour, and by then one of the cases of beer was gone and the second had been opened. Alice put Matt to bed, leaving the men to talk. When they had gone, George explained about Tanner and the police protection he now had. Hines recalled the story of Kiel and how he was in a similar situation. It was that night they hatched their plan. Each would deal with the others problem, and with a shake of their hands, it was set in stone.
Sue was intrigued, Each would deal with the others problem? How? she pondered, but realised hed said it out loud. 
Matt smiled, and after a few moments he said, Dont worry, Sherlock, your jobs safe. 
Sue spun round to face him, scowling now. She held his gaze until the penny dropped, They killed them?
His only reaction was to raise his eyebrows.
You have a very cavalier attitude to life and death.
Never thought of it like that.
Sue was just about to get onto her soap box again but she stopped, facing the front of the boat so he couldnt see her. Sue decided that she could not be judgemental. She had not lived his life and, truth be known, was very glad she hadnt. She was starting to get the hang of not being too upset by his relaxed attitude. At that moment Wolf farted, and it absolutely stank. Matt laughed as Sue flapped her arms around trying to clear the smell.
Youll never fly, Matt said through a chuckle, and now seeing the funny side Sue joined in the laughter. 
The next few hours were spent gently cruising up the river. Sue decided to wait for a while before asking Matt to continue. The truth was that she needed time to sort her head out. This interview was not what she thought it was going to be. 
How long before we stop? I need to pee.
Twenty minutes or so, can it wait?
Sure, by the way, do you have a plan for this trip, or are you making it up as we go along?
That big smile was back, and Sue returned it. Shed warmed to him very quickly, too quickly, she thought, although it was not bothering her at this moment. In fact she was enjoying herself, and would be happy for it to last a while longer. The animal noises that seemed threatening at the start were now relaxing and becoming strangely normal. Sue hardly noticed as the canoe changed direction, and minutes later stopped gently as it ran into the muddy bank. 
Once again Wolf was out and away. The sun was just starting to dip below the tree tops as Matt set up camp. The meal was army rations again, which had started to taste strangely good. 
Would you be offended if I spoke my mind?
Id prefer it.
At this point, Im appalled by what Ive experienced, yet Im also compelled to learn more.
I read your cover story about the racist violence in Baghdad, and I felt the same way.
What? That was a great piece, it came straight from the heart.
Thats as may be, and I thought their methods were repulsive, but yet their constant struggle was compelling.
Sue was not sure whether he was taking the piss or being serious. He wasnt laughing, so she assumed the latter. Sipping her coffee Sue spent a few minutes staring at the flames.
Matt, do you always live like this?
No, I can pretty much go where I please, as long as I dont stay too long. Saying that, I prefer to steer clear of populated areas when possible.
Sue wanted to go back to their earlier conversation about Kiel and Tanner. 
You want to know about their deaths?
Sue was shocked that he knew what she was thinking before shed even asked, Well yes, I do.
For the record I had no idea about their deaths. Albert told me not long before he died.
Sue saw the pain on his face. She was sure he was thinking about Albert. Now she was not sure whether to disturb Matt or leave him to his thoughts, but Matt made the decision for her.
So what do you want to know?
Well, who died first, Tanner or Kiel?
Neither, the way I was told they both died at the same time.
Im not having that, when you plan to kill someone then thats cold blooded murder, in anyones language.
You can call it what you like, just as long as you remember theres more to come.
I sort of worked that out for myself.
As I indicated to you two days ago, we can go back, its not too late. If what Im telling you is not what you want to hear, then you must say, but this is the last chance.
Im in this for the long haul, its just going to take a bit of time. I wasnt expecting whats happened, thats all.
Matt smiled, What did you think it was going to be like, tea on the lawn, a little chat then home for lunch?
No, Sue stifled a yawn. 
You want to call it a day, you look tired.
I want to know about Tanner and Kiel.
Matt sat down with his back against a tree, Youd better get another coffee this may take some time.
Sue took her coffee and sat next to Matt. He handed her a jungle spray aerosol. 
Any particular order, or as it comes?
As it comes, warts and all, she replied. 
Granddad George and Nan Alice caught the boat train that would take them to France, then on to Paris where they would be meeting some of Hines men.
George opened the first class carriage door and was immediately met with angry stares from the occupants. Dressed in his normal suit and overcoat, with his flat cap perched on his head, he was the opposite of all the rest of the male travellers.
I say my good man, are you sure youre in the right carriage? asked a man in a pinstriped suit. George didnt reply and sat next to Alice. 
It seems the oafs deaf, replied another. 
Both men now stood in the aisle facing each other.
Let me see your ticket, demanded the traveller. His request was met with a low, guttural growl from George. The travellers hand shot out, palm up, Ticket, he repeated. 
George put both hands in his pocket. The traveller was confident he had his man bang to rights and would soon have him out of their carriage. George withdrew his hands, but instead of there being a ticket, he had two heavy knuckledusters on. The traveller gulped and took a step back, looking around at the other passengers for support who were now back behind their newspapers, wanting nothing more to do with them. This wasnt what he had been expecting. Just then the train jolted as it pulled away. The traveller was now propelled unsteadily into Georges chest, bouncing off it like a pea off a tank. Returning to his seat sheepishly, the man said no more. George winked at Alice and she smiled back at him. Getting noticed was all part of the plan, and George certainly knew how to do that. 
The journey seemed to take a long time to George, but then again, he thought, the last time he had been to France was on a landing craft. They finally arrived in Paris, and leaving the train they joined the rushing crowd all intent on getting out as fast as they could. Alice kept a firm grip on Georges arm, Its the same as England, said Alice in a raised voice, the world over. People pushed and jostled as they neared the ticket barrier. 
Suddenly George grabbed a passenger, shaking him and shouted, The queues back there, shithead, and he hurled the hapless man back towards the end of the line. For his troubles George received a torrent of abuse, all in French, to which he replied in English. By now quite a crowd had gathered and this in turn attracted two French policemen. Pushing their way through, they headed straight for George. The first spoke in French to George, who replied, Piss off, and shoved him away. The second spoke a little English and asked for their passports, but he received the same reply as the first and was also shoved away. Both now drew their truncheons.
George, leave it, lets just go with them. Coppers are the same everywhere, wankers, and with that Alice took his arm and steered him out of the gate. The policemen still had their truncheons drawn, not that it bothered George, he knew he could wipe the floor with them, weapons or not, but that wasnt the plan. 
At that moment an onlooker stepped forward introducing himself as Jack Walker and offered his help. He said he spoke French and English, and after a brief conversation with the two policemen Jack told them they wanted to see their passports. George handed them over and watched as the policemen noted down their details. Coppers, muttered George, shaking his head. Alice gave him a stern look. Passing their passports back, one of the policemen spoke to Walker.
They want you on the next train back to the UK, explained Jack. 
George looked at the two policemen who both shrugged, as only the French can. This was not part of the plan and Walker had to think fast.
Im going to try something, just nod when I do, and Walker then fired off in fluent French, throwing his arms around and using lots of hand gestures. Then he started to nod, and George and Alice did the same. Both the policemen looked at Alice, then at George, then back to Alice. Walker spoke again and both policemen now nodded too, with their bottom lips jutting out, then Walker spoke again and they turned and left. 
I could to with a drink, Walker said, turning to them, how about you two?
I could do with one after that, Alice said, and they walked into the nearest bar.
You English? asked Alice.
Yeah, came over in 1944 with the SOE to help the resistance, met a girl and stayed.
What did you say to the coppers? asked George. 
Walker chuckled, I told them the bloke you had a go at fondled your wifes arse.
Alice, Jack. My names Alice.
He nodded in agreement, You see, if theres one thing the French understand, its passion. Had to hit the ground running with that one, but Walker had got the result he wanted. Youre now both in a policemans notebook, so the authorities have you down as being here.
Whats next, Jack?
Well, Alice, I think the hotel first so you can freshen up, then hit the sights, and of course get all the must have souvenirs. George, your car will be here in two hours.
While Alice was in the bathroom, Walker spoke to George, Ive seen your army reports and they make for interesting reading.
George didnt reply. 
You seem a very capable man, although that was twenty years ago.
You wanna go one on one right now?
No thanks pal, youre fine. Wed better exchange clothes.
It was no coincidence that Walker was of a similar height and build. Walker explained the false papers and where the meeting point was. George opened the window and Alice rushed over, hugged and kissed him, Take care and sort it, she said, and then he was gone. 
Alice and Walker left the hotel. He had Georges hat pulled down and the coat collars turned up. Alice was not sure if they were doing the right thing, but it was too late now. George met his ride; it was Bauer, one of Hines men. He gave George a street map showing Kiels flat and the pub he would be in. In German he asked Bauer how he knew Kiel would be there tonight. 
Simply, I have arranged for a girl to meet him, one with money to pay for beer.
George nodded in reply then sat back and went to sleep, it was going to be a long journey. George didnt wake until they entered the city limits. 
At around the same time, Hines was being prepped about Tanner, having already gone to the local police station to report his missing wallet. Now he was on record as being in London. Hines was met by Deny McBride, who was not only the driver but also the bait. Albert was not happy about being left out, but it was Hines decision, not that it would stop him tailing them. Hines sat in the back of a Ford Thames van with Deny, and Albert kept his distance, but never took his eyes off the van. 
Well be there in about twenty minutes, the driver said to George, have you ever been to Berlin before?
No.
Would you like me to drive around some so you can get your bearings?
Ive studied the street map, thats enough. Even though George was now in his sixties, he was still in full combat mode, all senses fully alert.
Ill drop you off at the main station. If all goes well Ill see you in four hours.
When they reached Berlin main station, George jumped out the car and walked off. He raised his hand in acknowledgement of the driver. It didnt take long to find the pub, then he walked the route back to Kiels flat. He found the best spot, deep in the shadows, and settled down to wait, pulling up his collar and stuffing his hands deep into his pockets. 
Kiel walked with his arm around the girl, heading for what he thought was going to be a great night of sex. They rounded the corner to Kiels flat, he was so busy fondling the girls breasts that he failed to notice the street light was out. As they came into view George moved a little deeper into the darkness and gripped his cheese wire. As instructed, the girl claimed to have left her purse in the bar. She ran back towards the pub shouting that she would only be two minutes, and to warm the bed. Kiel grinned, hed make her suffer for that later, and with that thought in his mind he walked on. At that moment George stepped out in front of him. The surprise on Kiels face turned to fear, and then pain. George punched him hard in the stomach, and while he was doubled over with the wind knocked out of him, he received an upper cut, forcing him back upright. With practised ease, George spun Kiel round and at the same time slipped the cheese wire around his throat, snapping it shut like a mousetrap. Kiel had not even had time to scream, and now he had no air coming in he panicked, throwing his arms and legs about trying to break free from his attacker. George's grip was far too strong and Kiel was now getting weaker. George leaned forward and spoke fiercely into Kiels ear, Nobody beats my grandson. Not you or the devil himself. 
Kiels struggling slowed as he lost his energy, then finally he stopped struggling altogether. George held the wire tight for another thirty seconds before releasing him. He dropped Kiels body and went through his pockets, taking the cash and scattering the rest to make it look like a mugging. George ducked out of the alley and headed for the station. Two hours later he was heading back to Paris, and on arrival back at the hotel he slipped into the hotel room and was met by the expectant faces of Alice and Walker.
Sorted? asked Alice, and he nodded. Walker said his goodbyes and left. 
You ready? said Deny, and Hines nodded. You wanna go over it one more time?
No, lets go.
Hines had already changed into his all black outfit. He followed Deny, slipping through the open gate in to the yard, chosen as it was opposite Tanners house. Deny stood outside the house and chose his window, and put half a brick through it. Seconds later Tanners head appeared. 
Deny shouted, Thats for being a shitty headmaster, you wanker!
Tanner came flying through his front door after Deny, who pretended to stumble as he ran away, allowing Tanner to get close. Deny took off with Tanner hot on his heels.
Youll pay for that you little bastard, Tanner shouted. Deny laughed and ran into the yard, ducking right behind the gate. Tanner burst through, stopping twenty feet inside.
Where are you, you little shit?
Here, you wanker.
Tanner spun around to face Deny. Now thinking he had his prey and breathing heavily, he said, Youre going to get a beating for that, boy, by Christ you are.
Deny laughed, All yours Hines, see you in the van, said Deny, and he walked out, locking the gate behind him and leaving Tanner confused.
The crunching sounds of heavy footsteps made Tanner back up, Whos there?
So, my grandson is a dirty stinking little kraut, is he?
Tanner was now not only confused but also scared. He didnt see the iron bar as it came out of the darkness and smashed hard into his mouth, right where Hines had aimed. Tanner got up onto one knee as Hines came into sight. He tried to speak, but all that came out was blood and spit. The sight of Hines froze Tanner to the spot. Who was this giant man, and what hed done to upset him, Tanner would never know. Hines punched him to the ground and picked up the iron bar.
So you like to beat children with sticks do you? This time you picked the wrong one.
Tanner whimpered, but the sound was drowned out by the swish of the iron bar as Hines brought it down on his head. He delivered ten more blows until Tanner lay motionless, a bloody mess on the ground. Hines looked at him for a moment and then planted the iron bar like a flag pole, right through Tanners left eye, pinning his head to the ground. Hines left without looking back. He got into the van and was driven back to the hotel. Neither man saw the small, darkly dressed figure enter the yard. Albert quickly scanned the area, looking for anything that might incriminate Hines. Putting down the bag he was carrying, Albert pulled on the oversized boots and walked over to Tanners body. He wrapped the iron bar in plastic and brushed all of Hines footprints away. Not his own, they would stay for the police to find. Stopping on a bridge over the canal, Albert put the boots, iron bar and plastic bag in a sack and then launched it into the water, and as he drove back he was happy that no connection could ever be made with Hines. 

Chapter 12

Sue looked at Matt, studying his face, So you think what they did was okay then Matt, do you?
Yes, of course, why not? A man has every right to protect his family.
She was never sure if he was joking or not, but as he wasnt smiling she presumed he was serious. 
So did they start a new company, International Murder Inc.?
Its not murder in my eyes.
Sue could feel the pacifist in her rising and put it in check, International Revenge Inc. Is that better?
Itll do for now.
She noted the sharp edge in her voice had returned, so when Matt said it was time to turn in she hurried into her tent, pulling the flap down. Calm girl, calm, she said to herself. 
* * *
The next morning Sue was again woken by the smell of freshly brewed coffee. Climbing out from the tent, she went and sat next to Matt. 
Whats for breakfast?
Bacon burger or porridge?
Got any real food?
When we collect the horses we can have a steak, hows that?
Works for me, lets get going.
The mention of steak and youre anybodys.
With a feigned look of hurt on her face, Sue replied, No Im not, its just that I like my meat.
I read that on a wall somewhere and he grinned mischievously, that big, broad smile. 
Up yours soldier boy, came the reply, and they both laughed. 
With the canoe hidden and the ground cleaned, all three headed off, Wolf taking point, then Sue, and Matt was tail end Charlie. Matt saw that Sue was now soaked in sweat, Make sure you drink plenty of water, Sue. Its important to replace the lost moisture.
No shit, wish Id have thought of that. 
Matt chuckled to himself before replying, Didnt anyone tell you that sarcasm is the lowest form of wit?
Sues reply was to lick her finger and marked an invisible notch in the air, denoting she was one up on him. 
The going was hard for Sue and they stopped frequently, How much longer?
Matt took her backpack, About another hour at this pace.
Sue signed, Okay.
Just keep that juicy steak in mind. By the way, how do you like your steak?
Medium rare, you?
Well done. When youve eaten as much raw meat as I have, cooked is best.
Sue ducked under some low branches, purposely holding one back and letting go at the last moment, hoping to catch Matt out. It didnt. While she was concentrating on hitting Matt, she didnt see the small vine that tripped her up, sending her sprawling to the ground.
Its made round to go round, he laughed. Sue spat out the dead leaves and dirty from her mouth, got up and stomped off. What the time was she had no idea, all she knew was that she was tired. Matt called them to a halt, You wait here while Wolf and I scout out ahead.
What, on my own? Why?
It pays to check, you never know what might lie ahead. Matt sensed she was scared, Wolf will stay with you. I won't be long.
How long?
Twenty minutes max. Matt indicated a spot off the track where she should wait. Taking one of his guns, he offered it to her butt first. 
No thanks, I wouldnt know how to use one.
Itll be fine, just keep out of sight and stay quiet, and then he left. Sue was not happy about being left alone. The truth was that, even in the short time they had been together, she had come to rely on him, not only as her guide, but also as her protector. Not that shed ever let him know that. Sue was sure hed been gone well over an hour, the time just dragged. She was sure something must have gone wrong, it had been hours now. Her mind drifted back to the young girl on the opposite side of the river, her young, lifeless body lying on the sand. What if she was now alone out here? What would she do? How would she get out? Panic was now setting in. Sue noticed she was starting to hyperventilate. Then he appeared, smiling down at her. Matt put out his hand and she grasped it like a drowning person, pulling so hard she flew into his chest and clung on for a few seconds. 
You alright? Matt asked her. 
Letting go, she almost jumped back, Fine, just fine. I dont like bugs, then she dusted off the imaginary insects. 
Miss me?
Bloody right she had, but she answered coolly, No, why, what gave you that idea?
Matt turned and headed up the path, smiling all the way. 
As they came over a low hill, Sue saw what seemed like a smallholding; one large hut with two smaller ones nearby, and a corral with six small horses. Outside were four children of various ages, playing. When they saw Matt all four waved and he waved back, then they ran up the path towards the party. Matt picked up the smallest and put him on his shoulders. The boy screamed with joy and the others were all jumping on him, trying to get a ride too. Matt danced and jigged away from them. The oldest spoke to Matt, They want to race.
Matt smiled back, We go on three, and all three nodded rapidly. 
Get ready, Matt and the kids lined up across the path, Matt was going to do the count. One, he said, then shot off, running down the track carrying the young boy, his backpack and the rest of his paraphernalia. The other kids were stunned for a moment, then set off, running and screaming as they went. Matt slowed down a bit to let them catch up, so they would all reach the hut at the same time. Removing the boy from his shoulders, Matt took off his backpack and started rooting around inside. All four kids were now jumping up and down, shouting excitedly. Sue watched as she and Wolf strolled down the path. A thought occurred to her; he looked like a big, blonde Father Christmas. If he shouts Ho, ho, ho, Ill die laughing, she thought. 
Two adults now came out and Matt bowed ever so slightly, and exchanged greetings. Sue now approached and Matt presented her to them. 
Sue Young, this is Keia and his wife, Ome.
Hi, how are you? both smiled back but said nothing. 
They dont speak English.
Matt went back to his backpack and came up with a bag of sweets, which he then patiently shared out equally between the children, saving some for Ome. Her smile grew even bigger and she must have bowed a thousand times. Ome now ushered them into the hut. The smell of cooking meat hit Sue and she closed her mouth and took a deep breath in through her nose, Mmmm, was all she said. She was struggling to stop the saliva from drooling out of her mouth. Keia, Ome and Matt all laughed at her, not that she was bothered. Ome had them all sit at the table, and Sue started eating before the plates had even been put down. By the time the other three were ready to eat, Sue was already half way through hers, the juice and blood running down her chin. Sue looked up at all three, What? she said, with a mouthful of meat. Matt shook his head and tucked in too. 
After the meal Matt and Keia went outside to talk and Ome did the dishes. Sue yawned. Now she had a full belly, all she wanted to do was sleep. The foul smell of Keias cigarette was quite overpowering, not that it seemed to bother Matt. Sue announced she was going to bed, and Matt lifted his hand in response, but never stopped talking. 
* * *
The next morning Sue awoke to the sound of giggling children. After breakfast they said their thanks and goodbyes, and outside Keia had two small horses, or were they asses? She wasnt sure, but both were saddled and Ome had three more, all loaded with large wicker baskets that were overflowing with market goods. Sue was helped into the saddle, and then with practised ease Keia mounted his own. 
Wheres yours? Sue asked Matt. 
I prefer to walk, it keeps my legs looking good.
The big smile returned. Im going to really miss that, she thought, So where are we off to now, Matt?
Tiacon, the biggest town for miles.
I thought you liked to avoid people?
Matt walked for a minute before replying, Its necessary sometimes. Besides, no one cares about me out here. Not that it doesnt pay to be careful still.
Have you planned this whole trip so far?
As best I could, although most plans never go the way you intend. Tip of the day; keep them simple and stay fluid.
Sue looked at Keia and he was grinning and nodding. I know he doesnt understand, she thought, but smiled back and nodded too.
So you rely on a lot of luck with your plans then?
No, I dont believe in luck. Training, skill and intuition is what I rely on.
They travelled on in silence. Sue was trying to work Matt out. He seemed to have so many different sides and each one of them was then subdivided again. The best she could compare with was a Rubix cube, except each segment on each side was another personality, or was she just turning a basic man into a complicated person for her own benefit?
A penny for them, Sue.
For what?
Your thoughts.
Oh, you wouldnt want to know.
I might.
Alright then, I was just trying to work you out, but youre extremely complicated.
Not me, Im not that complicated.
Do you know how childish that sounds?
Maybe thats because children arent complicated.
Sue studied his face for a moment and Matt continued, If I was a book, Id have twenty six pages. On each page would be a different letter, and put together it forms the alphabet. This can be made as complicated or as simple as you want, but thats me.
My problem is just when I think Ive worked you out, you turn it on its head and I have to start again.
Sounds like my golf. Just when I think Ive got it, the wheels fall off, Matt laughed and so did Keia.
Youre not as easy a subject as I first thought.
Flattery will get you nowhere, and they both smiled. Sue felt she had formed a good relationship with Matt, and he with her. 
* * *
The two day ride to Tiacon was an uneventful affair. Quite relaxing even. The time was passed with small talk and long spells of silence, but it seemed to suit them both. Late on the second day Tiacon came into view. 
I have to say Matt, its not as big as I thought it was going to be.
Thats just a nasty rumour, and Matt roared with laughter, and so did Keia. 
You know what I mean! Sue flushed. 
The party was met just outside of town by Keias friend, at the main road, or what they thought was the main road. The party split up and Matt and Sue headed for the only hotel in town. Sue was amazed by the amount of western influence in the town. Whilst most of the buildings were of the sort youd expect, there was a lot of permanent western style buildings, and even more 4x4 cars and trucks. Their hotel was a mixture of styles. To Sue it looked like the type you would see in an old cowboy film. The front was a large open bar with tables and chairs inside and out, and the ceiling was full of fans all running at top speed. Sue watched them while Matt checked in. Her mind took her back to a day in Iraq when over thirty helicopters hovered over a village she was in, discharging their cargo of men, all abseiling down. Matt called, You ready? Hot shower awaits.
Sue followed him up the stairs, passing other doors on the way to their room. She could hear the sound of men and women having sex. She smiled, at least someones having fun. She tried to think back to the last time shed had sex, then she said out loud, God, its been a while.
What has? Matt was smiling again as he looked from her face to one of the doors, and back again, you were saying?
Nothing. Wheres the shower? Sue said hurriedly. 
Matt unlocked the door and they entered. The room had one double bed, a couch, a table and two chairs. It was nothing special, but it was clean. Sue fell onto the bed and sniffed the clean sheets. She loved the small of fresh bed linen. Matt put down her things.
Are we sharing? she asked. 
Its safer this way.
Sue tried the fan and it started slowly, the breeze was wonderful. Matt said, Ill shower first, I have to meet Keia shortly.
Sue looked at the one bed. Matt must have read her mind, Ill take the couch.
I dont bite, she said, but his look told her no as he went to shower. 
Your loss, she said to the shut door. 
Matt came out looking cool and fresh, wearing a green shirt, light brown trousers and a pair of tan moccasin shoes. All yours, he said as he left. 
Sue noticed two things that were different. Firstly, Matt had no weapons, and second, Wolf seemed to have a coat on that mimicked his own. How strange, she thought, but then what wasnt strange about these two? Sue put her thoughts to the back of her mind for now, as a cool shower was screaming at her to get in. 
After her shower Sue went downstairs to the bar. Matt was chatting with Keia and his friend at a table. She couldnt help but notice that he had chosen the table with the best view. She sat down next to Matt who started to tell her what Keias friend had been saying, It seems they have discovered diamonds about ten miles outside town, hence the reason for a lot of westerners.
Sue looked around outside and nodded in agreement, there were a lot of westerners about. It was the first time she had noticed that.
We need to avoid them as much as possible, or, to be more precise, I need to avoid them.
Why? said Sue.
Matt replied in a serious tone this time, Where theres money there are security men, and most of them are ex Forces, some will be ex Special Forces
And they may recognise you? Sue jumped in. 
Correct.
Keia indicated that he was leaving. Matt addressed his friend first, then he turned to Keia. Sue watched their farewell. It was clear to her that they went back some time, and that there was genuine sadness in their parting. 
Matt sat back down as the waiter came over, Drinks please? Sue ordered two cold beers. 
One beer and one water.
Sue looked at Matt, Too early for you?
No, I dont touch alcohol.
I won't tell the AA if you dont, she said mockingly. Matt smiled back, although his eyes told her a different story. She stopped smiling and looked at his face. It now dawned on her that he used facial expression instead of words. She would now take a lot more notice of them than she had, Sorry, I shouldnt joke about alcoholism.
Im not, and never have been, an alcoholic, and for the record, Ive never touched alcohol. Its just that I have seen the damage it can cause, so I decided not to drink from a very young age, now both his mouth and eyes were smiling. 
Well, you dont know what youre missing. 
Matt winked back, Neither do you.
Sue was now really confused. She had as good as offered herself to him back in their room and got a resounding knockback, yet here he was flirting with her, or was he? So she decided her answer would reflect that, Neither do you, then she poked her tongue out at him. 
Matt and Sue laughed together, when their attention was drawn to two 4x4 vehicles that stopped near the bar. The front car had four men in it and two got out carrying rifles over their shoulders, while the other two parked the car further down the street and walked into another bar. The second car had only two men in it. The driver got out, he was a huge white man, and was followed by a much smaller, older man. He had a hard, evil looking face, with dark grey hair. To Sue he looked like a large rat. She heard a low growl and looked at Wolf, but he was not making the sound. She quickly realised it was coming from Matt. His whole posture and face had changed. Gone was the happy chap look he had a moment ago, and back was the cold, hard killer. Sue watched as Matt got up and went to the reception. She heard him ask for a phone that he can use to make an international call. Matt sat back down and called a young boy over, Two men, one white, one black, have just gone into the bar down the street. I want you to give them a message for me. Matt pulled a ten dollar bill from his pocket and the boy smiled from ear to ear, and this when you return, and Matt showed him a twenty dollar bill. The boy nodded so fast he would have given a woodpecker a run for his money. Matt moved closer to the boys ear and whispered, Find the big black man and tell him shark meat is for sale in the hotel, okay? Again the boy nodded, and Matt then indicated that the boy should whisper. The boy took off at a sprint and never slowed until he got to the other bar. 
Sue looked confused, Whats all this shark meat bullshit?
Matt was not smiling, If he remembers, either a big black guy or a small white bloke will come. When they do, you sit and say nothing. Is that understood?
Yeah, sure, but
Matts tone of voice made it perfectly clear he was not messing about this time, this was real.
There is no but. If thats not clear, then go back to the room now.
I understand, and to show it she mimed zipping her mouth shut. 
Matt and Sue sat in silence until a small, muscular man walked in. He sat with his back to them and picked up the menu, Been a while, Boss.
Matt replied, We need to talk.
The small man thought for a moment, Head south out of town one click, then take the left side track. Stay on that for five hundred metres. We will see you there in one hour.
He then got up and left, going back to the bar. Sue watched him go. He looked like a jockey with muscles. His accent was pure cockney, and he had that fast paced way of talking they all had. Matt was told that there was a call waiting, and as he went to take it Sue was wondering where this was going. She had no idea at the moment. 
Matt entered the phone booth and put the phone to his ear. He spoke quietly into the receiver, Shark, he said. 
Fox, came the reply. 
Matt answered, Berlin 17,
Am Torstif, came the voice.
Urie.
Shark.
I prefer Matt these days.
Matt. This is the first time I have had a chance to give you my condolences, we pay a high price for our work.
More than I was prepared to pay.
Me too my friend. I know as well as you.
Thats true.
What can I do for you? As you know you are a dangerous man to know, not that that would stop me helping if I can, old friend.
Matt knew by the relaxed sound of Uries voice that he was not prepared for what he had to say, I know, but its me that can help you.
And how is that, Matt?
Matt and Urie had been friends for a long time, this was not going to be easy to say I have just seen Mikal Drogski.
The phone went dead for some time, but Matt waited.
Where?
Im in a place called Tiacon in Thailand; do you want me to deal with him?
No! screamed Urie down the phone, that bastards mine, mine!
Matt sensed the hurt and anger. He knew the pain Urie had suffered, When can you get here? You have to keep a cool head my friend.
There was a short silence while Urie thought, Ill call you on this number in four hours.
Best discretion needed.
The phone clicked. Matt replaced the receiver and returned to Sue.
Do I get to know whats happening?
Ill tell you on the way.
* * *
The three of them headed south out of town. Sue wanted to know more but Matt kept putting it off. He found the track on the left without any difficulty and they walked the five hundred metres up the track. Then they moved off out of sight.
Same as before, you stay silent until I say.
Sure, Sue said, her hands were shaking slightly. She wasnt sure if it was fear or excitement. Wolf was the first to hear them approaching. It wasnt long before the unmistakeable silhouettes of two men came into view, both chatting like they were out for an evening stroll. Matt had moved forward and had told her to stay until called. Sue was pissed off with this, she felt as if she was being treated like a dog. Matt made a strange bird call, and the smaller man returned it with one of his own. Matt stepped out of the foliage and waited.
Been a while, Boss, said the smaller man again. 
Too long for some, and not enough for others, Atom. Hows things with you, US?
Sue now knew their names, and it didnt take a genius to work out who was who. Atom was the smaller man, the one Sue remembered had come to the hotel bar. The other man, US, was huge. Even from where she was hidden it was clear he was a giant. Matt called her and Sue rose and walked over. The giant black man put his hand out and spoke first, Man, Im sorry for your loss. No father should go through what you have. No one should have to deal with that shit, no one.
Bang out of fucking order, Boss, chimed in Atom. 
Matt shook both of their hands and Sue could see that all being said between the three men was entirely genuine. 
US, hows them boys of yours?
Good, man, theyre getting big. Almost as big as me.
And you, Atom, what about those two girls of yours?
Dont get to see much of em these days, though both will be stunners, thats for sure.
Matt, US and Atom continued to chat. Sue watched them and noted the ease with which they talked about death. US had to be the biggest man shed ever seen. At 6ft11 and around twenty four stone, he was huge, and had a deep bass voice. Atom on the other hand was a different matter. A full blooded cockney he stood no more than 5ft2 and weighed around ten stone, most of which was muscle. Sues curiosity got the better of her, Excuse me chaps, but I have some questions.
All three stopped talking and looked at her, Just a couple of questions, thats all, she said. 
Matt introduced her, Gentlemen, Sue Young, freelance reporter.
And general all round busy body, said Atom, breaking into laughter. 
Sue stared at the little man because his laugh was like a machine gun firing. She could not help but laugh as well, it was the infectious sort. 
Atom, I sort of get your name; small and powerful, but USIm at a loss. Is it because youre American?
Nah, those of us that know him say its short for useless, and Atom broke out into another bout of machine gun laughter.
No Maam, take no notice of short stop, hes full of shit, boomed US.
Up yours, eight ball, Atom was one of only a few men that could get away with calling him that, go on, tell er the real reason, Atom was enjoying himself. Matt was smiling and Sue could see he was enjoying the banter. 
US signed, Well you see Maam, my last name is Grant and my dad was a lifelong military man and loved American history, so
Ulysses S. Grant, Sue interrupted.
Yes Maam, the names been in our family for generations. God I hate that name.
Yeah, so whats your eldest son called then? beamed Atom.
US took a deep breath, expanding his huge chest, while giving Atom a dirty look, Ulysses S. Grant.
Why give your eldest son the name as well? asked Sue.
Its a family tradition.
Sue was still smiling, not at him but at his circumstances, Is it also a tradition to be big in your family? You have to be one of the biggest men Ive ever seen.
Atom butted in with his fast talking cockney wit, You wouldnt say that if you saw him naked, youd think US stood for ultra-small, and with that Atom collapsed on the floor, laughing so much he was struggling to breathe. Matt and Sue couldnt help but join in, leaving US as the only one not laughing. He waited for them to compose themselves and then in his best cockney accent he said, Piss off you bleedin tosser.
Atom stopped immediately, facing the giant with his fists clenched. For a moment they both stared at each other, before another smile started to creep across Atoms face, Not bad, eight ball, not bad.
Both men were now chuckling. 
* * *
As is the norm with fighting men, talk got around to women and Sue was expecting boasting and counter boasting. Atom started to tell about his last conquest, This bird wanted me bad Boss, I mean really bad, then again can you blame her. 
US scoffed, Woman? Man, that was like no woman Ive ever seen, it had more hair than a damn monkey, now it was his turn to boom with laughter. 
Let me fill you in on something, eight ball; animal, vegetable or mineral, Im not fussy. 
Aint that a fact, short stop?
Sue slightly shook her head. Shed been around fighting men before and could never understand their sense of humour. Atom started to look around, Wheres that big mutt of yours, Boss?
Before Matt had a chance to answer, a grey blur shot out of the undergrowth, knocking Atom up in the air. He hit the ground hard but to Sues surprise was up in an instant, a knife in each hand, ready to fight. 
Come on Lassie, lets see what yer got.
Wolf was bearing his fangs and growling, ready to pounce at any moment. Atom circled right, as did Wolf.
Shitting yourself, son, aint yer?
Wolf growled in reply. Atom suddenly threw both knives to the ground and charged at Wolf. Wolf met him half way and both went down. Atom was trying to hold off Wolf while he was licking his face. Sue looked relieved and turned back to Matt, Are all of your friends nuts?
Not all, but it does help.
Atom and Wolf came walking over, and looking at them Sue thought it would be easily possible for Atom to ride Wolf, he was only just a bit taller. She asked, Shark, why do some people call Matt Shark?
Cause thats his name. She aint that bright is she, US?
Because its his name, Maam, the big man looked at his friend for the right words. 
Its his call sign, codename, and nickname.
Sue pushed on, So where did it come from?
It was Matts turn to feel awkward, Dont you think it would have been good for me to know this? said Sue.
Ah look, US, theyre having their first lovers tiff.
Button it, Atom, Matt snapped, and there was another burst of the machine gun laughter. 
US continued, Well, Maam, there are two different stories, depends which one you want to believe. First is the fact that he dived into the sea with just his battle knife, fought and killed a big shark, possibly a Great White, and the other is that he kills just like a shark; silent, cold and with extreme power.
Sue spoke to US as if Matt wasnt there, Why would he do that?
US looked at Matt, waiting to see if it was alright to continue. Matt nodded his permission, and US continued, Im an ex-navy seal.
Atom piped up, The B team.
US looked at him, shaking his big head, Man, I dont know why I put up with you.
Love aint it? Plain old love.
As I was saying, we were on a multinational mission and we had injured guys in the water. This attracted the attention of some sharks. Matt went over the side and killed one, thus protecting the guys in the water. We never lost anyone that day thanks to Matt.
Each of them were now locked in their own thoughts. Atom broke the silence, This is great, and we could do it all day, but you didnt bring us here to go over old battle stories, so what is it Boss?
Matt looked into both of their faces before speaking, In the car behind you today, who were they?
Atom responded, We just call them Big and Little Ivan, both from Russia. Dont think I could pronounce their real names anyway.
What do you know about the smaller one? Matts tone was all business now. It seemed to Sue that the ex-captain had returned.
Little Ivan, hes in charge of security, and Big Ivan looks after him.
Urie Mickelov, the name ring any bells? Matt asked.
US shook his head, No man, cant say it does, dont remember him.
Atom scoffed, Yes you do, bloody ell, howd you even remember your own name? 1983, Croatia, we was on our first joint op together, he was the Russian geezer who showed us the way out.
US looked confused, You, me, Tel, Billy Boy and Dakota, but US wasnt convinced. Atom continued while shaking his head, We stole two cars and was picked up by a Sea King.
Yeah man, got em now.
At bloody last, my knobs got a better memory than you, Eight Ball.
US had the worse Uncle Tom look shed seen, So what about em, Boss?
Hes on the way here to deal with Mikal Drogski, or as you know him, Little Ivan.
Atom was about to crack another joke, but the look on Matts face stopped him. The time for messing around was now over. 
Man, what can we do to help? Atom piped up, wait a minute we got families to look out for, if its for you, Boss, then were in, if this is Russian on Russian, that aint nothing to do with us.
Matt nodded in agreement, How well do you know Little Ivan? 
Both men shrugged their shoulders, Hes ex KGB then Russian Secret Service and was also working the Russian Mafia at the same time, the two men were not convinced it still concerned them. 
Matt looked at Sue, You may want to move out of ear shot, this is not going to be pretty, she saw the hard expression on his face.
Like I said, Im in this for the long haul, warts and all. 
Matt raised his eyebrows then started, Urie had a daughter, Sasha. She was ten years old and very cute. Both he and his wife doted on her, in fact everybody who met her did. Urie was working on a case against a big Mafia boss, and to protect their interests they had Drogski kidnap her. What they didnt know is that he is also a psychopathic paedophile and that he and Urie had crossed paths before. So when Drogski got a message to do a video to send to Urie, he saw his chance to get back at Urie, Matt turned back to Sue, last chance to go, but she just shook her head. Ive seen the video, it was taken in what I believe was a basement. Drogski was drinking vodka straight from the bottle, while forcing Sasha to give him oral sex. This lasted for a few minutes, and every now and then he was slapping her around the face. She was crying constantly, but he didnt stop. Drogski then looked directly into the camera, smiled and took out a knife. By the sounds he was making he was close to ejaculating, then the knife flashed across Sashas throat, and he then inserted his cock into the slash and continued until he came. Sasha was thrown to the floor, and she died choking on her own blood and Drogskis semen. 
Matt sat quietly. Now was one of those times when having a photographic memory sucked. No one spoke for some time. Sue looked at each mans face and saw the same steely determination on each of them. So wrapped up in the others faces she failed to notice that she was crying, and for the first time in her life she wanted someone dead, very dead. 
Matt spoke to neither man directly, Well, Ill understand if you men want to stay out of this. 
Fuck that, boomed US, were in, Boss. What do you want us to do? 
I need a map of the site, one of the compound, how many armed men, and Drogskis week agenda if possible. I have a few days to scout the area before Urie gets here. 
Matt saw death written in both of their eyes, Neither of you are to touch Drogski, understand? 
Why Boss? I wanna kill that kiddie fiddling bastard right now.
Yeah, me too, man. 
No, Urie has to have his revenge. If it had been your child would you want someone else to kill them? both men slowly nodded in agreement.
Well meet back here tomorrow, same time. Atom and US agreed then they went their separate ways.
As they walked back Sue asked, Why didnt the Russian authorities ever deal with the crime?
Most of the top officials were in the pockets of the Mafia at the time. Urie hit them hard, shutting down a lot of their business, which in turn affected the income of the bent officials. Urie was posted to London, hes spent years trying to track Drogski down and couldnt find him. 
Until now, right? When did this happen? 
Six years ago. 
Matt, I want this Drogski dead, Ive never felt like this before. 
He smiled back. 
For the next few minutes neither spoke, it was Sue who broke the silence wanting to lighten the mood. Do you think that girl really looked like a monkey? 
Knowing Atom, yes. 
I suppose youve had hundreds of women looking the way you do? 
Me? No, Ive only slept with seven women in my life, and two of them were prostitutes, a present from Grandfather Hines for my thirteenth birthday. 
Sue laughed loudly, No way! 
Yes way. 
Now she scoffed, Ive had more men than that in one she stopped herself. 
Sorry, I missed that last comment, now he smiled. 
Anyway, how long before we get back? 
Not long, enough time to finish that comment of yours though. 
What comment? she said then walked off ahead of him, knowing he was laughing at her.
* * *
The next day Matt went to the temporary airstrip and back, finding three possible routes. Sue stayed in the room most of the time; the truth was she was scared without Matt. That evening they meet US and Atom again, they passed on the information Matt had asked for, Weve got an idea, Boss. Theres always a QRF in the compound.
Whats a QRF? Sue asked.
Quick Reaction Force, answered Atom, then continued, we can change our shifts around at will, no one bothers who does what shift just as long as its done. So me and US will go up to the site and at an arranged time will call in an attack, thatll get the QRF out of the compound, which should help. 
Matt agreed, You should think about getting out yourselves. 
Got no were else to go right now, not that many jobs for the likes of us. 
Matt took out two small cards and gave one each to the men, Call this number when you get home and ask for Bauer, hes the son of a friend. Tell him Warrior gave you this number, hell find you work in the USA or Europe. 
Sue watched all this from a distance. Matt stepped back a few paces, suddenly he snapped to attention, Its been a privilege and an honour, gentlemen. 
Both men snapped to attention as well, and as she watched Sue was sure both men had grown in stature, but she knew she would never see the two men again. Sue and Matt headed back into town; he had a lot of scouting to do. Wolf had run after Atom and US, but he returned minutes later.
Urie flew into Bangkok and passed easily into the main hall. Stopping, he looked around. The first thing that caught his eye was the amount of western males all unaccompanied. He headed for the exit. Urie had spotted the four men tailing him almost the moment he had entered the main hall. Amateurs, he thought. In my day theyd still be making coffee, not here on surveillance duty. Urie may be twenty years or so older, but the skill and quick mindedness was still there. He took the first cab outside the airport, Do you speak English? he asked the driver.
A little.
Good. The Hilton Hotel, and take the long route. The cabbie was going to protest, Ill pay you treble. You understand? the grin on the drivers face said it all. Urie looked back. Both the tail cars were still with him. He sat back and relaxed, Driver, is the red BMW still five cars behind us? And is the black Toyota 4x4 just behind that?
Yes Sir, do you want me to lose them?
No, continue on.
Five minutes later the road was almost at gridlock Urie spotted his contact about a hundred metres ahead on the opposite side of the road, his bright red shirt was unmistakeable. Fifty metres now. Urie dropped a hundred dollar bill onto the front seat and grabbed his backpack. He shot out of the door, running towards his contact. Cen had the motorbike ready in first gear. It took the tailing men a few seconds to react, more than enough time for Urie to leap onto the back seat. Cen roared off, nearly losing Urie, and all the tailing men could do was watch as Urie waved to them. Two minutes later they were out of sight and away. 
Urie shouted, Stop, and Cen pulled over and removed his full face helmet.
Matt send me, take you to airstrip.
Urie studied the round, grinning Thai, Okay, this time drive slowly.
Me was, and they shot off again, weaving madly in and out of traffic. Urie thought, Ive done some scary things in my time, but this is the worst. Still, as the Americans would say, it felt good to be back in the saddle. Uries smile faded into a sneer as he remembered why he was here. 
It was a forty minute ride to the old air field. Cen dropped Urie outside an old aircraft hangar. The pilots name was Ing and he took Urie to his plane. Urie looked at the old beat up plane and shook his head. It had more patches than there was plane. Ing saw that his passenger was a bit concerned and to reassure him he walked over and kicked the planes wheel, Solid, me have plane long time, only two owner.
Who was the first, the Wright brothers? but the comment was lost on Ing. With his backpack stowed Urie climbed aboard. 
You pay now, and Urie got out five hundred dollars, letting Ing have a quick look at the Beretta he was carrying. It took four attempts to start the engine. Urie followed the large plume of smoke that the engine put out, and the plane took two jumps before it took off. Ing almost immediately chucked the plane into a hard right turn. 
Whoaaa! shouted Urie, but Ing was grinning from ear to ear. He thought the bike ride was bad, now he was sure this plane trip was going to top that. They flew for twenty minutes before Urie spoke, I have a course change.
Change not good Mister, no can do.
Urie reached back into his pack and pulled out a wad of cash, Ten thousand dollars says we can change course.
Ings eyes opened wide and his jaw dropped open. He had never seen so much money, and never thought he would. Ing swallowed hard then locked his lips, I check with control.
No, no control, Ing looked ahead worriedly. Urie fanned him with the cash.
Okay Mister, where we go?
Urie retrieved a map which he now marked with a pencil, Here, you know this place? 
Ing nodded.
We fly low level out of radar sight, again Ing nodded and then he pointed to the fuel gauge.
I have arranged for fuel for the return trip.
Ing heard him but was deep in thought, he could see the farmland this cash would bring for his family. Urie sensed he was more at ease now, Keep this course for another fifteen minutes, then call in that you have a problem and will need to land to fix it.
Okay Mister, me can do.
After Ing had made the call, Urie yanked the mic and wire out from the radio, No radio, no contact about return, right Ing? his face didnt change, he had just brought two big oxen for his new farm. 
The flight was every bit as hairy as Urie had expected, and a little after three hours in Ing spotted the airstrip. Three attempts later they were on the ground, and as they taxied to the far end, Urie saw no one. He knew from experience that it didnt mean no one was there. 
* * *
Matt and Sue were driving towards the airstrip. Matt had hired an old car, the engine and running gear was good, but the same could not be said for the body work, Two hundred dollars for two days.
I wouldnt have given him fifty for this heap of shit, said Sue. 
Money doesnt matter at the moment, just drive.
Right, I thought you men like to drive, just like you take control of the TV remote.
Matt laughed, The man we are going to meet may not be the one that arrives on the plane, in which case it means weve been rumbled and we may have to shoot our way out, so would you rather shoot or drive?
I only asked.
Take that left in the track.
Sue swung the car around and put her foot down, throwing up dirt and stones.
Easy, no rush, the airstrips about four clicks away.
Ten minutes later Matt instructed her to pull over, Wait here while I reccy the area.
Matt and Wolf disappeared into the jungle. It occurred to Sue that people like this must spend their entire life living on the edge, Matt returned, Okay, lets go, all clear.
As they approached the airstrip, Matt told Sue to park the car in a hidden area, then they waited. Uries plane came into view shortly, and Sue winced as it landed, Scary, but Matt didnt reply, he was studying the plane. 
Urie pulled his pack over to him, and he noticed Ing looking at the cash. Urie took $9,000 and put it in his pocket, handing $1,000 to Ing, You get the rest when I return.
Ing looked disappointed as Urie handed him a radio, Keep this charged and turned on, I may need to leave in a hurry, understand? Ing nodded, okay, fuel the plane and wait.
Urie got out and looked around. He soon saw Matts marker, a single broken branch, and he headed for it. Sue was shocked, he was nothing like she was expecting. About 5ft10, bald with grey hair around the sides of his head, and at least two stone overweight. He was wearing a cheap beige suit, suede shoes and carrying a straw hat. He could be anyones grandfather, although he did remind her of a teacher she once had, although she couldnt recall his name. 
Matt walked out from the jungle and greeted him warmly. Sue remembered Matt saying that they were born in the same year and time had not been good to Urie. It was more noticeable with Matt standing next to him. Sue was not really surprised, bearing in mind what hed been through. 
As they chatted, Sue wondered what makes people want to do the sort of work they do. Both had lost their children to the cause. You should look in the mirror girl, she said to herself. No kids of her own, although that was due to medical reasons, and her one marriage, like all her relationships, had failed due to her single mindedness where her work was concerned. Not so different then, are we, she thought to herself. 
Urie was smiling broadly. She could only guess that Matt was doing the same. Urie was the first to speak, Matt, this is not the same wolf, is it?
No, this is his son. Hes living in retirement with an old US Navy friend.
Urie caught sight of Sue, And she is?
Matt turned to look at Sue, then back to Urie, A reporter doing my life story.
Oh, of course she is, Urie winked at him. 
She is, and nothing else.
Shame.
Sue had been around long enough to know when she was being talked about, and she had a good idea what direction the conversation was taking, not that she was bothered. 
Urie, this is Sue Young, shes a reporter.
Yes, you said. How are you Miss Young?
Im well, thank you.
Matt knew Urie too well, so he pre-empted his next question, No, were not an item.
Sue tried her best to look hurt. 
I know, Urie chuckled, shes far too good looking for you.
Sue was grinning from ear to ear when Matt looked at her.
Uries smile faded, Where is he?
Lets go to the hotel and Ill explain my plan on the way.
* * *
The journey back started out well for a while. Matt and Urie were in the back seat talking, and she could now see that the friendly granddad had gone. In its place was an angry father, ready to kill. 
Matt no, we go now, right now.
Urie, this has been planned for tomorrow.
No, now! Urie grabbed Matts shirt, pulling him close. He could have easily freed himself, but instead he talked calmly to Urie.
Were not a couple of hot heads, were pros, and thats how we will behave.
Matt now gently removed Uries hands and held his stare, and then the rash anger was gone, the granddad was back, Matt, Im sorry, Ive waited so long and now hes so close. Youre right, lets go through the plan again.
Matt patiently repeated everything. Sue stopped at the back of the hotel and Matt showed Urie to his room, See you downstairs in thirty minutes.
A short time later Matt and Sue went downstairs. As they passed the reception Matt was called over, Message, Sir.
Matt was handed a folded piece of paper which he pocketed. Sue chose the same table as before, and Matt read the note:
See you tonight, same place, 10pm.
Once he had read it he held it over the candle on the table, and Sue watched as the note burned. 
So how long have you known Urie?
Lets just say a very long time, not that we were on the same side to start with, he was like me then, Sasha changed all that.
I heard that can happen when children come along.
You dont have any?
No.
Matt could see the sadness in her eyes, No, doctors told me when I was eighteen that I would never have children, but before the conversation got any deeper Urie walked in.
Drinks anyone? he raised his hand and the waiter came over, water for Matt, and Sue?
Err, water as well please.
Two waters and a double vodka and orange.
Urie, its on tomorrow night, Matts expression became slightly more focused.
Waiter, make that two waters and just a plain orange.
Matt was happy, Urie was now back to his old self, but for how long he could not tell.
Well Urie, as its your first night, may I suggest that you choose the food, and he very slightly inclined his head in recognition. Urie looked at Matt and together they both said, Bacon burger, and broke into a fits of laughter. 
After the meal Urie sat back and looked around, checking no one was within earshot, How good is your contact, Matt?
You remember Atom and US?
Youre not telling me that they're still alive?
Alive and here, were meeting them tonight.
Urie smiled to himself, remembering the two men, We should go up, Ill give you a knock at nine.
For Urie the time dragged, hed already stabbed the mattress a hundred times. Looking into the mirror and seeing his reflection he stopped. The face staring back at him was not his, You must wait a little longer my friend, tomorrow Ill let you out, Urie said to his reflection. His face had returned to normal, and he sat and waited out the night. 
Matt knocked as he walked past and Urie came out and followed, Sue was already in the car. The journey took longer than before, Sue mindful of Matt's comments about her driving. Matt told Sue to pull over, Park the car out of sight, we walk from here.
It wasnt long before Matt called a halt, There, about two hundred metres ahead, and again he made the same bird call, and got the same reply. 
Urie never ceased to be amazed by Matt's keen senses. Looking at Sue he said, How does he do that? but Sue just shook her head, she could only see about fifteen meters ahead. As the overhead foliage started to clear, the unmistakable silhouette of the giant US came into view, then the much smaller Atom. It was he who spoke first, Urie, me old son, how yer doing?
Im well, and what about you two?
Were just great, aint that right, eight ball?
US shook his head while staring at the small man, Good man, were good.
The three men spent a few minutes catching up, their conversation only broken by Atoms crazy laugh. Matt gave it a couple of minutes before interrupting them, Atom, did you get the info I asked for?
Got what we could, let me take you through it, and he started to spread out the maps he had. They went through the routes in and out, and possible escape routes in case things went wrong. Then he went through the compound layout and guard timetables. Matt and Urie spent ten minutes asking more questions, then Atom handed Matt a two way radio. 
Tune this to channel five, me and he stopped mid-sentence, US had his big fist pulled back ready to strike. Atom grinned, Me and Mr Grant here will kick it all off at eight tomorrow night, youll hear the call on the radio, thats your signal to go.
Matt looked at US and Atoms faces in turn, holding their gaze each for a moment before he spoke, And thats your signal to bug out, right?
Its sorted, Boss. Well be long gone before they find out whats happened.
Matt again looked at both men in turn, Whats your plan? Remember theres no helicopter waiting, or a sub offshore anymore.
We know, were nicking one of the trucks, driving down to the small port by the river, then jumping a fast boat to Bangkok and the next plane to the States. After that call, that bloke whose number you gave us, right Mr Grant? the smiling US nodded, we have to go now, Boss, in case they miss us.
Hands were shook and they parted, walking in opposite directions. Matt stopped and turned to the two men standing just off the path, If I needed to put together a ten man battle team, Id only need to find another eight. Sue watched for the second time as both men seemed to grow in stature. 
* * *
The drive back was a sombre affair. Both Matt and Urie seemed deep in their own thoughts, although they had agreed to reccy the compound at 2am. Sue was sound asleep by the time Matt left to meet Urie outside. The town was strangely quiet. There were some animals rummaging in the bins, but other than that Matt and Urie were alone. Finding the compound was not hard as it was lit up like a Christmas tree. Matt and Urie decided to scout the compound alone, both going in opposite directions, meeting back up in one hour. Matt saw Urie coming, he then also heard a patrol closing in. Urie got within fifteen feet from Matt and could get no closer. Silently he moved under a bush and waited. The patrol moved ever closer. Now Matt could see all four men clearly, jungle camouflage and floppy hats, all carrying AK47s. They were now only metres away from Urie. Matt had his knife drawn ready, but using it was his last option. Staying undetected was their goal. Suddenly one of the guards stopped right next to Urie, Can you hear that? he said.
What? said one of the others?
Shush, said the first guard. 
Matts whole body was ready to spring into action. Killing the four would not be a problem, not having them return to base would be. 
What is it? hissed another guard. 
The other three were now on full alert. Urie dared not even breathe. Suddenly, out of nowhere, the guard farted loudly, There it is, he laughed.
Arsehole, came the reply. The others walked on, while the first guard took out his cock and pissed on the bush Urie was under. Matt could see the piss running down Uries face, but still he stayed motionless. Rearranging himself and zipping up, the guard headed after the others calling, Whats the rush? One good sniff of that and youll have all the vitamins you need, and he laughed as he trotted away. 
Matt waited until they were out of sight, then moved over to Urie, putting out his hand palm up, Looks like rain.
Shut it. Not one word, one word, Urie looked at Matts grinning face and they both chuckled silently. They waited for another thirty minutes before setting off back. Once they were out of sight Matt started to whistle Raindrops Keep Falling on my Head, and both men collapsed in a fit of laughter, each of them holding their ribs. 
A little way further down the track Urie asked, Have you got a drink?
Matt replied with complete sincerity, You pisshead, and Urie glared at him. Matt rolled around on the floor laughing, and moments later Urie had joined him, both of them laughing uncontrollably. 
I thought you were going to cut his cock off, roared Matt, in between bouts of laughter. 
So did I! roared back Urie, Ill tell you this Matt, if he had taken a shit he wouldve been a dead man.
It took a while for them to recompose themselves, but eventually Matt crept into the bedroom, lay down on the couch silently, and fell asleep moments later. 
Sue awoke, and seeing Matt asleep she crept to the bathroom as quietly as she could. She washed and dressed, then left the room. Shed go for a walk, she thought. Matt had said it was him they might recognise, not her, so she would be safe. Matt had heard Sue get up, but he kept his eyes shut and pretended to be asleep. The fact shed tried to keep quiet meant a lot to him, it showed respect, and that carried a lot of weight in his world. To Sue shed been extremely quiet, but to Matt it sounded more like a herd of elephants.
Sues walk took about twenty minutes, and shed dragged that out. When she entered the room Matt was cleaning his guns with one in pieces on the bed and the other loaded ready for use. Sue looked at a strange rifle lying on the bed, and after looking at it from a variety of angles, she asked, What sort of rifle is that?
You mean Eva?
Err, I suppose so. You name your weapons?
Doesnt everyone?
She wasnt sure if he was being serious or not. He seemed the same, he looked the same, but she was sure that deep down something was wrong, but what?
So do all your weapons here have names?
Yes, this is Eva, named after Alberts wife, and these two are Brown and Smith, and the blade here is called Jimmy.
Youre one sad puppy, you know that?
Matt looked hurt then smiled.
What type of rifle is that? Ive never seen one like it.
Eva was a strange weapon. Albert had put the basic design together with the use of Hines workshop, and it was based on a German Mauser, although to look at it now it would be hard to see what the original weapon was. Matt handed Sue the rifle. To her amazement it was extremely light, so light it felt like a kids toy. 
Whats it made of? Its so light, Sue was gently throwing the weapon up and catching it.
Its very high tech and no, I dont have any idea about the metals composition, Sue immediately thought of Star Wars.
The metal itself is extremely light, but it has its down side, its very brittle, so the barrel has a thin, hard insert. These will only take fifty rounds before they need changing. Its the same with the working parts, everything that can be made of the lighter metal has been changed.
Wheres the trigger and sights?
Matt smiled at her, it reminded her of the way her dad used to smile, and before he would patiently explain the problem she could not solve. 
That was Alberts master stroke, the triggers here and sights are hidden in the casing.
Sue watched in amazement as Matts hands blurred and the rifle disappeared into itself, first the barrel then the butt. Now all he had in his hand was a thirty inch oblong tube.
Do that again.
Matt responded instantly, and there is was a rifle again. 
Its a Rubix cube rifle, she exclaimed. Matt put Eva back into her round leather container, What would make a man design something like that rifle? 
Albert was a gadget geek, he loved them. As soon as a new thing came out he had to have it.
Sue understood that, her late father was the same. Hows Urie doing now? 
He seems okay for now, when he meets Drogski I dont know what will happen, you cant plan for everything, and sometimes you have to go with the roll of the dice.
This was not what Sue was expecting.
While Im on the subject of plans, you do exactly what I say and when I say it. Matt spent the next fifteen minutes going over and over the plan, Okay repeat it back to me. 
Sue was a bit pissed off with his attitude towards her, she was not stupid. Right, US and Atom create a diversion, you and Urie go and get Drogski while I wait in the in the truck until you return, it seems very simple. 
The simplest plans are always the best, less to go wrong. Sue, remember this is not a game, this is for real. People may get killed and that includes you and me. 
It still seems too simple. 
Matt looked slightly amused, What were you expecting? Helicopters flying in to the sound of Wagners Ride of the Valkyies like in Apocalypse Now? Or maybe a hundred jeeps, all with mounted machine guns, blasting the place to pieces?
Nooo, just something more, thats all. 
Just remember your part. Matt put his weapons to one side. 
Just how good are you with that? Sue was pointing to the leather case that held the rifle.
You mean Eva? 
Well yes. 
I can head shot a man at four thousand metres. 
Good god thats miles. 
Its 2.484 miles to be exact. 
Sue was genuinely amazed, You mean you can hit a water melon, at almost twice the length of Southend Pier? 
Matt shrugged his shoulders, as if it was the most normal thing in the world to do. Sue lay down on the bed and shut her eyes, the image of Sashas death was still hard to shift. 
Matt Ive never wanted anyone dead, so why do I want Drogski killed? 
The mans a monster in the full meaning of the word, any normal person would. 
Urie, will he kill him? What if Drogski gets the better of him? 
Dont be fooled by the quaint old grandfather look, behind that theres a cold hard killer. Should the worst happen, then Ill kill him myself. 
Why do people like that exist? 
People like Drogski will always exist, as Granddad George used to say, if a spider runs across the floor, you have two choices; you can stamp on it or let it go, he would always stamp on it. 
Why? 
Because if you see a spider the next day, you know it definitely isnt the one you stamped on the day before. 
Sue smiled, Theres a sort of logic there I suppose. 
Its always worked for me. 
So was your granddad one of these wise old men? 
Matt had to laugh at that remark, causing Sue to look at him sternly, No, he knew about fighting and violence, but my Nan could, and often did, run rings around him. 
So no special powers then? Sue remarked in a mocking fashion, she was still aware that something was not right. He was trying to be the same easy going man shed first met, although he was at times slipping up. Only ever so slightly, but he was. Sue was trying to go at him from different angles to see if he would crack and tell her what was troubling him. 
Matt sat quietly for a moment, Sue was sure he was reliving a memory, Well, there was one time when I thought he had x-ray vision. 
No way, Im not having that. 
If you let me finish, I was very young and I later knew better, but at the time it seemed he did. It started with Nan wanting a phone. 
I cant wait to hear how we get from x-ray vision to a telephone, she was laughing softly. 
Matt opened a tin of bacon burger, Sit back, buckle up and enjoy the trip. 
It was at the end of my fourth trip to London, Mum and Albert were waiting at the usual spot with bags of shopping from various shops - she loved shopping in London.
Alice how are you? Did Matt behave himself? 
Im fine Lisa, and he was no problem at all, never is.
They swapped small talk until the load speaker announced their train was ready to leave. Lisa took out a pen and paper, writing down her phone number and she gave it to Alice, Matt asked me to give you our phone number, so you can keep in touch with us while hes in Germany, and if I could have yours in case we need to talk. 
Alice looked shocked as she took the pen and paper, her smile had gone and all she could do was stare at the paper in her hand. Lisa straight away knew she did not have a telephone. Gently she took back the pen and paper, Matt looked disappointed, Its okay Alice, Ill get Matt to write to you. 
You dont have a telephone Nan? 
Matt, said Lisa sternly, not everybody wants a phone. 
Alice lifted Matts chin, We are just waiting for the phone to be connected, and as soon as I do Ill call you, hows that? Matt beamed and Alice beamed back, now all she had to do was get George to pay for one. 
By the time she had reached Bow Road underground station, she had her plan. Walking into the Addington Arms she went straight to the bar. 
Lou, got a moment? Girl talk.
Lou and Alice walked into the ladies toilet, and checking it was empty Alice spoke, Lou, you still got that GPO contact of yours? 
Who, Bill Oats? Yeah, why? Lou had seen that look on her friends face before, George aint gonna like this is he?
Nope, not one bit.
What do you want with Bill? 
I want a telephone and I want it now, what will it cost me? 
Bill owes me, so for you nothing, whats your plan? 
Who said I got a plan? 
Lou laughed, Ive known you forever, and youve got a plan. 
A few minutes later both women left the toilet, Lou went back behind the bar and rang Bill Oats. Alice got George a drink and sat next to him, Here you go love, Georges favourite tipple was Dimples whisky, Its a double, and Im doing your favourite dinner, baked hearts with all the trimmings. 
Georges guard went straight up, she only treated to him like when she wanted something and it always meant the same - expensive, I suppose theres a nice big Havana cigar to finish? 
Alice looked hurt and angry all at once. Lou thought, go get em girl. 
Whatever it is the answer is no. 
Alice changed tack.
Any problems dropping Matt off? asked George. 
None to mention. 
So there was a problem then. 
Lou was watching all of this from the bar smiling, Like a lamb to the slaughter, she whispered. 
Alice produced the piece of paper that Lisa had given her, Matt gave me this, said hed call us later in the week. I told him we were waiting for our phone to be connected. 
George looked at the paper then at Alice, No phone, right? No phone, they cost a bloody fortune and thats final.
Alice took the paper from him, So were not worth a few bloody pennies me and Matt, are we? Alice wiped a pretend tear from her eye, as she stomped to the door, thanks George. Thanks a bunch. 
George looked around for help, What did I do know? Bloody woman. 
Lou came round and sat next to him, Is Alice alright? 
No, she wants a phone and I aint having one. 
Well you know they take time to install dont yer, mine took over eight months and I knew someone at the GPO. 
George sat thinking and Lou left him to it. The seed had been sewn. Most of that night and the rest of the next day was a silent affair, Alice barely speaking to George and him trying to think how he can get out of this, while maintaining the status quo. 
Al came in, Hows Mum?
Still sulking over that bloody phone, they cost a fortune Al, do you know that? 
Al agreed, Why dont you tell her as soon as theres some extra cash she can have one, that should make her happy for a while. 
George smiled, Nice one, I can see you get your brains from my side of the family. 
Al left smiling, part two of the plan complete. 
That night at nine fifteen Alice walked into the pub, dressed in her cleaning clothes with a mop and bucket, taking no notice of George. Walking straight up to the bar, she asked Lou loudly, Are the toilets ready for cleaning, Lou? 
Yeah some wankers shit all over the seat, here youll need this, and Lou produced a big Brillo pad. George had not yet cottoned onto what was happening, so Lou yelled, No one use the loos while Alice is cleaning them. 
It had the desired effect. George stood and shouted, Oi, whats going on? 
Im the new toilet cleaner, for here and the Little Drivers, aint that right Lou? 
Yep, so youd better get started. 
Hold up, hold it right there, you aint cleaning no poxy shit house for no one. 
You said when we have some extra cash I could have my phone, so this is how Im gonna get it. 
With his hands spread out wide, in that international gesture of be reasonable he said, Ah come on, Alice. 
I want that phone George, and if this is what it takes then so be it, Alice headed for the gents door. 
Lou tell er will yer, how long did it take to get your phone? 
Months and months. 
Alice put her hand on the toilet door handle. 
Okay, Okay, you win, you can have the phone, relented George. 
You promise George North! 
Cross me art and hope to die. 
Alice did her best to look like she didnt believe him, so George added Scouts honour, but its gonna take some months, aint that right Lou? he said, wearing his sorry smile while shrugging his shoulders. 
You know what theyre like, never fast. 
Hes right Alice, my friend Bill Oats from the GPO is in the saloon bar, Ill get him, hell confirm it. 
Bill came round and stood behind the bar. George was inwardly happy, he could see that things were going his way. 
Bill, how long does it take to get connected around here? asked Lou.
About eight months on average. 
George now stepped up to the bar and proclaimed out loud, Bill, would you do me a favour and put my Alice on the list? he stood back, surveying the bar looking like a poker player that had just laid down four aces. Another triumph for man over woman, he thought. 
Bill was going through his diary, Come on Bill, Alice is a friend of mine, you must be able to do better than eight months? Lou noticed a space where he had written Cancelled. Theres a cancelation there, cant she have that one? 
Bill was about to say no when Lous hand slid to his crotch and she squeezed gently, She is a friend and I always look after my friends. She reinforced this with another squeeze. Bill gulped, Why not, yeah I can do it tomorrow. 
Book it in Bill, said Alice.
George looked confused, he kept looking at Lou and then Alice before the penny finally dropped. He slumped into his chair trying to say something, but nothing came out for some time. 
Al came in and knew straight away her mum had won. She took the drink that Lou gave her and all three toasted the new phone. George now realised he had been set up and bellowed, You bloody crafty lot of mares, youve done me like a kipper, aint yer? All three burst out laughing and didnt stop for some time. Bill Oats stayed for afters and spent the night with Lou, and Alice got her phone the next day. Two days later Matt got his first call from Alice.
Sue spent a moment watching the ceiling fan turning with a small smile on her face, she really liked listening to Matts recollections; his upbringing was so different from hers. Sues parents had been well off, posh in fact, and she had been packed off to a convent school while Giles, her older brother, went to Harrow. She and Giles had a very normal upbringing, nothing like Matt had experienced. In a way she would have liked to have had some outrageous experiences, but on the other hand was she falling for that old saying, the grass is always greener on the other side. Sue knew she was lucky and in truth shed have changed nothing. 
Sue turned over slowly on the bed. Matt knew by the look on her face that her next comment would be a sarcastic one, Didnt you forget something? 
Matt pretended to be racking his brains, No. 
X-ray vision? Ring any bells? She was now grinning wickedly.
Well, Matt sighed, and he now wished hed chosen another word or phrase, Look, lets forget I used that word and look at it another way. 
Sue pounced, she had him back peddling and was not about to let him off, Can you see through walls? 
No, look what I 
Okay what page is this book open on? How much moneys in my purse? 
Matt, for all his formidable fighting ability, was taking a verbal battering. Sue was laughing loudly, she was enjoying this and knew he wasnt, Come on Matt, do your x-ray thing, what colour knickers am I wearing? 
Matt placed his forefingers to his temple and stared hard at her, he took a moment before replying, Light blue, and youre having your period. 
Sue gasped and stopped smiling, how did he know? Howhow did you know?
Matt now laughed, hed seen her getting dressed in the mirror and had seen the discarded wrapping from her Tampax in the bin. Not that he needed to see the Tampax wrapper, his overly keen sense of smell told him she was having her period. While Sue was still lying there shocked, now not sure if he did have x-ray vision or not, Matt went into the bathroom and slowly slid his hand out of the door, holding the empty Tampax wrapper.
Bastard, fraudster, shyster, and she finished off by throwing a pillow at the door.
Matt came back in smiling, On a more serious note, we need to rest, its going to be a long night, and to emphasise this he stretched on the couch and closed his eyes, but Sue couldnt let it rest there, And the x-ray vision? 
Tomorrow, now sleep.
* * *
At 2am Matt woke Sue, Give me a minute, alright? In fact she took five. The knock on the door startled Sue. Three knocks, two, then another three - it was their signal. Matt opened the door and let Urie in. Everyone now spoke in a low whisper, packing the last of their things. Sue and Urie waited outside while Matt cleaned the room, there had to be no sign of them ever having been there. Creeping down the stairs through the bar and past the reception, the night porter stirred slightly as they passed. Matt left a hundred dollar bill under his arm, then they were outside in the cool night air. Sue and Wolf climbed into the front of the car. Matt and Urie pushed while Sue steered and they left Tiacon soundlessly. As the car came to the downhill part of the main street Matt and Urie jumped in. Their momentum was enough to carry them out of town and five hundred meters later Sue started the car. 
Their quest had begun. Sue drove for a while, then Urie took over, using a pair of night goggles hed brought along, but even with these it was a difficult drive. Like most jungle roads, they were heavily rutted and had many wet spots. Uries answer to this was to drive as fast as he could. He was like a kid, laughing at their discomfort, like an old man who had found his youth again. Shed seen that look once before, when her grandfather had taken her on a fairground ride. Sue could not see Uries eyes, but if she had she would have seen the insane murderous intent in them, and realised that the happiness was not due to the car ride, but the thought of getting hold of Drogski at last.
Their discomfort lasted for another thirty minutes before Urie pulled off the track and hid the vehicle out of sight. All three now continued on foot to the first of two rendezvous points that Matt and Urie had agreed on while on their scouting mission the night before. Now they all waited for Atoms call before they moved to the next RP. It seemed like forever to Sue before Atom called. He would put the call in about the imaginary attack in ten minutes, so they set off. Wolf took his usual place at point, and seven minutes later they were all hidden at the second RP. Matt put his face about one inch from Uries, both men held each others gaze, Urie, five minutes then we leave, as per the plan, right? Matt studied his face; the slightest of twitches was on the corner of Uries mouth, right, Urie? 
Yes Matt, five minutes. Right, yes. Matt knew Urie was struggling to keep it together. He would be the same when the time comes, if it ever came. 
Sue you wait in the truck, got it? 
Yes, and it now dawned on her that this was real, she was about to go on a mission to kill a man, her palms were sweating profusely and her body was shaking with fear, mingled with excitement. The radio in Matts hand buzzed, Sue stared at it like it was a live hand grenade. Atom spoke, Calls gone in, the QRF are on their way and all thats left is two guards, Drogski and Big Ivan, his minder. The 4x4 truck keys are where we agreed. 
Thanks, I owe you and US one, make sure youre out of there. 
Were even, debt paid. Now get the job done and get away safely, Atom out. 
Matt now moved up to the outer fence and cut an entrance hole. Now they were all inside and heading for the garage on the east side of the compound. Matt found the keys that Atom had left and put Sue inside with Wolf, Put the keys in the ignition, stay low and wait, we wont be long. Sue nodded then climbed in, suddenly the light in the garage office came on and Sue ducked down quickly. Matt and Urie moved out of sight and waited as the seconds ticked by. The light stayed on, Urie signed to Matt that he would deal with the guard, then just as he was about to move Matt grabbed his shoulder to make him stay still. 
The door opened and the guard left, heading for the sleeping quarters, stopping just outside the door to take a piss. It was a fatal mistake. Urie, with the easy of a butcher cutting a steak, slit his throat. He pulled the lifeless body back into the garage out of sight. Urie returned to Matt. Hed never stopped being amazed by Matts senses and would not question them or go against them either. Experience had taught him that. Urie whispered to Matt, One guard down one to go, any ideas where he is? 
No, we will have to deal with that if it becomes a problem, Matt moved to the 4x4 and opened the door and whispered remember wait here, clear? 
Yes, yes youve told me a hundred times, Sue could not stop the shaking in her voice, Matt gave her the look which said he meant it. Matt quietly closed the door and Sue lay back down on the seat and the awful stench hit her, an earthy smell mixed with tobacco, stale body odour and smelly feet, it made her gag. 
After what seemed an age but in reality was only seven minutes, Sue opened the door and slipped out. Wolf tried to stop her by biting her jacket sleeve but she pulled it free, I wont be long, okay? she knew it was wrong but her deep rooted sense of curiosity got the better of her. She crossed the garage and moved left so she could get a better view of the two offices opposite. Sue never saw or heard the grinning guard creeping up behind her and he in turn never noticed Wolf stalking him. The movement sensor that she tripped had now woken the giant bodyguard.
Matt had left Sue and joined Urie; they now headed for the first office. Matt silently opened the door and crept in. He could hear the sound of computer fans running with the gentle whirl of the ceiling fan and the low humming coming from the fridge. The most important sound was the soft snoring coming from the corner, there laying on a canvas cot was a man sleeping. Even in the dark Matt could tell by the size of the chest going up and down that it was Big Ivan. He left as quietly as he had entered. Looking at Urie he shook his head and pointed to the next office. Both men moved past the generator room, its noise was enough to easily cover their approach, not that it mattered as they both silently entered the next office. Drogski was snoring loudly, Matt gave the place the once over, not very different to the last except for the odour of tobacco and alcohol. Moving back to Urie, Matt whispered, Five minutes as agreed. He got the smallest of nods in reply. Urie was concentrating on his prey, his face had twisted into a silent snarl and his eyes were on fire. Finally here was his chance to avenge his beautiful Sasha. 
Matt left and went to scout around; Urie was now alone with Drogski who was happily snoring away. Urie glided up to Drogski and took a moment to look him up and down; from his pocket he produced a tennis ball and waited with it just above his mouth. Drogski opened his mouth to take a deep breath and Urie punched the ball into his open mouth as hard as he could and Drogski woke with a start, only to be greeted with two hard punches to the stomach, taking all of the wind out of him. Drogski still had no idea what was happening. As his eyes cleared and became accustomed to the light, he saw who his attacker for the first time. Urie smiled, the disbelief in Drogskis eyes turned to fear and he tried to rise. Urie struck him on his left knee cap, the pain exploded in Drogskis head, he tried to scream and nothing came out just snot from his nose, the ball was doing its job. Again the explosion of pain hit him, this time it was his right knee. Drogski now tried to fight back, Urie struck him hard in the balls and he doubled up still trying to scream. Urie now removed a hypodermic needle from his pocket and plunged it into Drogskis neck, emptying the contents straight into his main artery. Urie sat back and waited, he knew it would only take seconds to paralyse him. Drogski would still be able to feel pain and see what was going on, but would be unable to move. Urie pulled Drogski on to the floor, turning his head to face him; he had not yet said a word. Now from the inside of his jacket he produced a small roll of red cloth with a gold cord tied around the middle and lay it next to Drogskis face so he could see it. Slowly and deliberately he unrolled it. Inside were six polished surgical instruments. Urie picked up the broadest blade and looked into it like a mirror, the face that stared back was the same one that had stared back at him from the mirror in the hotel room, Now its time to come out and play my friend, he said, smiling at the reflection. Drogskis eyes bulged and the veins in his neck stood out like they had been inflated, the blade was like a light to a moth, his eyes followed it wherever it went. 
Urie began. Drogski screamed, but only in his head could it be heard. Urie gently hummed as he went about his work. The seconds ticked by and Matt was coming round from the rear of the building. It was all clear. Five minutes had elapsed and no Urie. Matt scanned the open area again then slipped into the office. Drogski was almost unrecognisable. His eyes were hanging down the sides of his face. The nose, ears and lips were neatly lined up on the floor, his chest and stomach had been opened up like the doors on a double wardrobe. Urie looked like someone had set off a blood bomb in front of him, Urie time to go, but Urie didnt respond, he just kept cutting. Then Matt heard Sue scream, he spun round to see that she was pinned from behind by the second guard. Wolf leapt at him, knocking him over and forcing him to release Sue. Wolf attacked again and the guard was just as quick and he pulled out his knife and plunged it twice into Wolfs side. The guard died a few moments later, his throat ripped out. Wolf fell sideways and crawled back to Sue. Matt flew for the door, ducking just in time as Big Ivans machete struck the door frame, right where Matts head would have been. Big Ivans other hand grabbed Matts shoulder rig, tearing it off his back and throwing it against the wall. Matt was spun round by the force and hit the ground. Instantly he rolled over and was back on his feet ready to fight. Sue saw he now had no weapons and was facing a giant man. He had no chance, both her hands flew to her mouth to stifle a scream. Big Ivans machete hurtled towards Matts head, it was met by Matts left fist on which he now had a knuckle duster, as did his right. The blade and duster exploded against each other and the blade was halted. Matt stepped in and his right fist smashed into Big Ivans right arm which was holding the machete, it fell to his side and he dropped the machete, staggering back. The men now circled round, the giant Russian was stripped to the waist and Matt removed his camouflage shirt. The Russian looked huge against Matt. Sue looked on. To her it looked like an angry lion facing off to a pissed off grizzly bear. Ivan was opening and closing his right fist, trying to get some life back into his right arm. He smiled and waved Matt forward, Matt easily dodged the two heavy punches that Ivan threw. And moved in, his right fist smashing into Ivans face, and in the same moment he stepped in and dipped left, punching upwards, catching Ivan under the ribs, taking the breath out of him. As his head came down Matt grasped his hair, bringing his right knee up and smashing Ivans face into it. Ivan staggered back against the office wall, the smile was now gone. Roaring he charged forward. Matt side stepped, punching Ivan in the kidneys. He howled as he went down. From nowhere Matt pulled a cheese wire and expertly slipped it over the big mans head. Ivan desperately tried to remove it, kicking and punching, but all his efforts failed and he died twenty seconds later. 
Putting away the wire and replacing his shoulder holster, Matt moved over to Wolf, roughly shoving Sue aside. Kneeling next to Wolf he spoke softly, Easy my friend, easy. Matt gently lifted him up, putting him in the back of the truck, I told you to stay in the truck. Matts stare was cold and hard, This is all your fault, Wolfs injured and two men are dead, their blood is on your hands. Matt took some bandages and a bottle of Fullers Earth. After putting the Fullers Earth on he started to bind the wounds, Wolf let out a low growl, Soon be done boy, Matts look hadnt changed when he spoke to Sue. You stay here, and I mean stay here. 
Im sorry, really sorry, I Matt shoved her into the truck, his face spoke volumes to Sue and none of them were good. Sue sat alone with Wolf and cried. She now realised the full cost of her actions. Matt entered the second office; Urie was so engrossed in what he was doing he had not noticed him enter. A lot more of Drogskis body parts were now all over the floor, but he was still alive, sort of. Matt drew one of his pistols and put two rounds into Drogskis head. Urie spun round. Matt grabbed his collar and dragged him outside and he started to put up a fight, looking like a dog that had just had his bone taken away. Matt slapped him hard across the face; it had some sort of effect so he gave him another one. The sight of the dead guard and Ivans big body seemed to bring Urie back to his senses. Matt shouted Get in. What is it with you two? Stay in the truck I said. Five minutes we agreed, five fucking minutes. Urie stared at Matt, in all the years hed known him he had never heard him shout, let alone swear. Something was wrong, very wrong, and even in his messed up state he knew that. 
Matt started the truck just as Atoms voice came over the radio, Boss, whats gone wrong? The QRF are now speeding back to camp, if youre there youd better shift it now. 
Moving out now. Matt slowly drove away, not picking up speed until he got to the tarmac road. No one spoke for some time. It was Urie who finally broke the silence, I thank you my friend, and so does my little Sasha. She can finally rest in peace, Matts face relaxed ever so slightly. He looked at Urie who was still covered in blood, and Matt touched the blood on Uries shirt, Any of this yours?
No not a drop. 
Good, five minutes we agreed Urie. 
I know. If our places were reversed, would you not want to spend as much time as you could getting your revenge? Matt said nothing, although he knew Urie was right. 
Hows Wolf? 
He should be fine, the knife missed any vital organs. A couple of days rest should do it. 
And Sue? 
You got a tongue, ask her yourself. 
Urie sat staring at Matt for some time, his body may be past its best but his brain wasnt, You okay Sue? 
Good thanks. 
Urie continued to stare at Matt. Now his brain was working overtime, he wanted to know what it was that had changed his friend and why. They continued in silence until Sue blurted out, Its all my fault, isnt that right Matt? Wolf and the two men, all me. 
Thats right, we had a plan and you didnt stick to it. 
If thats correct then Im just as much to blame as Sue. 
Matt looked straight ahead in silence.
Come on Matt, things rarely go to plan, you know that. Its a risk we in our business live with. Everything Urie had said was true and Matt knew it, he was now trying to deal with his own demons.
Urie put his arm around Matts shoulders, As our American friends would say, shit happens. Matts features remained the same as he drove on. Urie tried again, We all did good Matt, job done.
All of us, really? Thats not how I see it.
No? Well my friend, how do you see it? 
Drop it Urie, you have your satisfaction, and Im happy for you, as for the rest, just drop it. 
Urie sat back, now he thought he had it, Matt, are we going straight to the air strip? 
No, well hole up by a small stream out of sight until first light and then we go to the air strip. 
Sue knew she should stay quiet, but she never liked not knowing, so she spoke, Where are we going after we leave the airstrip? 
We? There is no more we. You are going with Urie. Its finished, the journey is over. 
But I thought but before she could say any more Urie shook his head. Sue sat back with her head on the headrest, looking up at the roof liner thinking. Why did she not stick to the plan? If she had just stayed in the truck her damned curiosity had really done it now. All that trust and openness was gone, vanished in the blink of an eye. Sue let out a big sigh as she wiped a tear from the corner of her eye. If she was honest with herself she had become quite attached to Matt, and now the thought about it being over the tears start to flow. Wolf nudged her with his head and she stroked him. 
Well at least Ive made one friend. Wolf looked up at her, she smiled back. The truck went over a deep rut, Wolf grunted. Easy boy, she said. 
A while later Matt pulled the truck off the track and into the undergrowth, Urie, you and me will go back and hide the tyre tracks, he didnt even look at Sue. You stay in the truck, do you think you can do that this time? 
Yes, came the angry reply and in the same tone she said to his back, you can be a real arsehole sometimes, you really can. If he heard her he didnt show it and just kept walking. 
Using branches they brushed over the tracks. Urie stopped and rested on the branch he was using, Why Matt? 
Why what? his tone was hard and uncompromising.
Lets not play games my friend, we have known each other for too long. Why is Sue coming with me? 
Because I said so, now leave it. 
No, no I will not. Its more than Wolfs injury, or the killing of two men. Christ, how many have you already killed? there was anger in Uries voice and he didnt try to hide it. Matt spun round; he had that dangerous look on his face, his eyes had narrowed and they looked like ice on fire, Youve got your revenge, be happy with that, and Matt threw down the branch and headed back to the truck.
Im happy, very happy and grateful, Urie went back to work on the tracks, giving it one last going over. Then he slapped his forehead hard with his hand, it had hit him like a lightning bolt and he said out loud, You fool, you stupid fool Urie, how could he have forgotten? Tomorrow was the anniversary of the murder of Matts boys.
Matt went to the truck to check on Wolf, saying nothing to Sue, Youre hot, lets go and cool you down. Matt gently lifted him up and carried him to the stream and then he took four pills from his pocket, This is all I have, two for now and two for later. 
Can I help? asked Sue.
No, just get your things together ready to go, Matt didnt even look up, he just kept splashing Wolf. Sue, for the first time, was now feeling just how depressive the humidity could be.
Urie had washed and changed. Gone now was the insane butcher and back was the friendly old man shed first met. Urie put his hand on her sweaty shoulder and whispered, All is not lost yet. 
It is Urie, you heard him. 
Its never over till the fat lady sings, and I cant hear her, can you? Urie loved American sayings and would use them as often as possible. She tried to laugh but the best she could do was smile. Hes a stubborn man, Sue. 
You can say that again. 
Hes a 
I didnt mean it literally, she smiled a bit more, Matt must really like you Urie, to have risked what he did. 
My wife and I will be forever in his debt, Sue knew that he meant it, Urie struck her as that kind of man. 
How did you two meet, if its not one of those sensitive questions? 
Urie looked over to Matt, he was busy with Wolf, Come, lets find somewhere cooler to sit, Urie guided her over to a small clearing and offered her some water. Well, theres a long version or a short version, you choose. 
As it seems I wont be around for long Id better have the short version. 
Urie settled himself down. To Sue he looked just like her grandfather before he was about to start a bed time fairy tale. Please, she thought, dont start with, Once upon a time in a land far, far away, but he didnt, instead he took a long drink from the bottle and handed it to Sue. 
It was back in 83 and I was a top field operative working in Afghanistan. I was tracking a group of Afghan fighters who were particularly good at sniping, so good that we had lost some thirty or so men to them.
* * *
Urie had been on their trail for over two weeks only travelling at night; he was determined to kill them. Then one night he was sure he had them, they had been sloppy and left a couple of clues to where they were heading. Urie went ahead and positioned himself for his ambush, but what he had not realised was that they had set an ambush up for him. The hunter had become the hunted. Urie had no idea what was to come until a burst from an AK47 just missed his head. Another burst from a different position ripped the ground up around him. He had to move, running back to an earlier position he settled in and waited. Now he knew he was in trouble, real trouble. Urie managed to keep them at bay for three hours, but now the light was fading and he was running low on ammunition. With night fast approaching Urie knew they would soon come. He fired another burst, now it was down to pistols and knives. Urie counted the rounds he had for his pistol; thirty one. He took the one round and put it into its own magazine. There was no way he would be taken alive; Urie had seen what they do to captured soldiers. Urie heard them starting to close in. He had totally underestimated the soldiers, in fact the whole Russian Top Brass had. Nine men and two women were closing in, thats what he had worked out, and he knew the women were worse than the men. Not long now he thought. Suddenly he had a large knife under his throat and a huge dark figure stood in front of him. He had not heard him and there was no chance of using his pistol. The figure slowly leaned forward and whispered in fluent Russian, Follow me as quietly as you can if you want to live, bring only your weapons. The big blade was removed from his throat. The dark figure moved ahead and for a moment Urie thought he was following a ghost, then he touched his throat and felt the spot where the blade had been moments earlier. This was no ghost and was defiantly Russian, but who? Urie spotted four dead Afghan bodies on the way out, he still had no idea who or what he was following and how long he had been climbing he didnt know. Suddenly Urie bumped into him, Easy, we will rest for ten minutes. Urie was handed an open tin, Whats this? he asked.
Bacon burger then he got the water bottle, drinking deeply. 
Who are you, what unit are you from? 
Your guardian angel, do you see the ridge third from the right? 
I think so. 
Well do you or not? 
Yes, yes I do. 
We have to get to the top before first light, so lets get going. 
With the only light coming from the stars Urie was struggling to see. 
Try these, it should help. 
Urie had heard of night goggles but had never seen them, let alone used them. As soon as he put them on his surroundings became clear. The green images were clear enough for him to move a lot faster. There was a high pitched sound while they were on, but he could live with that. Urie now realised they were not alone. Up ahead was a large dog and for the first he could see the man in front. His face was blacked out, although it did not hide his striking blue eyes and the other thing Urie noticed was he had no night vision goggles on. Urie had no time to continue his line of thought as they were now moving fast across the terrain. Stopping to get his breath Urie heard the weirdest thing. Nothing, not a sound, yet the man and dog ahead were still moving. Stopping the big stranger, or guardian angel, turned back and watched as Urie ran up to them, What sort of dog is that? 
Hes not a dog; hes a grey timber wolf. 
Has he got a name? 
Wolf. 
Urie looked at Wolf, he was bigger than he had thought now he was up close to him, And you, you got a name? 
Later, lets go. 
Urie watched as the two of them moved off completely in unison.
Twenty minutes of hard mountain running brought them to the base of the ridge, Up there is where well hole up for the day, theres a storm coming, itll hide our tracks. 
Urie followed them up, breathing heavily. It wasnt long before they got near the top and entered a cave. The walls were damp and the place smelt foul, but it was dry and would shelter them during the day. Urie took a couple of minutes to regain his breath, he was fit but obviously not as fit as his new companions. He still had no idea who he was or what part of the Russian military service he worked for. Urie stood up and extended his hand, Major Urie Mickelov, attached to the third search and destroy unit. At first he thought he had not been heard, he came forward and shook Uries hand. 
Lieutenant Matt North, HMs SAS. Matt spook this in English, the shocked look on Uries face made Matt smile a huge smile. Urie would never forget that smile.
Urie was smiling as well and shaking his head, English? I had no idea, your Russian is perfect. 
Thank you; Ill take that as a complement. 
It was meant as one, would it be alright to speak English as I could do with working on mine? 
No problem, what do you say Wolf? he just looked at Matt. Urie then remembered he had a chocolate bar in his pocket and offered it to Wolf, he gently took it and swallowed it in one, Keep that up and youll have a friend for life, he loves chocolate. 
Matt shared his food with Urie, Bacon burger, the same as before, its not bad. 
You cant beat it, probably the nearest thing to an addiction I have. Urie was still unsure about this man or his reasons; for the moment though they didnt seem to be hostile. 
The food was eaten in silence, followed by the two men weapon cleaning and checking ammo. Urie placed his pistol on his lap, it was no coincidence that the safety was off and it was pointing at Matt. Urie had noticed how casually Wolf had set himself down close by him, close enough to attack in an instant. Matt held Uries stare for a long time, each man evaluating the other. It was Matt who eventually broke the silent standoff. 
If I had wanted to kill you, you would already be dead, Matts eyes went from Uries to his pistol, then back again, there was something about this man that made Urie break with his training and all he had learned over the years of doing this sort of work. He nodded then removed the pistol, placing it back into its holster before replying, Trust and respect is earned, not something I give easily, although your actions so far have gone a long way towards it. 
Matts eyes again went to Uries pistol; Ditto. 
Urie looked confused, Ditto? 
It means the same. 
Ah a new word, thanks, Urie relaxed somewhat and smiled, So Matt, is it okay to call you that? 
Sure. 
Why did you help me? 
Two reasons, first I was ordered to follow you and see what you were up to, and second that little lot ambushed some of our lads last year, I lost a good friend to them, so lets just call it personal pay back. 
Hmm I thought you were both on the same side, trusted allies? 
Never trust an Afghan, not according to Lenin anyway. 
Did he really say that? asked an astonished Urie. Matt chuckled while shaking his head; it took a moment for Urie to realise he was being taken for a ride. 
Goddamn it, you goddamn mother, got me good that time. Uries American impression made Matt laugh, Urie joined him. After a few moments Urie stopped laughing and became serious, How long were you following me for? 
Since you were dropped off. 
And how did you know where I was going to be dropped off? 
Matt shrugged his shoulders, Intel, dont ask me how it works though. Urie nodded in agreement, he had no idea how Russian intelligence worked either, possibly a mole or a double agent. He would store this information for later and would make it his next job, if they get out of here, to find the source. 
So Matt, whats the plan? 
Simple, we need to get to this area here then you call in a chopper to pick us up and then drop me here. 
Urie studied the map, running his finger between the two points marked, Thats a fair distance. 
Twenty hours hard slog, thats all. 
Urie sat back thinking for a moment, And if we get caught, you hand me to them and go on your way I presume? Matts look changed, his face serious and his eyes cold and hard, I dont work that way. Either we both get out or we die. 
Urie smiled and let out a small laugh, We shall see, my friend. Urie prided himself on being a good judge of people and this man he was now sure was genuine, time would tell though he thought, although for some strange reason he didnt feel threatened. 
Ill take the first watch, Matt offered, and Urie agreed. He curled up under Matts sleeping bag and dropped off almost instantly. Urie woke just as the sun was about to rise. Yawning and stretching he saw Matt and Wolf sitting just far enough back from the edge to keep out of sight. It was then he realised that Matt had stood guard all night. Why didnt you wake me? 
You looked so peaceful, he chuckled. Suddenly Wolfs head shot round facing out, he sniffed the air and Matt did the same. Then he turned his head to listen. He stayed that way for a moment before declaring, Dogs, theyve got dogs. It wont take them long to find us here. Theyre getting smarter.
Yes they are. Do you have an evacuation plan?
Dont need one, youre the enemy. 
Wolf growled and Matt and Urie followed his stare. Coming down the valley below were two dogs on leads and a group of Afghan fighters. Matt handed Urie his spotters binoculars, How many can you see and whats their distance from us?
Urie took a moment to scan the area from where they were coming from, 4,200 metres and twenty five men, plus two women. 
Let me know when they get to 2,500 metres. Matt took a round leather case from his pack and removed its contents. Within moments he had assembled what Urie thought was some sort of rifle. 
What the hell is that? 
Eva. 
Urie watched as Matt loaded four rounds into the weapons internal small drum magazine, How far now? 
Urie looked again through the binoculars and replied 3,700 metres 
Let me know when they are approaching 3,100 metres, and at that Matt opened two tins of meat and sat back to eat them with Wolf. Shaking his head, Urie could not believe how relaxed he was. Matt look as if he could have been on a Sunday picnic. The seconds ticked by, still he was relaxing. 
3,100 and closing.
Matt got up checked his pack then put it down in front of the cave entrance. To Urie he was moving in slow motion as Matt laid Eva on the pack and pulled back the bolt and pushed home the first round. 
Matt, whats our immediate plan of action? 
Kill the two dogs and run for it. Simple really. 
Simple, yes very. 
The simpler the better, less to go wrong. Urie shrugged his shoulders; he did not think Matt could make the two shots anyway, even with the binoculars the dogs looked tiny.
Taking the shot. 
Two loud reports rang out, almost on top of each other. The first dogs head exploded and the second was cut in two by the impact. The Afghan fighters stood motionless for some seconds before running for cover. All accept the one with half a dog still on his lead. Matt tapped Urie on the shoulders, Time to go, and at a run they were off. 
The going was really hard for the first kilometre or so and sometime later Matt stopped and handed Urie a Russian radio, Call in the chopper, give him these co-ordinates. Both men took some water and a minutes rest before continuing. Matt stopped behind a large rock and got the map out. 
Much further Matt? 
No, were here. Lets stay out of sight for now. Matt had now gone back to fluent Russian. It took a little longer than they had thought before the big Russian built Hind came into view. 
We dropped Matt at the arranged point and I made myself a promise to try to find this man. It took a few years, but since then we have become firm friends. No, the very best of friends. 
Sue smiled gently at the story. It was exactly the sort of story she had come to expect from Matts past. Despite the fact that he could make her so angry, and that he obviously had many flaws as well, Sue really couldnt deny the fact that he was a truly brave and honourable man, and she had come to respect him a lot. 
Thank you for telling me, Urie.
No problem, my dear. Now shall we go see how he and Wolf are doing?
Sue and Urie made their way back to where Matt had been tending to Wolf. Matt turned to Urie, Youd best contact the pilot; when were ten minutes away. He should get the plane warmed up. 
Urie informed the pilot.
Is this it then, Matt? You just going to drift around the world avoiding those who want to kill you? 
 The hard look was still on Matts face, the anger and frustration were just bubbling under the surface, No, I still have three more men to find. The ones that shot and killed my sons. Ed Barker is the one I want most; he put a bullet in each boys skull. Matts right fist smashed out the side window and Urie could see he was close to losing it altogether. 
Easy my friend, I of all people understand your pain. It burns like nothing you could ever imagine. 
Matt calmed slightly, And the other twos names? queried Urie. 
Steve Butler and Colin Dent, all three are ex SAS. They seemed to have completely disappeared, but Ill find them one day. 
Urie looked disappointed, Why did you not tell me before? I may have been able to help. You spend your life helping others and ask for none. Matt sighed exhaling slowly through his nose. Urie was right, he should have used all his contacts and would have done if he had not thought it was too dangerous for them.
Matt, we have the largest intelligence network there is. Bigger than the Americans know, or the British. Let me see what I can find out, okay? 
Thanks and for the first time in a while Matt smiled. Urie now spoke quickly in Russian, using a Moscow accent with lots of slang. Neither had known Sue that long and the less people that knew the less chance there is of a leak. 
If we find anything Ill put it on my Facebook page. Sashas middle name will be the fifth and nineteenth words, that way you will know to contact me in the usual way. 
Matt replied back in the same way, he knew Sue understood some Russian but this would be way too much for her. Take this card and only use it in an emergency. 
Sue was well aware that they had switched to Russian so she couldnt understand what they were saying and she was a bit miffed. They had their reasons though, she thought.
Almost there, you got everything? Packed and ready to go, you ready Sue? asked Urie
Yeah. 
The truck turned off the track and onto the airstrip. Ing was outside the plane with the door open and the motor ticking over. Having spotted them he jumped in and throttled up. Bringing the old plane over to them, Ing leaned out the window, You late Mr Urie, me in big trouble now. 
Urie pulled $20,000 out of his pack and tossed it up to Ing, he caught it and stared at it for a moment before grinning from ear to ear. 
We have an extra passenger, is that okay? 
Ing shrugged, a great impersonation of a French mans shrug. Urie said his goodbyes to Matt and boarded the plane. Sue bent down as Wolf hobbled over and she rubbed his head. He turned his head slightly, moaning with pleasure and she looked into his eyes, Okay, Ill give it one more go. 
Wolf turned towards Matt as Sue stood up, Look Matt, I know I messed up but he turned away and walked towards the truck. 
Half way to it he stopped and turned. Sue thought for a moment that he had changed his mind, but he hadnt, Wolf, you coming or going with them? He paused for a moment then followed Matt. Sue went and got on board the small plane, the noise was incredible. Urie handed her some earphones with a mic. Sue looked at Urie, Youre right, he is a stubborn bastard. 
I know no more than you. Although he also respects stubbornness. In his world its classed as a good quality to have. Sue looked puzzled. 
The plane started to turn, kicking up a huge dust cloud. 
We ready to go Mr Urie? 
One moment, Ing 
Urie handed Sue her backpack, Like I said, he respects stubbornness. 
The penny now dropped and Sue opened the door.
Remind him about Muhafazat al Qadisiyah, hell not thank me for telling you, but thats for a later time. 
The planes engine roared and it headed down the runway. The dust cloud rose. Matt and Wolf watched for a moment then turned and headed back to the truck. He only got a few paces before stopping. Matt was now staring at the dust cloud as it slowly dissipated. Out of the cloud came a slim figure carrying a backpack. 
I screwed up, I cant change that and neither could you in Muhafazat al Qadisiyah. His face hardened, Urie said you would not like him telling me that.
He should know better. 
He only told me because it had been a long time since he had seen you so happy and relaxed. 
Did he now? 
Yes, he did. 
Wolf went to Sue and nuzzled her thigh, she stroked his head. Matt started towards the truck and without turning he cast a comment over his shoulder, Are you coming? Wolf howled softly. Coming or not? he slowly headed towards Matt, but Sue stayed put. You as well, and she grabbed her pack and ran after him. She was sure she saw Wolf smile and inwardly she was smiling as well. 
They drove for at least twenty minutes in complete silence, both staring straight ahead. Sue stole a glance at him; his face had not changed, it was still hard, chiselled granite. Matt had no idea that Urie had told her his thoughts.
Matt has never grieved over the death of his two sons, never cried because in his world men dont cry. He needed to vent and let it out. Even a man with his ability to absorb pain and block out emotions has his limits, and Matt is at his. 
What do you think hell do? 
I have no idea, but trust me, it will come. 
Sue was now thinking of what Matt may do. She believed he would explode in an extreme bout of violence. Men of his upbringing and training could do no more. The next thing that came to her was would it be against her? Twenty four hours ago she would have categorically no, but now who knows? Should Matt go mad she had no idea what she would do. Bumping over a large rut brought her back to reality. Looking out of the window she watched the jungle go by. Before all this the foliage, smells and sounds would have fascinated her, now it was just the norm. 
I will need to stop soon to use the ladies, she got a nod as a reply. Time for another tactic. Sue decided to see if she could put a crack in his face, I wish youd shut up, youre giving me an earache. 
Matt glanced at her, If Id have known you were going to give me this much earhole pie, I would have sat in the back with Wolf. 
Wolf looked up at the mention of his name. At last Matt smiled, not much of one, but a start. More than she had expected. 
Granddad George used to say that to Nan. 
The ice was broken, now to keep it rolling, I bet she had a smart arse reply? 
She did. Never stopped him though. 
I really do need to stop. 
Matt pulled the truck over. She past him, saying in a childlike voice, No peaking, then was off, returning within a minute doing up her jeans.
Did you peak? he shook his head, then they were back on their way. 
Matts face had softened, but only slightly. Sue had a question that she had to ask, Where do we go from here? 
To a small water way. His answers were short and to the point, but every word he spoke made her feel she was making headway, now it was time to shut up. 
The next half an hour was driven in silence, the scenery started to change with a waterway popping through the trees and bushes. Matt stopped the truck facing the river, Take all you need, Im ditching the truck. 
With their packs on Matt started the truck and punched it into first gear, it shot forward, splashing into the river, then slowly turned into the current, bobbing along for some time before it sank. There was nothing human left to be seen now, just the natural jungle surroundings.
Matt led the way with Wolf at his side. He had not spoken to Sue so she just followed behind him. After hours of trudging through the jungle Sue was covered in sweat, not that it bothered her. Considering what had happened, this was like a pleasant Sunday afternoon stroll. Matt stopped and spoke to Wolf while stroking his head, Not much further boy, soon be there, only another hour. 
She noted the genuine concern in his voice. Matt looked up at Sue. His face was still hard, though not as hard as before, maybe he was softening. Giving Wolf some water and taking a drink himself he set off again. Sue drank from her own canteen. He set off, keeping the pace slow for Wolf. The time seemed to fly by for Sue, as she went through what Urie had told her over and over again, and what the possible outcomes could be. The one thing that Urie had said kept returning to her, He has spent most of his life protecting people, people he never even knew or never would, yet he had failed to protect two most precious people in his life. 
Sometime later they rounded a bend and approached some huts on stilts, there were children playing at the waters edge who ran inside once they spotted Matt. Three men emerged waving. Matt waved back. As he closed in on the men he started to speak in their language. After a few words all three men were grinning ear to ear, and the whole party walked down to the huts. The one Sue presumed to be the leader offered setting in the shade. Matt was still treating Sue like she was not there, so when drinks came out he just took his and carried on talking, she helped herself. Wolf was given a large bowl of meat and fish, and he took only moments to consume the lot, took a long drink went to lay down and rest. The children were fascinated with him, although none went to close. Matt was still talking, so Sue took herself off for a look around the area. It all looked strangely familiar. Three huts on stilts, a small jetty with wooden canoes and some fishing nets hanging. Sadly she remembered the horrific scene of the young girl being raped and murdered and she shed silent tears for her. The shouting children jarred her out of the bad memory, and wiping away the tears Sue went and sat on the jetty. Removing her boots, she let her feet dangle in the cool water, gently kicking them back and forth. Sue had no idea how long shed sat there before Matt, Wolf and two of the men came walking over, Time to go. 
Sue shrugged her shoulders, Okay, and walked over to get her pack. While on the jetty shed decided that if this was how the rest of her time with him was going to be, shed leave at the first opportunity. Hoisting her pack on her back she followed them. Just out of sight was a large boat made of aluminium, with a big motor at the rear and a dirty white canopy covering the mid-section. Beneath that was two bench seats with an open space up front. Sue smiled at Matt, I wont ask how you managed to pull this one off, a large boat in the middle of nowhere? 
Get your things on board, were leaving. 
Matt was helping Wolf aboard when she replied, You should return those laughing pills theyre not working. 
Matt was helping Wolf onto a blanket, but paused for a moment at that comment. She thought he was going to reply, but he didnt. Sue tried a couple of more times to start up a conversion with him but it was a one way street so she gave up, contenting herself with chatting to Wolf. At least she knew he couldnt reply, and it wasnt because he was rude or angry. 
The boat glided along the river uneventfully. She let her mind drift, while the exotic scenery floated past her unnoticed. She was starting to wonder whether she should have just stayed with Urie. Matt suddenly swung the boat left to avoid a log in the water and Sue was sent sprawling across the deck along with their packs. Straightening herself up she saw that out of his pack had fallen an old, small leather wallet, which lay open on the deck. Inside it were two photos, one was a young woman which she knew had to be his mother by the age of the picture, along with her features. The other one had two boys, she instantly knew who there were, they were the image of him. Sue reached out to retrieve the wallet, Leave it, dont touch it, he almost shouted, his eyes burned into hers. Leaving the tiller Matt came over and shut the wallet before putting it away in his pack. Putting his face only inches away from hers he spat out, Dont ever touch again, ever. Is that clear? The look on his face scared her for the first time, and she thought he was going to strike her. He had a small amount of white spittle on the corners of his mouth. Sue remembered him telling of the times both his grandfathers had struggled to control their tempers and was sure he was now doing the same. Matts fluid movements now seemed edgy and uncoordinated, unlike before.
Back with his hand on the tiller she noticed the white of his knuckles. Sue turned to look straight ahead and left him to deal with his demons. They sailed on, both wrapped up in their own thoughts, and as the light started to fade Matt pulled the boat into the bank.
Matt set camp then camouflaged the boat. He sat apart from her, choosing to eat alone. Even Wolf stayed clear. Everything he did was out of character and hard work. He seemed to have lost all his patience, throwing empty tins into the bush and staring intensely at nothing. Sue could only guess at the massive struggle going on in his head, the huge forces battling it out, sanity, reason and total professionalism verses total grief and the uncontrollable urge to get revenge. Just to complicate matters he believed their deaths were entirely his fault. She had no idea what it was like to carry that sort of guilt around, but she really wanted to help him, if only hed let her. After eating a silent meal Sue decided to go to bed. It had been a long day, and as Matt had said no lights tonight, sleep seemed the best idea. Sue took one last look then pulled down the mosquito net, laid down and went to asleep almost instantly. 
* * *
She woke with a start sometime later. There was a strange thumping sound coming from outside the tent, or was there? Sue lay still for a moment trying to work out what the sound was. Another thought occurred to her, had Matt heard the sound? And if so, why had he not dealt with it? Was he still here or had he gone and left her alone? Now she was starting to panic. There was another sound, so low she was struggling to hear it. Wolf, it was Wolf whimpering, so he was still here. There was no way he would abandon Wolf, her yes, but Wolf never. The thudding noise continued. She went to the net and looked outside, what she saw shocked her and she took a sharp breath and clamped her hand over her mouth, hoping the sound didnt carry. Matt was standing in front of a large tree, stripped to the waist, pounding it with his fists. Every punch had deadly intent, his arms were moving like steam pistons. Despite the knuckle dusters he wore, Sue could still see the torn flesh of his hands. She checked her watch, it was twelve seventeen and the full moon gave the scene an eerie feeling in its silvery light. Sue just watched as he pounded away. She had no idea how long hed been punching the tree, although it must have been some time because the tree had lost most of its bark and was very fibrous, along with deep cuts where he had been hitting. His whole body glistened with sweat and was dripping from his nose and chin. Matts face showed no sign of emotion. Wolf lay watching with his ears flat, whimpering. She knew he was feeling Matts pain. Sue decided not to interfere and to leave Matt alone, so she sat quietly watching. It was some time before he slowed up and eventually stopped completely. His arms fell to his side and the knuckle dusters slipped from his fists hitting the ground with a thud. With his broad chest moving in and out like huge bellows, he bowed his head, staring at the ground. Sue felt for him so much now, one of the most feared men in the world now looked completely beaten. Matt took a small leather wallet from his back pocket and opened it, gently rubbing the pictures with his thumb. She had to resist the urge to run to him, sure it was not over yet. Slowly, ever so slowly, Matt raised his head, looking upwards and stared into the night sky. What he said next horrified her. 
If there is an afterlife...and youre there, God, no matter which one you maybe, Christen, Muslim, Hindu, Greek, Roman, Viking...be afraid, be very afraid. Gather your best warriors around you for when we meet...I will kill you for what youve done to me. 
The look on his face spoke of nothing but death and it scared Sue. Shed heard many men curse the gods, but none had ever threatened to kill one. Matt held his upward stare for a while, like he was challenging one of them to do something. Matts body relaxed slightly and he fell to his knees. Sue could stand it no longer, she ran to him and slowly knelt in front of him, taking his face in both her hands she gently massaged his checks, then pulled his forehead to hers, when they touched a shiver shot through her body. Its okay, Im here now...just us two and nobody else. She saw recognition in his eyes and continued, Men can cry. 
His eyes started to fill with tears and then they flowed, slowly at first. Sue lent forward and kissed his cheeks, the salty taste of his tears ran over her lips and onto her tongue, his big shoulders sagged and he started to sob. 
Let it out, let it all out...no one can see, and pulling his head onto her shoulder she held him tight. The gentle crying turned into wracking sobs, now his whole body was jerking and the tears flowed freely, running down her back, soaking her shirt and the top of her knickers. Sue could not care less, she was not going to let him go until he wanted her to. How long he cried she had no idea, it was a long time before he stopped. She carried on holding him even though her arms and shoulders ached with his weight. Matt raised his head and looked at her, his eyes red from crying. Lay down Matt, you need to rest, and like a child he laid down, curling up like a baby. Wolf went and lay next to him. He drifted off quickly and within minutes he was snoring gently. Sue had never heard him snore, which meant he was in a deep sleep. She watched him for a while then realised that it was now up to her to guard him. Slowly and gently she removed one of his pistols and was surprised by how heavy it was. Sue found a good spot, and for the first time in her life she was prepared to fight, and die if need be, for someone, no questions asked. Wolf got up and came over to her. She whispered to him, Its up to us tonight, so keep alert. Her breathing had unconsciously become shallow and she could smell so much more than normal. Her senses were heightened, in battle mode. She had witnessed Matt in this state many times by now, but it was a first for her. 
Sue felt so alive right now. God, she said to herself, I feel like I could out run Usain Bolt. The new sounds and sensations were fantastic. She took a long time absorbing them and while she did so she remembered something Matt had said to her a while back, when she had asked him if he was ever scared, Fear, yes I feel fear, its a great weapon if you can control it. Now I know what he meant, she thought, Im beginning to think this is better than sex. Well, not quite, but close. The last thing she noticed was just how much faster her brain was now working, she was on a high and she knew it, but as with all highs its followed by a low, but shed deal with that later. 
Time seemed to be travelling at the speed of light, she had no real idea where the night had gone and now there was the faintest hint of light from the rising sun. Sue looked at Matt, he was still sound asleep so she whispered to Wolf, Breakfast? Im starving, she was feeling really tired now so doing something would keep her mind active. Suddenly Wolfs head shot round and his ears were standing up. Sue froze, then slowly lowered herself to the ground, she couldnt see or hear anything. Wolf hadnt moved, then she heard it, faint but there it was, a faint rhythmic sound of a motor, followed by the sound of branches being moved. Searching, someone was searching in the undergrowth. Why? Fear and panic instantly set in, she was shaking uncontrollably. Sue moved their packs further into the bush before slowly crawling over to the log where Matt was sleeping. Wolf leopard crawled into the under growth, the sound was now much closer. She picked up the heavy pistol, resting it on the log as she had to wipe the sweat from her hand, the noise now seemed incredibly loud, why hadnt Matt woken? Maybe theyll pass, but what if they dont? Then she spotted them, three men in a small boat looking into the undergrowth. Slowly Sue raised the pistol, resting the butt on the log. The boat closed in, she had already decided that if the sound from the motor changed then they had been spotted and she would act. The boat and men were now directly in front of them, Sue held her breath. Suddenly the motor coughed and spluttered, she re-gripped the pistol, the whites of her knuckles were clearly visible and the sweat was running down her face into her eyes. The motor restarted, resuming its rhythmic sound, and to her relief the sound was getting quieter, meaning the boat was moving away from them. Her concentration had been so intense she never heard Matt wake up, let alone draw his pistol and move next to her. Sue looked across and noticed him, the sound of the boats motor was now away in the distance.
Nice work, said Matt. 
Thanks, I had a good teacher. 
He smiled for the first time in two days, a genuine smile, warm and friendly. Sue relaxed, feeling totally exhausted. Matt looked at her for a moment, trying to find the right words to say, I owe you an apology for the last two days, its been complicated. 
Yes...yes you do, I didnt mean to screw up. 
I know, its my fault, I should have allowed for the fact that you are an investigative reporter and being nosey is what you do for a living. 
Sue smiled, Its not that simple, but thanks, she was glad he was back to his normal self again. 
I owe you one, Miss Young. 
No problem, you can buy me a beer. 
Done. 
Wait a minute, you agreed to that too quickly, I should have asked for more and would have got it. 
Youll never know now, and they both chuckled. 
Sue stopped and looked serious, On a more important note, are you alright now? 
Fine. Breakfast? 
Sounds great. 
Matt went off to sort out the food. Wolf strolled back into camp, bounding up to Matt when he saw him awake. After eating Matt cleaned the area and loaded their boat and the three of them set off on the river again. Sue was not sure whether to raise the events of last night or not, but she concluded it was best to let sleeping dogs lie. 
When they got back into the boat, Matt stayed at the tiller, and Sue and Wolf were laying down in the front. They were both were soon sound asleep. Matt ate two more tins of bacon burger while listening to Sue gently breathing in time with the sound of lapping water on the hull. He eased the throttle back so as not to wake his new protector. The thought made him smile, now he had shed some of his inner demons could he possibly become normal? Matt shook his head, normal, what the hell was normal? He had no idea. 
Revenge, first he had to have his revenge, then he would think about normal. The faces of Barker, Dent and Butler came into his head; they would die by his hand. Matt bent down and scooped up a handful of water, splashing it over his face and hair. Come back down, he said to himself, your time will come, and he smiled.
Three hours passed before Sue started to stir, and it was another five minutes till she was fully awake, Hmm, got any coffee?
No, but theres a village about an hour away, we need to stop for supplies and we can eat and drink there. 
Are you asking me out on a date? she laughed. 
If you like. 
I like, Sue sat back smiling from ear to ear, not that he could see her. Matt, havent you forgot something? 
With a strange look on his face he replied, No, I dont think I have. 
Well Im shocked. Mr Memory has forgotten, Wolf, who would have thought? Matt made a quick inspection of their things, even tapping his pockets, and was now looking confused. 
What is it you perceive that I have forgotten? 
Sue tapped the side of her nose and laughed, X-ray vision, ring any bells? 
Matt half smiled and shook his head, I wish Id never used that phrase. 
Ah, but you have, did he also wear his underpants on the outside of his trousers? Sue now couldnt control her laughter. Matt let her continue laughing and only began speaking when she had stopped.

Chapter 13

That year Matt arrived for the summer break as usual. Alice seemed normal, but George was a different story. He was preoccupied, he was under pressure from a new south London gang wanting to take the doors from some of his clubs and pubs. There had already been some set-tos and now it had escalated. It all came to a head on the 3rd August 1968. 
There had been a call at the Addington Arms; the south siders were going to attack the Black Swan pub opposite Bow Church. George had sent his best men, Mr Brown and Mr Smith, with Deny in charge. He was going to put an end to this right now. George waited at home, dressed and ready in case he was needed. Matt sat in the front room with Al and Nan Alice. Even though he was only ten, he knew something was wrong, but didnt know what. The attack was due to start at 8pm. At 7.45pm there was a knock on the front door and Al went to answer it. A man she knew as Flick was standing there grinning, with about twenty of his men waiting in the road.
Nice to see yer again, Al, then came the sound of his flick knife springing open, Im here to sort your old man out. Flick ran the South Siders. Six feet tall and stick thin, he had bright ginger hair with a line of freckles across his nose. His teeth were smoke stained and he had tiny, rat like eyes. 
Flick had made two mistakes; firstly he had under estimated Al, and secondly he was way too close. Al struck, gripping Flicks wrist and digging her nails in so hard she drew blood. He screamed in pain, dropping the knife and with Flick being off balance she pulled him towards her, smashing his face with a head butt, then shoved him backwards. Flick staggered back, falling over the low wall and rolling into the gutter.
Dad, the South Siders are here, theres about twenty of em. 
George was up and down the hall in an instant, Matt, you stay ere. 
George stood next to Al, What do you slags want? 
Flick was up again, brushing himself down and looked up smiling. You, you old wanker, your times up. 
Suddenly from the back of the mob came a scream, That ginger lesbo bitch is mine. A large, fat, black-haired woman pushed her way to the front, wearing heavy mascara with long black eyelashes and a lot of rouge, and rose red lipstick. She was still quite attractive for a fat lady. Her dress was black with big red roses all over it, Im gonna kick your poxy head in, you lesbo bitch. 
Al said nothing, she was a veteran of many fights and knew when to talk and when to fight. This was not going to be a hair pulling, handbags at ten paces fight. 
Lets let the girls have their little dust up, then you, me and the lads are gonna have a chat. 
George looked at Al, she nodded and stepped into the street, rolling her head and flexing her arms like a boxer, then a shout went up from the mob, Do er Rosie, do er. 
The rest joined in, Rosie, Rosie, Rosie. 
Big Rosie rushed forward, so did Al, neatly sidestepping Big Rosie. Al hit her with a right hook in the ear, tearing out a big gold earring.
You fucking bitch! she screamed, and came again swinging with both fists. This time Al stood her ground. Both women were now throwing punches, neither backing up, like two ice hockey jocks going at each other. Everyone lost count of how many punches the girls had thrown. Rosie was the first to step back, then Al did the same. Rosie had many cuts with blood running down her face, and Al was not much better off. Rosie was blowing like a huge rutting elk. Al put her thumb to the side of her nose and blew out snot and blood. She was also breathing heavily, but not as bad as Rosie. Neither took their eyes off each other. Rosie grinned, the blood running over her teeth made her look hideous, Youre a better fighter than I thought, lesbo. 
You aint bad yourself, fatso. 
Rosie had, like her boss Flick, made the mistake of underestimating Al. Rosie put out her hand, Good fight. 
Al knew this trick, after all she had been trained by the greatest street fighter known, her dad. Al extended her hand and like a cobra striking, Rosie grabbed her wrist. She screamed in triumph as she yanked Al towards her, and at the same time hurtled her head forward in a massive head butt. Al dropped her front knee and put her head down like a charging bull, suddenly throwing all her weight upwards. Rosies face imploded on the top of Als head with the force of a charging rhino. Rosie fell to her knees; it was hard to see any expression on her face due to the amount of damage she had sustained. Al stepped forward, grabbing Rosies hair and pulling her head back, hitting her three times in the face before throwing her to the ground. Her big frame took a few moments to stop moving, but she still had one good eye and turned to look at Al. She just had enough time to see Al kick it shut.
George was the first to react, jumping into the fray. Flick, being the nearest, never saw the big fist with a knuckle duster wrapped around it crash into his temple. He went down like a sack of shit, and two more went the same way before they started to react, surrounding him like a pack of hyenas around a lion, no one wanting to get too close. Al spun a small built man around and nutted him, then drove her knee hard into his balls, making sure he would play no further part in the fight. Rushing to her dad, Al punched the nearest man and elbowed another. George smiled as she stepped in and stood with her back to his. 
A large, bald headed man took control, Come on lads, rush em. 
He was the only one that moved. George dropped him like a stone with a straight right. Leaderless, the mob didnt know what to do. 
Matt, you have to run to the Black Swan and tell Deny whats happening before they kill the both of them, said Alice.
Can you not just call them on the phone Nan? Thatll be quicker. 
Alice dashed for the receiver and asked the operator to be put through to the Black Swan. 
Matt went to the front door. Flick had now fully recovered and shouted at his men, Charge em you gutless wankers, NOW! 
The remaining men charged all together. Punches and curses were being exchanged by all. Al was not fairing as well as her dad. Matt, without any hesitation, grabbed the cricket bat from behind the door and rushed to help her. Jumping as high as he could he brought the edge of the bat down on the closest man to Al. He toppled to the floor and without stopping he hit the next in the knee. The man howled and bent down to touch his knee, but the howling stopped when the bat hit his face. Suddenly Matt felt a hot stinging feeling and found he was flying through the air, hitting the kerb and was now completely winded. Al broke free and rushed to his side. Picking him up, she carried him to the hallway placing him down gently. As she turned, three men were on her. Two grabbed her arms and held her tight, and the third was smiling. He undid her trousers and slid his hand down the front, Lets see what we have in here. What do you think boys, cock or fanny? his cruel laugh was cut short by Alice. Grasping his hair she pulled his head back and with Georges cut throat razor slashed him across the face. The man made a weird sort of scream, and his mouth was now twice the size it had been. Spinning, Alice slashed another on the arm who yelled and let go of Al, who punched the last bloke in the stomach and then bit off his ear. 
Now all three of them ran back outside to assist and Al and Alice went to help George. Matt picked up the bat and went after two men some thirty feet away who were heading back into the fray. Both were covered in blood but not fully out of the fight. Matt launched into the attack, landing three blows before taking a hard punch fully to the jaw. Now he lay unconscious in the street. Alice saw him and came running over. Flicks lookout shouted that help was coming in the form of Deny and Georges gang. Flick waved for their cars to come and he jumped into the side of his taxi. It was the only car he liked to be driven around in. Alice was cradling Matt in her arms, he had started to come round a little.
Lets go, shouted Flick, as he stood on the outside of the cab. He thought it made him look like an old Chicago gangster. Matt, Matt you okay? Matt tried to speak. Shh, its fine, its over now. Theyre leaving. Matt looked up to see her big smile, but even in his semi-conscious state he knew the fight wasnt really over. 
Flick ordered the driver to stop next to Alice and Matt. He walked over with a sick smile on his face and his hands spread out, palms up. 
Alice, Alice, Alice, I have to go now love, heres something to remember me by, and then like a striking snake he punched her on the jaw. She fell forward, out for the count and he laughed as he left. George roared and ran towards them his hobnail boots crashing on the cobbles. To Matt it sounded like a whole regiment of the cold stream guards was coming at them. 
ALICE, ALICE, he shouted. Sliding to a stop he gently lifted her up into his arms, Alice talk to me. Alice. 
She mumbled something, and he looked up as the last car turned down Addington Road towards Bow Road. George was glaring at the back of the last car with murder in his eyes. Alice murmured and George carried her into their house, with Al bringing Matt. 
Deny arrived two minutes later. Al filled him in on what had happened, and his rage rose up instantly. He punched out the car window. He wanted to go over to the South Side and get revenge, but George refused.
No Deny, we wait and we plan. 
I say we go now, right now, he shouted, and George jumped up and faced him shouting back.
I say what we do here, not you. Look, look at my Alice, Al and Matt, dont you think I want get the bastards that done this? But we have to do it right, not some half-cocked plan, got it? 
Yeah I got it, his voice seemed to be more normal, but the rage in his eyes told another story. 
Where did you get that info from about the attack on the Black Swan? asked George.
Joey Driscoll, why? 
Think son, think. On the strength of that info you and the lads were drawn away to the Swan, leaving us alone. 
That slimy little shit, Ill kill em, see if I dont. 
Stand the boys down, and Deny? 
What? 
Dead men cant talk, and we need info. 
Okay, I get it, Deny turned to Little Brian, get the Zephyr. 
Half a mo Im 
Get the fucking Zephyr now, shit head, Deny raged. Brian took off like he had a rocket up his arse, he knew well enough to do what he was told when Deny was in this mood. Getting in the front of the car Deny growled, Find me that little shit Driscoll, and the car roared off. 
Deny sat back thinking, how he could have been so stupid? He had taken the whole gang and left his boss, friend, mentor, vulnerable and in such danger. Ill never do that again. 
Do what, Boss? 
Nothing, just drive. 
The Zephyr sped along Bow Road towards Mile End so they could start the search for Driscoll. 
Deny closed his eyes and thought of how he had met George. He had been with him for nearly eleven years now. The memory he was searching for came back to him. It had been a Saturday. There had been four of them beating the crap out of him. He was fighting back, but they had the numeric advantage on him. It was the two Maskell brothers and a couple of their mates. All because he had lifted Gill Maskells dress up in the playground at school. 
Whats all this then? came a booming voice, the four lads stopped and turned towards the voice.
The older Maskell said, Whats it got to do with you old man? Piss off. 
Grabbing two of the lads by the hair, and one other around the neck he replied, A fucking lot. I dont like uneven fights. You son, you wanna fight this one alone? 
Yes, Mister. 
Go to it then, and Deny set about the older Maskell, catching him twice in the face and knocking him to the floor. And this one? George pushed the other Maskell forward. Deny made short work of him as well. Both were now on the ground and bleeding. Letting go of the other two he said, Get your two playmates up and piss off. 
They all ran off, but the older one turned and gave George the two fingered salute. 
So, you can fight a bit then son. 
Your George North aint yer, Mister? 
George nodded.
Thanks Mr North, I owe you one. 
George smiled, Save it for my grandsons, Im big enough and ugly enough to look after myself. He took hold of Denys face between his thumb and finger, turning it from side to side, Youre okay, just a bloody nose and a red ear. Go on, get yourself home, lad. 
Deny looked at him for a moment then swallowed hard and asked, Mr North, you got any work? Im strong for my age. Well, thats what Mum says. 
Whats your name, son? 
Deny, Deny McBride, Mr North. 
Well Deny Boy, what sort of work do yer think Ive got for a lad?
Ill do anything, anything you say. 
How old are you, son? 
Thirteen...and a half.
Shouldnt you be at school? 
Me and school dont get on that well. 
George smiled and nodded, remembering how he had hated school, Where do you live, son? 
Jollies House off Bromley High Street. 
I dont have work for thirteen year olds. 
I could be your apprentice. 
No, George turned and walked away. Denys shoulders sagged as he watched George walk off. Stopping at the kerb to let a car pass he turned, Be outside the Addington Arms twelve oclock sharp tomorrow, and dont be late. He crossed the road. Deny watched, grinning from ear to ear. He felt like all his Christmases and birthdays had come at once. Punching the air, he walked home. 
* * *
Sunday couldnt have come quick enough for Deny. It had been raining hard since 8.30am. Deny looked at the clock, 10.15am, time to go. He didnt want to be late, but the fact that it was only a ten minute walk didnt seem to matter. Deny got to the Addington just before 10.30am and stood next to the door in the rain. He was soaked before he even got there, not that it mattered to him. Lou arrived half an hour later, hidden underneath her bright yellow umbrella, clicking up to the door in her yellow high heels, not the best footwear in this weather, but she never wore anything else. 
What you doing here, lad? 
Waiting for Mr North. 
You mean George? 
Yes Miss, he said I was to wait here. 
The names Lou, and I dont think he meant you to catch your death of cold. What time did he say for you to be here? 
Twelve, and not to be late. 
Lou looked at her watch, Its 11.00. Youve another hour to wait. Come inside and dry out. 
No thanks, Miss. I mean Lou. If its all the same to you Ill wait here. 
Suit yourself, its your funeral, the doors open anyway. 
Pulling up his collar and tucking his head down, he settled in for the duration, and the rain never let up.
An hour later George arrived. He glanced at Deny as he went in, but Deny stayed put.
Lou handed George a drink, Whats with the kid outside? 
Hes looking for work, Lou. 
Hes been there since at least 10.30am 
I like keenness, its a good sign. 
I dont know what you want with a beat up kid. 
Hes not beat up, just a bloody nose and a cuffed ear. 
Well thats not the same kid, the one out there is well bashed up. 
George looked at her quizzically, Bob, tell the lad to come in. 
Bob opened the door and put his head around the edge, Oh, son in ere. 
Deny came in and stood by the door dripping wet. 
Cold son? 
No, Im fine, Mr North. 
Oh, Mr North now is it? someone shouted mockingly from the bar. 
George growled a reply, Nothing wrong with respect now, is there? no one answered and everyone went back to their drinks. Walking over to Deny, George lifted his face up. His left eye was swollen shut, and the right was only half open, his cheeks were a reddish blue and his lips were slightly swollen as well. Lou was right, he was well bashed up. 
Give me your coat, son. 
Deny winced as George helped him out of his coat, then George put a hand to his ribs, and he winced again. 
Right, whats happened here then? 
Deny looked down and for the first time noticed the puddle that had formed around his feet. 
Deny, what happened? George asked again in a calmer voice, Those four lads didnt do this now did they? Who did? 
I aint no grass, Mr North. 
Thats good son, but I aint no copper, if you want to work for me you answer when I ask, if you dont like that then shut the door on your way out. 
Deny took a deep breath, It was my dad, well my step dad, he dont want me working for you, hes a bit handy with his fists when hes been drinking, he said if I come here therell be a lot more of this when I get home, and thats it, Mr North. 
Right, first things first, get upstairs and get them clothes dried. Lou can you sort this for me? 
Course I can, upstairs lad and get them clothes off. 
Deny didnt move, he had never taken his clothes off other than at home. 
Come on lad, jump to it. 
Go on lad, shouted Smiler, youre not the first and wont be the last, thats for sure, he laughed. 
Shut it Smiler or youre out, Lou did have a reputation, not that she cared, youre only here once she would say. George called Mr Brown and Mr Smith over Go up to Bromley High Street and find out what you can about Denys step dad.
* * *
The next evening George was sitting in a snug in the Black Swan, the only snug that let you see both doors into the pub. Mr Brown and Mr Smith were standing at the bar, a few punters came and went as the evening went on, then Mr Brown nodded as a tall thin man came in a bit worse for wear. Mr Brown and Mr Smith intercepted him before he got to the bar and steered him over to George. 
I know who you are North, and you dont scare me. 
You have something of mine. 
Dont think so pal, looking at Mr Brown and Mr Smith he said, You can tell these two apes to piss off as well.
Brown moved closer, George very slightly shook his head. Full of beer and bravado he carried on, Go on apes, piss off the pair of yer. George indicated that they should go back to the bar, both men held his gaze then left. If Denys step dad had been sober he would have run a mile, instead he was beer brave. 
Denys working for me now. 
No he aint, you tell that little bastard to get home, or Ill beat the shit out of him again. 
George struck with lighting speed, breaking a glass and standing it jagged side up, at the same time he grabbed Denys step dad and started to slowly force his face down towards the broken glass. He tried to resist but George was way too strong for him and the longest shard was now only a fraction of an inch from his eye. 
Alright, alright hes yours, he squealed. The pressure never let up and the sharp glass was now touching his eye, sweat was dripping from his face, I said alright have him. 
George flung him back and stared at him, he could smell the piss that was now showing at the front of his trousers. Dont make me come back, George then got up and headed for the door. Denys step dad ran for the toilets. Mr Brown and Mr Smith followed George, and without turning around he said, The rest of the nights yours, see you in the morning, and left the pub. The two men smiled at each other and headed straight for the toilet. Deny never saw his step dad again and in a week he had moved into Lous spare room. Six months later on his fourteenth birthday Lou gave Deny a present he would never forget. 
Deny was now smiling as he opened his eyes and ruffled Brians hair Any sign of him yet? 
No Boss, glad youre back, Denys smile broadened. What about you Jono? a large pair of hands appeared over both his shoulders, they were huge like a pair of baseball gloves. 
Nothing yet well get em. 
Berretta, you see anything? 
Nothing. 
Deny spun round and looked at him, Berretta was small, 4ft 8 inches tall and the top of his head was just above the car window.
Would a couple of cushions help? 
Fuck off, and the whole car erupted with laughter. They never found Driscoll that night, and it was a couple of weeks before they did.
After the street fight the police came down heavy on the gangs, but the attacks didnt stop. The top boys who really run Londons underworld called a meeting between the two warring factions. The fighting had to stop so that business could carry on as usual. The meeting was to take place in an old empty warehouse on Tobacco Wharf and each gang could only bring six men, no guns. Matt travelled on the floor of Als Mini, if George had seen him he would have exploded. Al had already been to the site and scouted it out and stopped her car back from the others. Al directed Matt up an old external fire escape and through a broken window, there was another old wooden wall with small dirty panes of glass. The night was pitch black and there was rain in the air. Al watched until Matt was out of sight then went to join the others. 
The two factions faced off. George didnt take his eyes off Flick. Big Ron Gould stood and started to speak, The reason for this meeting is to agree the truce so things can return to normal. I spoke with you both earlier and you seemed in agreement, so is the truce agreed, gents? 
Neither side said a word, so Ron went on, George agreed? You stay your side of the water and Flick stays his? 
If you say so, Ron. 
Flick? 
Whatever. 
Then the matters settled. 
Georges head turned slowly to face Ron, No, no its not. Me and that skinny shit have got some personal business to sort out and nothing will be settled until then. 
George, I thought we had an agreement.
Then you thought wrong, Ron. 
The atmosphere was becoming tense and extremely volatile, like the words from a Bonnie Tyler song, Living in a powder keg and giving off sparks.
Remember your place, North, one of the other bosses said.
Piss off, he replied. 
Ron could see this was not going as planned and he needed to do something and fast, the body language on both sides told the story. Ron spoke quietly to the other bosses, Let me deal with this, okay? They all nodded. Ron knew George from the old days and could see the rage rising, So you want a one on one with Flick. Why? 
He punched my Alice in the face. No one does that, not you, not em, nor the devil himself. Not while Im still breathing. 
What, our Alice? Ron looked shocked even though he knew all about it, What do you say, Flick? 
George answered first, I dont give a toss what that shit says, hes avinit, George was getting louder with every word. 
Well Flick, what you got to say about this? 
Ron, said Flick with his arms spread out in that international gesture for be reasonable, The slut deserved it. 
George had to be physically restrained by four of his men. Flick just laughed.
No need for that, Flick. 
Up yours Ron, do I look like I give a shit? Rons face hardened. This young upstart needed a lesson in respect for his elders, he thought, and George was just the man to do it. Then again, if he failed no loss to him. Ron had made sure each gang only brought six members, although he knew each had a run outside to send for reinforcements should they be needed. He on the other hand had twenty five men all carrying guns.
George, youve made your intensions very clear, so Flick do you think youll be able to handle this old man? 
Flick smiled, he was going to deal with this prehistoric idiot and then take what was his by right, When do you want it old man? 
Now. 
Both men started to prepare, George took off his flat cap, coat, shirt and vest, handing his things to Deny. He didnt have a bad body for a man of his age, maybe a couple of stone more than was good for him. Flick on the other hand only removed his jacket, lean but mean in his white silk shirt and silver drainpipe trousers with black patent leather shoes, highly polished, and even leaving his tie on, he was that confident of winning. 
Both men walked forward to face each other, George hard faced and Flick grinning.
When Im finished with you old man, I might see what your Als like. Never shagged a lesbo before, Flick laughed and kept the mocking up. George on the other hand was an old school fighter, he let his fists and eyes do the talking. Flick threw four quick punches, George blocked them all and then another two which he let hit him. Flick was dancing around like a ballerina throwing light, fast punches, his gang were cheering every blow and Flick was lapping it up, he would suddenly stop and bob his head around in front of his adversary. George had yet to throw a punch.
Come on old man, at least make a fight of it before I end it, he laughed. 
Another three punches hit George in the face, Stop is art, screamed big Rosie. 
Flick looked back, Watch this girl, Ill show you how its done, and as Flick turned around George hit him square in the mouth. Flick hadnt seen George step forward and he was sent reeling, ending up on his arse. He jumped up and looked down at his shirt which was now covered in blood, Thats gonna cost you, you old shit, this shirt cost thirty guineas. Flick made a big deal of wiping the blood from his mouth with his left hand, letting his right hand slide into his pocket. It may have fooled most but not George he had seen it before and was ready for it. Taking a couple of backward steps he also put his hands in his pockets. Flick, with the speed of a striking snake, pulled out and opened his flick knife. Gone was the clowning jester, now standing there was a cold hearted killer. Georges hands came out a lot slower, but on them were his famous knuckle dusters. 
So youve got your two dusters and me with only one knife, cant have that now can we? and just as fast as before he drew another knife in his left hand, see one, play one. Im gonna carve you up big time, pal. Flick danced left then right, always moving, his hands shooting out like a snakes tongue, each time cutting George on the arm or chest. George on the other hand was throwing big punches and not landing, meanwhile his opponent was moving constantly playing with his adversary. Flick was using the huge steel beams that held up the roof to dodge around and hide behind, making George chase him, while laughing all the while. 
Ever heard of a death by a thousand cuts, old man? swish, two more cuts on Georges arms. He was now blowing with the effort of the fight, looking tired and way off balance every time he missed, taking a few backwards steps, he looked down at his arms and chest which were now covered in blood, he also had a long cut from his ear to his chin, not deep but still a bad cut. 
Getting tired old man? I can keep this up all day. 
George stayed silent. He put his thumb to the side of his nose and blew out snot, then did the same with the other side. 
Bet he cant remember the last time he got it up, Flick, screamed Big Rosie. 
Al moved forward, Deny put out his arm to stop her, Not now, not here Al, later, she had the same expression on her face as George, Later, Al. Later, and she relaxed slightly.
George brought up his fists and moved in again. Flick was jubilant; the dancing killer went forward to engage his opponent. George threw six more punches, all missed and his heavy arms fell to his sides and his shoulders sagged. He looked like a condemned man resigned to his fate. Flicks grin grew and his blades flashed, he had been to Spain that year and watched his first bull fight. He loved it. The climax was when the matador plunged two swords into the bulls heart, and now he saw George as that bull and he was the matador. 
TORRO, TORRO, Flick drove his blades at Georges heart, but they never made it. Georges hands shot out grasping both of Flicks wrists stopping the blades from reaching their intended target. For the first time in the fight George allowed himself a smile. Flick was desperately trying to free himself from the vice like grip he was in. Squeezing and twisting, George made Flick drop both knives. George knew what was coming next as Flick tried to kick him in the balls. Flick screamed as Georges steel toe capped boot shattered his ankle, the sound echoed around the warehouse. No more the dancing, laughing destroyer. He was reduced to a hobbling clown as George led him around. Flick never stopped trying to release himself from Georges grip. Suddenly Flick found himself being propelled backwards, and his head hit the same steel beam he had earlier hid behind. The sound reverberated around the warehouse, it sounded like Big Ben striking. Flick was now semi-concussed, he never even saw the punch coming. It started from Georges toes, up through his calves, up still further to his big thighs, onwards, picking up speed and power though his massive back muscles and along his broad shoulders, getting super charged as it went along his arm, culminating in his fist. The heavy punch hit Flick like a steam train, his fist smashed through Flicks face and only stopped when it was half way in. George withdrew his fist and Flick slumped to the floor in a sitting position with his back against the beam, his face resembled a ball of Putty a child had put his thumb in. Unable to breathe, he died on the floor. George stood and watched him die, taking a deep breath and raising himself up to his full height, expanding his huge chest and looking like a giant. It was then that George turned and looked up to where Matt was hiding; he stared at the place for some time, shaking his head. Al now started to dress his wounds.
You shouldnt have brought him. 
Who? 
Your mum will go mad if she finds out. 
Shed better not then, had she? 
Ron came over, Nice work George, nice. So we have an agreement then? 
Its not me you need to ask, Ron. Denys running things from now on, Im gonna retire to Dagenham. 
Everyone was shocked, but none more so than Deny McBride. 
Al asked, When? 
In a couple of weeks, been working on it for a while. 
Okay, Al would follow her dad anywhere, no matter what. 
Deny, do we have an agreement? asked Ron again. 
No, I want all the doors within one hundred yards of any bridge crossing the Thames. On the South Side. 
Eric protested, he was Flicks number two, a hard man although he lacked leadership and charisma.
Shut it Eric, if you want to live, bellowed Ron, agreed, Deny Boy. 
Deny now, just Deny. 
* * *
Ron was an uneducated man, self-taught to read and write. In another world he could have been a successful banker or share dealer. Judging a mans character, that was what Ron was really good at, he could suss out a mans strong points as well as weak, and looking at Deny he saw a man full of confidence, bags of charisma and a healthy dose of ambition. Ron knew that the hundred yards was only the start. Deny was establishing a beachhead to start his offensive against the South Siders. Ron couldnt care less, he would get his cut and from who didnt bother him. He could now go to his acquaintance Chief Constable Robert White and tell him the war is over. They would meet at the same spot in Fobbing, Essex, have lunch, and he would hand over a brown envelope to Robert and in return he would get the protection he needed.

Chapter 14

Sue could not be happier, it was like the last two days never existed and even Wolf looked a lot better. She waved at oncoming crafts and they waved back, this was her happy time. How long it would continue she didnt know, but she was going to enjoy it while it lasted. They soon rounded a bend in the river and a village came into view, it was much bigger than she had seen on the river before, although nothing compared to a western town but it was good to see some signs of civilisation. The down side was it meant that they were nearing their journeys end, the thought made her sad for a moment, not that she would tell Matt that.
A few minutes later they were docking. The jetty was large with walkways leading from it and the place was teaming with people, Looks like market day or a celebration Matt, either way, can we still eat out? 
Why not, what are you thinking of having? 
Id like a large fillet steak with all the trimmings. 
This isnt the Ritz, but Ill see what I can do. Someone else looks like hed like a steak as well. 
Sue looked at Wolf, Ill split it with you if theres only one, hows that? he put his head on her thigh and got himself a stroke. The boat bumped into the jetty and Matt spoke to some native men, pointing at the boat and its contents, then gave one of them a hand full of dollars as Sue looked on. 
Hell refuel the boat and put in more provisions.
Do you trust him? 
No, and he knows that, he also knows not to cross us. These people have a fear of large dogs and Wolf ticks all the boxes. I also told him Wolf will be looking after the boat. 
Sue looked sceptical.
Oh, I also promised to double what Ive just given him when we return. 
Money talks? 
It does around this neck of the woods. Matt started to pack a few things in his backpack, take all your valuables, passport, etc. just in case. She did the same then the party headed off. The primitive planks creaked making Sue slightly concerned, but not Matt, he and Wolf went off striding down the jetty without a second thought. 
Sue was surprised by the height of the buildings, all were on long wooden poles at least ten feet in the air, most had wooden walls and corrugated tin roofs, some even had glass windows, although most just had curtains up. They all looked like theyd blow over in a light puff of wind. 
Sue had to ask, Why are they all on stilts? 
The monsoon. At the moment down there is a street, but when the rains come it turns into a river, she only nodded in reply not wanting to go too close to the railing. Matt approached a group of young boys and speaking fluently to them, he offered one boy a twenty dollar bill, but before he could take it Matt pulled it back and tore it in half giving the boy one of the halves he spoke again. Sue had no idea what he was saying until the lad looked at Wolf, he showed his teeth and the lads eyes opened as wide as saucers. He backed away, in fact they all did. Matt smiled at the lad then went on ahead. 
Youve been here before Im guessing. 
A few times over the years, Cens uncle owns the bar restaurant where were going to. 
Oh him, I mean to have a word with that boy. 
Matt chuckled, You shouldnt be mad at him, he was only doing what I asked. 
Thats as maybe, but Ill still have that word. 
He shrugged his shoulders as he walked on. Sue was noticing that she was getting a lot of unwanted attention from the locals, they had a strange, curious look on their faces.
Dont they see many westerners here? 
Yes quite a lot, just not many women. Youre a curiosity and novelty to them.
She didnt see many men around, mainly women and children. She tried saying hello and waving, but was only greeted with blank looks. Sue was sure the kids would have come over if it wasnt for Wolf. Matt took the stairs two at a time, she looked uncertain as they were now going up again to a higher level. This level was full of women, all being really friendly, well to Matt anyway. Sue was studying the womens clothes, clothes were her thing; she had wardrobes full of them. These women were wearing very similar clothes, some tied up around the middle, depending on the size of the woman.
Here we are, after you, Matt opened the door and she went in, the aroma was overwhelming. Tobacco, clouds of it, hanging from the ceiling like old London fog and the noise was very intimidating, she could just make out some rock music somewhere in the back. Then a huge cheer went up and the bar shook. 
Matt explained, Its the only TV for miles around, and footballs on. 
Right, not exactly Upton Park. 
You a Hammers fan? 
Sue punched her right arm into the air and shouted, COME ON YOU IRONS! 
Matt laughed.
Whats your team then? 
Come on you Irons! 
Well, you learn something new every day. 
Sue was taking in everything around her and was amazed by it all. Matt tapped her on the shoulder, Stay close, you dont want to get lost in here. Matt pushed his way towards the bar, then spotted someone he knew and waved. There was a lot of shouting and a gap appeared. She knew it was Cens uncle, he looked just like an older version of Cen. The two men shook hands then embraced like old friends do. Sue waited for them to finish and looked around, the place was mainly full of local men drinking and gambling, no wonder there are only women and kids outside, it seemed that the men from the whole village must be here. 
Sue, she turned at the sound of her name, this is uncle Cen. 
Ah you be Miss Young, yes...pleasure me meet you, nephew tell me lots. 
Pleased to meet you too. Is that young nephew of yours here by any chance? 
Him no, he good boy do as he told, we sit outside. 
So Im reliably informed, but Sue was not sure if he had understood what she had just said, it didnt matter 
Ha Wolf, he went to Uncle Cen who looked at the bandage. He spoke rapidly to Matt and he answered at the same speed. 
You no worry Wolf, I have cure for you, you see. He shouted to a barmaid who immediately ran out the back, Come, I have best table, follow please. 
The crowd parted as they walked to the rear of the bar. Sue realised that Uncle Cen must be a big man in the village by the way people moved aside, or was it Wolf? Before she could answer herself they reached the veranda at the rear of the bar. There were ten tables in all, eight out of the ten were full but there were two tables to the right and Uncle Cen headed for them, in the opposite corner there were eight western men loud and drunk. She watched them for a moment longer than she should have, inadvertently catching the eye of one of them and he leered at her drunkenly, Look you blokes, a proper Sheila, Im up for that. 
Sue gave him a look that said youve more chance of pissing into the wind and staying dry. She turned and walked to the empty tables.
Did yer see that, Stevo? She wants me, the group laughed, she was sure he was still looking at her. 
The barmaid who had been shouted at appeared with a large tray. On it were three drinks, a plate of raw meat and some sort of herbs. Sue thought that they were going to have to cook the meat themselves at the table; shed had ostrich meat like that once in Gran Canaries. Uncle Cen took the herbs and crushed them for a minute before mixing them with the raw meat, when he was satisfied he put the lot down for Wolf, Herbs good for healing, taste like shit, then laughed. 
Sue noticed the Australian drunk who had made the comment was still staring at her, she quickly looked away, Water for Matt and me, gin and tonic, right? 
Yes thanks, she looked questioningly at Matt, he shrugged his shoulders and drank.
I need to talk to Uncle Cen for a while and it needs to be in his language. 
No problem, youve already given me earache, and they both laughed, so did Uncle Cen, although she was quite sure he never understood a word of what they were saying. Again, she noticed the drunk staring at her, should she tell Matt? No, she was a big girl now and it wasnt the first time either. Sue amused herself by leaning over the balcony, watching some local women clean todays catch at the waters edge about fifteen feet below her, there was thirty feet of slimy mud before the women got to the water and the only way was on single plank walkways. On the other side of the water were mango type trees leading into the jungle. Small birds were feeding on whatever scraps they could get from the women. Sue turned round to look into the bar, making a big effort not to catch the drunks eye, but in her peripheral vision she could see him still ogling her. Sue now decided not to look his way again; instead she turned her attention back to the women cleaning the fish and got lost in watching them work. Uncle Cen got up and headed for the bar, All sorted? she asked.
Yes just getting an update, Urie made it back okay. 
Does he know who the Aussies are? 
Yes, mine engineers, held up because of some trouble at the mine two days ago. Matt smiled. 
When are we going? 
Now if you like. 
Good, I think I prefer the river to here. 
Right, Ive just got to use the loo then were off. 
Okay, get a move on then. 
Problem? 
No. 
Matt got up and left. Wolf followed and Sue went back to watch the women. Moments later a hand slapped down on the hand rail and the other went onto her shoulder, she shrugged it off. The drunk leaned close to her ear, and with the smell of booze on his breath he said, Whats a nice girl like you doing in place like this? he slurred, making his already Australian accent more pronounced. 
Go away. 
Why dont yer come and sit with some real men, not some pommy bastard? 
Go away.
And what if I dont? 
One of the group shouted, Whats her tits like, Jono? 
Dont know yet, Ill put my hand in and find out, the hand on the rail moved upwards towards her breasts, when all of a sudden it was jerked away.
You heard the lady, go away, Matt grabbed the drunk and threw him back towards the bar. Along the way he knocked over a table and all its contents. The drunk staggered back to his feet. 
You pommy bastard shit, youre for it now, he lurched forward.
Go on Jono, do em good, shouted someone. Jono threw a punch but Matt leaned back out of range, letting the mans momentum spin him round, then grabbing his collar and the top of his trousers, Matt hoisted him over the rail down into the thick, slimy mud fifteen feet below. Jonos arms and legs flapped like he was trying to fly, but he didnt. Instead he hit the mud with a loud slap, and the more he tried to get up the more he fell over. The women were in stitches of laughter, and the more they laughed the more he tried to get out, which only made them laugh all the more. The other seven men got up and readied to fight, beer bottles were broken and they meant business. Wolf was up, teeth bared ready to leap and attack. Stevo rushed forward with the remains of the beer bottle in his hand. Matt grabbed his right hand and raised it up out of harms way, then head butted him. Stevo went down, dropping the broken bottle. Wolf was on him in flash, clamping his mouth over his groin. 
If you move, hell rip the family jewels right off. 
Stevo looked down at a mass of teeth. Wolfs saliva was running down the front of his jeans. 
Well I aint gonna bloody move then, am I?
The others had stopped and were just staring at Matt. In the process of launching Jono over the rail his jacket had come undone and the others were looking at the two black menacing pistols under Matts arms. They may be drunk but none had a death wish. At that moment Uncle Cen burst on to the veranda with some of his men in tow, in his hand was a huge meat cleaver. 
Whats going on here Matt? 
Too much beer and not enough brains. 
All beer, no brains ha ha ha, came from Uncle Cen. It sounded so funny in his broken English and thick accent, it almost made Sue laugh. 
You want fight with me and my boys? Or drink beer and fuck girls? 
Wolf let Stevo go and returned to Matts side.
Well have the beer and girls, one of them shouted. As they went back to their table with the girls, the broken glass was swept up and things returned to normal.
Hey you blokes, what about me? shouted Jono from down in the mud.
River muds good for your skin, one shouted back, and they all burst out laughing along with the girls. 
Ah, come on you fellas, but no one took any notice. 
Uncle Cen showed them out, saying his goodbyes, and went back into the bar. Matt, Sue and Wolf walked back towards the jetty, So much for a good meal. 
Dont worry, theres a nice little place down here. 
When Uncle Cen came out, I have to say thats the biggest chopper Ive ever seen. 
You really need to get out more, Matt laughed loudly. 
Sue punched him hard on the arm, You know what I mean, and she chuckled along with him. 
Matt stopped at a little shop and ordered the food. To Sue it looked like a fish and meat kebab, or thats what she thought, but either way it tasted fantastic and was a real feast. Wiping the juices from her mouth with her already messed up shirt, she let out a large, satisfied burp. Back at the boat Matt gave the other half of the twenty dollar bill to the boys and on the jetty he paid the men the rest of their promised money.

Chapter 15

Back on the boat they set off again. The next few hours to Sue, were probably the best she could remember having. They chatted for hours about everything and nothing, totally relaxed. She wished it would never end. 
You okay? Youve gone very quiet all of a sudden. 
Just wishing this would never end, but I know it will have to. 
All good things come to an end, its the way of things. 
Youre right, though it doesnt make it any easier. 
Its never over till the fat lady sings. 
Sue smiled at this, shed heard Urie use the same phrase.
Im glad Urie got home alright. I liked him. You know when I first met him I didnt think he could do what he did to Drogski, not that I have any pity for that monster. 
You would if you had children, Im sorry. But you can be grateful that you will never know what its like to lose them, or have them murdered. 
But youve killed so many, how can you say that? 
All in combat or self-defence.
Sue now took a moment to reflect, his openness was back along with his smile and sense of humour. The last two days seemed like a life time ago, it was hard to believe they had happened at all, but they had and she now made herself a promise, the next time he told her to do something she would do it no matter what. Sue would do this not through fear of physical harm, just the fear of losing what she now had. 
Well set up camp over there, seems a good enough spot as any. 
I agree with your choice.
Do you now? Thats good to know. 
Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit, did you know that? 
Better than no wit at all, both smiled at the familiar joke as the boat gently ran aground. Ten minutes later they had set up camp and camouflaged the boat with bushes, and were now sitting around a small fire waiting for the water to boil for coffee, Is it necessary to camouflage the boat? 
Force of habit, an answer she expected. 
* * *
Once again Matt was cleaning his weapons. She liked to watch him do this, to her it was like watching a robot at a factory; all his movements were precise and organised. The water boiled and Sue made the coffee, both pistols were now cleaned, reassembled and put away in his holster. 
I dont know how you carry those bloody heavy guns around with you all the time, they weigh a ton. 
Ive told you a thousand times not to exaggerate, and they both chuckled.
She liked his light hearted moods and hoped this one would last. In fact, she was liking it more than she should do. When you have been carrying them around as long as I have, you dont even notice them. Theyre almost a part of me now. 
I think if I had to fire one it would tear my shoulder from its socket.
I doubt that, but they do have a kick if youre not used to them, I may have something that will suit you better. Matt opened his pack and withdrew a small pistol in a black holster, compared to his other guns it seemed tiny, Its a Glock 38, I have one on an ankle holster just in case, I rarely use it though.
Suddenly and effortlessly he withdrew the Glock, spinning it round and offered it to her butt first. Sue at first wasnt sure she wanted to take it and then thought she should, the Glock felt good in her hand, she moved it up and down weighing it up. Strangely enough it felt right, it had a nice feel to it, Is it loaded? 
Yes, but not cocked, and never put your finger on the trigger unless youre going to shoot. 
Sue immediately took it off and placed it along the trigger guard like shed seen done on the TV, Sorry its my first time. 
Not a problem, how about some shooting lessons tomorrow? 
Im not sure if I...yeah, why not? 
Good, right there are some things we can learn now. 
Right, fire away. 
Nice pun. First rule, never wear a gun unless youre prepared to draw it. Second, if you draw your gun be prepared to shoot and possibly kill what youre aiming at. Third, always keep the safety on while carrying your gun, even if its in the holster. Fourth, keep your finger off the trigger until you need to shoot, forget what youve seen in the movies and TV, more people are killed by their friends than the targets if they dont obey this rule. Fifth, always keep it clean and oiled. Follow these basic rules and youll be fine. 
I will, do you think an ankle holster is best for me? 
No, what do you thinks going to be best for you? Waist or shoulder? 
She had no idea, having never carried a gun before, so taking him as an example she replied Shoulder, the left shoulder, I think youre the expert here. 
Well lets start there then, its all about personal choice and what suits you best. Opening his pack Matt took out a few items and laid them out on the ground, studying them for a moment before he started. Matt took out his knife and started cutting then rearranged the cut items, not happy with his work he started cutting again, this time he nodded his head in agreement with himself. Sue looked confused, to her they seemed like a lot of straps with the odd buckle here and there. Going back to his pack he brought out something that made Sue smile, a needle and thread. 
Sue let out a short laugh, Whats up your hem dropped? not now being able to contain herself she laughed loudly. 
Matt wanted to smile but instead he raised his eyebrows, like an old school teacher would at a stupid comment from a pupil. Taking two straps he started sewing, she was amazed at how neat the stitching was. 
A womans work is never done, cooking, cleaning, ironing, hoovering, and not to forget sewing, now she roared with laughter, so much so she could hardly breathe. 
Matt took it all in his stride; Coffee for the worker? Sue slowly stopped laughing and poured two mugs of coffee from the small pot hanging above the fire. Placing them in between them she watched the mugs steaming, it reminded her of a camping holiday she had taken with her parents and her brother Giles. They had gone to a steam museum and had a ride on a working steam engine.
A penny for them? 
What? Oh, just remembering a holiday I had with my family, we had a ride on a steam train, the steaming mugs reminded me of it. 
Ive been on a real steam train, its not like the ones today, it was much better. 
Id love to go on one again, you know, on a long journey. 
That sounds like fun, who knows maybe you will. 
I dont think so, I dont think they run anymore. 
I know theres some in India, anyway try this on to see how it fits. 
Matt held up her rig like a tailor and indicated for her to raise both arms; he gently laid it on her shoulders. Do the front buckle up, then we can see how it fits, looking down at the straps and holster under her left armpit she moved her arms around. 
Seems okay. 
Right try it with the Glock in. 
Sue placed the Glock into the holster and moved her arms again. 
My top tip of the day, always check the safetys on before you holster your gun, Ive seen many people shoot themselves when drawing in a hurry. 
It feels a little tighter around the ribs now. 
Matt put his thumb between the strap and her back sliding it around, testing the straps for tightness, as his hand came around the front it brushed against her breast, and it sent an involuntary shudder right through her body, like shed touched a live wire. 
Sorry, did I hurt you? 
No, just ticklish. 
The moment she had moved Matt removed his hand, fearing he had hurt her, Im fine Matt he made a small adjustment and tested it again. Sue suppressed the coming shudder so she could enjoy his touch.
Hows that feel? 
Much better. 
Right, try drawing and holstering. 
Sue drew and holstered a few times while Matt watched.
How does it feel now? 
Sue could see the seriousness on his face, like a teacher watching his pupil, so she decided to take it very seriously as well, Its not bad, but it seems that I have to lift the gun first before it comes out. 
Draw and holster some more for me...okay take it off. Matt unpicked some stitching and sewed, she was mesmerised by just how dainty and dexterous he was for such a big man. Those same hands had not long ago killed men and now were creating such a wonderful thing. Then from nowhere a thought shot into her head, I hope he tests it again, in fact she found herself actually looking forward to it. Now her inner thoughts were at war, professionalism against personal needs. The professional thought said youre only here for the story; but the personal thought laughed, who are you kidding? 
Matt spoke and interrupted her inner conflict, Try this on, should fit better now. 
Slipping the rig on she tested it by drawing and holstering a few times, it was perfect. The Glock slid in and out with ease. 
Looks much better. 
She also knew this but out of the blue she said, It still feels a bit tight around the ribs. 
Matt stood behind her and ran his hand around to the front testing the tightness, as his hand came around Sue found herself pushing into it, making sure he ran his hand over more of her breast. A bolt of pure pleasure shot from her brain to her groin, this time she could not contain the shudder, You are sensitive, feels fine, maybe you just need to get used to it. 
Thanks, then she quickly moved away from him and sat next to the fire. Taking up her mug she drank, the coffee was hotter than shed thought and it burned her tongue. 
Think Ill turn in for the night. 
Matt blew the steam from his mug, Sure, sleep tight. 
You too. Sue pulled the net down and stripped down to her underwear and got into her sleeping bag. Laying there she felt a bit ashamed at what shed done, but it did feel good, very good. Sues hand drifted down to her panties, there was a damp patch, she smiled and told herself Youre a naughty girl Sue Young, a very naughty girl, her smile broadened and she fell asleep with it still on her face.
* * *
Sue felt herself being gently nudged awake; putting out her hand she expected to touch warm skin, but instead she found only fur and lots of it. She had to admit, part of her was disappointed. Okay Wolf, Im awake, Sue closed her eyes only to have a big wet tongue lick her face, Wolf, I said Im awake, she exclaimed, wiping his saliva from her face. The aroma of fresh coffee was wonderful and it seemed to hang in the dense morning air. As Sue poked her head out of the tent, she was just in time to see him put eight rashers of bacon in the pan, the sizzling sound was instantly followed by the delicious smell of it cooking. Sue took a deep breath in throw her nose, enjoying the twin aromas of coffee and bacon. She had a friend in London who was a strict vegetarian, but he would always admit that the smell of cooking bacon made his mouth water. 
Morning sleepy head. 
What time is it? 
Just after nine. 
I didnt mean to sleep for so long. 
You havent, Id say you had around seven hours. 
How do you know how long I slept? 
I heard your breathing change to a slow rhythmic sound, the sign of sleep. 
After theyd eaten Matt broke camp and loaded the boat, Sue got her things and it was then she remembered her rig and Glock. They were next to her pack. She slipped it on and put her things in the boat. Matt looked at her The rig okay still? 
Sue thought about having another test and then she thought better of it, Yes, fits just fine. 
All three boarded and set off again, she decided to spend the next hour practicing to draw and holster. After some hours training she believed she had this drawing thing down to a tee, and like most people Sue had become over confident. Drawing and taking two imaginary shots, she spun the Glock on her finger twice, then it spun off and landed on the floor of the boat. Sue rushed to retrieve the Glock, jamming it back into its holster. Looking straight ahead her face flushed red.
Its not a toy. 
I know, it worked for Roy Rogers, she didnt see him smiling behind her, when do we get to shoot for real? 
When you know how to clean her. 
And whens that? 
Patience is a virtue, we stop in two hours. 
Sue only nodded, she didnt want him to see her face, as it was still flushed red. During the journey a few locals in canoes passed and waved she waved back, Matt called one over and after some haggling brought a basket of fruit.
They look nice. 
Be my guest, I really brought it for the basket. 
Sue had no idea why but was sure he would tell her later. Sue chose a nice looking mango and started to eat. Half way through she asked Matt, You not eating? They taste wonderful. 
No thanks, theyre generally full of worms or their eggs, they can infest your stomach. 
Sue spat out the fruit in her mouth and in an angry voice said, Why the bloody hell did you let me eat it? Matt smiled and shook his head, she realised hed conned her, again, and she threw the remaining piece of mango at him. Matt was now laughing loudly. All the same, she didnt eat anymore of the fruit. 
A short while later Matt ran the boat aground. After a short lunch of Matts favourite meal, bacon burger, bread and coffee, he offered Sue some fruit, No thanks, Im full. 
Matt shrugged and went on to eat the lot. Placing a cloth into the basket, he asked for the Glock. She removed it from its holster and handed it over. Matt placed it on the cloth, Now, watch carefully. 
Sue was expecting some sort of magic trick and in seconds she got one, the Glock was now in pieces on the cloth. Right, this is as much as you need to strip it down to clean it, Ill slowly put it back together, then repeat it again, after that its up to you, so concentrate. The parts were reassembled and the Glock reappeared from a pile of bits. After repeating the actions again he gave the Glock back to her, Now you try. 
Her first attempt was woeful, the second was not much better, but five more tries and she felt it was getting better. 
I always place the first part the furthest away and work towards it myself. 
Sue nodded, concentrating. The Glock was now complete, lying in the basket. 
Why the basket? 
So you dont lose any of the parts, lets load up you can practice on the move.
But its bumpy at times she moaned.
Hence the basket. 
Sue spent the next few hours stripping it down and putting it back together again, occasionally looking up to see him nodding in approval, this meant so much to her right now. 
Now try it with your eyes shut. She did, and found it was not as hard as she would have thought. Seven more times she did it with her eyes shut and holstered it. Satisfied with her hours of work, Sue sat back, her fingers were aching, but that was more than compensated for by her feeling of satisfaction and achievement. 
Hungry? she asked Wolf, but she knew the answer, he was always hungry. She opened a large tin of bacon burger. Sue shared it with him, and stretching out she watched the river go lazily by. 
Sometime later the river narrowed somewhat, making the overhanging branches seem even more dense than usual. 
When can we start the shooting lesson? 
Ill need to find a quiet spot, maybe an hour or so, there should be a nice small tributary coming up. 
Sue was not sure where the question came from and why she needed to know the answer at this particular time, but it was in her head and now she had to know. Have you ever been shot? 
Matt looked straight ahead pondering and said nothing. 
Id have thought that youd have remembered something like that and not something youd need to think about. 
Yes and no. 
What do you mean yes and no? Thats not an answer. 
Hmm, Ive never been shot for real, thats not say I havent been shot by someone with a gun. 
This is like a game of Cluedo, let me guess, Colonel Mustard, in the library, with a paintball. 
No, JFK, in Grandfather Hines office, with a cap gun. 
What the JFK? 
Is there another? 
Youve got to be kidding, right? 
Sue was sure Matt had met many famous and infamous people in his time, but JFK would have been dead years before Matt could have known him, she was taken aback by this statement. JFK was to her the most famous president of the USA.
Amazing, when and where? 
June 1963 in Berlin, at Grandfather Hines house on the Wannsee, it was the time of the Ich bin im Berliner speech. 
I never did quite get what that was all about, I understand the sentence and know what he was trying to say, in effect unity. 
True, it was just the choice of words, a Berliner is also a cake, or to be more precise; a doughnut. 
Sue thought for a moment, letting her hand slip over the side of the boat and ran her fingers through the cool water. So the bottom line is, the most powerful man on the planet stood up in front of the world and said, Im a doughnut.
Thats about the strength of it. 
Did he know that? 
Matt shrugged his shoulders. 
And he stayed at the house on the Wannsee? 
Yes, it was a massive house overlooking the lake. It had its own jetty which always had boats or yachts tied up and its own private beach. In the winter we would ice skate. I had some really good times there. 
Sue watched Matt silently for a while and was sure he was reliving some of those moments. 
Does your family still own the house? 
Not sure, maybe. 
Sounds nice, maybe Ill go there someday. 
Its changed a lot since I was last there, a new hospital has been built and there are lots of clinics as well. Still, its worth a visit now the wall has come down, you can take a boat around the whole lake, sail under the spy bridge and past the Sonnsasee Palace. I think theres still a glass blowing factory there. 
Will you ever go back there? 
No, its all changed just like Bow, all the people I know have gone and so have a lot of the buildings. Sue thought that was sad, she liked to return to places shed been years before to see what had changed. Then she thought that he maybe just wanted to move on, she could relate to that. 
Why was JFK at your grandfathers house anyway? 
His company did a lot of exporting to the USA and they had shares in a many American companies. He had a lot of clout and knew many powerful people. 
Sue looked at Matt and smiled while shaking her head, Youre a strange one do you know that? Me, I come from a middle to upper class background, but you, you come from the highest level of the upper class in German society and are just as at home in the English working class. Amazing. 
A rare mix. 
How come Ive never heard of the von Halls? 
The people with the real power and money are rarely seen or heard of, as Albert told me and is relevant in all cases, be concerned about what you can see and know, but be very concerned about what you cant see or dont know, you should try to remember that. 
I will.
Their boat continued down the river, she noted that it was becoming very busy with many other craft of all shapes and sizes. Some of them were so overloaded she didnt know how they managed to stay afloat. Matt steered the boat over to the far bank, bouncing over some other boats wakes. 
Are we stopping? 
No, just looking for an opening, you ready for target practice? 
You bet, time to take out some bad guys. 
Matt held her gaze for a moment, There are no good guys or bad guys, theyre all the same, you may realise that someday. 
Their boat bounced again as it crossed another large wake, Sue gripped her seat as water splashed over her. Then the rough water was gone and they glided towards a small opening in the jungle. She didnt see the opening until Matt swung the boat into it, and they were now cruising along a small waterway maybe ten to fifteen metres wide. The sun burst through the trees. Sue lay back, shutting her eyes, she could have been cruising on the upper Thames on a sunny Sunday afternoon. 
Sue sat bolt upright and turned to face Matt, another burning question had occurred to her, What happened to JFK?
Oh him, not much to tell really. 
Good, then it wont take long, will it? 
Matt took a moment to study her face, then that big broad smile grew across his face, shed grown to like his smile and it never failed to make her smile as well. Contagious; that was it, his smile was contagious. 
Matt started to recall the event, I had no idea who he was at the time. To me he was just another man in Grandfathers office. I was four and a half, and like most boys of that age I was mad about cowboys and had the full outfit; black chaps, a leather waist coat with a big silver star topped with a red Stetson ringed with white tassels. 
Let me guess, two holsters with two guns. 
Yep, youre darn right there missy, he replied in an American accent, two guns, I always had two guns, both six shooters and they had fake ivory handles. Albert had the barrels cut shorter so I could draw faster. With Albert there was no such thing as play.
Matt and Hines always played shooting games, each trying to surprise the other. Ingrid hated it, not that Hines took any notice of that, he had cap guns scattered all over the house and placed strict instructions with the house maids that all his cap guns were to be kept fully loaded and woe betide anyone if they werent. Matt knew someone was in the top room, and who it was didnt matter, he just knew it would be a good chance to catch his grandfather out and he was going to take it. Matt just had to lose his child minder and for him it was a simple task. As Matt approached the top room he could hear men talking inside and slowly turned the door handle. He burst into the room, drawing his guns and started blazing away. All hell broke loose. JFKs bodyguards went for their guns, while Hines men only laughed. Albert smiled, and Hines ducked behind his desk, only to reappear with two cap guns and started to return fire. Matt dived behind a chair still firing, Hines threw one gun to JFK and shouted, Cover me, Im going in. Without turning a hair he caught the toy gun and opened fire. Almost everyone was now laughing except Albert, he just had a grin on his face, no teeth showing. It really did make him look like a simpleton. Matt now had two adversaries and was ducking in and out shooting at both. Hines shouted, Im out of ammo, and JFK said the same moments later. Matt came out from behind the chair, grinning from ear to ear. He looked at Hines who was desperately trying to reload the red paper with black dots on it, his big fingers were too clumsy; its not easy when you have hands the size of hams. 
Matt spoke in his best cowboy accent, This town aint big enough for the both of us, get ready to die, and at that JFK opened fire. Hed lied about being out of ammo, hed pulled the paper strip to one side to make the gun click so that it sounded empty. Now he was fanning the gun, rapid firing. 
Matt pointed an accusing finger at JFK, You lied. 
Let me give a bit of good advice, son. Never trust a word a man says when he is pointing a gun at you. 
Youre a cheat you are. 
Better a living cheat than a dead honest man. 
At that moment Frau Schmidt came in, Sir, sorry Sir, I dont know how he got away from me. 
No harm done. 
Matt was escorted from the room, and as he left he heard a womans voice say to JFK, Do you know how immature you look? 
Do you know how much fun that was? 
Hines never apologised for the incident, Matt could do no wrong in his eyes, no matter what he did. 
Sue looked at him, about to say something. Matt stared straight ahead, she could only think he was remembering some good times from his past. Sue stayed silent and watched him for a while before facing forward, the small offshoot opened into a marshy swamp and she had fleeting glances of some animals, not that she could recognise any of them. Matt returned from his thoughts, You still want to fire off some rounds? 
Sue drew the Glock checked the safety was on and placed her finger along the trigger guard, weighing the Glock up she aimed forward with both hands on the gun, just like shed seen on TV, Yes, more than ready. 
Good, nearly there now, just then a huge snake slithered down the bank and into the water, her arm shot out and she shouted excitedly, SNAKE! Bloody great snake! Sue turned to see if he had seen it, only to find him pretending to do up his flies. 
Sorry, must get this zipper fixed. 
She shook her head, Men and their big imaginations, both were laughing. Matt cut the motor and let the boat drift into the bank and tied it up to a tree. 
Right, lets see if you can load a magazine first, he reached back and got the basket and emptied a box of shells into it.
You want to show me first? 
Matt took her gun and dropped the magazine from the handle, he loaded and using the tip of a round he unloaded at such speed, then he offered her the magazine. 
I would have thought youd have just gone for the loading without me showing you. 
When a man offers to hand me something long and hard I like to think about it first. 
Touch. 
Sue took the magazine and started to load slowly at first, then as she got the hang of it she sped up, now she thought she was ready. Picking up the Glock, Matt leaned over and took it from her. 
Hey, thats mine, she said in a childish voice. 
No more joking, time to be serous, right? 
Right. 
Sue was fully focused as Matt showed her how to load and unload the Glock. Next came the aiming and how to breathe when firing, he liked the fact she was taking the whole thing very seriously.
Okay, the straight ahead is 12 oclock. So this is your first firing order, 11 oclock small tree. 
As it was the only tree on the left side, it wasnt hard to find, she checked a smart arse reply that almost escaped from her lips, now was not the time. 
Can you see that dark spot in the middle? 
Yes. 
Okay, take aim and fire one shot when youre ready. 
Sue did just as she was told; the recoil sent the Glock skywards, the sound of the shot sent hundreds of birds into the air, the noise of their squawking was deafening. Sue looked like shed seen a ghost.
Take a firmer grip, your aim was high left, try again.
This time the Glock jumped but not as much as before, she had been ready this time. 
Low right, try again. 
Sue fired again and again until the Glock clicked empty. 
Dead mans click. 
Whats that? 
Its normally the last sound a person hears in a fire fight, because they forgot to keep count of the rounds theyd fired. 
Sue looked frustrated and sounded it, Ten shots and not one hit, its impossible from this moving boat. 
Matt smiled and spoke in a calm, reassuring fashion, No its not, you just need to practice and concentrate on what Ive told you, you can do it, trust me. 
She looked angrily at Matt then the Glock, and lastly at the tree. She thought it was going to be a lot easier than this. No, its just impossible, youve given me an impossible target. 
Matt raised one eyebrow and she watched as the smile drained from his face. Suddenly, without a word and with blinding speed, he drew both his guns and opened fire, Sue watched as the tree trunk was hit time after time and lumps of wood flew off in all directions and then it fell the top branches laid in the river. Sue was stunned by the speed and accuracy of Matts firing. She looked from the fallen tree to Matt. He had both guns pointing forward and they were rock steady. The smoke was gently drifting up from both barrels. With unbelievable speed and in one fluid movement Matt clicked on the safety and holstered both guns, he came to the front of the boat and knelt beside her.
You just need to practice. Reload and try again, his calm voice seemed to relax her some. 
Sue cocked the weapon and took aim again at what was left of the tree. He came in behind her and took aim for her. Look down the sights, can you see the target? 
Yes. 
Thats what you need to see every time you fire. 
The first shot missed, going little high. 
Try not to jerk the trigger, squeeze your whole hand like you were squashing a tennis ball. 
Sue looked at him, doubt was written all over her face. 
Trust me it will work, now take aim. 
Sue pondered for a moment, then took aim and squeezed her whole hand, the Glock jumped and to her amazement a chunk of bark flew off the remains off the trunk. Now she smiled and took aim firing again, another hit. 
Its not hard now is it? 
No, not now, and without taking her eyes off the target Sue fired seven more shots, all struck the tree, she never fired the last round but kept it chambered and clicked on the safety.
Impressive, very impressive, youre a fast learner. 
Im only as good as the teacher, she said, returning his compliment. 
You up for something more challenging? 
Sure, bring it on. 
Taking an empty bacon burger tin Matt sealed the open end with some plastic secured tape and then he threw it as far as he could into the centre of the stream. Target, front 1 oclock, fifty feet, green tin, fire at will. 
The first round missed by three feet, then click, Sue shut her eyes and took a deep breath, I know, Im dead. 
You would be if cans could shoot guns. 
Here, take this one. 
Sue dropped out the empty magazine into the basket and reloaded with the full one. Sue aimed and started firing while Matt reloaded the empty one, each shot made the can bounce around but no hits. As the ninth shot splashed next to the can she dropped out the magazine and reloaded with the next one, she continued firing. Two more magazines later and the can was still there. Sue looked at the Glock then clicked on the safety, huffing, Look its laughing at me; it knows I cant hit it. 
Matt smiled father like, and gave her some more words of encouragement, If the can had been a man nearly all of your shots would have been hits, had you aimed at the centre mass. 
Whats that? 
The torso. 
Is that what you aim at? 
If its a moving target coming at you then yes, if I have the time then I would go for the head, although either of the two H shots is an instant kill. 
Sue had a quizzical look on her face Two Hs? 
Head or heart. So, bearing that in mind find the cans head and hit it. Try to relax. 
Sue fired again, and again she missed. Sue just stared at the can for a moment then raised the Glock, she took a deep breath and fired again  another miss. 
Matt spoke softly, Feel the shot, be the bullet, see what it sees. 
Sue aimed again and fired. The round thudded into the can sending it to the bottom of the stream. Punching the air and pulling her arm back down, she shouted, Gotcha! Whos the daddy now? a line from one of her favourite film, Scum. 
Concentration, practice, and practice, thats all it takes, so here endeth the first lesson. Break down the Glock and clean it while I take us back to the main water way. 
Back on the waterway they were cruising along. Sue had cleaned the Glock and it was neatly tucked under her left arm, Are we sleeping out again tonight? 
No, Uncle Cen has a nephew in a village downstream. We can eat and stay there the night. 
Great, when can we do some more shooting? 
Maybe tomorrow. 
Not sure if I want steak or lamb tonight. 
Neither, itll be fish, Im sure of that. 
The rest of the journey they made small talk and Sue slept a little, she found that the concentration needed to shoot was quite tiring. 
As the sun started to touch the tree tops around the river, Sue saw the village coming into view. Not so different from the last, she thought. In fact no different to any of the others, but still a welcome sight. 
This Uncle Cen, is he related to everyone on the river? 
Matt chuckled, No, but it does seem that way. 
He found the jetty and tied up the boat for the night, again paying for protection of their boat, and got directions to the nephews house. 
Entering the house Sue was amazed by the amount of children in the place. Are these all their children? she asked pointing at Nephew Cen as she had decided to call him. Matt translated and both men laughed. Sue looked on indignantly as she had no idea what they were laughing at, this fact seemed to amuse them all the more. Okay whats so funny? was her passing shot as she went outside. A little while later he came outside to join her. Finished laughing now? 
Yeah, hes a funny man. Sue never looked at Matt instead she carried on watching the river go by. 
Matt joined her and for some minutes no one spoke, Foods nearly ready, its fish. 
Oh goody, I love fish its my favourite food, you just cant have enough fish, did you know that? 
Someone once told me that sarcasm is the lowest form of wit. 
You and that damned memory, came her smiling reply, and both went inside to eat. Wolf stayed outside, too many kids for his liking, and a large bowl of fish was placed next to him. The house had a distinctly fishy smell, and mixed with the wood smoke and Nephew Cens constant cigarette smoking, it made for a pungent aroma. 
After the meal Matt and Sue went to sit outside and sat on the log bench, partly to give the family time to eat and partly to get away from the tobacco smell. 
Do you know Matt, your lifes a real roller coaster ride, one minute up then the next rushing down, I dont know anyone who lives life like that. 
Youre probably right, Ive never really thought about it. I just tend to get on with whatevers thrown at me in my own way. 
If meeting JFK was an up, what was the next down?

Chapter 16

Matt thought for a moment before replying. 1974 that was a bad year for me, I lost my mother and three out of four of my grandparents. Yeah, 74 really sucked. 
Sue noticed he was staring straight ahead, yet he seemed to be looking at nothing and stayed that way for some time. She had no wish to break his chain of thought so she just waited for him to come back. 
Sorry I seem to have drifted 
Thats okay, I do it sometimes. 
Both my grandfathers died within weeks of each other, it was the passing of two great titans. Nan Alice died six weeks later of a broken heart. Aunt Al had died of leukaemia some months earlier, sad times.
Sue could see the pain in his face, even after all these years it still had an effect on him, Im sorry. 
Why? You never knew them, theyre just names to you, Matts reply was like a slap in the face and he knew it, I apologise Sue that was uncalled for. It still cuts deep, one of the down sides of having a good memory. 
You dont have to talk about it if you dont want to. 
Matt paused for a while, I think it helps, in fact I know it does, I should have done it before, maybe that was a mistake. 
As long as you know Im not pushing you. 
Matt half smiled in agreement before continuing, My mothers death was in truth caused by a chance encounter, one in a billion. Shed gone to Hanover to see a friend, it was her first time in Hanover and as it turned out her last as well. One in a billion chance, he repeated. 
Krista had met Lisa on the platform at the main station and they were now leaving, walking between the mounted statue on their right and the fountain on their left, heading to the tram stop outside the station. Both were distracted with each others conversation and far too busy to notice anyone around them. Suddenly she collided with a man coming in the opposite direction. Lisas bag fell, spilling out the contents all over the floor. The man apologised and bent down to help her retrieve her things, one of the items he picked up was her driving licence, he looked at it for a moment then handed it back smiling. 
Von Hall, thats a very unusual name, I dont think Ive ever heard of that one before. 
Lisa took back the licence and smiled back, Yes it is a bit. 
Strom, Victor Strom, he gave a false name. 
Lisa, our trams here, sorry must dash. 
The two girls boarded the tram, neither noticed Strom had boarded the second carriage and was watching them through the glass, because both were now back to chatting like their lives depended on it. They got off the tram at Fiedeler Strasse and walked the rest of the way to Kristas flat. Following unseen was Strom, and he made a note of her address. Now all he had to do was find out what the number is and for a devious man like him it would be no problem. Then his luck changed for the better as an old lady came out of the main door, Strom dashed forward. Excuse me Madam, one of those young ladies that just went in dropped this, and out of his pocket he pulled a hundred mark note, I dont know which one it was that dropped it at the tram stop, but it was one of them Im sure. 
Oh, thatll be Krista, flat nine, are you a friend? 
Daft old bat, He thought, if I was a friend I would know their names and where they lived, No, never seen them before, I was just passing. 
The old lady had a rather quicker speed of hand than he had thought, in a flash the note was in her hand, Ill give it to them when I return, then she walked off.
Like hell you will you scabby old bag, Strom spoke under his breath. He cursed himself for not getting a ten Mark note out instead, but at least he had her address and tonight she would pay tenfold for the hundred Mark note and for the death of his older brother Axel Kiel. Von Hall was an unusual name; it was the name he believed of the man that killed his brother. 
Kiel checked his watch, 5.47pm, hed wait till 12pm as that was the time they had estimated that his brother was killed, turning up his collar and pulling down the brim of his hat he made his way back to the main road. Kiel continued walking until he found a bar to wait in and he settled in a dark corner, ordered a beer and waited. Kiel was no killer, just an ordinary burglar and not a good one at that, although getting into their flat would be easy enough even for him. Murders were not his intention, just a good beating then rob the place, kicking the shit out of someone and walking away with a bag of cash to him was a good nights work. 
The time dragged for Kiel he spent most of it thinking about his brother, not that they were that close, but he was still his brother. At 11.47pm he left the bar and headed back to the flats, the streets were deserted except for a couple of cats who ran off as he approached. Getting into the main hallway took no time at all and as he crept up the stairs it occurred to him that there were two of them and could be more. Hed been so wrapped up with his brother that hed forgotten that fact. If there was just the two of them, they were just women, but at 5ft7 inches, weighing 71kg, Kiel was not a big man, but he was quite handy in a fight, or thats what he believed as he shadow boxed on his way up. Kiel stood outside flat nine and studied the two locks. The top one would be easy, the lower one not so much. Putting his hand into his pocket he removed his blackjack, it had stopped many half asleep men in its time when they had woken while he was in their homes. He was gently slapping the blackjack in the palm of his left hand, then placing it on the ground Kiel took out his lock picking tools. The top lock was open in seconds, and three minutes later he was in the hallway. Kiel took a few moments to allow his eyes to adjust to the lack of light, then like a shadow he moved from room to room touching nothing, just noting who was where. First he had to know who and how many people were in the flat. Having found that the two girls were the only ones in the flat, he now had to work out how he could complete his plan, but instead fate made the decision for him as the bedroom door opened and Krista came out, full of sleep and needing the toilet. Krista never saw the figure behind her. Seconds later the heavy blackjack came crashing down on her head, Kiel caught her before she hit the floor. He tried to catch the large blue vase before it smashed onto the tiled floor, but failed. The sound it made when it smashed was unbelievably loud. 
Krista is everything alright? called Lisa. Hearing no answer she got up and headed towards the noise. 
Kiel reacted in an instant, grabbing the baseball bat hed seen hanging on the wall and turned in time to see Lisa come out of the bedroom door, the bat swung in a big arc, then made contact with Lisas head. A large amount of the force was taken on her forearm, but hed hit her hard enough to knock her out, which was probably for the best as for the next two minutes Kiel beat her savagely. He concentrated mainly on her back and ribs, causing major internal injury and bleeding. Krista called her name, making Kiel panic. With the bat still in his hand he fled for the front door, grabbing a handbag on his way out. Sprinting down the stairs he burst out into the cold night air. He was sweating like a pig, despite the cold night air, he ran on down the street into the welcoming darkness. 
Krista called an ambulance and then the police. Lisa drifted in and out of consciousness while they waited, and she asked Krista to do one thing for her. Lisa was rushed to the emergency ward, unfortunately the doctors could not stem the bleeding and she died four hours later. 
Lisas death certificate said she had died of massive internal injury and bleeding. Krista left the hospital in tears with her mother and went to stay at her house as she could not bring herself to return to her flat, and she never did. Her family had to fetch her things eventually, as she just couldnt face it. 
Krista now had to a job she really didnt want to do and if she hadnt promised Lisa, she wouldnt have done it. Krista went to the phone in her mothers hall. Looking at the number Lisa had given her, Krista dialled and waited for someone to answer.
Months earlier Lisa met Emma at Georges funeral and they had come to an agreement that Matt could continue going over to the UK and could stay with them. She was not that happy with the arrangement, but Alice had begged her, even though she could not have him at her house as she needed some space, and so it was agreed. Matt had been behaving strangely that day, he knew something wasnt right, but had no idea what. He was now staring at the telephone saying nothing. 
Matt for gods sake whats up with you? said his dad.
You want a cup of tea Matt? asked his younger step brother Bobby. Matt slowly shook his head, never taking his eyes from the phone, his face hardened.
Your brother asked you a question, answer him, said Emma, but before there was time to answer, the phone rang. To Matt it sounded like an air siren going off. 
Dont answer it, Matt almost shouted, his eyes had widened and his nostrils had flared. For the first time his dad could remember, he heard panic in Matts voice. 
Leave it, dont answer it. 
The intensity in his voice was frightening. 
Stop being stupid, said his dad, and pick up the receiver, putting it to his ear, Hello? 
The reply was in German, he knew it wasnt Lisas voice, Its for you. Theyre speaking German. 
Matt didnt move.
Take the bloody phone, come on, theyre waiting. 
Matt moved towards the phone, it was like he was walking through thick oil. Slowly, ever so slowly he took the receiver, raised it to his ear and spoke, von Hall, Varrior von Hall. 
Varrior, its Krista Stein, Im one of your mums friends from Hanover. 
The whites of Matts knuckles was clear to see. Krista was now struggling to find the right words and the wait was not helping Matt. 
Theres been an accident involving your mother and Im so sorry to have to tell you that she died two hours ago, the sentence got faster as she spoke, but there was no reply. Krista waited, it had to be hard for him to take in, Matts whole body was now shaking, everyone in the room watched. 
Not true, you lie. 
Its true, Im sorry, its true. Im really sorry. 
No one in the room could understand a thing as the conversation was in German. 
YOU LIE! You lie! Shes not dead. 
Krista was now crying, Its true, its true. 
Matt hurled the receiver back at the phone and with his fists clenched he shouted at the telephone, YOU LIE, YOU LIE! The rage in his voice was incredible, no one said a thing in the room. Matt spun round and left the room, going into the garden and straight to his granddads old punch bag and hit it as hard as he could. The heavy bag jumped and swung violently every time he hit it, so ferocious was his attack and so intense was his rage, Matt never noticed the rest of the family watching him out of the window. Two hours had passed and he was still standing there throwing punches, now though the bag was hardly moving, but still he kept on punching for another fifteen minutes before his arms dropped to his side. Matt stayed staring at the old bag, the power may have gone from his arms but the intense anger and rage was still there. He didnt move for a further five minutes, just stood there sucking in deep rhythmic breaths. George opened the back door gingerly; hed seen his dad in the same sort of mood before and took care not to make any sharp moves. 
Fancy a cup of tea son? I just put the kettle on, like a robotic machine his head turned slowly towards his dad and with his head tilted slightly down. Matt looked up his face was dripping with sweat and his nostrils were flared, but his eyes made George swallow, they were hard and looked like ice on fire. The blue seemed to be far more brilliant than ever before. George looked down at Matts hands, his knuckles were red and swollen. He said nothing, just stared at him. 
Come on Matt, lets have a cuppa, that bag could do with a rest. You know it makes sense. 
Matts face relaxed very slightly and his shoulders sagged, a little nod and he walked in and sat at the dining table. Heres your tea, son. Do you want to talk? a small shake of his head was the reply. 
Talk Matt thought, weve never talked, youve hardly said anything to me most of my life, so why now? She didnt mean anything to you. No one in the house spoke, not that he cared, he was wrapped up in his own memories of his now dead mother. Two days later Matt got another call from Germany, this time it was from the police explaining what had happened and how she had died, this only added to his grief. The date for the funeral was set and arranged by Kristas parents. Arriving at Hanover main station the day before the funeral Matt was meet by Krista and taken to her parents house in Gottingen. After dinner Krista tried hard to make some kind of conversation. She turned the talk towards the killing of his mother. Krista knew it wasnt going to be easy, these things never were. As she was getting nowhere with Matt, Krista gave up and sat and watched him. The pain was so visible and not having any children of her own yet made it all the harder. Seconds turned to minutes, then to hours. The two of them had been in the same room now for over two hours saying nothing to each other. The silence was interrupted by the phone ringing. Krista went out and took the call; she returned a minute later full of excitement. Varrior! 
My names Matt now, Varrior died with my mother. 
Krista continued excitedly, Its the police, theyve arrested a man for your mothers murder, she was totally shocked by the speed he moved and the power of the grip he had on both her arms.
WHO? 
Krista struggled and was about to say Varrior then checked herself, Matt please youre hurting me. 
For a moment he did nothing, then he let go, Who? 
Krista took a moment to compose herself, Kiel, Willy Kiel. 
Kiel you say? Matt knew the name but it took a moment, but then it hit him like a freight train. Kiel, the bastard who stole their money years before, he also knew it could not be him as he knew what Granddad George had done so it couldnt be that Kiel. Could it be a coincidence that the killer had the same name? Kiel is not an unusual name, perhaps a family member. He couldnt care less, this Kiel would die and he would be the one to kill him. 
* * *
The next day they arrived at the crematorium. Looking around Matt saw no one from the family, not even his Grandmother Ingrid. That fact didnt surprise him, nor could he care less. Dressed in his best suit and with his blonde hair combed the way Lisa always liked it, he waited alone. Matts mind went back to some of the times his mum would check him over before leaving the house, Make sure your hair is combed and you have polished shoes, you can tell a lot from someones shoes you know, Lisa would always say. It meant so much more to her than Matt. He sighed at the memory. Krista came over to tell him its time to go in. Any thoughts of God or Gods evaporated from him as he walked in to the crematorium. The usher asked, Family or friend? 
Its my mother. 
Oh, family to the left, there was no one there, the pews were all empty. On the right were seventeen people, including Krista and her parents. 
Matt looked back at the usher, Just me then. 
Yes, sorry Sir. 
Matt walked to the front row and sat down, his eyes never left the coffin. The service was just a blur of noise with no real meaning, even the few people crying went over his head. Lisas body in the coffin was all that concerned him, that and the incredible desire for revenge. Little did he know just how much it would consume him, none of that mattered now as the music played and the curtains started to close. Matts eyes filled with tears, but none came out. His granddads words screamed in his head, men dont cry. It wasnt until the curtains were completely drawn that he looked around. The people were now leaving. He noticed the kneeling cushions hanging from the backs of the pews. Next to each one was a bible. Heading for the double doors Matt also noted the two large candelabras, each had fourteen candles in, and their flames were gently swaying in the light breeze. Matt made himself a promise, he would never again enter a church or any other religious building, unless it was to kill someone. He was stopped by a big man who called himself Bauer. He offered his condolences and gave him a business card before leaving. Krista took his arm and guided him towards their car, Any news? 
No, Ive been with you most of the time, she smiled trying to be reassuring then added, my father has a friend in the police, hes going to call him as soon as we get home. 
Matt seemed to cheer up slightly. Kristas father went straight to the phone as soon as they got in; he seemed very upbeat as he walked into the kitchen, Looks like theyve got a witness, an old woman who said Kiel was outside the flats at about the time of the murder and he gave her a hundred Mark note to tell him their address. With her statement Kiel is bang to rights. 
Matt felt a little better knowing justice would be served, his mum had always believed in the German legal system. The down side to Matt was how he would now get to Kiel, he would plan and wait, for how long didnt matter to him. 
* * *
The next day they dropped him off at the station. Matt said his goodbyes, knowing he would never see these people again. There was nothing now for him in Germany except Kiel, and that would be some years off. Matt caught one of the many trains that were needed to return to England. He was in a sombre mood when he returned to his dads house in Basildon. George had agreed he could stay with them and go to the same school as Ian, but first he would need some time, so it was two weeks before he had his first day. This was like all his first days at new schools, but this time he wanted it and the day did not disappoint. 
While waiting in line outside a classroom and not being in any mood to talk, five lads came walking down the line, pushing and shoving some of the other pupils around, knocking books out of their hands and laughing. The school bully and his cohorts, Matt thought, and he knew as the new boy he would be targeted.
Leave it out Topase, one of the kids in the line said. 
Piss off, wanker, and his books went flying all over the ground for his troubles. 
One of the cohorts spotted Matt, Ere, Brian look ere, fresh meat. 
Topase gave Matt a hard stare and he stared back. 
What you looking at, shit head? 
Matt could have avoided the oncoming confrontation but he didnt, When they start labelling turds, Ill let you know. 
Quite a few of the girls laughed, this made Topases face redden and he had to do something to keep his standing with the others, You bastard, youre avin it, and he rushed forward, taking his cohorts by surprise. 
Matt knew exactly what Topase would do and how he would strike, side stepping the mad rush Matt caught Topase around the shoulder, threw him up and around then let him go. Topase hit the floor with a thud, rolled over and got straight back to his feet, looking at his opponent who was smiling back at him. Topase charged again swinging wildly, but Matt easily ducked under the punch and landed one in Topases mid-section. He went down like a stone, gasping for breath. The rest of his cohorts moved in and were stopped by a loud shout. 
Stand still, no one move, roared Mr Hardly the wood work teacher, and I mean no one. Topase, whats going on here? but all Topase could do was gasp for air. Speak up boy, I asked you a question, but again he only got a gasp for a reply. You boy, yes you, whats your name? 
North, Matt North and whats yours? Mr 
Hardly, Mr Hardly. So tell me North, whats been going on here? 
Well Topase here was showing us the old Japanese art of self-defence called Jimen ni Korogaru, which roughly translated means rolling on the ground, Mr Hardly, the whole line of kids laughed.
Are you trying to be funny, boy? 
Not at all, Mr Hardly thats what it means.
Right, so you speak Japanese do you?
Fluently. 
Hardly seemed to be considering Matts answer, before bellowing, Right you lot, get to class now, Topase, detention.
Hardly went inside, Topase picked himself up with hate written all over his face. 
This aint over arsehole, football pitch after school and make sure youre there, dont make me look for you. 
Look forward to it, Matt replied, smiling and both lads went their separate ways. 
In the class one of the girls asked, Do you really speak Japanese? 
Matt smiled for a moment before replying, Yes, its one of a few languages I speak, and you? 
The girl giggled, I struggle with English as it is. Whats your name? 
North, Matt North. 
Youre funny, no one says their last name first, Jenny looked at the blackboard then back to Matt, Topase is the toughest kid in school. 
Was. Hes not anymore. 
The teacher hurled a piece of chalk towards Jenny and Matt, he caught it.
Be quiet and pay attention. 
The rest of the day was quite mundane and as the last bell went for home time all the kids rushed for the door. Every classroom was now spewing out pupils into the corridor, some running as fast as they could. The majority headed for the football pitch, eager for the fight. Everyone was talking at once, the main topic being how long it would take Topase to do the new kid. One girl said to another, What a waste of such a good looking face. 
Topase and his cronies were in the centre of the circle, he was flexing his muscles and was, as usual, very loud. 
Hes coming, hes coming. 
The word went around like wildfire. It took a moment to reach Topase. He now put on his hard face as Matt walked towards the circle. Matt started to take off his school tie and at thirty metres away he looked around, taking in every detail. There was a gap of three metres which created a human corridor, which the condemned kid was to walk down. Matt stopped at the edge of the circle and took off his shirt, carefully folding it and gave it to a nice looking girl.
Look after this for me, I dont want to get his blood all over it. 
Dream on, came the reply, but even so she still took the shirt.
Her friend said, Youre so dead mate, so dead. 
Matt replied with a big smile, most of the girls were looking at his muscular, bronzed body. Matt spoke to the girl holding his shirt. Whats your name? 
Judy Dixie. 
Keep it safe Judy, Ill pick it up later, Matt winked then headed into the centre of the circle. 
One of Judys friends said, You dont want that old shirt, here Ill take it, but Judy snatched it away from her.
He asked me not you, then watched as the bronzed, broad shouldered youth headed towards Topase, shadow boxing as he went. 
Topase and Matt were now only twenty metres apart. Matt rolled his head around and then rolled his shoulders, he was following Alberts training; shut out everything, concentrate on the fight. Topase now started to realise just how big and strong his opponent was and as their eyes met he noticed the smiling face had gone, replaced by a mean, hard, animalistic look. Then he heard a low growl coming from somewhere deep inside Matt, the distance was closing rapidly and Topase could not believe that this new kid was making a beeline towards him with long confident strides. Fifteen metres, Topase tightened his muscles. Ten metres, his breathing rate increased. Seven metres, the growl became louder. Five metres, and the whites of his knuckles could be clearly seen. Four three two.one.
Topase threw the first punch. Matt leaned back and let it pass in front of his face. He struck, throwing a right straight into Topases face. Stepping in and ducking low and left, Matt plants his left fist under Topases ribs, knocking the wind out of him, and as his head came down Matt grabbed his hair and accelerated Topases head downwards, and bringing up his right knee into Topases face, knocking him spark out. He collapsed to the ground. The crowd stood in stunned silence. Stepping over the unconscious Topase, Matt walked up to the lad who had pointed him out in the line that day and planted a powerful head butt straight into his face. He keeled over, joining Topase on the ground. 
Before Matt could do anymore damage a shout went up, Teachers! Run for it! 
The whole crowd headed for the gate, carrying Matt along with them like a cork in a river. Well, that went to plan, he thought. Just as Granddad George had said, Fight and beat the toughest if you can, if not give him the hardest fight hes ever had and they wont come back for more, trust me son. 
As he was being carried along Matt was happy hed fought, he had needed to release some of the frustration he was carrying, and at least now he wouldnt get hassle from the other kids.
* * *
Four weeks later Matt got some bad news from Krista, the only witness against Kiel had been found dead in her flat. It appeared that thered been a robbery and she was strangled in her bed. Her dads friend in the police force said in private that he believed the robbery was a red herring and killing the witness was the real reason for the break in. Kiel was now released and for the moment there was nothing the police could do, not that they were closing the case. Matt replaced the receiver. His mind was now racing, there may be nothing the police could do, but theres one thing he could do and he was happy to oblige. 
Matt went for a run, he needed time to sort his head out. As he ran up Church Road to the top of the hill Matt had his mum on his mind. How strongly she had felt about justice and the need for the law, and how it had failed her. Matt slowed to a stop as he came alongside the graveyard. Leaning on the wall he surveyed the graves, there were some gravestones that were well cared for, but there were many more that had been left unattended. Matts attention then turned to the churchs bell tower. He spent some time just staring at the roof before speaking out loud, Well Mum, we tried it your way and it didnt work, now Ill try mine and I know it will work. Matt started running again, this was going to take some planning, careful planning, and he knew he would need some help. The first obstacle was to get into Germany undetected, but how? He could stow away in the back of a lorry or even a boat, maybe he could bluff his way on the train. All this things seemed very risky and not certain to succeed. There had to be a better way, but how, for the moment he put it to one side, knowing something would turn up. 
* * *
It was two days later that Matt was going through the clothes he had taken to Germany, when he came across a business card. Looking at it for a moment, reading all the words, he smiled as an idea started to form in his head. Bauer, Fredrick Bauer. Matt had met him at the funeral. He had been one of Alberts top men, although he was retired now. He was a solid man, one that could be trusted, but should he involve him? Matt pondered, he had no wish to drag anybody else into this situation. If he was caught it would mean life in prison, not that it would bother him. Killing Kiel was all that mattered, after that hed see. He decided to call Bauer from a phone box. Matt did not want his family involved. Walking to a phone box some miles away he went through some scenarios and in the end said to himself, If you dont ask you dont get. Bauer did say, If you need anything, young von Hall, then call me, before he left. 
Approaching the red phone box he was trying to work out how to ask, and what would he do if he said no? Or worse, would he contact the police? Matt lifted the receiver and dialled the number on the card and waited for someone to pick up. He had a handful of coins, international werent cheap. It seemed to take ages for someone to answer the phone.
Bauer, came the voice.
Hello Mr Bauer, its Lisa von Halls son, we met at my mums funeral and you gave me your card telling me to call you if I needed anything. 
That I did young Varrior, how are you? 
Better Mr Bauer thanks, I dont use that name since Mum was murdered. I prefer Matt. 
Matt it is then, I heard about Kiel getting away with his crime. Im guessing thats the reason for your call. 
Thats right, I need some help and was hoping you could assist me. 
Assist you to do what? Bauer asked in a strangely quizzical manner. 
I think its best you dont know. 
First, stop calling me Mr Bauer, its just Bauer, and second hes not going to be easy to kill, not impossible, but not easy. 
Matt was slightly shocked that Bauer knew what he was planning and it took a moment to reply, I know, but I have try, just the thought of him still breathing starts an upsurge of rage. How did you know? 
I was employed for many years by your grandfather and you are your grandfathers grandson. He would have done the same. What is it you require of me? 
I need to get to Hanover without anyone knowing. 
I can arrange that, how long do you intend staying? 
Matt hadnt really given that any thought and now felt stupid, he should have planned for this and would not make this mistake again. 
Not sure. First I have to track him down, then watch his movements, and after that make a plan of attack. 
I can organise all of that before you get here. 
Really Bauer? Can you really? 
Bauer was smiling, he knew Matt had no idea about him or his company. A few years before Hines had died he had helped Bauer set up his security company and given him money as well as work. Now it was one of the largest security firms in Europe. Bauer was now retired and his son was running the company, but he still had lots of contacts and would be able to call in some outstanding favours. Matt felt a tinge of excitement, last going things were going his way.
Yes, I can also arrange to have him killed. 
No, no thats for me to do. 
I thought youd say that. 
Are you sure you want to get involved? There may be consequences should things go wrong. 
Bauer didnt answer straight away. Matt was tense as Bauer thought for a moment, Yes Im sure, you can count on me. Call me in one week and I will have some news for you. 
Thank you Bauer, I owe you and I never forget a favour, Ill call next week. Goodbye. 
The phone clicked as the line went dead. Bauer reflected on Matts last sentence, hed heard Albert use it many times. 
For the first time since his mothers murder Matt was genuinely smiling and was happier than hed been for a while. The family also noticed the change and were glad of it. Matt was, as his dad commented to Emma, training extra hard. Not that he was bothered, he was glad that peace had resumed, that was until Emma asked, What are we going to do him, he cant stay here? 
Why not? We have the room. 
Im not having one of your ex-girlfriends kids living here permanently under my roof. 
George may not have been much like his dad, but he did have a temper at times, Hes staying and its not open for discussion. 
Yes it is. 
No its not, you can be such a heartless bitch sometimes. 
Im not heartless, I have my own kids to think of and they come first. 
He stays in Bobbys room. 
No more was said on the matter. Matt had unfortunately heard it all and in a way understood Emma, but first he would deal with Kiel. For all he knew Kiel could kill him and then there would be no problem, he had to stay focused. That week passed so slowly for Matt, but finally the time came to call Bauer. He was informed that it had been arranged and Kiel was now under surveillance, the transport would pick him up at his house in three days time. Matt thanked Bauer and walked back home thinking Saturday, this Saturday, at last. The urge for revenge had become all consuming, he couldnt think of anything else. 
* * *
That Saturday afternoon Dan and Betty called in to see her sister Emma before they returned to the USA. Dan had adopted Matt as his nephew years before, and they both liked each other. Dan and Betty never had any children, and Dan would tell anyone who would listen that Matt was the son he never had, much to Bettys dismay. Dan and Matt chatted, Dan was careful to avoid any mention of his mum, he could also sense the tension between Matt and Emma. He watched Matt for some time, where was that laughing, happy boy? Dan sort of knew what he must be going through, his mum had died in the war; he hoped he would return to normal soon. At 6.47pm the phone rang and the caller asked for Matt, they spoke briefly in German, his expression turning hard and serious. Replacing the receiver Matt went upstairs. Dan turned to George, How is he? It looks like its hit him very hard, even though hes trying not show it. 
I know, I got the same feeling, hes gonna snap soon, but theres no telling when. 
Matt returned a few minutes later with some clothes, toiletries, his passport and a handful of cash. George noticed he was carrying Grandfather Georges old glove bag, it was made of brown leather and had a faded picture of a pair of gloves on it. Dan spoke quietly to George, Isnt that your dads old glove bag? 
Yeah, its all he has left of his and he wont part with it. After packing and checking he had all he needed. Matt made a statement.
Im going to Germany; if Im not back in three weeks then Ill never be back, the room fell silent until his younger brother Bobby spoke, Are you going to see some friends, Matt? 
No Bobby, Im going to kill a man, or hes going to kill me, but either way when we meet one of us is going to die.
Im not having any more of this shit, said George and stood up. Matt reacted instantly, spinning round and took an aggressive stance. A low growl was now coming from somewhere deep within him. 
Dont even think of coming between me and the man that murdered my mother, if you do, Ill kill you to get to him. 
There was a heavy tone of menace in his voice. George backed up, the mean, hard look on Matts face scared him and at the same time he sort of admired his sons ability to instantly become aggressive, just like his Granddad. He could never manage it, well at least not when he was sober, but George had seen that same look on his dads face many times. The standoff was broken by a blast from a car horn. Matt relaxed and stood up, Thats my lift, I have to go, and he went to get his bag. 
WAIT, wait son, just wait a minute. Bobby, go and tell the driver to wait two minutes. Matt, Ive got something that may help. 
I cant, Ive got to go. 
It was your Granddads, he would have wanted you to have them. Matt nodded in agreement, anything from Granddad George would be worth waiting for. George raced out of the room, the sound of wardrobe doors being opened and slammed shut came from upstairs along with Georges voice cursing, Whos been touching my stuff? Is nothing sacred in this bloody house? The sound of more things being thrown around came from above. 
Bobby returned, Hes German but I think he got the idea, 
GOT IT, Ive got it, George returned holding a blue velvet bag sealed with a draw cord. He bounced it up in his hand, weighing it mentally, then George untied the cord and emptied the contents into his hand. Matt knew exactly what they were; knuckledusters, the same as hed seen his granddad use, except these were smaller and there was a dark piece of metal with them. 
Your Granddad had these made for me when I was eighteen, but Ive never used them. 
Why? 
Well...well, I never really had the bottle to, Im not like your granddad. Try em on. 
Matt took the two dusters and slid them over his hands, it felt strangely natural. 
See this dark band? Its harder than steel, your granddad got it when he was in the desert fighting Rommel. It came from the stars and he kept it. 
What sort of metal is it? 
Dont know, all I do know is its bloody hard. I remember once in a fight a bloke came at your granddad with an axe, swung it in a big arc and he met the blow with a punch and took the axe blade on his dusters. I can still see the look of surprise on the blokes face, George chuckled at the thought, and before the axe man could get over the shock he was hit with the other duster. He went down like a sack of shit.
Still wearing his new dusters Matt did some shadow boxing, smiling as he did. 
Can you feel the power? Your granddad told me that when he wore them he felt charged with cosmic energy and that it gave him extra strength. 
Thanks, Dad. 
Hope it helps, the car horn blasted again and Bobby asked Matt a question, being so young he didnt understand what Matt was about to do. 
You will come back Matt, wont you?
Matt smiled, Ill try my best, hows that? 
Bobby smiled back, I know you will, everyone says youre the bestest fighter ever. 
Matt nodded and headed for the car. His dad watched him go from the doorway. Matt stopped, turned and said, I really didnt mean that about killing you. 
I know. 
Id have just knocked you out. 
In your dreams son, see you in three weeks. Do it right then come home. 
The reply was a quick nod and a short smile, then the car door slammed shut. George watched as the car disappeared up the road, not knowing if that was going to be the last time he would see his son alive. 
He spent the drive to Tilbury Docks in silence which was only broken by the driver introducing himself as Klaus, a lorry driver who would smuggle him into Germany in the back of his cab. The journey took nearly forty eight hours before they got to Hanover. It would have been faster but Klaus had two drops and one pick to make on the way. Matt was met by another driver, he thought at first it was Bauer, but as it turned out it was one of his sons, Carsten. They made some formal small talk but not much, which seemed to suit both parties. The car turned into a gravel drive and headed for the main entrance. The large house was made of red brick with vines growing around the walls. Matt got out of the car just as the large wooden door opened and Bauer stood there with his hand extended and a warm smile on his face, How was the journey, Matt? 
As well as could be expected. When do we start? 
First why dont you clean up then come and eat, we can discuss the matter en route to our chosen place. Matt wanted to start right away, then he opened his shirt a little and sniffed. Bauer was right, he needed a shower and food. Besides, this was his call and he needed to respect Bauers house. He had to agree with Bauer, the shower was great and he realised he was much hungrier than hed thought. 
The car pulled up as they both left the main door, it was a huge Mercedes and they both got into the back with Bauers eldest son also called Fredrick. The two Bauers went over their plan with Matt as they drove along, Ive decided you should stay in a flat we own not far from here, its important that youre not seen by anyone if we are to complete this as planned. 
Fine by me. Bauer, why are you helping me? 
He held Matts gaze for a moment, Your grandfather and Albert were my friends, no they were more than friends, much more. Do you remember Tanner? 
Yes. 
And do know what your grandfather did to Tanner? 
Yes. 
He only entrusted Albert and myself with that information and that shows the trust he had in me, so I will now show the same trust in you. 
Thank you, thank you both. 
No need for thanks but it is accepted, Fredrick will stay with you in the flat in case you require anything. 
Matt studied his face and knew instinctively that he was not telling the truth, Thanks but I dont need babysitting, I will not leave the flat until you come, you have my word on that. 
Fredrick was about to say something when Bauer raised his hand to stop him. Matt knew straight away he had offended Fredrick and made his apologies, Fredrick, I didnt mean to offend you. 
Bauer smiled, the young man had manners and diplomacy, being able to read men is a good skill to have, Fredrick is not offended, but he will still stay with you, its part of our plan and it makes good sense. Matt agreed. The car stopped and he and Fredrick got out, Matt carrying his glove bag, followed Fredrick to the flat. Not much was said between the two young men. Matt had some questions that he needed answering, so now seemed a good time to ask. 
Fredrick, how do you know hell be there? 
Simple, hes been sleeping with an acquaintance of ours and shes sound. 
Do you agree with your father about helping me? 
No, not really, I dont know you. Father says youre solid and he owes your family. 
I will thank him again tomorrow, and I do owe your family, and I always pay my debts. You can call on me anytime.
Fredrick felt he could trust this young man, why he didnt know, Just for your information, Father was going to sort out Kiel anyway. 
Matt was in a tense mood and it didnt change until the onset of night, but now a small smile crept upon his face, not long now. At ten oclock Fredrick said, Time to go. 
Bauer was outside the flat in a dark VW van, the side door open and they both climbed in. 
Matt, are you ready? he only nodded.
Good, well go and wait for Helgas call, then it begins. 
In the back of the van were three other big men, hard looking men. No one spoke and it was hell for Matt just sitting there waiting. Suddenly the radio came to life, a womans voice said, Hes going to be leaving in ten minutes, make it right. 
Bauer never replied, he just pressed the send button twice. 
Lets go, 
The driver pulled the van away from the kerb then sped up, Not too fast Kia, we dont want any undue attention. 
The van slowed and some minutes later Kia stopped the van. 
Matt, its time. 
He nodded once then left the van and headed down the path, settling into the arranged spot and waited. He was completely calm, much more he had expected. Looking around he noticed the street light was out, Bauer knew his stuff. Looking at the ground, Matt saw he was standing on a piece of carpet. This would hide his footprints and keep the noise to a minimum not that he made any. A pair of tom cats were fighting, but other than that the night was still except for Matts breathing, which was barely audible. Bauer lifted the radio mic to his lips and pressed the send button, Radio check, over. 
One standing by. 
Two standing by. 
Three standing by. 
Remember, if it looks really bad for young von Hall then we move in, but not until I give the order. He must be given his chance, is that clear to everyone? Over. 
One roger. 
Two roger. 
Three roger. 
One, let me know when you have a visual. 
Roger. 
Bauer had his top three men on look out while he and Fredrick plus Kia waited in the van. What Kiel didnt know was that this was his last night on this earth, if Matt didnt kill him then Bauers men would. Taking his radio, Bauer opened the van door and got out, stretching as he walked. Fredrick was right behind him. Bauer looked up, the moon was hidden behind the cloud, a good night to kill as Albert would say. His ear piece came to life, One to leader, target sighted; thirty seconds to contact. 
Roger, here we go men, stay sharp, Bauer waited. 
Matt heard Kiels footsteps, his metal tipped heels making a very distinctive sound on the cobbled path. His breathing slowed automatically so as not to impede his hearing. Now through the bushes he could see him as Kiel headed straight towards Matt, his swaggering walk was very evident. 
Seven seconds then he would strike, five, four, and three, a deep intake of breathtwo, one. 
Matt stepped out in front of him and without a word hit him hard in the face. Kiel staggered back, holding his mouth. Normally Matt would have stepped in at this point and continued the attack, but not this time, he wanted Kiel to suffer, but would it be his undoing? 
What the hell did you do that for? 
Matt stayed silent.
So, you want to play, do you? 
Kiel pulled a knife from his pocket. Matt took a half step back as the blade flashed past his face. Matt dug his hands deep into his pocket and like cowboy gun slinger he drew his knuckledusters out. Just then the clouds split apart, bathing both combatants in a slivery moonlight. Now for the first time Kiel saw his attacker and how young he was. Bauer cursed, this was not what he wanted at all.
Youre just a boy, youve picked the wrong man to try and mug son. Now Im going to teach you some manners.
Kiel started to toss his knife from hand to hand and dance around. Matt could see by Kiels movements that he knew how to handle himself, not that this concerned him, he was too focused. Kiel had no idea how well trained and experienced his opponent was. Matt had been trained by two of the best fighters that ever lived, and now all that training would come to the fore. He knew that all the dancing and talking was just a distraction, so he kept focused on Kiels blade, waiting for him to over balance. The blade flashed again, this time Matt did not move fast enough and the blade cut his forearm. Kiel reversed his strike and slashed across Matts chest, not a deep cut, but telling. 
Kiel grinned, Thats just a taster, wait and see what Ive got for the main course, he laughed. 
Matt stepped back he had to concentrate and control his anger. He never spoke and showed no sign of pain on his face. Kiel jigged around some more, then like an angry rattlesnake his blade shot across Matts throat, barely missing. Son, youre for it, before I kill you, whats yer name so I can make sure the papers spell it right when they find your body? Matts body was already well into repair mode, and he didnt even notice that hed stopped bleeding. 
Speak up boy, NAME? 
von Hall. 
Matts answer threw Kiel momentarily and Matt struck. A hard right split Kiels left mouth wide open. Stepping in he struck him hard under the ribs, not quite as good a hit as he would have liked, but enough to send him down on to one knee. The hand holding the knife went down to aid his balance, Matt kicked it, sending the knife clattering across the ground and out of Kiels reach. 
Kiel spat out blood and phlegm, along with his two front teeth, You killed my mother and now Im going to kill you.
Kiel now saw the insane look on Matts face, and with inhuman speed born of fear, he shot up from the floor, taking Matt and himself crashing into the bushes and down onto the cobbles. Now the dirty fighting began; punching, biting, butting and elbows, there were no rules down on the cobbles, this was a fight to the death and they both knew it. The seconds ticked by and to the combatants it seemed like hours. Kiel went for and got his hands around Matts throat, he in turn did the same. Kiel had the advantage of being on the top, allowing him to apply more pressure. 
Should I intervene? 
No, wait until I give the order, said Bauer.
Matt then used a move Albert taught him and flipped Kiel off, getting on top and gaining the advantage. Matt spread his legs wide, making it even harder for Kiel to remove him. Kiel and Matt were now locked in a fatal embrace which only one would survive. Both combatants stared at each other. Kiel had decided he could out last Matt, even if he was on top. The seconds ticked by and Matt remembered something that Granddad George had told him, Most fights are won with bluff, making the other side believe you are much better than you are. Then he recalled Alberts advice should he ever get into a strangling match with someone, Its like trench warfare, stalemate, so it all goes down to attrition and if you sense your opponent is fading even slightly, then tighten your grip and smile, theres a good chance they will panic and let go, thinking you have more air than they do. Matt tried Alberts advice when he felt Kiels grip loosen ever so slightly. At first nothing, then suddenly Kiel let go and tried to grab Matts hair and missed, although he did get his thumb into Matts mouth. He bit it hard and Kiel pulled it out and tried to scream, no sound came out. Now he started to punch out at Matts head, in seconds his power ebbed away and Matt now applied more pressure, Kiels eyes bulged out of his head and his tongue was hanging out of his mouth. There was no movement coming from Kiel now, but Matt held fast for another fifteen seconds. 
Bauer put his hand on Matts shoulder, Its over, you can let go now. Matt looked up at Bauer who nodded, Its done, let go Matt, we have to go. My men will clear up the mess. 
He held Bauers gaze for a moment before he let go and without any sign of his intension, Matt grabbed Kiels head, pulling his head back to expose his throat, then he punched it three times. The heavy blows shattered his vertebrae. Matt stood up next to Bauer and looked down at Kiels lifeless body, I truly hope there is an afterlife, because then I can kill you for the rest of eternity. 
Bauer put his arm around the boys shoulders, Lets go, and steered him towards the van. Bauer opened the door and sat next to Matt then radioed his men, Okay men, clean up and get back to base. Leader out, and the van drove off. 
Bauer straight away noticed the immediate change in Matt, You hungry? Im famished, my wife has stayed up and is cooking Eisbein with Sauerkraut. Its my favourite. 
Sounds good, Im up for that. 
Strange, Bauer thought, no fear, not a hint of remorse, and now hes behaving like nothings happened. Maybe the full fact of what he had just done would hit him later. That was before he remembered Albert saying, That boys a natural killer, and if schooled right could become an extremely dangerous man. Bauer said to himself, time will tell but hes off to a good start. 
* * *
Eight days passed before Matt arrived back in the UK, and another three hours later he was back in Basildon. It was 9.47pm and Matt knew where to find his dad, hed be in the Treble Six pub. Matt walked in and true to form his dad was there standing at the bar. George smiled as he saw Matt, Job done, sorted Matt? 
Sorted Dad, sorted. 
You want a drink, son?
Just water thanks.
You want something a little stronger, son? 
No, Im good thanks. 
George took their drinks to a table and sat down, he watched his son for a while, Youre so much like your Granddad, do you know that? 
Thanks, I miss him a lot. 
Me too, so whats your next move? 
Not sure, find somewhere to live first. 
Youre staying with us. 
Emma wont like that, and Ive no wish to cause problems for you and her. 
Its no problem, youre staying with us, thats if you want to. 
Id would really like that, and finishing his drink Matt got up, Im really tired Dad, mind if I go home? 
Nah, lets go. 
Jimmy the pub manager called out as they got to the door, Not staying for afters tonight, George? 
No not tonight thanks, Jimmy. 
The walk home was a sombre affair. George tried to make small talk with Matt, going from West Ham United to the England rugby team, both of which he was passionate about. Matt did try to respond, but his tiredness coupled with the fact that neither parties had really spoken before made it difficult. At home Matt went straight to bed while George sat up drinking and listening to Frank Sinatra and Shirley Bassey until the early hours. At 5.15am he made a pot of tea then phoned Dan in the USA. He had asked George to call him anytime and no matter what the outcome was he wanted to know. George dialled and waited until someone answered, Can I speak to Dan please? 
Sorry hes not here, but Ill be seeing him soon, can I give him a message? said a female voice. 
George thought for a moment as he didnt want to give anything away to a stranger, but knowing he was not going to be seeing Dan anytime soon he had no choice but to let her pass on the message. Stella arrived at the barbecue thirty minutes later with the message for Dan; she spotted him near the drinks table and called out, Dan, an English guy called George called your house phone and left a message for you. 
Dan swallowed hard then stared at Betty, Whats the message? 
Betty took his hand and gripped it firmly expecting the worst, Sounded weird to me, not sure if its a hoax caller. He said Job done, Matt okay, sorted, then he hung up. 
Anyone would have thought Dan had won the lottery by the way he reacted, punching the air shouting, Fucking A! and he started jumping about, laughing and hugging everyone. Dan got plastered and had to be helped home, not that he was bothered, Matt was safe thats all that he wanted. 

Chapter 17

Sitting on the back porch, if that is what youd call it, Sue was silently digesting and formulating the information she had just been told. As usual she managed to reduce it down to one sentence. Matt, at fourteen, had killed a man in cold blood. Her normal reaction to such an act would have been complete revulsion, but since spending time with Matt she found she was feeling differently, her thinking was more in line with him. Kiel deserved it, and got everything that was due to him. Her thoughts were interrupted by Nephew Cen speaking quite excitedly to Matt, who got up and went inside. Sue waited for a few moments, then her need to know once again got the better of her. She followed him inside and found them both talking to another old man; he looked about a hundred years old if not older. His face was a mass of wrinkles and creases. He smiled as he saw her, showing his one remaining tooth which was a greenish brown. Sue listened to all three men talking without understanding a single word, not that she needed to, she could tell they were discussing something big. Then an English name was mentioned, Colin Dent, shed heard the name before. Urie had told her of the three men Matt was after and had never been found. Ed Barker, Colin Dent and Steve Butler. All she could think of was that hed been found and a small part of her hoped he was dead, the rest wanted him alive so Matt could deal with him. The old man left and the two of them continued talking, the only word she had understood was Cen and she knew who he was. A while later Matt spoke to Sue, We leave for Bangkok in the morning and Ill drop you at the airport, somethings come up and I have to leave. 
Its Dent, youre going after him, right? 
Correct, Urie again I suppose. 
Yes, and he told me about the other two as well. 
Matt nodded slightly in response. 
How do you know its him? It could be a trap. 
I realise that, but the source is a trusted one. 
I could come along. 
No, this is something I have to do alone, I dont think you could understand why. 
If you had asked me a few weeks earlier Id have said no, but now I know you need to do what you need to do. Sue spent a restless night; it was now dawning on her that she didnt want this to end. She knew it had to and that made her feel sad. 
* * *
In the morning they loaded the boat and set off down the last stretch of the Chao Phraya River which would take them right into Bangkok. The day was hot and humid, just like all the others, but this time it was bothering her more than normal. Wolf sensed this and put his big hairy head on her lap. She stroked him behind the ears as she watched the river drift by, How long till we get to Bangkok? 
Should be there tomorrow afternoon, only one more night out in the open then you can return to normal life. 
I quite like it here, thanks. 
Matt smiled, he knew this and he also knew he had to go and find Dent, All good things come to an end. 
It doesnt have to, we could stay here. Do you really have to go? 
Yes, there is nothing more important to me than killing the last three men. Then I will finally have my justice and maybe peace. 
Sue was now trying to find excuses to keep him here, and in her eyes safe, What if he kills you? What then? 
Nothing, just nothing. Itll be over. 
Its probably a trap anyway, set up by the different governments and youre just going to walk into a trap, Sue said, with a fair amount of panic in her voice. 
That wont happen, like I said the source is a trusted one. I still have contacts in certain governments and would know if there was a mission on the books, but she didnt look convinced. Plus, money can buy you a lot of intelligence. 
Youve told me about your family interests, that sort of money is easily traced. 
I dont use their money, I have my own. 
Sue let out a cynical laugh, I know Special Forces earn good money freelancing, but not that much, and nowhere near enough to pay for the sort of information youre referring to. 
Now it was his turn to let out a low laugh, he could tell she was stressing out, although he was not sure why. This was always meant to be a short one way trip, yet he and Wolf had enjoyed her company, more than was good for her safety really, but he could not tell her that as their paths were about to take different directions. It would be best for her, but he knew his life wouldnt be the same again now, she had had quite an effect on him.
I have access to a vast fortune and its completely untraceable. 
How? All bank accounts are traceable. 
Not these, theyre in Africa. Matt knew that it was possible that certain people would not hesitate to use drugs to get information from her and a few red herrings would not hurt. 
A few months before he had died, Hines had shown Matt a small leather book. In it were hundreds of bank accounts and safety deposit boxes in different names with their pass codes. He had Matt commit them to memory, which for him was very easy. There were accounts going back years, some having been set up by Hines father and grandfather. He spent days making sure Matt could remember them all, before tossing the book into the open fire in his room. Matt was now the only one alive that had all the details. 
Sue looked sceptical; from experience she knew it was more than likely true, How much is a vast fortune?
Nosy, he said, making her smile. Matt continued, Not sure really, it changes daily.
Well, what was it the last time you looked? 
Cant remember. 
Stop it, I know you know...but if you dont want to tell me thats fine. 
Matt tapped the side of his nose grinning, she huffed and faced the front in a dramatic fashion with her arms crossed. Five Billion US Dollars. 
Sue spun round like a top, Did you say five million? 
No, billion. 
Five billion? she repeated, you have all that money and you choose to live this life? 
I didnt chose this way of life, it was chosen for me. Besides, money isnt everything, well not to me anyway. 
Sue was speechless and sat staring ahead, thinking. It seemed really strange for someone to have so much yet want nothing. Sue decided to list in her head everything she knew about Matt and see if it would help her make sense of it all, time was not on her side now the end was close, shed now become the pro reporter that she was. He was tall, handsome with a memorable smile, well educated, friendly, generous, polite and now wealthy, very wealthy, and not forgetting a natural born killer with the instincts of a wild animal. Yet all he seemed to have was Wolf and the few possessions he owned you could pack in a suitcase, and there was of course her, if he wanted. Sue knew she did, she closed her eyes for what she thought was just a moment but which turned out to be many hours. The next thing she could remember was the aroma of cooking bacon burger, a smell she would never forget. Realising the boat was not moving she sat up, a little too quickly and her head spun. Looking around she could see why the boat was not moving, it was half way up the bank and camp had already been set up. 
Why didnt you wake me? 
You looked so peaceful and innocent, thought it best to let you sleep as you were awake most of last night. Hungry? How did he know, she thought mischievously, but quickly pushed the thought from her mind, Yes, Im starving. 
The meal was good made all the more so by the fact she was ravenous. After the meal Matt cleaned and packed the pots and pans. 
Youll make someone a good wife one day. 
Ill bear that in mind, they both smiled. 
Coffee? Matt asked.
Thanks, so were going to be in Bangkok tomorrow and then thats it? 
Who knows? 
If you find Dent and kill him, whats next?
Dont know, Ill see where the wind takes me. 
Sue didnt want this to end and was trying to keep up normal appearances but failing miserably. Matt could see this and tried to come up with something to cheer her up, We have to spend one night in Bangkok and its your night, you can have and do whatever you want.
Sue smiled, it was a wicked sort of smile, Really? 
Yes, really. Matt cocked his head to one side as he looked at her, she winked.
What?
But she didnt reply, somehow he felt that his offer to Sue was going to come back and bite him in the bum. 
We meet up with Cen around 3pm and hell take us to a good hotel, we can clean up and then the rest of the night is yours to decide. 
And how far can I go? Because I can go a very long way. 
Thats your decision to make. 
Sue now had a full on wicked smile on her face, News flash solider boy, when we hit Bangkok nightlife youre gonna be in my world, and there Im the top dog. 
Dog? Strange choice of words. 
Shut it. 
Sue returned to looking ahead, she barely heard the river now, her brain was working overtime planning their night out. Matt had said anything she wanted; well lets see just how far youre prepared to go, Matt North, and she couldnt wait. 
It was over an hour before she spoke to Matt, I guess you know a lot about self-defence, anything you could teach me? 
Theres lots I could teach you, I personally have always believed that attack is the best form of defence. 
I was thinking more of some moves and stuff. 
Okay, wait till we stop again for another break and Ill show you a set of moves that my Granddad George showed me that has served me very well to date. 
They continued for a couple of hours before pulling over, after eating he got her started. Sue stood up, keen to start.
Ill talk you through it. First, never show your intensions, second, dont talk crap. Anyone who tells you what they are going to do to you is only building themselves up trying to cover their weaknesses. Third, strike with speed, power and fluidity. So, you ready? Sue was sort of shadow boxing some mystery opponent, Matt coughed and she stopped. 
Now watch, Ill show you. Straight right to the nose, step inside and duck low, punch with your left up and under the ribs. As their head comes down, grab it and bring it down as fast as you can, at the same time bring your right knee up smashing it into their face. 
Sue was extremely focused and it made Matt feel good that she was taking it seriously. 
Now watch, Matt went through the exercise slowly at first. Sue studied every move, it seemed like he was doing a ballet dance.
Right, now at full speed. 
She was amazed at the speed he moved, the whole thing was a blur and she could see now why he had said fluidity. Every one of Matts movement just flowed.
Now you try. 
Sue did what she thought were the right moves, the look on his face told her she hadnt, Again. Try harder. 
Again, think about what I said. 
This went on for over an hour before he said, You seem to have it, lets rest. 
Sue was gasping for breath and had to wait a minute before she could drink the water he offered her. She was covered in sweat and still breathing heavily, but looking over she saw he was dry as a bone and breathing normally, yet he had done the same as she had. 
So to summarise, step in right, follow in low and left, head down, knee up. 
Yeah, got it, she replied in between breaths. Sue took a few minutes to start breathing normally. Matt was sitting stroking Wolf, she sat down next to him, I suppose with all that training youve never lost a fight? 
A couple, but I make a point of going back and beating them, its a family thing 
Have you ever had a real bad beating, I mean really bad? 
A strange question, yes, only once, and yes it was a bad one. 
Who did that? 
Matt thought for a moment then turned to look at her, his eyes seemed even deeper blue, His name was Ray Smith, a gypsy bare knuckle fighter. There had been bad blood between our families for years ever since Granddad George beat their best fighter and his brother in one fight, it didnt help that one of them died after the fight and to top it all he smashed Rays dad in another fight, and I was their payback I suppose. 
He must have been a good fighter to have beat you, from what Ive seen. 
He was, Smith was at the time considered one of the top three in the world. 
How long ago was that? 
Thirty eight years ago.
Wait a minute that would make you 
I was fifteen years and ten months old. 
How on earth did you get yourself into that? 
Lets load up and Ill tell you on the move. 
Sue helped and they were soon chugging along as Matt started to tell her about the fight.
Ian, Matts brother, had got himself mixed up with some crazy lads and had ended up in court on Friday. The bottom line was he had to pay a 1,000 fine or spend three months in Borstal. Emma was frantic, George was worried until he had spoken to Jimmy from the Treble Six. Jimmy had agreed to loan him the cash and would bring it around Saturday night. The day went by the same as any other day, Emma was knitting, the three boys were watching TV, and George was getting ready to go up the pub. At 6.46pm the phone rang and Bobby answered it, Its for you, Dad. 
For me? No one phones for me, George took the receiver and listened, as he did his face and whole body slowly slumped down. Okay, thanks. George looked at the phone in his hand like it was a loaded pistol. Replacing the receiver he said to it, Thanks, thanks for nothing. 
Emma knew straight away something was wrong, very wrong, Whats the matter? George looked at her, not knowing how to tell her, so he said nothing.
Its Jimmy isnt...he aint got the cash has he? 
What? 
The 1,000? she replied sharply.
He said he lost it in a card game, hes really sorry and all that. 
And thats it? Its not good enough. 
I know but what, can I do? 
I dont care about that, youd better do something and do it now. 
The three boys were watching the two of them argue, knowing exactly where this was going and what the final outcome would be, and true to form the argument turned into a full blown row with George storming off to the pub. Everyone knew what state he would be in when he came home, not that he could get aggressive anymore, not with Matt there. Emma may not be his mum, but he afforded her the same protection as any other member of the family. As the night wore on Emma made many calls to try to borrow some cash, she couldnt find anyone who could lend her the money. As the clock ticked by she became more and more frantic. Matt got up and headed for the kitchen. 
Im making a pot of tea Emma, do you want one? 
She snapped back her reply and it was loaded with venom, No, why isnt it you going to court on Monday? Then I wouldnt care less. 
Matt knew she was upset, and how much of what she said was true he didnt know, but he still made her a cup of tea, Whats Borstal like then, Emma?
Brutal, plain brutal. Itd suit you, but not Ian, theyd have him for breakfast. 
I can handle myself, Im tougher than you think, said Ian.
NO YOURE NOT! she shouted, theyd eat you alive. You have no idea what these places are like, none at all, then she started to cry. 
Matt watched as she fell apart in front of him, he was pondering how he could get his hands on 1,000 for Monday morning. The more Ian tried to reassure her he could handle Borstal the more upset she became, until Ian, like his dad, stormed out leaving Emma in tears in the front room. Matt sat on the stairs and listened to her crying as Ian came out, putting on his coat as he moved towards the door. Ian stopped and looked up at Matt, Youre lucky your mums dead, wish mine was. 
Matt flew down the stairs and pinned Ian against the wall, Never say that ever, you have no idea how lucky you are! 
Ian struggled free, Thats what you say, then he left. 
Matt sat back down on the stairs, he had to think of something fast. It was a few minutes before he hit on an idea, his dad had received a phone call from someone who hed heard of and knew he could not trust, but right now that didnt matter. Using his photographic memory he recalled the entire call he had overheard and two things stuck out, 2,000 for five rounds and a phone number. The name of the caller was Joey Driscoll a name from Granddad Georges past, Pure scum, hed called him. He had said Ray Smith would pay him a 1,000 just to get into the ring with him. George refused, but Driscoll said, Take my number in case you change your mind. 
I wont, and George pretended to take the number then put the phone down. Matt now started to formulate a plan. Simple really, he thought, take the fight. If he didnt last five rounds hed still have the 1,000 he needed. Matt headed out of the door towards the phone box to call Driscoll. This was going to be pain and more pain, five rounds of hell. Although he was a good fighter, hard and tough, Matt knew he couldnt win. Not that he needed to, lasting five rounds and picking up 2,000 was all he needed. The phone rang five times before Driscoll answered it, Joey Driscoll? 
Whos asking? 
Matt North, I believe you got a gypo thats looking for a fight, it was a while before he got an answer.
Where did you get this number from? 
My dad, George North, you called him six weeks ago. 
Thats right, so youre his son, how old are yer? Fourteen, fifteen years old? 
No Im eighteen, nineteen in December, he lied.
Ray Smith dont fight kids, son. 
I remember my Granddad George telling me how Smiths dad and brother cried like babies as he beat the shit out of them. Scum, gypo scum he called them, another lie he need to convince Driscoll to get him the fight. 
Youve got some nerve Ill give you that, son. 
This Sunday, anytime, anywhere he likes. Driscoll knew there was an illegal fight on Sunday in the old Ford area of Bow, and he knew the organiser well. This could not only be Smiths payback but his as well. The thought made him salivate, Call me back in two hours and Ill see what I can do. The phone clicked and he was gone. Driscoll knew he could make money on this fight; Ray Smiths family would pay well for this opportunity. He thought he could kill two birds with one stone, get well paid and see a North get a proper kicking. Yes, that was what he called a win, win situation and he liked it. Two hours later almost to the second his phone rang. Punctual, he thought, lets hope youre just as punctual tomorrow night.
That you, North? 
Yes. 
Cardigan Arms 7.30pm you and Smith, Billy Owens is the ref. 
The same deal as before? 
No, its 1,000 for five rounds and thats it. 
What happened to the 2,000? 
Take it or leave it. 
Ill take it. 
Thought you would, make sure you turn up or else. 
The phone went dead, Scum, pure scum, Granddad George was right. Smiling, he walked home, come tomorrow night everything would be alright. 
* * *
Matt woke early on Sunday and at 3.45am he was running the streets. Running always gave him time to think and by around five miles hed considered every scenario and come to the same conclusion each time. How bad it would be he didnt know, but that was for later. Five rounds. His best chance, he believed, was to use hit and run tactics for the fight. Now he turned his attention to the ref, Billy Owens. Hed seen that name somewhere. Two miles later the information came back to him. Granddad George had an IOU for Billy Owens, and when he got back he would fish it out, it may come in useful. One hour of running was enough, hed do another hour on the bag then call it a day. Entering the back garden Matt went straight to work on the bag, it was the same routine every day. Grandfather Hines had insisted he did it and truth was he enjoyed working out, he could remember his mother saying that her father could have been the heavyweight champ, but was not allowed to pursue it. 
After his work out Matt went inside and poured himself a pint of water, he stuck his head into the front room and there snoring away was his dad, hed been there since he got back from the pub. Drinking his water Matt went and took a shower, later he would go and see Russ Groom, a school friend who does a bit of boxing and may stand his corner. After breakfast he headed out to Russs house. Matt decided it would be best if he told Russ it was a boxing match. Thirty minutes later Russ was on board, plus his dad would drop them off. Now he would prepare mentally.
The day dragged until 5pm when Matt sneaked out the back door carrying his Granddads old glove bag. Russ and his dad were waiting for him as he got to their house. Tina, Russs girlfriend, was also in the car, You coming as well, Tina? 
Yeah, never been to a boxing match. 
Matt was not expecting this and tried to get her to stay, It can be pretty brutal. 
Thats alright, Ill be fine. 
He shrugged his shoulders and got into the car. Heading down the A13 towards London Russs dad asked, Anyone know where were going? 
Yes, I do, Mr Groom. 
Been there before, Matt? 
No, but Ive read the London A to Z. 
Well thats okay then, laughed Mr Groom. Russ was explaining to Tina about the rules of boxing and she was becoming extremely excited at the forthcoming bout. Matt was now feeling guilty, should he tell them the truth? No, this was too important.
Fifty two minutes later they pulled up outside the Cardigan Arms just before 6pm. 
Can you drop us around the corner Mr Groom, I dont want to appear too eager. 
Sure. 
Matt, Russ and an excited Tina got out of the car. 
Why dont you want to go in yet, Matt? 
Just want to have a quick look around first Russ, thats all. 
Russ thought it was strange, but then he had known some fighters do weird things before a bout. Mr Groom turned the car around then pulled up alongside the kerb, Okay Russ, Im going to your Aunt Julies, give me a call when you want picking up. 
Will do Dad, thanks. 
Yeah thanks, Mr Groom. 
He smiled and waved as he drove away.
Ill be back in five minutes, okay? and Matt wandered off to investigate the grounds. 
Sure, Russ and Tina went and sat in a bus shelter nearby. Matt returned a few minutes later and Russ had a stern look on his face. Hed had time to think things through and something told him things were not what they seemed. Whats going on Matt? This aint no boxing match, Ive been to lots of bouts and venues and not one of them was like this one. 
Matt held his stare for a moment, he was crap at lying, Its not quite a boxing match. Well, not one youve ever been to before. 
Its an illegal boxing match aint it? 
No, bare knuckle, I should have told you at the start. 
Yeah you bleeding well should have. 
I really need a corner man, but if you want to go Ill understand. 
Russ exhaled through his nose a couple of times while he thought, You should have been up front, mate. 
Would you have come if I had? 
Maybe, maybe not. 
Tina piped up, Whats the point Matt? I cant see why.
1,000 for five rounds, Ian needs it to stay out of Borstal, all I have to do is not get knocked out. 
Russ stepped right up to Matts face, Sure youre a good fighter Matt, but this is the big league, not some oversized school kid. 
I know. Look, you two can go if you want, its not a problem, youre right I should have been honest with you. 
Russ looked at Tina, Ill get my dad to come and pick you up. 
No, Im staying. 
Russ is right Tina, this isnt going to be pretty. 
I said Im staying and thats final. 
Russ turned to Matt and cocked his head to one side then shrugged his shoulders, resigned to the fact she was staying. 
Matt walked towards the door, Okay lets go and get sorted out. 
Having never seen Joey Driscoll, Matt had no idea what he looked like. After asking around one man pointed to the bar at the rear. Driscoll was a small man well into his sixties with shifty eyes which were constantly scanning the area and a long nose. He reminded Matt of a rat. Driscoll was dressed in a cheap suit with an old Crombie pork pie hat and a tatty pair of brown shoes. Matt smiled to himself, A rat with a hat, he chuckled. Granddad George was right, he was scum.
Joey Driscoll? Matt North. 
He offered his hand but Driscoll didnt bother shaking it, You sure youre eighteen? he asked.
You got the cash? 
Two big lads moved in from the side, These are my two boys, Luke and Bob 
Matt looked at the two of them and held their hard stares. 
Whats this, my warm up? 
Let me give you a quote from one of my favourite films, Your mouths writing cheques that your body cant cash. 
Time will tell, old man. 
This really pissed Driscoll off, just as Matt had intended.
Show some respect boy, or Ill call the fight off. 
Respect is earned, and no you wont, we both know that. 
Piss off and get ready. 
Matt was not fazed by Driscolls weak threat, Just have my money ready, and then he headed for the changing rooms out back, stopping to look at the ring and take in the surroundings. There were lots of empty chairs, seven ceiling fans not yet running and a long bar at the rear where three barmen were getting things ready. Driscoll and his two boys were standing at the bar watching Matt as he left. 
Ope he gets a good kicking, Dad. 
He will son, trust me, he will. 
The changing rooms were down a rabbit warren of badly lit corridors then turning left they found theirs. A large doorman stood outside, big, fat and with a shaven head.
Fighters only, he said.
Matt nodded, See you two at fight time.
Take care, said Tina.
The doorman grinned, Too late for that, love. 
Matt disappeared behind the doorman and through the door with the old glove bag. As Matt entered, the smell of body odour and surgical spirits hit his nostrils. The room was full of macho young men, with two or three more men about his dads age. The whole room stared as Matt walked in, it reminded him of a western B movie when someone new walks into the saloon and the whole room stops and stares. 
The fighters continued to stare at him and he stared back. It was one of the older fighters who spoke to him first, Fink youre in the wrong place, son. 
Whys that then? 
Cause were all fighters here. 
Thats me then. 
Piss off son, who you fighting, Little Jimmy Osmond? the room erupted in laughter. 
Matt watched for a moment before replying No, Im fighting Ray Smith. 
Now they all stopped and one man said, So youre the sacrificial lamb then? 
Matt now smiled at the questioner, Its not over till the fat lady sings. 
Whats yer name, son? asked a heavily built older man. 
North, Matt North, and you? 
The big man smiled, Meat, Mike The Meat Thompson, you any relation to George North? 
Yeah, he was my granddad 
Figures, the Smiths have never liked your lot since that beating he gave them. 
He told me once. 
Listen you, watch out for his corner, stay away from it, theyre dirty bastards. 
Thanks, Ill try to remember that. 
Youll do well to. Your granddad was a legend; I watched em once beat a giant Yank. This geezer was massive, and your granddad took em apart in three rounds. It took eight men to carry em out the ring. A proper geezer he was, proper geezer, Mike chuckled at the memory. 
Your granddad would have done Smith with one hand. 
He would have done, but not you said another old fighter. The rest nodded in agreement. Georges name still carried a lot of respect, especially amongst the older fighters. 
Mike spoke to Matt again, Best you can do is keep on your toes, as the big man said, Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. If you try and go toe to toe with him youre gonna lose. No matter what, keep moving. 
Russ and Tina stayed at the back of the venue near the bar, trying to keep out of sight as best as possible. People were now flowing in and taking their seats, and the bar area was filling just as fast. The first bout started, a couple of small men with no real skill, but tough. Both were battering each other till one went down for the count. The crowd cheered and screamed for more.
The second and third bouts followed in the same vein, except that open of the fighters had his eye split wide open. The sight of blood sent the crowd wild. Russ was now looking quite concerned and Tina asked, You alright? 
Yeah, its gonna be a harder fight than Id thought. 
Its only five rounds though, right? 
I know, but a good fighter can do a hell of a lot of damage in five rounds.
Matt sat and waited, he and Smith were the last bout. He watched as the fighters returned, bloodied and battered. He expected no less for himself, or possibly worse. His thoughts were interrupted by Meat returning, bleeding from the nose and left eye, the blood stained grin told Matt hed won.
Done em, done em this time. Hes beat me twice before, but not tonight. 
Matt smiled. Meat smiled back then spat out the blood from his mouth, Third round I hit em bang on the night night button and down he went, not many get up from a face downer, son. 
Nice work, Meat, said the promoter. The gravelly sound of his voice told Matt he was a heavy smoker, Well done Meat, eres your money. 
Mike The Meat Thompson was grinning like it was Christmas.
You North? 
Yeah. 
Right, get them bandages off, this a full bare knuckle fight. 
Meat stopped grinning, What do you mean full? 
Piss off Meat, you know what it means. 
Matt had been looking between the two men as the promoter left the room, Meat said as he went, Wanker. 
I heard that. 
You were supposed to. 
Whats full mean, Meat? but before he could answer another fighter did. 
No rules, anything goes, wouldnt want to be you. 
The door opened too quickly for Matt to ask any more questions. 
North, youre up next. 
Matt stretched, Do me a favour Meat, and watch my bag? It belonged to my granddad. 
Will do son, remember what I said, keep on yer toes and stay away from his corner. 
Matt nodded and followed the man down the corridors. He heard the noise of the crowd getting louder, the room was filled with the smell of pungent combination of smoke, perfume and alcohol. For a moment the room fell silent as Matt walked in, then it erupted again. Russ and Tina came down and followed him to his corner. 
Whos this? asked the promoter.
My corner man. 
You didnt register em, only people registered can corner. 
Russ started to protest till Matt shook his head. Russs face said that he knew what the promoter was up to, Theyre doing what they can to make sure you dont win. 
Im not here to win, just to survive five rounds.
You can watch from over there, the promoter said then he left. 
Good luck, said Tina.
I dont believe in luck, but thanks anyway, and at that Matt climbed into the ring and surveyed the scene around him. The crowd was mainly full of men with a few women scattered about, all young and fit. Matt expected they were working girls, but he had no problem with that. Matt walked around the ring and as he got to the opposite side he was bombarded with abuse and all sorts of filth. He knew who they were; the Smith clan, and to piss them off some he waved back. 
A woman came up to the ring, pulled up her top and shouted, Want some baby boy? You look like you just got off your mums tits, she laughed loud like a witches cackle. 
No thanks, dont know whos had their mouth around those saggy bags 
Fuck off, dead meat, she spat at him then returned to her seat, grinning. 
Matt looked up and saw the seven fans were now going flat out, stirring up the smoky air. Back in his corner Matt sat and waited, soon the lights dimmed and a single spot light came on, illuminating a doorway, and then into the light came Ray Smith. Smith was a stocky, heavily built man, around five foot eleven tall. His jet black hair was swept back and the dark eyebrows met in the middle of his forehead. Smith had an evil looking face, not someone most people would cross. He reminded Matt of a human bull terrier. His body was glistening with sweat and he walked up to the ring grinning, soaking up all the attention. Two of Smiths entourage were undoubtedly his brothers, the other man was older, and last was a woman who looked quite pretty, although she was wearing far too much make up. 
When all five reached the ring Smith stood on the outside, waving his arms, encouraging the crowd to make more noise. While all of this was going on the promoter and Billy Owens climbed into the ring. The promoter went over to Smiths corner while Billy went to Matts.
I know who your granddad was. Ill do what I can, but if I have to stop the fight I will. 
NO, no you wont, Ive got your IOU that you still owe my granddad and now its me you owe. You do not stop the fight, no matter what happens, then its paid. 
And what happens if youre killed? 
Then it doesnt matter, I need five rounds Billy, thats all. 
Like I said, Ill do what I can, then he went over to Smiths corner while the promoter over to Matts. 
I dont expect you to last one round, so dont make a prick of yourself or me, right shithead? Youre not your granddad, and I didnt like him no more than I like you. 
Shame you didnt have the guts to tell him to his face, wanker. 
The look on the promoters face made Matt smile, he knew hed got him. 
Hope you like pain son, 'cause youre gonna get a whole heap of it, and sneered, moving to the centre of the ring. 
Wanker, Matt called after him. 
A microphone was handed to the promoter and he spent a minute or so stirring up the crowd before he introduced the fighters, To my left RAGING RAY SMITH! 
The crowd erupted in a frenzy of screams and cheers. 
And too my right the young pretender, MATT THE SACRIFICIAL LAMB NORTH! 
The crowd howled with laughter and jeers this time. He left the ring and now there were only three men inside the ring, Billy called both fighters over. 
You both ready? Smith nodded and so did Matt. Billys arm went down and the bell sounded for round one. Smith advanced, throwing bombs as he moved. Matt ducked and swerved away, he was moving way too fast for Smith, while planting a few good punches of his own. Matt had hit Smiths mid-section with some really solid punches, but not one seemed to have had any effect on him. The whole of the first round carried on as it had started, Smith throwing punches and missing, Matt moving and counter punching. The bell sounded to end the first round; both fighters went and sat on their stools. From the start Matt knew he could not match Smith for punching power, but if he could catch him on the night night button, as Meat put it, he may go down. Unlikely, as Smith had a rep as having a good chin, but worth trying. Matt was watching Smith talking rapidly to his two brothers in his corner. Im not as easy as you thought I was going to be, am I Smith, he thought to himself. Four more of these and he would be home free. Hed known before the fight that he couldnt stand toe to toe with Smith, no matter what he had implied to others. Smith was slow, almost Neanderthal in looks and physique, but he was also powerful and tough, a seasoned fighter, while Matt was young and fast, but would that be enough to stay on his feet until the end? Only time would tell. 
Smiths corner was a hive of chatter after his first comments when he sat down. 
Its like fighting a ghost, there one second gone the next, and Ill tell you something else, he hits hard for a kid. Smiths eldest brother Donny answered, Listen Ray, the kids tactic is to hit and run, he can probably do this for the rest of the fight. Hes not the mug we thought, so heres what well do; Rollo, get in here close, this is my plan. 
All three men put their heads in close so no one else could hear Donnys plan, Ray, you work em into our corner, you know like you was sheep herding, then me and Rollo will slow em down for yer, savvy? 
Yer, fink so. Ray Smith may have been blessed with some good fighting attributes, but when it came to brains he was two beers short of a six pack. 
The bell sounded for the second round and Matt continued where he had left off, hit and run. After another minute of Smith missing, Matt a youthful mistake, hed become over confident without really knowing it and forgot Meats words. Smith dummied a left so Matt would move right, then out of nowhere he darted forward. Matt backed up, straight into Smiths corner where his two brothers were eagerly waiting. Rollo stabbed a thin blade into Matts thigh, while Donny hit him in the head with an old fashioned blackjack, stunning him. Rollo, in his excitement, snapped the blade leaving most of it in Matts thigh. Matt staggered sideways with his vision now blurred.
Thatll slow em down Ray, now get em. 
Smith moved in, grinning. Billy stepped in front of him and was shoved aside, Piss off you old fart, snarled Smith, and for the first time in the fight Smith landed heavy punches to Matts head and face. He went crashing to the canvas. Matts nose was bleeding and a swelling was coming up over his left eye. He took a few seconds before getting up and, only just partially blocked a big right that sent him sprawling across the ring. It was only by grabbing the top rope that he managed to stay on his feet. Matt instinctively ducked as a right left combination whizzed over his head. He was a sitting duck and he knew it. Move, that was all he could think about. Move and keep moving. For Matt though, the damage had already been done. Smith was now enjoying himself, at last a target he could hit. Matts movements were now much slower and less fluid than before. He knew he was in real trouble, and worst of all he knew that Smith knew it as well. The blood thirsty crowd were on their feet, screaming for more pain. A series of solid punches followed by a short left it dropped Matt again. As he lay there he looked into the crowd and watched a young good looking woman who was screaming so hard for more blood that her spittle was covering the man in front of her, not that he seemed bothered as he was doing the same. Matt used the middle and top rope to haul himself up, and this time he set off straight away, staggering on unsteady legs. He needed to get away, and he needed time to recover. Smith was having none of it and launched another attack. In his eagerness to inflict more pain, Smith was throwing punches wildly. Matt managed to avoid most, but not all, and one caught him on the shoulder, propelling him across the ring. Before Smith could continue the bell sounded for the end of the second round. Matt staggered back, bloody and beaten to his corner. 
Russ looked at Tina, Bollocks to this, you stay here, then he ran to Matts corner, put in the stool and jumped into the ring with a bucket of water and a sponge, dousing him with water. 
Matt looked up and smiled, So much for plan A. 
Youre crazy, you know that? Deep breaths in through your nose and out through your mouth. 
Matts unique ability to heal fast was now being put to the test, and it would have to go into overdrive to keep up with the damage being inflicted upon his body. He needed time, and time was a luxury he didnt have as Billy Owens indicated for Russ to leave the ring. The bell went for the third round and with his movements restricted the round went the same way as the one before. Smith was hitting him with hard head and body shots, but what Matt didnt know was that Smith was under strict instructions to inflict as much pain as he could, and he loved to hurt people. When the bell sounded for the end of round three his face was almost unrecognisable to anyone who knew him, his left eye was now completely shut and the right was swelling up quickly, his nose was bleeding and bruised, and his top lip was oozing blood over his mouth and chin. The jaw muscles on both sides were swollen, making speaking a real problem, and to himself Matt sounded like the Elephant Man, and probably looked worse.
Russ doused his face again, How you doing? 
Well Im not winning, if thats what you mean, he tried to smile but only succeeded in making a lopsided grin.
You cant take much more Matt, you could die here. 
If its meant to be then so be it. 
Bob n weave, try to keep moving. 
I will. 
The bell sounded for the fourth round. Russ left the ring and walked back to Tina, who was now openly sobbing, We have to stop this Russ, we have to.
I dont think we can, its not that easy. I dont know whats keeping him going, he should have been flat out the last round. 
If youre not going to try to stop this then I will. 
Matt stood flexing his shoulders then rolled his head. Lifting his arms and clenching his fists he went forward, two lefts and a right cross sent him crashing to the canvas. Matt lay there for a few seconds taking three deep breaths before trying to get up. He now needed the ropes to help him. He had barely stood up when a viscous right nearly took his head off, but he had instinctively ducked just in time. Matt moved right and away from Smith, trying to gather himself. Smith caught up with him ten seconds later and a four punch combination sent him crashing down again. Outside the ring the crowd were going crazy, their blood lust working overtime. 
Matt didnt see or hear any of this, neither did he notice Tina screaming at him, STAY DOWN, please stay down. Dont get up. Getting up was harder and harder each time. Tina was now trying to get someone to stop the fight. She spotted the promoter talking to a man in the crowd and just behind him walking down the aisle came a big muscular man. He had dark, greying hair and was dressed in smart jeans, a well pressed striped shirt, and he had four large gold rings on one hand. What really caught her eye was the steel toe capped boots, they just didnt fit with his clothes. He was followed by an even bigger man with a mountain of wild ginger hair and a huge pair of hands. Tina ran up to the promoter, pleading with him to stop the fight. Her tears were flooding down her face and mixed with her streaked black mascara she looked like a crazed, smudged watercolour. 
Please, please stop the fight. 
Stop it? Youve got to be joking, this is great! 
PLEASE, hes only fifteen! 
Go home, darlin, then he left her standing there. 
Tina next tried the two big men watching, Please, can you stop the fight? 
Deny McBride looked down at her, Not for me to do, Im guessing he knew what he was doing.
NO please, please. 
The crowd roared. Tina looked at the ring in time to see Matt hit the canvas hard, his head was just under the bottom rope and blood from his nose, eyes and mouth was running over the edge of the ring. Tina ran up to him and screamed, STAY DOWN! Dont get up, stay down, please. 
Matt looked at her with the only working eye he still had. He gave her the faintest of smiles, then shook his head and started to rise again. 
NO, NO! 
Deny looked on as Tina stepped back, pulling her hair as she screamed at him, I HATE YOU MATT NORTH, I HATE YOU! 
Russ put his arm around her Leave it Tina, just leave it, but shed completely broken down. 
Deny moved closer and was focused solely on Russ and Tina, Whats his name? he asked, motioning towards ring, Matt North. 
Deny looked at Matt getting up then back to Russ. Was his old man a big heavy set bloke? 
No, his dads a small fella, but I did meet his granddad once and that sounds like him. 
Deny didnt change his expression on the outside, but on the inside he thought, You fool McBride, its one of his grandsons, and his mind went back to the day he first met George North. 
The two Maskell brothers were with two of their mates, he could remember it like it was yesterday and the words George had said to him when he said he owed him one, Im big enough and ugly enough to look after myself save it for my grandsons. Under his breath he said Matt North, the toughest kid in town, thats what theyd called him when he was a small boy, due to an incident that had happened at school. How could he have forgotten so quickly? Well now was the time to pay that debt to George. Deny returned his attention to Russ, Whats he doing here? 
The bell sounded for the fourth round before Russ could answer, Hes here to last five rounds for 1,000 to keep his brother out of Borstal.
And whos holding the money? 
Russ pointed to Driscoll, That slippery bastard. 
Tina asked again, Can you stop the fight? 
A voice from behind her shouted, Why dont you shut up, you stupid little slut? 
Piss off, she replied. 
The spectator was so engrossed in slagging off Tina he failed to notice Deny approaching. Deny hauled him up by his hair and started shaking him around, Jono was right by his side with his huge hands clenched into a pair of massive fists, ready to strike anyone who interfered with Deny.
Shes a friend of mine, you abuse her then youre abusing me, and that puts you in really bad place, wanker. 
Deny threw him back in his chair, daring him to get up. 
Sorry mate, look Im only here to see some blood, thats all, his girlfriend nodded in agreement. Deny tilted his head to one side and shrugged his big shoulders in a sort of agreement. The spectator started to smile, but he never got to complete it. Deny hit him with the back of his hand straight in the face, breaking his nose and splitting both upper and lower lips. The blood gushed over his chin and covered his shirt, but he just sat there in complete shock. 
Deny growled, If you want to see more blood just let me know, or Jono here, GOT IT? 
The wounded spectator tried to say something, but his mouth just opened and shut, like a goldfish, and no sound came out.
Deny left the man and his girlfriend and went back to Russ and Tina, So let me get this straight, he finishes five rounds and Oilly Driscoll hands over 1,000? 
Yeah, thats the strength of it, Russ replied.
Deny called Jono over, Whats up, Deny? 
Cant explain right now, just go over to Oilly and make sure he dont leave without speaking to me first. 
No probs. 
And Jono, dont forget that old coat slipping trick of his, Jono looked hurt for a moment, but before he could explain to his friend that he knew well enough about Driscolls trick and there was no way he would fall for it Deny got in first, Sorry pal, didnt mean it to come out like that. 
Jono put a big hand on his friends shoulder, I can see this means a lot to you. 
It does. 
Jono moved up to the bar area and stood ten feet from Oilly Driscoll. Deny called over a small man, Tina thought he looked like a jockey on steroids, he had all the right proportions but seemed to be in miniature. Paddy Barrettina stood 4ft7 tall, had a shaved head and was loaded with muscles. He was of mixed race; his mother was Irish and his father Italian, and if that wasnt strange enough the best was yet to come when he spoke. His voice was so deep that youd have expected to see a huge black man standing there, not Paddy Barrettina. Tina, like most people who heard him for the first time, just stared in disbelief. How could such a voice come from such a small body? Deny looked down, All the lads here? 
Yeah, and tooled up as requested, Boss. Why we heavily armed tonight? 
Ill tell you later. 
The truth was Deny had no idea why hed instructed everyone to come armed, something inside, a feeling or instinct maybe.
Check on everyone and be ready, nobody moves till I say so, got it Berretta? 
Got it, Boss, back in a mo, Paddy loved his nickname so much that he didnt answer to anything else, and he also carried the pistol his name was taken from, and was rumoured to be a crack shot with it. He had known Deny since they were kids at infant school. Deny admired the fact that the tiny kid would fight anyone, losing normally, but completely fearless. Deny helped him with two bigger boys once and they had been friends ever since. 
Matt slumped down on the stool in the corner, alone and completely exhausted. He had been running on fumes for most of the last round and for the first time in his short life doubt started to creep in at the back of his mind. His body had been punished so much that his amazing healing ability was way over worked and although he had been taught to handle pain by stuffing it into an imaginary box in the back of his mind, this box was starting to crack open. Out of breath and blowing like a race horse that had just finished the Grand National, he blew snot from his nose with his thumb and wiped the blood from his face as best he could. 
Billy Owens came over and bent down to talk to him, Ive gotta stop this son or youll get killed. 
NO, YOU OWE, you owe 
I know, but this aint worth it, trust me son. 
You owe me, honour your debt Billy. 
If your granddad was here hed kill me. 
If he was here then Smith would have been out in the first round.
Yeah thats true, youre a lot like em, stubborn old git he was, Billy laughed and Matt nodded. Billy looked over to Smiths corner, his two brothers were in the ring talking fast and gesturing.
Theyre up to something, watch yourself, son, then he left Matt alone with his thoughts. Moments later Matt started to rise. He felt like he had a bag of cement on each shoulder, his feet moved like he was wearing lead diver boots and his arms seemed to have no energy in them at all. It was like he was carrying a car battery in each hand. Hed come this far, only three minute now and it was done. His whole body was wracked with pain, but for the moment he could handle that, he and pain were old friends. The fatigue was different though, he had completely underestimated it, something he swore he would never do again. 
Matt flexed his shoulders and rolled his head as the bell sounded for the last round. Smith sprinted over the moment the bell sounded. Matt managed to avoid the first three punches by bobbing and weaving and blocked the next, but a viscous right caught him on the top of his head and he went down. Smith stood over him, grinning from ear to ear. Donny was screaming at him, Smith went back to his corner as Matt climbed up on the ropes, convinced he would not make it up from another knock down. 
The plan Ray, the plan, shouted Donny.
Yeah, forgot. 
Now get em in this corner. Smith nodded, Billy noted the evil grin on his face. Matt put up his fists as Smith approached, expecting bombs to be thrown, but instead he started show boating, feigning punches, and when he did throw them they had no power. Matt backed up as he approached, Smith went left and then right. What Matt didnt realise was that he was being herded towards Smiths corner. 
Deny did and roared, STAY OUT OF HIS CORNER! but Matt didnt hear him, and without any indication Smith shot forward, shoving Matt in the chest, straight back into his corner where Donny and Rollo were waiting. Rollo grabbed both his legs while Donny held his arms against the top rope. Matt was in the crucifix position in Smiths corner, he struggled but couldnt break free. Billy Owens stepped in, only to be hurled across the ring.
Piss off, Granddad. 
Smith took four paces back then ran towards Matt, leaping high into the air. Another pair of hands grabbed Matts hair and pulled his head back so he could see what was coming. Smith travelled a long way in the air, he looked like an avenging Valkyrie, then smashed a terrific head butt straight into Matts face. Matt was knocked out cold, and Smith laughed and smashed two more head butts in to Matts face. Smith grasped Matt around the throat with both hands and hoisted him up above his head, parading his limp body around the ring. 
NORTHS, I SHIT ON EM! he roared and the crowd went wild, screaming and shouting their approval. Like a discarded rag doll, Smith threw Matt towards the corner and went back to his two brothers, waving to the crowd as he went. Matt bounced off the top rope and landed near the corner, laying there motionless. Tina was screaming at him, DONT move, stay down, please, no more, no more. 
Deny shoved two spectators aside and stood with his face only feet away from Matts, Toughest kid in town, come on then show me. GET UP! 
Matt never moved so Deny tried again, GET UP! What would your granddad say seeing you laying there? GET UP! The mention of his granddad triggered something deep in Matts memory and neurons now shot around his brain, sparking some old advice, advice that his granddad had given him, If youre losing conciseness then focus on the head of a pin, when you can see that enlarge it to a marble, then a billiard ball and so on.
Matt half opened his one good eye, his vision was blurred but he was now conscious. Matt heard the same voice again, he knew it and tried to put a name to it. 
Get up and make your granddad proud. Matt sucked in as much air as he could, then started to pull himself up to his knees using the middle rope, and with the aid of the top rope he managed to haul himself upright. He staggered to his right as his knee failed to lock out, luckily the corner came to his aid, helping him to stay on his feet. He was taking deep breaths, he needed oxygen to help him recover. 
The Smith brothers had not seen any of this and neither had the crowd at their end of the ring. They all fell silent as one of the Smiths pointed out that Matt was back on his feet. His face was a mask of blood, running from a multitude of cuts down over his chin to his chest. Deny called out, Berretta, with me, both men headed for the time keepers table. Smith looked on in disbelief, before launching into another attack. Matt covered up and tried to keep his head moving. Smith, in his rage and anger, was missing with most of his punches, and those that did land were off target or blocked. 
Deny asked the time keeper, How long left? 
Fifty five seconds. 
Ring the bell, he growled.
Cant do that till the times up. 
Berretta shoved his pistol hard in to the time keepers ribs and said in a deep scary voice, YOU HEARD THE MAN, NOW RING IT, or itll be your time thats up, pal. 
At that he cocked his pistol, the time keepers hammer hit the bell faster than a rattlesnake striking. 
Billy Owens heard the bell and leapt between Matt and Smith, holding Matt up in the corner, You did it son, you bleeding well did it, dont ask me how, but you bloody well did. 
Smith had stepped back and looked on in disbelief, he resembled a fox hound that had just had its quarry taken from him. Now he went berserk, punching wildly and trying to drag Billy out of the way so he could get back to beating on Matt, but Billy refused to let go. Deny reacted and rolled under the bottom rope, grabbing Smith and throwing him across the ring. Denys men now made their move. 
It was Rollo who spotted them and their weapons and he screamed, SHOOTERS, shooters, McBrides gang are tooled up with shooters. 
Smiths family and friends stopped, they werent ready for this sort of fight. Sabina, Smiths long-time girlfriend, dashed into the ring and stood facing Smith. Both men stared aggressively at each other. 
Fuck off McBride, this aint got nothing to do with you. 
It has now, the lads a friend of mine. 
You want it then do yer? Smith yelled, and tried to go forward. Sabina held him tight, she was stuck to him like a limpet and knew what would happen if an all-out fight started; carnage, a complete massacre, and none of her people had guns. She had to make sure her man never started a fight with McBride. 
Ray, youve won, leave it, she knew Smith was a hot head and an extremely short fuse on his temper, with no thought to the consequences of his actions, she had to stop him. Sabina knew Ray loved three things more than anything else; fighting, sex and getting drunk, and she knew what buttons to press. Still holding him in a tight grip Sabina whispered, Oh baby I love it when youre covered in sweat, god that smell really turns me on. 
Smith was rigid, taught and ready to fight.
Come on baby, youve done a North, now do me good, you know you wanna, she started to kiss his body and felt him relax slightly, then her hand drifted slowly down to his groin and she gently rubbed. Smith relaxed and kissed her hard on the lips, so hard in fact it made her lips bleed, but she knew she had him now. 
First we shag, then we get stinking drunk, he grinned and she grinned back. With his arm around her shoulder, his hand over her right tit, they left the ring and headed for the changing room. A few minutes later the hall had calmed down. Driscoll, at the sound of the bell set off towards the exit. He was stopped short by a big hand around his neck. Deny wants a word before you go, Oilly. 
I was only going for a piss, thats all. 
Tough, youll have to hold it, move. 
Driscolls two sons came forward to help their dad; Jono stopped and looked into their faces. 
Want something?
Let em go or else. 
Or what? boomed a deep voice, the two men looked to where the voice had come from and saw a small man holding a gun that was pointing straight at them. 
Oh Jono, them two have got blades in their hands. 
All three Driscolls had made a big mistake crossing Jono Murphy and Berretta. Driscoll shook his head at his sons and they put away their knives. After he had made a few weak protests, Oilly had no choice but to go with the big Irishman. Matt was out of the ring with Billy, Russ and Tina. 
Deny strolled over, Toughest kid in town, dont remember me do yer? 
Matt moved his head so that his right eye was in line with Denys face and then took a moment to focus properly, Deny Boy McBride. 
Deny laughed, You know youre the first person in years thats called me by that name that I aint punched out for taking the piss. Its Deny now, just Deny. 
Deny it is. 
At that moment Jono arrived, shoving Oilly Driscoll ahead of him. 
Any problems, Jono?
Nah, well just them two dick heads of his, got no manners. Pulled knives on me and Berretta. 
Denys head turned slowly to look at the two men standing back from them, before he returned to Driscoll. 
Alright Deny? Heard you wanna word with me, its just I gotta take a piss you know, its an age thing. 
First, only my friends call me Deny and youre not one of them, second, you owe this lad a Rio, so pay up. 
1,000? No way, it was, 500 De...Mr McBride. 
Liar, it was 1,000 for five rounds, shouted Tina. 
Cut the shit Oilly, give the lad his Rio. 
Driscoll looked like a scolded child and with a speed of hand not expected from a man his age he withdrew a wad of twenty pound notes. Oilly offered the wad to Matt. Denys hand shot out and griped Oillys hand holding the cash, Do you wanna count that out again Oilly?
No, why? 
Because it looks a little light to me, but if youre happy then Ill have it counted, and for every pound its short Im gonna smash you straight in the face as hard as I can, savvy? he let Driscolls hand go, now he was looking scared. 
Well alright, Ill do it again, but I got this straight from the bank you know, I never counted it. God, if you cant trust a bank cashier who can you trust? Oilly slowly moved each note from one hand to the other. Quite a few were folded in two making the wad appear bigger than it was. 
Bloody hell, look at that, some bastards done me, look theyve folded them over. 
Deny took the cash from him while holding his gaze and handed the cash to Misty, his girl, Count this for me, babe. Misty shuffled the money and with a hand speed that defied belief she counted the cash, putting some notes to one side as she went. 
180 real unfolded, 240 folded in half and 580 counterfeit 
Find the rest babe can yer? 
Mistys hands darted in and out of Oillys pockets, bringing out more cash and then she counted again putting, some into one pile. 
1,000 all real. 
Never trust a Driscoll son, more slippery than a barrel of eels. 
Matt accepted the money and never took his eyes off of Driscoll. Jono shoved him away and told him, Fuck off, Oilly. 
Deny asked Matt, How are you three getting home? 
My dads picking me and Tina up, answered Russ.
What about you, Matt? 
The train, I dont think Russs dad would want me in his car. 
Where you living now? 
Matt hesitated, not sure if he should give away his home address. He looked at the cash in his hand and then at Deny. 
He read his thoughts, If I wanted to nick yer money I could do that any time I liked. 
Matt knew Deny was sound but he had taken a real beating to get this money, but then again what choice did he have? Basildon. 
Deny turned to Jono and Berretta, Thats on our way aint it? 
Yeah, replied Jono. Berretta gave them both a strange look. Basildon was nowhere near where they were going, but he nodded in agreement anyway. Matt tried to smile, but it made him look stupid, he felt like he had just come out of the dentist after an injection. 
Ive got to go to the changing room and get my stuff first. 
Mind if we tag along?
Why? 
Deny half smiled and half scowled, remembering some of the stupid comments hed given to George, A Rio is a lot of cash around here, and its better to be safe than sorry. 
Matt led the way through the maze of corridors to the changing room, he saw Meat sitting on a bench and there on the floor face down a few yards away was a young lad, unconscious, laying in a pool of blood that was still oozing from his nose and mouth. Meat looked up as they entered, Alright Deny, Jono, Berretta. 
Were good, whats with the lad? 
Caught em going through Matts bag, no respect these kids today. 
At the sound of voices the young thief stirred and started to get up.
Does Dotty know youre here, Meat? 
ope not Deny, shell kill me if she did. 
Deny smiled, hed known Mike The Meat Thompson for years, not the sharpest tool in the box but solid and hard; old school. He knew Meat would not run from a fight even if he couldnt win. Dotty his tiny Scottish wife, now she was a different story. She put the fear of god in him, but he had no idea how.
Hows work, Meat? 
Not good Deny, thats why Im here, the rent needs paying. 
Deny started to think Meat had shown Matt a great courtesy by doing what he did, and he liked that. Honour was a thing Deny admired most in anyone. 
Matt offered his hand to Meat, Thanks for keeping an eye on my bag, I owe you one. 
No you dont son, Im sure youd ave done the same for me. You look like youve head butted the flying Scotsman, he chuckled, and Matt did his best to smile back. 
Howd your fight go, Meat? 
Done em Deny, right on the night, night button, revenge plus 300 to boot. 
Deny smiled and nodded, Whats your Dotty doing now?
Cleaning shit houses, she hates it. 
Ive got some work if youre interested? 
Meat wouldnt have been his first choice, in fact he hadnt even considered him at all, but hed helped the lad knowing him only by his granddads reputation. 
Just signed up a club in Chelsea, top drawer, and I need good old school doormen, not fist happy youngsters, know what I mean, Meat? 
Yeah, yeah sure, Deny. 
Ive got it for three years and some. The clientele are mainly Arabs, rich Arabs. It pays 300 a week plus tips and they tip big, you up for it? 
300 a week? Bloody right I am. 
Good, then its a deal, Deny offered his hand to seal the deal. Meat shook it vigorously, You know Isaacs tailors down the Roman? 
Sure. 
Go and get two suits, five shirts, two pairs of shoes and a bow tie, tell em to put it on my slate. 
Thanks Deny, thanks mate. 
The young thief was now standing on his feet somewhat unsteadily, tenderly touching his three broken ribs and smashed up face. 
Meat pointed at him with his big sausage like finger, I aint gonna call the coppers 'cause I dont fink youll ever steal from ere again, now piss off, scum. 
The lad staggered away. Meats joy was short lived, cut short by a high pitched female Scottish voice, YOU LYING BASTARD! You said youd never fight again! 
Dotty, but I won, look 300! We can pay what we owe. 
I dont care, you know what the doctor said. 
Im fine, what do they know anyway? And I got a job with Deny. Top dollar, didnt I, Deny? 
Yeah, Meat tells me your shit house cleaning. 
So what? Its a job, she spat out. 
Dotty, were sorted now, three years work, aint that true Deny? 
Deny nodded. 
Dotty fixed him with a hard stare, Is that true? 
Deny smiled at her, Of course, I know the clubs looking for a cloakroom lady, interested?
No. 
It pays 100 a week and you can keep an eye on Meat at the same time. 
Ah come on Dotty, itll be great me and you working together. 
She pondered for a moment, weighing up the offer, Okay well try it out. 
Meat could hardly contain his excitement, what a night. That kids good luck, he thought. 
Lets get a drink to celebrate, Dotty, and the two of them left. 
Then, almost as fast as she had exited, she returned and stared straight into Denys eyes, If this is a joke McBride, youll have me to deal with. 
Deny raised both hands as if her pointing finger was a loaded gun, Its all kosher, and she left without another word. Come on son, lets get out of here before she comes back. 
In the car heading to Basildon Matt sat in the back. He was dead tired but refused to sleep, not in front of these men anyway. The car came off the A13 at the Basildon turning and Matt gave directions. Passing through the town Deny thought, just another new town, no different than Harlow where he been once before. The car stopped at the back of a row of terraced houses, This is fine for me, and thanks again for your help. 
Its nice to be able to pay part of a debt. Heres my number, call me if you need anything. 
Matt shook hands with the three men, waved at the driver and shut the door. He watched as the car drove off before opening the back gate. 
Where to now, Boss? asked Brian the driver. 
Deny turned around in the front seat to look at Jono and Berretta, Im up for having a chat with the Oilly boys. 
A deep voice replied, Thats us, right Jono? he smiled. 
Right Brian, find me that Oilly scum Driscoll. 
Matt walked up the short garden path to the back door. He stopped and listened, there was a lot of noise coming from inside which was not what he was expecting. Being totally shattered he couldnt care less. Job done, he thought, and entered the house. Half way between the lounge door and kitchen he came face to face with a pretty girl. She screamed, placing a hand over her mouth and ran back inside pointing at the door. The sight of Matts bloodied, cut and swollen face had scared the shit out of her. Everyone in the room stopped talking and stared at the open door, and as one the whole room gasped at him. His face was a complete mess. He had one eye swollen shut, the other half closed, both of his lips were puffed up and he had bruises and patches of dried blood all over, including in his blonde hair which was damp and now matted together where the blood had congealed. 
Matt hadnt changed his clothes and was still wearing his shorts and plimsolls from the fight. His body was a mass of purplish bruises and jutting out of his right thigh was the remains of Rollos knife. With his granddads bag in his right hand Matt stood and looked around the room. Emma erupted and shouted angrily at him, Dont you think weve got enough to worry about without you getting in to a fight? Why dont you think of us for once instead of being so bloody selfish? but her hard stare was lost on him.
He turned his head to compensate for only having some vision in one eye. Matt walked up to the smoked glass coffee table and slowly moved his clenched left fist that was battered and blooded to the centre. He opened his hand and let the large roll of cash drop out, it hit the table, bouncing twice before it stopped and lay still. With his one half good eye he looked at Emma and held her gaze for some time before speaking. 
One thousand pounds, was all he said. 
Emmas mouth dropped open in disbelief.
George broke the silence, Where did you get that from? 
I took a fight, Joey Driscoll arranged it. 
His dads voice became slightly accusing, And you fought who? 
Smith. 
Which one? he demanded.
Ray Smith. 
What, are you mad? That blokes a killer. Hes rated in the top three bare knuckle fighters. Why? 
You needed 1,000. 
You could have been killed for Christ sake, his anger was tempered with the fact they now had the money for the court tomorrow. 
Im still here. Matt was struggling to talk so he kept his answer short. 
George snorted through his nose, Is that what youd call it? Look at yourself, and he shook his head. 
Emma set about counting the cash, taking no notice of the blood stained notes. Satisfied it was all there she looked at the battered young man standing there and realised the lengths he had gone to for his brother. It would change her views forever where Matt was concerned.
George asked as he walked towards Matt, Anything broken? 
I dont think so. 
George ran his hands over his sons body, checking for damage. Nothing broken, but his eyes went to the knife and stayed on the remains of the blade. 
Can you remove it, Dad? 
George swallowed hard, Matts skin had already sealed around the blade and the only way to get it out was to break the seal, this was going to hurt. 
I dont think I can, Ill go and ask Christine to come over, shes a nurse, shell know. 
While they waited Emma took the cash upstairs and hid it. She sat on the bed and looked at herself in the mirror. 
Why am I so horrible to him? she thought, whats the matter with me? All hes ever done is try to protect us. 
She heard the front door open and she got up and went back downstairs, just as Christine came in. Matt didnt move as Emma and Christine entered. George explained what needed doing and Christine took a moment to look at the sunken blade, You need to go to hospital, Matt. 
No can do, it has to come out here, he replied. 
I cant do anything like that, Id lose my job, all I can do is dress it. 
Its up to you then, Dad. 
George had got a pair of pliers out of the drawer to grip the blade with, but now he was faced with the fact he had to pull it out, and he was not sure he could. 
I need a drink first, his hands shook slightly. 
You remove the blade and Ill dress it, George. Ill need two bandages, some gauze, and something to clean the wound with. What have got, Emma? 
Not much. She went to the cupboard that had their medicines and things, but the best she could find was a bottle of surgical spirits. 
Will this do? 
Christine looked at the bottle knowing full well that this was going to be painful, very painful. 
Christine was kneeling ready with the gauze and surgical spirits, as George and the pliers hovered over the blade. George moved to put the pliers onto the blade, but for some reason he couldnt stop shaking. Cursing, he tried again and got the same result. He threw the pliers down in frustration. 
Christine picked them up, No one must know Ive done this, no one, right? 
With everything to hand she put the pliers onto the blade and her other hand on his thigh, Im sorry Matt, but Im going to have to hurt you...a lot. 
He straightened up to his full height as though he was standing to attention before replying, You cant hurt me. 
Christine gave the blade a couple of gentle tugs, Its stuck fast and it seems that your skin has healed around the blade, thats strange. 
Do whatever you have to, he replied. Christine took one deep breath and pulled, at first the blade resisted then it gave way and slid out. She dropped the knife and pliers, and blood now started to flow down his leg, someone was vomiting in the kitchen. 
Christine applied the surgical spirits expecting him to pull away and cry out in pain. Nothing, not any movement, and not even a whimper. Like a stone statue Matt stood there. After cleaning the wound she dressed it, Ill come back tomorrow to check on it after my shift, Matt nodded in way of a response, and then Christine left. 
It was a while before the tense atmosphere eased and changed into joy. No Borstal for Ian, everyone was happy. George poured himself a beer, smiling and Emma looked relieved. Only Matt seemed unchanged. 
You okay, son? 
Tired and hungry, Dad. 
George returned with an opened tin of tuna and three slices of buttered bread, Your granddad always had this after a fight, he swore by it. 
Matt started to eat, and having finished the tuna and bread he spoke to his dad. 
He slagged off Granddad. Im going to train harder and go back and get him for what he said. 
And what, come back like this again? It doesnt matter what he said, George said angrily. 
It matters. 
No it doesnt. 
With his one good eye Matt stared hard at his dad, and the fierceness of his stare made George swallow. 
It matters to me. 
George thought for a moment and smiled gently, putting his hand around Matts neck and squeezed, If it matters to you then it matters to me. Next time we do this together, right? 
A sort of smile appeared on Matts face. 
Then its a deal, said George, right, Im off up the pub to celebrate. You coming, Ian? I know Jimmy will let you in. 
Emma was one of those people who when they had something to say they did just that, Do you have to go drinking now? 
You got what you wanted aint yer? 
Ten minutes later the house was empty except for Emma and Matt. The house seemed eerily quiet now. Emma went upstairs to check on the money and when she returned Matt was sound asleep in the middle of the sofa, his battered face and body covered in dried blood, his chest moved rhythmically up and down as he slept. Right then and there she decided her attitude towards him would change and for the better. Getting a bowl of warm water Emma sat next to Matt and started to bathe away the dried blood. Without realising it she had started to talk to him, knowing he would never hear.
Im sorry for the way Ive treated you in the past. I know all youve ever done is try to protect my sons, and all Ive ever done is slag you off. Well, as from now that changes. Its not you or your mother that I really hated for whats happened, its your dad. I just couldnt bring myself to admit it, thats all. 
When shed finished, Emma put a soft blanket over him and sat reading a book, not wanting to put the TV on in case it woke him. 
At 10.58pm George and Ian came in. Emma ushered them upstairs so as not to wake Matt. 
The next morning Emma got up early. Matt was still asleep in the same position, that in itself was not strange, but what was odd was his face. The cuts and bruises had nearly healed, and all the swelling had gone down. Emma silently gasped and she said to herself, God, what are you? Then remembered her promise and went to make a pot of tea. 
Matt stirred and started to move, his stiff muscles. Emma brought him a cup of tea and smiled before saying, Today is the start of something new between me and you. And so it was. 

Chapter 18

Sue smiled sadly and stayed quiet for a while. His description of the beating had actually made her cry and she wanted time to recover. 
Matt watched her, then followed her gaze, Nice and peaceful isnt it? 
Very. 
Wed best get some sleep, weve got a big day ahead of us tomorrow. 
And a long night, she thought, and smiled to herself, Did you ever go back and fight him again?
Thats for another time maybe. Good night. 
Sue knew she would get no more from him tonight, so she went to her tent and pulled down the mosquito net. Sue found that sleep didnt come easily as her mind kept rerunning the fight he had described. She had a lump in her throat again from reliving it, and it was her last thought before sleep washed over her.
* * *
Sue was awakened by the familiar aroma of freshly brewed coffee and bacon burger frying in the pan.
What time is it? 
6:28am. 
She stayed still, waiting to wake fully and watched Matt, noticing that he was washed, dressed and looking fresh while she felt sweaty and grimy. A strip wash in the river was called for after breakfast and coffee. 
There was something about his appearance that was strange, but she couldnt put her finger on it. Whatever it was, she thought, it was sure to come to her later. 
The bacon burger sandwich was delicious even though the bread seemed a little strange, and as she started the second sandwich it hit her. Matt was always clean shaven and yet shed never seen him shave. Why it should seem strange she had no idea, and she tucked the thought away in the back of her mind. 
Food and drink finished, Sue went to the waters edge and stripped off. Bathed and dried she was now in some reasonably fresh clothes, the slightly musty smell was not a problem now as she knew she would have a proper bath and be wearing some much more feminine clothes before tonight. 
Ah yes, tonight, go anywhere and do anything I like. Youre not the only one with a good memory Mr North she thought, and smiled smugly. 
A penny for them, he called.
These ones are priceless, youll see, she smiled wickedly, youll see, she repeated under her breath. 
Matt started to break camp for the last time and his face was a mixture of mild concern and intrigue, 4 hours later they were pottering along the Chao Phraya Delta. The closer they got to Bangkok the busier the river became, until it was like the M25 at rush hour. 
How long till we dock, Matt? 
About fifteen minutes. 
You told Cen wed meet him at 3pm and its only 1.35pm, how do you know hell be there? 
He would have got there around 10am so as not to miss us.
And hell just sit and wait? 
Yes he will, and if needed hed wait for days, if not weeks in the same spot. 
A good friend then? 
His whole family are. 
It wasnt long before the busy dock came into view and it was full of small craft of all shapes and sizes, some even had permanent roofs on them. The sight reminded her of a past trip to Venice. As they closed with the dock Cen came down to the edge of the jetty. He caught the rope that Matt threw and tied up the boat. Sue seemed surprised that no one was bothered that two westerners and a Wolf had just pulled up. Cen and Matt shook hands and exchanged greetings in Thai.
Sawasdee khap, Miss Young. 
Sawasdee ka, Cen, Sue replied, in her best Thai, then switching back to English in her best stern head mistress voice she said, I want a word with you young man.
Hotel, bath, food then talk, yes? 
She kept staring at him, not changing her expression. Cen was looking quite concerned until she smiled and he smiled back. All four of them jumped aboard a tuk tuk and headed for the hotel. Sue watched as the city went by and had a strange feeling of not wanting to be there. Shed always loved cities yet now she would rather be back on the river. It was Cen who made her smile, Miss Young?
Cen its Sue, got that? Sue. 
Okay Miss Sue, I have hotel near good shops you can buy good clothes and stuff. 
Im looking for a killer outfit for tonight, you think Ill find it here? 
Easy, Miss Sue. 
She smiled and shook her head, deciding not to correct him again. 
And what about you Matt, what are going to be wearing? 
He looked at her then down at his clothes, These? 
Oh no youre not, I want to see what you look like in a suit and tie. 
I dont think so. 
Sue rubbed her chin with her forefinger and thumb, Mm, if I recall it went something like this. Anything you want. 
He smiled easily, Okay, suit and tie it is. Cen, your uncle still make suits? 
Yep. 
Okay, well go there first. Cen spoke rapidly to the driver who nodded in reply. Sue liked it when Matt smiled in that easy way he had, in fact there was a lot about him she liked and what seemed weird was it didnt bother her to feel that way. Another thing that would have concerned her before, but now didnt, was that he was going to kill a man very shortly and in reality she hoped he did. 
* * *
The streets were awash with scooters darting dangerously in and out of the traffic, loaded with up to four passengers at a time. Overloaded cars and trucks sped past, blaring their horns. Her attention was drawn to a Ford Ranger truck, the load it carried was at least six feet higher than the cab, and the cherry on the cake was a man sitting on the top holding two ropes tied to the sides, trying to stop it all from falling off. People seemed to hang on to anything to get a ride, it was crazy. 
As they stopped at a set of lights, to Sues amazement a Honda scooter pulled up alongside them with five people on board, two adults and three kids. Dad was driving with his son in front of him, behind him was his wife carrying a baby, and in front of her was a small girl. Sue shook her head and laughed as the bike pulled away. 
A little later they stopped outside a shop, You coming? asked Matt. 
No, I think Ill stop here with Wolf. I think the driver would prefer that as well. She had noticed the nervous look on the drivers face when Wolf jumped in. He seemed to relax when he realised she was staying in the tuk tuk. 
Five minutes later Matt and Cen returned, and no sooner had their rears touched the seat, the driver took off, hurtling into the busy traffic, obviously keen to get rid of this fare. 
That didnt take long, nothing in your size? 
No, he said hell run me one off in a couple of hours and have it delivered to the hotel. 
Oh, I cant wait. 
The trip to the hotel was a short one, it was quite impressive, not the Ritz but still fairly posh. The three large, black marble steps led to two revolving doors which took them to the reception area. It was cool inside, very cool compared to the outside heat and humidity. Cen went to get the keys and there seemed to be a problem with Wolf, the manager appeared and listened to Cen for a moment before tearing into the receptionist and apologised in broken English to Matt. They shook hands and the keys appeared. Matt gave Sue hers, Your key. 
What, Ive got my own room? But I always share with you. 
That was for your own protection, here youll be fine, she tried to conceal her disappointment as she followed him to the lift. Their rooms were next to each other. 
Cen said hell be back at 7pm, said Matt, and disappeared through his door.
The first thing Sue did on entering her room was to throw herself onto the bed landing spread eagled and breathed in deeply the smell of fresh sheets. 
Ah theres nothing quite like it, except maybe bacon burger, she said out loud. Picking up the phone she called the reception and was told that the clothing shops were open and yes they did have some killer outfits. Heading back down to the shops it took her no more than twenty minutes to find what she wanted and they would bring it to her room when it was ready. 
Sue laid there for a while before running a hot bath, letting the steam bellow out of the open bathroom door. She spent a long time in the bath, falling asleep for a while, but now her watch alarm was chiming telling her it was 6pm. She had an hour to get ready, should be enough. 
Along with the clothes shed also brought a lot of makeup, she was going to look her best for their last night. Sue was not sure why it mattered so much that she looked her best considering he had seen her at her very worst, but it did. At 6.44pm she knocked on his door, You ready yet? 
No, its early. 
Okay, see you down at the bar, she needed a drink, or maybe even two. 
Matt stood in front of the mirror to put on his tie and looked at himself, Its been a long time since I wore a suit he said to his reflection, then tied a Windsor knot in his tie and put on his jacket. One last check and he was ready. He and Wolf left the room and headed for the stairs, the lift doors opened and an old couple came out, leaving a smartly dressed woman alone in the lift, You going down? 
Yes, although I prefer the stairs. 
Afraid of lifts or is it me? 
Neither, Ill take the stairs; I could do with the exercise. 
So I cant interest you in ride then? she smiled and raised one neat eyebrow slightly. 
Who knows? Maybe, then he left the woman in the lift, taking the stairs two at a time. 
Sue spotted them at the door and waved. Matt headed in her direction. Wow, she thought, dumbstruck, he looked fantastic. The sky blue single breasted suit fitted like a glove, as did his white silk shirt which was complemented by a silver tie held in place with a gold pin with a black onyx circle in which was a gold M. She noticed that his cufflinks were also the same, and in his jacket pocket was a white silk handkerchief folded so that it had two points showing, all finished off with a pair of tan shoes. Sue could not help but smile as Matt and Wolf walked towards her, both moving in unison.
Well Miss Young, you look stunning. 
Ditto, Ive got you a water, she did a quick scan of the bar and smiled, most of the women were looking at Matt. Dream on girls, hes mine tonight, she said to herself. Her smugness took a hit when a good looking woman walked past and said to Matt, That offer of a rides still open. 
Ill bear it in mind. 
Anytime, she winked, and sashayed over to the bar. Sue saw Cen in the foyer and grabbed Matts arm, steering him towards the door. 
Whats this about a ride then? she asked accusingly.
A ride in the lift, but I dont use them. 
Oh, Im sure it was only a ride in the lift, Sue realised how she was sounding and shrugged her shoulders, you can stay here with her if you want. 
Its your night and thats your decision to make. 
Thats right it is my night, Cen take us somewhere lively. 
Okay Miss Sue, I know good place. The tuk tuk shot off into the traffic. Sue could see Matt was not happy with the ride, even though he was trying hard not to show it, and she loved the fact he was now out of his comfort zone and she was in hers. 
Ten minutes later, after a wild, white knuckle ride, they entered a street full of bars. Each played their own music, creating a chaotic noise until you entered a bar and took a table. Sue picked a bar, taking a table on the front veranda, and ordered drinks. As they waited she noted that all the bars were full of single western men dressed in the main in long shorts loud shirts and dodgy Rolexes with lots of Thai girls in attendance. Well this is Thailand, she thought, and they chatted easily for a while. Sue was now on her fifth drink and getting quite merry. On the table opposite sat a group of young Irish men drinking and eating and when any food fell to the floor a scraggy dog would come out from under the veranda and take it. As she noticed this so did one of the young men on the table, and the next piece he dropped on purpose. With his mates looking on, they waited for the dog to come out and retrieve the scrap of food, and as it slunk over to the table, he kicked it hard in the stomach. Their whole table laughed at this. Sue was not impressed and watched as he did it again, and this time the dog yelped. Matt was even less impressed and spoke to the man, Do that again Paddy, and me and you are going to fall out. 
Piss off you English bastard, he replied in a heavy Belfast accent, then he threw another piece of food down, glaring at Matt, daring him to do something. Matt rose up slowly and the Irish man did the same, except he suddenly charged Matt. He side stepped the rush and tripped the man up sending him crashing to the ground. Things now happened at an extreme pace, before he could get up a big grey blur shot towards him. Wolf clamped his jaws around the Irish mans throat and dragged him off the veranda, emitting a low growl as he went. Matt looked down at the man.
I wouldnt move if I were you or hell tear your throat out. A timber wolf has one of the strongest bites in the animal kingdom. 
The man had sobered up real quick, and the look of fear and panic was visible on his face. Stupidly he tried to move, Wolf tightened his grip and he stopped. The drooling saliva from Wolf ran down his neck and inside his shirt. Sue watched as a dark patch in the front of the mans shorts grew bigger, he was shaking uncontrollably. Matt tapped Wolf on the back and he let go, but didnt stopped growling. 
All shes trying to do is feed her young and what she doesnt need is a shit head like you giving her a hard time. What I would suggest is that you buy a big steak and give it to her, then go and change in to some clean shorts. What do you say? 
Yeah, yeah Ill do that right now. 
Wolf backed away to let him up but was ready to pounce at the slightest notice. The young Irish man did as Matt said then left almost running. 
Sue smiled, You never cease to amaze me. 
Matt shrugged his shoulders, I hate bullies. I always have. 
Where next? asked Sue.
What sort of bar you like? Men bar, girl bar, men girl bar, karaoke bar? said Cen. 
I love karaoke, what about you Matt? 
I hate karaoke. 
But its my night, so karaoke it is. Lead on Cen. 
Sue was really enjoying this in a nice, sarcastic way, seeing him look so uncomfortable. She took his arm and followed Cen, Dont worry it wont hurt, well not much anyway, she laughed. 
The karaoke bar was only a short walk away, but even so she was dripping with sweat. Matt still had his jacket on and seemed totally unfazed by the high humidity. The street was wall to wall bars full of men and girls with hundreds of plastic Chinese lanterns hanging outside every bar, she was loving it. The aroma was amazing; a heady blend of beer, perfume, tobacco, frying food, and without a doubt she could smell a hint of some grass being smoked nearby. The sound of a cat being strangled twinned with that of someone in great pain told Matt that the karaoke bar was close by. Like all the bars in the street it was open right across the front so you could see all the way back to the bar. Sue saw the distaste on his face and that made her smile all the more. In some strange way it was satisfying for a change, seeing him not so at ease. 
Where do you want to sit? she asked him.
The end of Southend pier sounds good to me. 
Cen moved a couple of locals off a table so they could see the stage, Great spot Cen, we shouldnt miss a thing, Sue was hamming it up. 
Matt answered, Wonderful, cant wait, then he smiled, one night only. 
Thats right as I recall, go anywhere and do anything. 
Agreed. Sue went to the bar and ordered a large cocktail, a beer for Cen and iced water for Matt. She did toy with the idea of slipping a large vodka in his drink then thought better of it. 
They had been there for over twenty minutes and heard some really rubbish singing. Sue explained to Matt that karaoke was not about being a good singer, in fact the worse the singing the better. Sue pointed out that theres an old English saying, It wasnt the winning that mattered but the taking part. Matt couldnt remember that one, but nodded anyway. Sue was on her third cocktail and was well into her merry mood, all her normal inhibitions had long gone, lost in her alcohol fuelled excitement. This in turn convinced her she could sing, so up she went to the DJ running the karaoke machine and put herself up for a song. 
Cen turned to Matt, She pretty girl. 
Pretty drunk, he replied. 
They both watched as she climbed onto the small stage with a microphone in her hand, the crowded bar cheered, probably because they rarely saw a western girl singing. Sue did two small curtsies then spoke into the mic, This song is for my special friend sitting over there dressed in the blue suit, she had that wicked smile on her face again. 
Matt returned her smile then the music started, she had chosen Tina Turners Simply the Best, and started to sing. 
Matt looked at Cen nodding, Not bad. Not good, but not bad either. Cen loved this sort of entertainment and clapped loudly. 
Sue was now right in to her Tina Turner mode, pouting and strutting around the stage, and each time after the chorus, Youre simply the best. Better than all the rest. Better than anyone. Anyone Ive ever met, she would point towards Matt. As the record went on Sue got more and more into her Tina Turner impression, stomping around the stage. Her act had turned very provocative, making the crowd shout for more. When the track ended Sue looked over and was happy to see Matt smiling and clapping, while Cen had two fingers in his mouth whistling as hard as he could. 
On her way back to the table she was stopped by a group of English men out for booze and birds, Great singing love, how about a kiss for your number one fan then? 
She tried to pass and found her path was blocked. Then another one of the group pinched her bum, which earned him a slap around the face. Sue looked over to Matt for some help. Cen went to rise but Matt held him back, instead he raised his glass and tipped it slightly forward and gave her a small smile. 
Come on love, plant one here on me lips, you know you wanna. 
She turned back just in time to stop him groping her breasts. 
This ones a fighter lads, he said to the table, and went for another grope. 
Sues right fist smashed into his mouth, and as he staggered back she stepped in low and left, planting her left fist under his ribs. He doubled over, winded. Sue brought her right knee up at the same time, pulling his head down onto it. There was a loud cracking sound as his nose broke and the upward force of Sues knee sent him flying back over the table, taking two of his friends with him. The bar fell silent for a moment, waiting to see what would happen. 
Sue addressed the rest of his table as she left, Well, he said he wanted me to plant one on his lips. 
They laughed, as did the rest of the bar as Sue sat down, Seems Im a hit, and all three laughed. 
Nicely done. 
I had a good teacher, Sue grinned. Whats the food like here, Cen? Sue inquired.
Not good, my cousin has place nearby, I can get something sent here. 
Great, ask him to bring a good selection, plus a big steak for Wolf. 
Okay, back soon, then he disappeared in to the crowded street. 
Matt caught the waiters eye and ordered another ice water, And you? 
Sue thought about another cocktail, but instead she ordered an ice water as well. Theres enough time for drinking later. 
It wasnt long before Cen returned with another Thai man, pushing what Sue thought was a converted butchers bike. This cousins best cook, he come and cook fresh for us, okay? They both nodded in agreement, Sue was fascinated by this little man and his bike. What Sue believed to be a wooden box turned out to be hiding a stove inside, and the lid was used as a work top. The little man was now busy chopping vegetables and meat. Cen had given Wolf his steak who was busy demolishing it, and as if by magic the cook produced a huge wok from nowhere. The wok sizzled away and the food was flying around it, being flipped in the air. The smell was mouth-watering. Sue hoped the food tasted as good as it smelled, and to her delight it did. The meal seemed to go on for hours. Just when she thought it was all over a small boy arrived with a cool box and they were given a delicious lemon sorbet ice cream to finish off the meal. 
That was fantastic, she said.
Kob khun krap, Matt thanked the chef in Thai, and the little cook beamed, showing all three of his teeth. 
Thatll take some beating, thats some of the best Thai food Ive ever had, Matt said. Cen agreed then said, Another song sound good idea, you sing again Miss Sue? 
No Cen, but Matt will, she said, pointing at Matt. 
No thanks, he snapped back.
Cen, do you remember what he said? 
Yes...go anywhere do anything, right that what you say, Matt? 
Cen got himself a stern stare from Matt.
Thats right Cen, Matts not the only one with a good memory around here. 
I said nothing about making a fool of myself and it was not meant to be used in that context. 
Welching are we?
No, what I meant was 
Youre welching, thats what youre doing, she looked upset, but in fact she was loving it. 
Trying to change the subject Matt asked, Anyone want a drink? 
As he got up to go to the bar Sue said, Ill have an iced welch, I mean water, oh, could you see if theyve got any back bones as well? 
Matt headed towards the bar as Sue called after him, Welcher! 
Yeah, you welcher, Matt, shouted Cen. 
Matt could still hear both of them chuckling as he made his way to the bar. 
What is welcher, Miss Sue? she decided Cens English was not good enough for her to explain properly, so she just said that it meant he was a liar. Sue was on a high and still laughing when Cen pointed towards the stage. She looked over and saw Matt standing there in front of the microphone stand with his tie loosened and his top button undone. The music started up. Sue knew the tune but she couldnt put her finger on it until he started to sing, then the words hit her like a steam train, she was not laughing now.
* * *
Walk away, please go...Before you throw your life away, a life that I could share for just a day... We should have met some years ago... For your sake Id say walk away just go... Walk away and live... A life thats full with no regrets... Dont look back at me just try to forget... Why build a dream that cannot come true? So be strong, reach the stars now, walk away, walk on... If I heard your voice, Id beg you to stay... So dont say a word, just run, run away... Hmm, goodbye my love... My tears will fall now that youre gone... I cant help but cry, but I must go on... Im sad that I, after searching so long, knew I loved you, but dont you walk away, walk on...walk on. 
The crowd in the bar clapped and cheered, Cen was standing, laughing and shouting. Only Sue was quiet, in fact she was crying. The words of the song seemed so very to the point, was he trying to tell her something, something he could not tell her to her face? Matt sat down.
You sing very good, ladies like it, said Cen, but before he could answer Sue butted in with a mixture of anger and sadness. 
Why that record, thats what I want to know, why? the answer was not what she had expected. 
It was my mothers favourite song and Matt Monro was her favourite singer, hence my name. I can remember back in 1964 she played it over and over, and we would sing it together, happy days. 
Oh, I thought that 
What? 
That...nothing. 
Matt smiled, Its just a song. 
Yeah I know, and you sang it very well, now she was smiling easily, Okay Cen, your turn, she said, and he didnt need any pushing. Cen almost ran to the stage, and two minutes later Bill Hayleys Rock around the Clock was being belted out. Cen got right into it, dancing like a man with a large apple rammed up his bum. Mix that with his poor English and the fact he was tone deaf, it was quite a shockingly awful performance. 
Now thats crap, Sue said as they both laughed at Cen up on the stage. 
When he came back he was breathing heavily, Me good singer and dancer.
Fantastic Cen, the best tortured cat Ive ever seen or heard, and Matt and Sue fell about laughing, Matts dry cockney wit was lost on Cen, who had no idea what they were laughing at. Sue went to get another cocktail and when she returned only Cen was sat at the table, Wheres Matt? he pointed to where Matt was chatting to three Thai girls. More of his friends? she asked while nursing her drink.
No, them good time girls. 
What? Do you mean theyre prostitutes?
Yes, good time girls. She shot out of her chair and almost ran to where they were and pulled one of the girls hands off Matts arm, Go away, go on at first the girls looked annoyed. You heard me, shoo, shoo, shoo, shoo, Sue flapped the back of her hand at them as they walked away giggling. 
As they left Matt pretended to look hurt, They were only being friendly. 
Is that so? Well they can be friendly in your time, not mine, and she escorted him back to their table. You can stop grinning now solider boy. Cen, take us somewhere else. As they left the three working girls called after them, and received her middle finger as a reply. All three of the girls started laughing, all in a days work for them. 
They stopped at two more bars on the way back, and by the time they entered the foyer Sue was feeling the effects of the drink. The instant coolness of the air conditioning hit her even harder, so she ordered a large pot of coffee and sat in the lounge to wait for it. Cen had left for the night and Matt had taken Wolf up to his room, when he returned he had removed his tie and jacket and sat next to her. Howre you feeling? he smiled warmly. She knew shed drunk more than she should have and was hoping the coffee would counter some of the effects from the alcohol. Matt finished his coffee and spoke to Sue, You look ready for bed.
Best offer Ive had for some time. 
I doubt that. 
Youre right, lets go, Sue headed for the lift then remembered he didnt use them. The walk up the three flights of stairs seemed to help her a little, and it also made her more determined to carry out her plan. It was going to be now or never. As they got to her room she opened the door and before he could say anything she said, Can I have a word with you? 
Sure, Matt followed her into her room and closed the door. He knew by her tone that whatever it was it was important to her and hed respect that, What can I do for you? he asked. 
Its about those Thai girls, you know, acting the way I did. 
Matt now smiled, I was only winding you up. 
You...you she said and went to play hit him, but instead she tumbled forward. Matt caught her and they both looked at each other, neither saying a word. Sue found herself completely immersed in his deep blue eyes. 
Do you know what the time is? she asked.
11.49pm 
That means its eleven minutes till the start of the new day. Eleven minutes to do anything I want, 
Sue started to undo his shirt buttons but Matt stopped her, I dont remember me being part of the deal. 
Sue stood on her tiptoes and gently kissed his lips. Matt stood motionless like a big bronzed statue. Sue kissed his ear, then his neck, and she could feel the strong pulse of his heart. Matt was still stood rigid, unsure of what to do next.
Matt, I want you. No, I need you...if you dont want me then you should go now. Matt did nothing. Sue smiled to herself, her plan was working and finally she would get what shed waited so long for. Sue slowly unzipped her dress and let it fall to the floor, then wriggled out of her panties. She stood in front of Matt completely naked apart from her new pink stilettos, looking into his eyes. Taking the lead she kissed him deeply, biting gently on his lower lip, showing her hunger for him. Matts body relaxed and his instincts took over, Sue felt it and wasted no time in undressing him. She had thought of this so many times, his strong, tanned chest against her skin, his great big arms crushing her to him, and now it was finally happening. They both fell onto the bed together. Sue could tell it had been a long time since he had let anyone this close to him, and he may have been a slow starter, but once his passion was unleashed there seemed to be no end to it. They made love for hours. Sue had no idea what the time was when they had finished, but the last thing she could remember was laying on the bed, both of them panting, glistening with sweat, her head laid on his broad chest listening to his heartbeat as it slowed back to a resting pace. 
* * *
When she woke Sue stretched her arm across the bed expecting to find Matt lying there, but she found nothing and for a moment started to panic before she remembered he liked to have an early morning run. Sue looked at the bed side clock, 9.17am. She decided to take a shower then go and find Matt. As she came out of the bathroom wrapped in a towel, he was sitting on the bed dressed in a light blue silk shirt, jeans, and sporting a new pair of trainers. Matt had washed and was looking fresh with Wolf sitting by his side.
Sleep well? 
Yes thanks, it was a long night. 
That it was. 
For some reason she felt a little sheepish and didnt know why. Sue dressed and packed quickly, suddenly wanting to leave the hotel as soon as she could, What time is Cen picking us up? 
Hes here now, theres no rush your flight isnt till 3pm. 
Id like to go now if its all the same to you. 
Matt took the bags and went to lobby where Cen was waiting. The ride to the airport was a quiet and sombre affair, no one wanting to say anything. It had now finally sunk in that this was probably going to be the last time she ever saw him. 
The car slowed as it neared the drop off point; Sue was desperately trying to think of a way of keeping in contact with Matt. Cen got out and opened the door then got her bag from the boot.
Matt stood by the car, Well here we are. 
So I see, her brain was still working overtime, still nothing. 
Well, bye then, she kissed his cheek, see you, Wolf. Sue headed towards the main doors and then it hit her as if shed walked into an invisible wall.
What if I need to err...confirm some of your story? it was weak, very weak and she knew it. Sues face was full of hope although she was expecting nothing. 
Uries at the Russian Embassy in London, he knows how to contact me. 
Thanks, she spun round and walked quickly to the main doors, not wanting Matt to see the huge grin on her face. She was sure her time with him had not been for nothing. Sue almost skipped to the check in desk, happier than shed been for a long time.

Chapter 19

The flight back to London Heathrow passed quickly. Sue couldnt remember ever feeling so good. 
When she got back to the magazine Sue got stuck into her work with extra vigour and focus. Her brother was the chief editor and noticed her renewed efforts. Giles Young was her only living relative; both their parents had been killed in a car crash some years earlier and he had been the only man she had ever trusted, until shed met Matt North. 
You look different, youre buzzing. 
It was a great holiday. 
Well it seems to have worked, done you the power of good. 
Yeah, it certainly did. 
Anyone I know? Giles walked away laughing. 
Sue had no idea how long she should wait before contacting Matt. Ten weeks should be about right, and she had a mountain of work to do. The best way to clear her desk was to put her head down and get on with it. 
* * *
Days turned into weeks, eight to be exact, where had the time gone? Sitting on her bed that night in her Betty Boop pyjamas, Sue looked at the three different pregnancy tests. She was wondering why shed even bothered, shed been told many years ago that she could never have children. It was a devastating blow then, but now after so much time shed just accepted it and got on with her life. Shed missed her last period and was two days late this month. Shed never ever missed one before, let alone two, and it bothered her. She used to joke that you could set your watch by her periods, but now what? You know youre not pregnant, she thought to herself, you cant be, so just prove yourself wrong. Her hand hovered over the tests, For god sake girl get a grip and get on with it. 
Thirty minutes later she was back sitting on her bed, waiting for the last of the three tests to finish, the result was the same as the other two; Positive. She was pregnant! Sue threw it on the bed with the others. She now stood in front of the mirror and studied herself from different angles. Nothing seemed out of place yet. Lifting her pyjama top up she spent some time just looking at her belly while speaking to herself in the mirror. 
Why am I not happy? I should be jumping from the rooftops and telling the world how wrong those doctors were. But another voice inside her whispered, You know why, girl. 
Sue gathered up all the tests and their wrappings and put them in a black sack along with an old paper weight. Both were destined for the bottom of the Thames tomorrow on her way to work. 
When shed questioned him once about why he had never had more children, Matt had told her that they would only become targets for revenge attacks by the same people who had killed his two sons, or be used as bait to lure him to his death. Sue wanted neither of these, but what to do? She decided to sleep on it and see if any ideas came to her. 
* * *
In the morning she laid in bed for some time thinking but nothing came to mind, except that she had to tell him, he had a right to know. What Matt would do when she told him was out of her hands, but shed cross that bridge when she came to it. Sue was unsure how he would take the news, would he be happy or tell her to have an abortion? Only time would tell. Urie was next on her agenda and after a short call to check he was at the Embassy she got a taxi to the corner of Bayswater Road and Kensington Place Gardens. Sue thought it best if she walked the last few hundred metres. She never saw the big grand buildings that flanked both sides of the street, she was totally focused on what shed say to Urie. She was so focused that she walked right past the Embassy and stood outside for a while, trying to assess how much to tell Urie. How long she stood there she had no idea, but it was long enough for her to decide to tell Urie everything, he should know it all. Entering the Embassy Sue waited in line with the others. When it was her turn she asked to see Urie Mickelov and sat down to wait. It seemed like an age before a young man came and introduced himself as Uries aide. He said, Urie is unable to see you and will not be able to see you for some time, he had a false sorry look on his face. 
Tell him its Sue Young and it concerns a mutual friend. 
It will not help Im afraid Miss Young, I can assure you. 
Please tell him Im here, I know he will be very angry if he finds out I came here and he was not informed. 
The aide left with an indifferent look on his face, knowing he would be sent back to tell her the same thing. In less than one minute he was back and asked her to follow him, he stopped outside a large wood panelled door and knocked. Sue heard Uries voice call to enter and the aide opened the door and shut it behind her, he didnt follow her in. Urie came from behind a big oak desk.
Sue, its good to see you, how are you keeping? in his hand he held a note and written on it was; 
Dont mention our friend, the walls have ears.
Im fine Urie, and yourself? 
As well as can be expected, can I interest you in a coffee? he was nodding for her to say yes, That would be wonderful, thank you. 
Ill tell you what, I know a very good little coffee shop not far from here, it does excellent coffee, better than the poor excuse they dish up here. 
Lead the way. 
They went through three security checks before leaving the Embassy and headed back towards Bayswater Road. Urie was engaging only in small talk; Sue knew he would let her know when it was okay to talk about Matt. Stopping at the kerb on the Bayswater Road Urie hailed a taxi, The Bean Store please driver. Even in the taxi he kept up the small talk until they reached the Bean Store. Urie spoke in Russian to the waiter and they were shown downstairs to a small room, there were six large brown leather arm chairs around two walnut coffee tables. The decor was all art deco, Sue liked art deco and found it quite relaxing.
Please take a seat, offered the waiter. As they were the only people in there she had the choice of them all. Both sat in silence as the waiter came in with two steaming cups of coffee. Urie sniffed his cup three times. 
Ah they make the best coffee ever here. So, what can I really do for you, Sue? he spoke in an old fatherly fashion and had the look to match, but Sue knew it also hid another person. 
I have to speak to Matt, its urgent. 
Thats not as easy as it seems. 
But he said 
Urie held up his hand to stop her, Not impossible, just not that easy. Give me your message and Ill pass it on when the time is right. 
I have to speak to him in person, he needs to know. 
Yes, yes, Im sure, but its dangerous, very dangerous for him, and possibly you as well. 
This is important, Urie. 
Sue, this has to be very important, I cannot express the point strongly enough. I will not put him in danger just for a few questions, never. 
Sue never took her eyes off Uries face, trying to find the right words. Urie lifted his cup and took a sip. 
Im pregnant. 
He spat the contents of his mouth back into the cup, Are you sure? 
Ive done three tests and all of them came back positive. I have to tell him myself, its only right. 
Urie thought for a moment then nodded in agreement, Who have you told about this? 
No one, youre the first. 
You must tell no one or you may both be in danger, do you keep a diary? 
Yes. 
Do not write it down anywhere either, there are still people out there who would love to get revenge. 
I sort of thought there might be, thats why I destroyed the tests. 
Good, you did well. Urie took a small cheap mobile phone from his pocket and gave it to Sue. 
Matt will contact you by text on this phone. You must destroy it as soon as you have received the message. Either burn it or throw it into a river, its a pay as you go and for one message its untraceable. Under no circumstances are you to keep it, is that clear?
Yes, clear as crystal. 
Right, lets go then. 
As they left the coffee shop Sue put the phone in the front pocket of her jeans, then took it out and placed it down the front of her panties, Lets see a pick pocket get that without me knowing, she thought. 
Outside they got separate taxis, Sue didnt notice that Uries taxi was following hers, he was making sure she was not being tailed. After ten minutes he was satisfied and ordered the driver to return to the Russian Embassy. Sue left her taxi and tried to remain as normal as possible, conscious that she maybe being followed. Her apartment was on the banks of the Thames, overlooking the river, it was so close she could almost touch it. Sue remembered once when shed had a party, one of her drunken guest had to be restrained from trying to dive into the river, the memory made her smile. Now she opened the doors ready to launch the phone over the balcony if the need arrived. Sue was now glad that the previous owner had been a Dutch diamond merchant and had extra locks fitted everywhere, so she knew she had more than enough time to get rid of the phone if required. She sat staring at the phone, willing it beep with a text message. Minutes turned to hours and she must have dozed off. Sue was suddenly woken by a loud banging on the door. Fearing the worst she grabbed the phone and was about to throw it out of the door when she heard her name being called out. Sue knew it was Giles, her brother. 
Sue open up, its me Giles. 
She was paralysed with fear, what to do? Throw the phone and let him in or just stay quiet? 
Ah come on its only me, your loving brother Giles. 
He was drunk and she knew he had keys to the apartment, as she had keys to his. Giles could open the door if she was not in, but now Sue had put on the two large dead bolts that could only be opened from the inside. She still had not moved when Giles banged on the door again. At the same time the phone buzzed to tell her a message had been delivered. Sue opened it quickly and read it.
Chalk Farm underground station 12:30pm in two days. Matt.
She smiled broadly, relieved at the message. Moving to the doors she launched the phone into the river and watched it arc and splash. 
Sue darling, please open up. 
Satisfied her secret was safe she went and opened the door. Giles fell in suddenly, hed been leaning on the door for support. He lay on the carpet grinning stupidly at her. 
Get in before I get into trouble, she was far too happy to be angry at him. She helped him onto her couch and went to make some coffee. 
I knew you were in, it was me who helped Lars sort out the locks. That cloggy was shit scared of being robbed.
I was on the loo, you didnt have to make so much noise. 
Sue returned with two mugs of coffee, only to find Giles snoring away on the couch. Sue left his coffee on the table and went to her bedroom and locked the door. The room was huge, it was almost the size of a small flat on its own. Shed redecorated the whole apartment after buying it from Lars Van Hooding, one of Giles friends. Everywhere except the bedroom as it had wall to wall light oak panelling. Shed like it so much, along with the fact that there was a secret panel that only she knew about in the wall. Lars had told her no one but he knew about it and she kept her most precious possessions there; her mothers jewellery, important papers and her personal diary. Finishing her coffee Sue took out her diary from the secret panel and added a new entry. 
Meeting Captain Matt North at Chalk farm 12.30pm in two days, cant wait to see him again.
She thought it only right to use his full title and name. Closing the diary she returned it to its hiding place. Sleep seemed to come slowly that night, or so she thought. 
* * *
Sue was jolted awake by her alarm and took a few minutes to fully awaken. She showered and had breakfast but Giles was still fast asleep so she left him and went to work. He was the boss of the magazine that she worked at and as the boss he could arrive whenever he liked. Sue headed for the lift then stopped, and like Matt she decided to take the stairs. On her way down she thought, okay, act normal, dont do anything different than usual and you dont want to draw attention to yourself. 
The day dragged on and on for Sue, but at last it was over and she couldnt wait to get home. As much as Sue loved her brother she hoped he had gone by the time she got home. Happily there was just a note to say thanks. 
After dinner Sue watched TV for a while before going to bed early, wanting the morning to come as soon as possible. Sue toyed with writing in her diary about her meeting Urie, then remembered his words and just wrote about her day, leaving out the meeting with Urie. In a way she felt like she was lying to her diary, but Urie had said no writing, and this was his world and she was sure he had her best interest in mind.
* * *
The next morning she kept to her normal routine until 11.30am, when she left her office and went to Holborn underground station and set off for Chalk Farm. Her idea was to get out at Belsize, one stop before, and walk the rest of the way. She didnt want to be seen hanging around outside the station in case it drew attention to her. Sue thought it better to wait till 12.25pm then stroll down to the station on the opposite side of the entrance, hoping to catch his eye then go back down to the train platform, as for the rest she didnt know. 
Sue arrived at Belsize at 12.17pm, later than she had wanted, so hailing a taxi and telling the driver she was late to meet a friend, she got out about one hundred metres uphill from the station. She checked her watch again, it was 12.27pm .Sue set off down the hill trying to control her excitement and failing badly. The walk down seemed normal, but something was tugging at the back of her mind trying to tell her something wasnt right. She put it down to being over excited. 
Outside the station there was a gas repair van with four men around a manhole and another van with two men changing the posters in the bus stop. Thirty metres from the station Sue saw two men talking, the one with his back to her seemed familiar and as she approached closer she now knew who it was. What was he doing here at this place and at this precise time? 
Giles, what on earth are you doing here and who is this? 
Sue was pointing at the other man, but before Giles could answer the other man spoke, Mike Featherstone, MI5 special operations, Miss Young I presume, pleasure to meet you. 
Sue was stunned into silence, complete surprise written all over her face. 
Three hours earlier in the Russian Embassy Urie was in a high profile meeting in his office when the door burst open and his wife Antonina stormed in holding a sheet of paper in her hand. 
Im sorry Urie but this is very important and must be dealt with right now. 
Antonina, cant you see that Im having an important meeting? 
NOW, Urie now, the tone of her voice and the urgency in her manner told him it must be very urgent, he knew she would not disturb one of his meetings otherwise. 
Gentlemen, Im sorry but I must postpone this meeting until later, as you can see I have a matter that needs my most urgent attention. We will reconvene later. 
The six men exited the room, and neither Urie nor Antonina spoke until the room was empty. He had the room debugged the day after Sue had visited and for now it was safe to talk. 
Antonina what on earth are 
She stopped him in mid-sentence, This has just come in, she passed him the paper and it took him only a moment to read it. 
How did Featherstone find out? 
I dont know, but Matts walking into a trap.
I have to do something and fast. 
No, we have to do something, and I have a plan outlined. 
No, Antonina, its too dangerous, Ill do this alone. 
Antonina slammed both her hands down hard onto his desk, making all the items jump in the air. 
Damn you Urie, she was my daughter as well. 
He could see the hurt on her face and the tears welling up in her eyes. 
Youre right Antonina, whats your plan? but before she could answer the door opened and Uries aide came in.
Is everything alright? 
In unison they both shouted, OUT and the aide scurried back out of the room. 
Antonina pulled around the computer screen and opened Google Earth, she typed in Chalk Farm Station. It took moments to load and she panned around until she saw the Camden Lock Hotel.
We get into that room, it covers the whole of the front of the station entrance. Ill take that old British LMG and we can put down some suppressing fire, it may give him time to get away. One magazine is all well have time for. 
One magazine wont do much. Im putting these five rounds in first, they should give us a good show, and from her pocket she produced five exploding rounds. Antonina had been saving them for Drogski, and now they may help the man who had given them him. Urie looked over his glasses at her, then at the rounds in her hand. 
Theyre outlawed by the Geneva Convention, are they not?
Who cares? he smiled, not me. She smiled back even more so. Since hed returned from Thailand hed been back to the man shed married all those years ago, and if they were both to lose everything then its a price they would be happy to pay. Two minutes in the armoury was enough time for Antonina to have stripped down the LMG and pack it away along with a thirty two round magazine, including the five exploding rounds at the front. It took only ten minutes to dress in their black riding leathers and leave the Embassy on one of the pool bikes, heading down the Bayswater Road and onto Primrose Hill. 
A short time later Urie stopped the bike in Crogsland Road, fifty metres away from the hotel entrance and they proceeded on foot. Entering the lobby they found it empty except for the receptionist at the desk. Urie suddenly produced a gun and spoke in a perfect Irish accent. 
Speak and youre dead, get me the key for the top and take us there, the receptionist was frozen to the spot, NOW! said Urie. With the key in hand and being pushed along by Antonina, all three entered the room. Antonina took the receptionist to the bathroom, bound her with duct tape and used plastic cable ties to secure her to the radiator. She now turned the shower and basin taps on to cover their noise. Urie had moved the table to a good firing position about two metres back from the window and on top hed placed a plastic sheet covering the floor as well to catch evidence that they might miss and leave behind. 
Antonina set about assembling the LMG while Urie cut a six inch round hole in the window. 
Will six inches be enough? he asked. 
Youll only get that if you fold it in half, and they both laughed. 
Antonina snapped on the optical sights and scanned the front of the station entrance. She scanned the whole area, nothing yet, then she moved the cross hairs along the road back down to the traffic lights and judged the distance to the station to be 150 metres, at that range Antonina could write her name on the wall, such were her shooting skills. Antonina went and checked on their hostage, when she returned Urie was using another scope to scan the street ahead. 
Right hand side pursuit car, BMW M3, driver hanging around by the corner. Two men fixing zebra crossing light, the gas men and the poster men, all MI5 agents and there are three snipers on the roof opposite. 
Therere four snipers and the old bag lady is their prime look out, Urie knew better than to question her judgement. 
Any sign of Sue yet, moy sladkiy? 
Lets keep this in English, his smile broadened, any sign of Sue yet, my sweet?
No, but I dont think well have long to wait. 
Their cover is rubbish, Matt will spot them long before they can do anything. 
No, hell be in their sights as he has to exit the station entrance first. 
Urie shrugged his shoulders, I knew that, just testing you. 
Really? Let me use one of your much loved American sayings to reply; Bulllllllshiiiiiit, but before he could even laugh at her joke she stopped him.
Sue, fifty metres and closing on the opposite side of the road. 
Now both were in full professional mode, no more joking now. From behind the gas van came two men Urie knew, one was Commander Mike Featherstone, MI5, but as for the other he had no idea, but by Sues reaction it seemed like she did. 
Sue got over her surprise very quickly, I asked you what you are doing here, Giles? 
Featherstone again answered first, The same reason youre here Miss Young, we are waiting for Matt North. Sue didnt reply and never took her eyes from him, he reminded her of a fox; cunning, crafty and not be trusted. The man had, as her late father, would have said, a crocodile smile. He was dressed in a cheap suit, scruffy shoes and a badly fastened tie, and as for his face - not a pretty sight. He had a long thin nose underlined with a silly little moustache. Knob was the word that sprang to mind, she thought. His hair was jet black as were his bushy eyebrows, and he seemed to have an abundance of ear and nose hair. 
A mans head appeared the vans side door and he spoke excitedly, Hes here boss. Sue went to rush forward to warn Matt, but Giles grabbed her from behind and clamped his hand over her mouth at the same time, pulling her back behind the van. Sue struggled but Giles grip was too strong.
Featherstone spoke into his radio, No one moves or opens fire until I give the order. From where Giles was holding Sue they could both see a small monitor showing a picture of the stations ticket turnstiles. Then Matt appeared on the screen and walked past, out of view for a moment. He stopped about twenty feet inside the main entrance and slowly panned the area. Panic had now set in, Sue was distraught and struggled even more. Giles tried to get a better grip on Sue but in the ensuing struggle Giles forefinger found its way it into Sues mouth and she bit down as hard as she could. Giles momentarily let go of her because of the pain and Sue dashed forward. Giles just managed to get a grip of her coat, but not enough to stop her, and rounding the van she screamed.
ITS A TRAP, ITS A TRAP! 
* * *
In a flash Featherstone appeared from behind the other van with a small megaphone in his hand, Stay where you are North, youre completely but he never got to finish his sentence. Antonina sent her first burst into the back of the pursuit car, the rounds exploded inside the petrol tank sending the rear end of the M3 eight foot into the air. Just the effect she was hoping for, and now she laid down a wall of white hot lead covering the entrance, not to kill anyone, just to keep them out of the main entrance. The blast wave knocked Giles and Sue to the ground and she broke free, rounding the van Sue charged heedlessly into the street completely oblivious of the rounds which were sending lumps of red masonry all around her. Antonina just had time to check her fire to avoid Sue and sent the last long burst behind her. 
Matt had turned back into the station as soon as the car had exploded, rounding the forty five degree corner on the right and put his hand on the iron railing, vaulting over them onto the half landing. He headed down the short flight of stairs to the fifty three steps of the spiral staircase that led to the platforms and took them three at a time. Sue rushed into the station just in time to see him disappear over the railings, she screamed after him, I DIDNT KNOW, but she was brutally shoved aside and fell to the floor next to the green tiled wall. Looking up she saw three young men all carrying pistols vault the railings one after the other in pursuit of Matt. Now on all fours and with tears streaming down her face, she kept repeating over and over, I didnt know, I didnt know. 
Moments later came a sound that froze the very marrow in her bones. Two gun shots came from somewhere deep in the belly of the station along with the sound of screaming people. Sue sat back on her haunches staring at the large puddle of water her tears had made, and slowly, very slowly looked around. Her gaze went from the ticket office to the turnstiles and then up to the large Victorian hanging clock. 
What have I done? Oh god, what have I done? Ive killed him, she said quietly to no one. Slowly her tears stopped and her face hardened. Giles, why had he betrayed her, and how did he know about the meeting? Right now she didnt know, but she was going to find out even if she had to beat it out of him. Sue got up and walked towards the two vans, her eyes focused on Giles like a hunting eagle. He was talking to Featherstone as Sue closed in. So intent was she on getting to Giles that Sue only barely noticed the two men to her left also heading in the same direction. Sue grabbed Giles lapels with both hands and swung him around. 
WHY? Why did you betray me? Tell me why? Sue had no idea she was now shouting. Giles took two attempts before he broke free of her grip, shoving her away with his face flushed red with anger and embarrassment after hearing one of the MI5 agents sniggering behind him. 
Betrayed my arse, this is a top story and Ive agreed sole rights to it with Featherstone, snapped Giles. 
Sue snapped back at him, How did you know? I never told you or anyone. 
Watch out mate, she looks really angry, sniggered another agent. 
Giles flushed even redder with embarrassment. His pride now in danger of being shot down he had to retaliate, This is how, and he waved her diary in front of her face, Who do you think Lars asked to help him secure his apartment? he said, smugly. 
Thats my private diary and not for anyone else to read. 
Well you should have put it in a safer place, he grinned. She was his little sister and had no right to talk to him like that and he was not going to stand for it. Sue tried to grab her diary back but Giles smiled and held it out of reach like a school yard bully with his victims rucksack. 
Give it to me you arsehole, she spat the words at him. 
Arsehole? Why dont you stop behaving like a lovesick school girl and grow up. 
They both now glared at each other. Giles smile got bigger when he heard an agent say, Thatll show her whos boss.
A good reporter is always very observant, but Giles was too busy wallowing in the credits and perceived victory to notice. If he had he would have seen her hands tighten in to fists. Her knuckles were white as she slipped out of her coat and let it fall to the ground. 
Nice one, mate came another voice. Giles turned to thank the speaker and when he turned back to face her his brain barely had time to register. Sues right fist it hit him square on the nose. Giles staggered back and Sue stepped in low and left, her left fist crashed into his body just under the rib cage, his lungs were emptied of air as he doubled up, and in the same moment Sue grasped his hair and pulled his head down as hard and as fast as she could, while at the same time bringing up her right knee. Her oncoming knee met his face with a bone breaking crack. Giles flew up and hit the front of the gas van and he slid down into a sitting position. Blood gushed from his nose, down his face and onto his chest. Sue bent down and took her diary.
Only a greedy bastard gets up for another one of those said one of the agents, and the rest of them laughed as he sat defeated against the van. 
Sue spun round facing them, Shut it. 
The agents did as they were told and there was complete silence.
Ah the N move. 
Sue spun round ready to strike out if she had to, but instead facing her was a very dapper, grandfatherly old man. 
Wilson, Charles Wilson. Its a pleasure to meet you, he held out his hand and waited. 
Sue was taken aback by his warm tone and manner, Err, Sue Young and she lightly shook his hand. What was it that you said? 
Oh, the N move, its named after Captain North. You must have been a good student. 
She didnt reply straight away as she looked the man over. Wilson was about her height and she guessed in his mid-sixties, slim built with oiled back sliver grey hair. He was wearing a tan overcoat with a black velvet collar, a dark blue suit, white silk shirt, neatly fastened red tie, and a pair of highly polished handmade shoes. The gold tie pin matched his cufflinks. Class and style, he oozed it. She loved designer clothes and had many of her own, so she knew quality when she saw it. 
How would you rate that N move, John? asked Wilson. 
Executed like a pro, Sir. 
My thoughts exactly. 
Sue glanced from Wilson to John. John was obviously ex Special Forces and at 5ft11 not a tall man, but broad, very broad. He seemed almost as wide as he was tall. His hair was greying blonde, cropped back tight to his head, with his small hard eyes, thin lips, stubby nose and no neck, which made his head look as if it had been stuck onto his massive shoulders. Johns head was made to look even bigger by the peaked chauffeurs hat perched on the top of his head. He was dressed in a light grey suit that had to be handmade as there were no shops that would sell an off the shelf to fit him. An English bull terrier, thats what John reminded Sue of, and there was no doubt that he was a very capable man, as hard as they come. 
Wilson, what are you doing here? said Featherstone. 
Its General Wilson to you Featherstone, and youd do well to remember that. 
Both men stared at each other. Featherstone hated toffs, stuck up bastards born with a silver spoon in their mouths. They had everything and never had to work for it, unlike himself whod had to work hard to get where he was now, and of all the toffs he knew he hated Charles Wilson the most. Sue could tell that the men shared some tense history, you could cut the atmosphere with a knife. 
Wilson turned away from Featherstone and spoke to Sue, Why dont we take a walk down to the Salvation Army Caf at the bottom of the hill and have a chat? Its run by an old acquaintance of mine Scouse Jimmy, and he makes the most exquisite bacon sandwiches ever, he took her arm to guide her away when Featherstone moved to stop them. There was a flash of grey and John was between them with Featherstones wrist tightly held in his grip, and he kept moving forward forcing Featherstone back. 
Get him off me, he growled. 
Wilson waited a few seconds before speaking, Let him go please, John, John did as he was ordered. Come Sue, lets go. They turned and walked down the hill towards the caf. John didnt moved until Wilson and Sue were six paces away, then followed them. 
Dont you leave without telling me, I want some statements from you two, Featherstone called after them.
Without looking back Wilson replied, We both know thats not going to happen. 
It was a short walk to the caf, they crossed at the lights and slipped through a grey painted wrought iron gate that John held open. Inside were three tramps.
Ah Jimmy, how are you? 
Fine Sir, the usual. 
Jimmy, wed like a quiet chat if thats possible? 
Yes Sir, hey you three, come over here, and from under the counter Jimmy produced three four packs of special brews, putting each in its own carrier bag. 
Okay lads, takes these and go for a walk. 
All three nodded, grasping their bags to their chests grinning as they left. 
How do you take your tea, Miss? 
White, no sugar thanks. 
* * *
Jimmy was a pot-bellied man with thinning grey hair and a round jovial face, just how a scouse should look, Sue thought. Wilson made small talk while they waited for the tea to arrive. Sue watched as Jimmy came out with a budgie cage just like her Nan used to have, right down to the round plastic mirror and the flowery elastic seed catcher. John was sitting at the table nearest the door and Jimmy put the cage down on Johns table and sat next to him. 
Can you look at Mildred for me John? Shes not herself. 
Sue looked on in complete disbelief as Johns cold hard face broke into a small smile and he opened the cage door and spoke so softly to the bird, Mildreds a strange name for a male bird, Jimmy. 
John shook his head and gently took the budgie from the cage and carried out an examination on it. Wilson watched Sues face, her look of amazement amused him. 
Hes a world renowned expert on budgies and hand guns. I know its strange, theyre worlds apart. 
Sue half smiled, I can believe with the hand guns, but budgies? Wonders never cease. 
You should let him free fly now and then he just needs some excises, Jimmy. 
Jimmy returned the cage to its stand, Youre the expert. 
Sue looked out of the window gazing at nothing; the realisation of Matts death was creeping into her brain when she saw two of the agents who had chased Matt into the station. Wilson followed her gaze, his face hardened a little.
John, wed like some privacy please. 
Yes, Sir. John rose and waited outside the door, blocking the way in like a carved, grey granite sentinel. From the corner of her eye Sue watched as Jimmy put something dark and metallic on the counter and covered it with a dish cloth, Sue knew exactly what it was, the jovial joking scouse was gone, replaced with a cold hard ex SAS man. Sue wondered what makes people like Jimmy and John risk their lives for her and Matt. The two agents came through the gate and faced John. 
Stand aside, said the taller of the two.
Cafs closed. 
The other agent flashed his ID, You heard him, move. 
John didnt answer, and nor did he move, then the smaller of the agents opened his jacket enough to show his pistol in its holster. 
Do you know what this is, pal? 
John looked blankly at them, Its a butt plug. 
Butt plug? scoffed the agent looking at his mate. John held both their stares at the same time before answering.
As a rule I never give advice, but Ill make an exception for you two desk commandos. Go back to the armourer and get him to file off the front sight, then smooth out the barrel and cover it with grease. Now, this wont help you draw any faster, or shoot straighter, but it will help the surgeon to remove it from your arse after Ive jammed it up there. Do I make myself clear? Now, piss off, John came down from the step and both men backed up, their bluff had failed miserably, and neither wanted to tangle with John Bartholomew Kennedy, his fearsome reputation as a fighter was well known in most all of the services. Even in his late fifties he was still a formidable opponent. The two men went back up the hill and John stayed by the door watching them go, only returning to the others when they were far away. Sue watched the two agents leave then looked over at Jimmy. The menacing look and the gun had vanished, and the old Jimmy was back.
John came in and sat at his table while Jimmy went to the kitchen and returned with their bacon sandwiches.
There we go, Sir, and heres yours, Miss. You can wrap your laughing gear around this.
Sue smiled weakly, now the agents had gone the full force of what had happen finally hit home. She had killed him, not Giles. 
Eat it while its hot, said Wilson. 
Sue lifted the bread and looked at the bacon, I wish it was bacon burger. 
Wilson chuckled, Yes, he is partial to them. 
Was, not is. 
And why would you use the past tense, Sue? 
Because hes dead and its my fault. Sue felt the tears starting to run down her face. Wilson handed her his handkerchief embroidered with CW in the corner. 
What makes you think that? he spoke in calm and measured tones. 
I heard the two shots from down in the station, Sues voice was distinctly distressed now. 
Ah those shots, John did you hear them? 
Yes, Sir. 
And could you identify the weapon they came from? 
Browning 9mm semi-automatic, modified, Sir.
And the MI5 agents assigned weapons? 
Smith & Wesson .357 model M & P 357, Sir. 
Thank you John. As I said Sue, he is an expert in these matters. Like a wine expert can tell where a wine comes from down to the vineyard, John can tell what a weapon is by its report. 
So youre saying hes not dead? Sue looked at him like a drowning person would look at a floating log. 
Not unless he shot himself, and thats highly unlikely. 
Her hopes were dashed as she remembered Featherstone saying that as soon as the power was off, he would send in the two twenty man armed teams, one from Chalk Farm and the other from Belsize. 
Theyre going to send in two heavily armed teams, one from each end. Hell be caught in the middle and slaughtered, her voice cracked as the tears pricked her eyes again. 
Maybe, Wilson pondered, Jimmy, youve known Captain North longer than anyone here. Have you ever known him to pick a meeting point without having first planed an exit route? 
No Sir, at least one, normally more. 
Thanks, Jimmy. Now, if my memory serves me right Sue, some thirteen years ago we commissioned him to do a study of all the underground stations, sewers and tunnels to see if there was a possibility for men to be able to move around London undetected. 
Why? 
You see we knew that the threat from Islamic extremists was becoming stronger, and we couldnt have any would-be terrorists running around London that we didnt know about, now could we? Sues tears had slowed to a trickle. 
John, can you remember his reports conclusion?
Sir, in brief, a man or men could move across London using the underground, sewers, air vents and access tunnels. Some of these are over a hundred years old and they would need access to the maps and plans he had. In short, possible but highly unlikely, and it was fourteen years ago, Sir. 
Thank you John, the old grey matter starts to fail one as one gets older. 
Sues expression stayed the same and the tears still flowed, slowly the cogs turned in her head and began to engage, forming a positive thought. Hope was now creeping across her face as the thoughts gelled. Wilson saw this and commented, A man can forget so much in that amount of time. 
Sue now looked up, the thoughts had become solid.
Matt has a one hundred percent photographic memory. He could tell you what colour socks you were wearing when you first met, couldnt he? 
Yes, I believe he could, smiled Wilson. 
The feeling of complete relief washed over her and she now thought, hes alive I know it. Wilson watched her face change from despair to delight, gone were the tears and sad face, replaced by a huge smile. You should eat your sandwich its getting cold, Sue was just about to take a bite when Wilson spoke, dont forget youre eating for two now, Sue froze, dont worry, your secret is safe with me. 
How did you know? 
Urie and I have many secrets, but when it comes to Captain North we tend to share them, eat up now. Sue devoured the first half of the sandwich, then a disgusting smell came across the room. 
Burnt bacon and melted gorgonzola cheese, said Wilson. 
Really? she replied. 
And thats not the worst Ive seen him eat, the mans got an iron stomach. 
Oh, I think I would. 
Two more teas please, Jimmy. 
Yes Sir, coming right up. 
Shouldnt we be going back? 
Not yet, well let Featherstone stew for a while longer, he smiled at her like her own grandfather used to do. 
Jimmy, is your wife still Cliff Richards number one fan? 
Yes Sir, get this, her last crazy idea was for me to take vocal lessons to try and talk like him. Me, a scouser. Now Jimmy Tarbuck, no problem, and maybe even Cilla Black at a push, but Cliff Richard? No chance. 
Wilson reached inside his coat and removed two golden envelopes, Well hes having a birthday bash at his house, I and my good wife are invited but sadly we cannot go, so I took the liberty of putting yourself and your wife forward in our place, and he handed Jimmy the tickets. Jimmy just looked at them at first, then burst into laughter and started dancing around like hed won the lottery. In his excitement Jimmy dropped back into his native scouse accent, speaking so rapidly that Sue couldnt understand him. 
See these John, see em, do you know what they are? 
Tickets to a Richards do? 
No, well, yes and no. Theyre tickets to unlimited sex. When I give em to Linda, shell do whatever I want, he was laughing wildly and it soon became quite contagious, making all three laugh with him. 
Unlimited sex John, blow jobs on demand, what do you say to that John? Aye? 
Looks like youre in for some serious knob sores, and both men erupted with laughter. Sue didnt think John was capable of such a joy. It took Jimmy some minutes to calm down. 
Oh sorry about the language, Miss. 
No problem Jimmy, Ive heard worse. 
I take it you approve then Jimmy said Wilson.
Yes, Sir. 
Good man, time we were off John, the smile left his face in an instant and the sentinel was back. 
Thank you Jimmy, until the next time. 
No thank you, Sir, bye Miss. 
John held the gate open then followed behind.
Best we keep our conversation to ourselves for now. 
Agreed. 
Any news, Featherstone? asked Wilson.
No, but well have him soon. Therere only two ways out and Ive got them covered. 
Wilson nodded, Well well leave you to it then. Can I offer you a lift home, Miss Young? 
Yes, thank you. 
Shes staying here. 
I dont think so. 
Featherstone looked at John and stayed where he was. 
Good hunting, was Wilsons parting shot. 
Charles Wilsons car was a Bentley Continental and it had a glass divider for privacy. Sue sat in the back with Wilson and John closed the door, Where can we drop you Sue? 
Tower Bridge will do fine. 
He pressed the intercom button, Tower Bridge please John. Oh, and call Angus and ask him to meet us there. 
Sir.
Sue put her head back and closed her eyes, the feeling of complete happiness was still with her and she wanted it to stay for as long as possible. She wasnt sure if shed dropped off because the next sound she heard was Johns voice over the intercom, Tower Bridge approaching, Sir.
Thank you, John. 
John pulled the Bentley into the kerb just after the lights at the start of the bridge and stopped; Sue said her goodbyes and started to walk towards the centre of the bridge. 
Home, Sir? 
No John, lets wait a while.
As Sue approached the part of the bridge that went over the river, she felt a vibrating coming from her right pocket. Reaching in, Sue withdrew a mobile phone, but it wasnt hers. It was showing an incoming message so she pressed the read button. She didnt stop walking as she waited for the text to load up and it read. 
I know you didnt know. Take a flight to Delhi in ten days and you will be met and given directions.
Now, throw the phone over the bridge before the two MI5 agents get a hold of it. Speak soon, Matt.
It was then she heard the sound of running feet approaching, two men were sprinting towards her. It was the same two whod come to the cafe earlier. Sues right hand shot out and the phone flew over the side. The two agents watched it arc its way to the river and then turned their attention back to Sue, only to find her grinning with her right middle finger raised, both men forced her back against the rails. 
What was the text message on that phone? said the smaller of the two. 
What phone? 
He pointed his finger at her face, Dont get funny with me girl, youve no idea who youre dealing with. 
Wilson watched from the car John, would you mind? 
Sir. 
Sue saw John approaching, the two agents didnt, Youre in so much trouble, girl. 
Not as much as you are, she smiled. 
Before either could reply John spoke, I thought Id told you two before, both men swung around to face him, then they spun back around again as Angus spoke in his deep heavy Glasgow accent. 
John. 
Angus. 
Are these the two desk commandos you were telling me about? 
Correct. 
Angus McCloud was a huge, heavy set man with a wild ginger beard, a bald head that had just a small round patch of hair at the front, and eyebrows to match his beard, and every one of his teeth had a gap between them. It was his eyes that were the worst, bright green with extra-large black pupils. At 6ft9 and weighing twenty two stone, he was huge. With the sun behind him he now cast a shadow over the three men. Sue thought he was probably the most frightening man shed met to date. 
Youd best go now, Miss, said John. 
Sue walked away and Angus moved in to fill the gap, Piss off, sweaty, said the smaller one, a popular cockney rhyming slang for a Scotsman, and one Angus took great offence to. SWEATY did yer say? 
Thats right sweaty, you heard, Angus was becoming quite loud now and that was dangerous for the two MI5 men. John, did he just call me sweaty? 
Correct, Angus, John knew something the two agents didnt, they had just stepped on a landmine with that comment and whatever way they tried to step off it there was going to be a lot of pain. The agents produced there ID cards, See these? They mean you, old man, and you sweaty, are in deep shit, Angus slapped the ID cards out of their hands, both men instinctively went for their guns. In a fraction of a second they were disarmed and watched as the two guns flew over the rail, arcing towards the water. 
Thats government property pal, youre both for it when Commander Featherstone finds out. 
Did yer hear that, John? Theyre Featherstones men. That is bad. 
Too right, sweaty. 
Correct me if Im wrong John, but arent Featherstones men highly trained in small arms, unarmed combat and they have to be as fit as a fiddle? Oh, and dont they have to take a stringent swimming test? 
I believe youre right Angus. 
Suddenly, without a word being said between them, John and Angus took the same action at the same time, like a pair of synchronised swimmers they hoisted the two agents up and over the rail. They followed the same route as their guns had. Angus leaned over the rail and bellowed after the screaming men, Dont forget to write and address it to MR SWEEEATY, but it was doubtful that the agents heard him through their screams.
John and Angus watched as the men hit the water before turning towards the Bentley The Boss wants a word like, Angus. He stopped at the rear window and Wilson lowered it, Is everything arranged, Angus? 
Yes Sir, all sorted.
Good, can we give you a lift? 
Thanks Sir, is it ok if I sit up front with John? 
Be my guest. 
As Matt reached the top of the spiral stair case he heard Sues voice echoing behind him, I didnt know! I know, he thought as he took the stairs three at a time, his keen hearing had told him there were three men in pursuit and closing. This was why hed chosen Chalk Farm, the spiral staircase meant that they could never get a straight shoot at him unless they were right behind him, and they werent. At the bottom he turned right, then a short run and right again, down twenty more steps taking them in full flight straight into the oncoming crowd of passengers. Ploughing down the middle of them, Matt was now being slowed some and they cursed and shouted. Matt now drew his Browning pistol and fired two shots into the ceiling; this sent the passengers screaming up the stairs for the exit and straight into the pursuing trio. Matt got onto the platform and sprinted to the far end then jumped down onto the tracks, taking care not to touch the live track, and was swallowed up by the darkness of the tunnel. His arms and legs were pumping like the pistons of a steam engine. Ahead he saw the lights of the oncoming train. The race was on, sanctuary or smashed to pulp, eighty metres and closing fast, he wasnt there yet. Matt drew both pistols, sixty metres, eyes focused on the target. 
Forty metres, he fired both pistols into the wall of the tunnel. 
Thirty metres, he fired again.
Twenty metres, he could make out the drivers face.
Ten metres, he pushed harder, one last effort.
Five metres, he threw himself at the wall. 
Matt flashed past the train, only just missing it and crashed into the wall, only it wasnt a wall, but an old door and the locks had been shot to pieces. Matt crashed through the door and landed in a cloud of dust and splinters, smashing an old chair as he tried to stop. He rolled twice, then he was back up on his feet. He took a moment to allow his eyes to adjust. Once his eyes were adjusted he walked over to another old door and kicked it open. Taking a small LED light he set off down the deserted tunnel, leaving only a couple of rats to watch him disappear into the blackness.
