SECRETS

By

Carole McEntee-Taylor

 Carole McEntee-Taylor 2013



Smashwords Edition

Contents

1 Loves Reach
2 Shingle Street
3 Pandoras Box
4 Gone But Not Forgotten
5 The Mountain
6 The Oak Tree


LOVES REACH

1
The snow lay deep on the ground, the full moon reflecting its stark whiteness and lighting up the fields with an eerie glow. Maggie hurried through the frozen lanes, her feet already wet through and her shawl pulled tightly round her. She wished she had put on her coat now, threadbare as it was. It would have at least provided some protection against the cold. But there hadnt been time. The sudden urgency which she had felt could not be ignored. She knew she had to get to the church immediately. Alfs life depended on it. She never understood where these feelings came from. She just knew that she had to obey them otherwise something dreadful would happen.
She could feel the baby kicking as she walked and she patted her stomach gently. Shhh little one. Go back to sleep. Its not time yet. She crooned softly. The baby was almost due now, she only hoped he would hold on until she had done what she was meant to do. She was convinced it was a son and had told Alf in her last letter that the baby was a boy.
Thinking about Alf encouraged her to walk faster. She couldnt run because of the baby, but she was walking as quickly as she could. Her breath began to come in short bursts as she quickened her step. It floated in clouds of mist which seemed to hover in the air before vanishing into nothingness and, despite her exertion, she shivered. Ahead she could just make out the old church. Its solid stone walls stood out proudly against the white of the snow and she began to relax slightly. She was almost there. She made one last effort and then she was standing in the porch with the heavy oak door in front of her. She pushed hard against it and it creaked as it swung slowly open.
The church was empty, a row of candles burning brightly by the altar the only light. The flickering flames threw strange shadows off the walls and the pews, but Maggie didnt notice. It was chilly inside, but no colder than outside and, having reached her goal, Maggie no longer noticed the temperature either. She hurried up to the front of the church and knelt down in one of the pews. Her breathing slowed and she began to concentrate her thoughts. Within seconds she had focused on Alf and she could see him quite clearly. He was standing in thick frozen mud, his trench coat covered in icicles. His rifle was by his side and he looked cold and miserable. As she watched he pulled out his knife and began to cut the bottom of his coat off. She had no time to wonder why as, to her horror, a man in German uniform appeared at the top of the trench. He began climbing over the edge, his bayonet raised and he was heading straight towards Alf.
Maggie only just prevented herself from screaming in terror. Instead she concentrated her energy and began calling out loudly Behind you Alf! Alf behind you! Look behind you!

2

Im going to join up Alfs face was lit up with a fervour Maggie had never seen before.
She shook her head and wondered how on earth she could stop him. War had been declared a few days earlier and young men everywhere were rushing to join up in case they missed the fun, especially as the war was expected to be over by Christmas.
But what about me? Weve only just got married her plea sounded lame even to her.
Ill be home before you know it. You wouldnt want me to miss out on such a great adventure would you?
Maggie shook her head, not sure what else she could say other than to beg.
Come on Mags, be happy for me. Itll be over by Christmas. Ill be home before you know it.

3

War was not everything Alf expected it to be. In fact it was nothing like hed imagined. Hed arrived in Flanders just in time to see the remnants of the BEF returning from Mons. He had been shocked by what was left of the British Army. Their uniforms were in tatters, most were little more than skin and bone and any equipment they had was damaged or incomplete. For the first time he wondered whether his decision to join up was a wise one after all.
The first couple of months werent too bad as they had the Germans on the run but by Christmas both sides were firmly entrenched in the mud. For the next three years nothing had really changed. It was proving impossible to dislodge the Germans and every attempt resulted in horrific numbers of dead and wounded. He had not seen Maggie for the next two years and when he had gone home he was sure that the people had no idea of the numbers being killed.

4

What on earths the matter Alf? Maggie looked at him in concern. She had been shocked at his appearance, he was very thin and pale, his eyes looked haunted and she was sure he had a slight twitch. Even more disturbing he kept jumping at the slightest noise.
Nothing, Im perfectly alright he replied sharply
Maggie was about to ask more, but she sensed he would not want to talk about it so she kept her concerns to herself.
Is this all there is to eat? he asked looking at the tiny piece of fish, grayish coloured potatoes and vegetables on his plate?
Theres virtually no meat in the shops and what is available is really expensive Maggie replied more sharply than shed intended. She had not been expecting him otherwise she would have saved something from her own paltry amount to add to his own.
To her astonishment he had arrived home that morning. Shed had no warning. He was still wearing his uniform which was filthy and covered in mud, grease and what looked like dried blood. He had swung her up in the air, reminding her briefly of how he had been before he went to war. But when he put her down she immediately noticed the difference in him. Since then conversation had been stilted.
She resisted the temptation to tell him that he was lucky to get potatoes as they were also in short supply. Goodness only knew what he would say when he tasted the bread which was disgusting as it now contained mashed potatoes. Some days she couldnt even get vegetables so like many others she had resorted to eating grass. At least it was spring and the weather had warmed up a bit. There was a shortage of wood for burning and although she was in the country even she was struggling to find enough to keep the tiny cottage warm.
Ive going to get a job in a factory she said suddenly, knowing he wouldnt approve.
He looked at her in horror but she rushed on, not giving him time to interrupt.
Theyre crying out for girls to help make the munitions and it pays well.
But youre married he responded
Makes no difference. There are not enough men to make all the arms and weapons so theyre taking anyone on who can work. I can save the extra money and we can use it when you come home when the wars over.
She could see he still wasnt convinced so she added Food is really hard to find now although they are going to bring in rationing which might help. If I get work in a factory I can eat in the canteen so that means Ill get proper food.
Alf shrugged. He was suddenly too tired to argue anymore.
I think Ill go and get some sleep if thats alright? Although it was phrased as a question he didnt wait for a response. Instead he made his way up the tiny stairs to the bedroom. She heard him undressing and then he came down in his underwear and began washing in the sink.
Maggie watched him silently wondering who this stranger was. She had spent so long longing for him to come home and now he was home she didnt recognise him. Even worse they only had a few days together and then he would be gone again. She waited for him to go back upstairs and then she knelt down and began praying that her husband would come back to her.

5

Alf lay on the bed feeling clean for the first time in ages. But he couldnt sleep. Every time he closed his eyes he could see the trenches and he clenched his fists tight, wishing he could block out the horrors. The bed felt soft to his body. He was accustomed to sleeping on hard bunks or on fire steps in the trenches and hed forgotten what it was like to sleep on a proper bed. But that wasnt the real reason he couldnt sleep.
He could feel the distance between them and he had no idea how to cross it. He knew it was because he felt guilty. Guilty that he had insisted on going to war when she had begged him not to. But most of it was because of how hed spent his first leave in Ypres in 1915.
Before the bombing had reduced Ypres to the ruins it was now, Ypres had been a thriving city and he had spent his first leave there at the beginning of 1915. It was such a relief to find he was still alive and uninjured after all the fighting that hed had more to drink than normal. Then hed allowed himself to be taken to one of the citys brothels where hed paid to spend an hour with one of the prostitutes there. It had not been very successful and hed regretted it almost before hed finished but it was too late then, the damage was done.
Hed been luckier than most, he hadnt caught anything and hed never repeated the experience, but he still felt guilty. He wanted nothing more than to take his wife in his arms and make love to her but the images of that night kept getting in the way. So, like the coward he was, hed come up to bed because he couldnt face her.
He tossed and turned for almost an hour then, eventually, he fell into a deep dreamless sleep. He slept for several hours and when he woke he was surprised to find he actually felt better.

6

Ive missed you Mags his voice was low, his arm thrown casually over her bare breasts and she smiled in the darkness. When he hadnt wanted to make love to her shed wondered whether he still loved her. But she knew now that he did and while her body revelled in the warmth and contentment she always felt afterwards, her mind also began to relax. It seemed her prayers had worked and her husband had indeed returned to her. As she drifted into seep she suddenly knew with absolute certainty that she was pregnant.

7

The trench was just about the most miserable place Alf had even been. Gone was the enthusiasm with which hed joined up, gone was any sense of understanding as to why he was here. Every day was just one more miserable day that he had to survive. Survive to go home to his lovely wife, his wife whod begged him not to go to war. His wife hed ignored and told it was his patriotic duty to obey the call to arms. So off hed gone to Flanders leaving her at home, her eyes filled with tears as hed headed off with that rising sense of excitement filling his soul. If only hed known what it was really like he would have listened to her and stayed at home a little longer.
Everywhere he looked there was mud and where there wasnt mud there was water. The water in the trenches hid the dead bodies and often at night they would bump into them as they floated by, bloated and swollen. Even worse were the rats, so fat from feeding on corpses that they waddled rather than ran and their constant shrieks filled the trenches on both sides.
The view from the frontline trenches, or suicide trenches as they were known, was even worse. The countryside around was battered and destroyed, the trees and shrubs blown apart by the constant shelling. The fields that should have been filled with crops were filled instead with black, swollen, putrefying corpses, the stench of which filled the air around them. Occasionally there were cease fires when the dead were buried, but more often than not they were left where they fell to be blown apart by the next round of shelling.
Another hazard to any attempted advances were the numerous posts placed at intervals across no mans land. These were to show where the ground was so muddy and unstable that men wearing heavy packs had been sucked through the earth. Such a horrible death that he shuddered just thinking about it.
The letter hed received from Mags that morning had filled him with joy and sadness in equal measure. She had confirmed she was indeed pregnant which filled him with a sense of wonder and excitement. It also filled him with dread and sadness. What if he didnt survive long enough to get home? So many of those hed come out here with were already dead. New faces appeared every day only to be replaced by yet more new faces the following day. He had a strange feeling he was living on borrowed time.
Six months later the trench was filled with snow and ice and Alf was freezing. Hed tried to warm himself up by stamping his feet, but the icicles on his great coat weighed so much it was an effort to do anything. Many of the men had already cut the bottom off their coats because they were so long the freezing water from the bottom of the trenches soaked them and then turned to ice. But so far hed resisted the temptation, hoping the longer length would keep him warmer. Maybe it was time to do what the others had done.
He pulled out his knife and began hacking off the bottom of his coat. As he did so a sudden picture of Maggie came into his mind. In his vision she was lying next to him after they had made love, just as she had been during his leave back to Blighty. If he closed his eyes he could even remember the feel of her body as she curled up against him and he smiled. But then he frowned. She was shouting at him and he suddenly heard her voice quite clearly
Behind you Alf!  Alf behind you! Look behind you!
He opened his eyes and spun round almost automatically.  He was just in time to see the raised bayonet coming straight for him. He dodged to the side and lunged forward with his own catching the man in his chest and killing him almost instantly.
He pulled the bayonet out and threw himself at the next one as he leaped over the top and into the trench. By now the alarm had been raised and the other soldiers were also defending themselves. The fierce hand to hand fighting continued for the next half hour giving Alf no time to think. But eventually the Germans were pushed back and they began clearing the trench of the wounded and dead bodies.
Well done Brown the Captain was standing in front of him smiling. If it hadnt been for you wed all have bought it. None of us had heard a thing. How on earth did you know he was there?
Alf hesitated and then said I dont know sir. Just suddenly sensed him I think. There was no way he could tell the truth - that his wife had appeared to him in the trench and warned him. Hed be laughed at and never hear the end of it. But he knew that was what had really happened, strange as it was.
Well done anyway the Captain reached out his hand to shake his and Alf held out his hand. As he did so he suddenly saw Maggie and realised she was in labour. His child was about to be born. He smiled, and reaching out, he squeezed her hand  then everything went black.

8

Are you alright Mrs Brown? the voice of the vicar broke into her trance and Maggie was suddenly aware that she was experiencing extreme pain in her stomach.
I think the babys coming she said and winced as another shooting pain spread through her body.
Ill get the midwife he said and was gone before she could beg him not to leave her alone.
The pains were coming thick and fast but she still had time to wonder if Alf was safe. She was sure she had seen him dodge the bayonet before the Vicar had bought her out of her trance.
Alf she called as yet another contraction tore through her body
Im with you Alfs voice was so clear that she reached out her hand. For a split second she felt him holding her hand and she could feel him pouring his strength into her. Then he spoke again
Ill never leave you. I love you too much.
She opened her eyes expecting to see him standing next to her. But there was no one there, she was all alone.
Before she could really think about it the next contraction came and she gave herself up to the pain. Knowing Alf was with her gave her strength and it seemed like no time at all before the midwife was fussing round her.
Eventually it was all over and the midwife placed the baby in her arms. She looked at the tiny scrunched up face and smiled. He looked so much like his father it was almost as if Alf was laying there looking up at her.
She gasped in surprise and closed her eyes for a moment. When she opened them again the baby no longer looked like Alf. In fact she could see her father in him and also her own features. She frowned, wondering what it meant and why she should see Alf so clearly. Then suddenly she understood and she cried out
What is it? The Vicar and the Midwife both rushed to her side. Are you in pain?
Maggie shook her head
Its Alf, hes been killed. I know he has. Hell never see his son she sobbed.
The Vicar looked at the midwife who said softly
Now now, youre just exhausted by the birth. You cant possibly know that Alf is dead. Shhhh, youre upsetting the bairn.
Maggie closed her eyes and shook her head, but she said nothing. She had felt Alf leave her, he had come to say goodbye and his spirit had passed into the body of their son. He would always be with her, just as he had said, but not as her husband.

9

The letter confirming his death arrived a week later. It stated that her husband had been killed on the night of the 17th January 1917 after the trench he was in took a direct hit from a German shell. His body was never found. Maggie would never speak of her strange experience at the birth of her son. She would take her secret to the grave.

The End


If you enjoyed this story and you are interested in The Great War you might like to know that my latest book, Herbert Columbine VC, published by Pen & Sword is due out in August 2013.
All author royalties from the sale of this book are going to the Columbine Statue Fund which is aiming to raise a statuein memory of Private Herbert Columbine VC. It is also in recognition of his mother, Emma Columbine, who presented her late sons medals, including theVictoria Cross,to the town of Walton in October 1921.She also donated medals won by her late husband who was killed in the Boer War. These medals were to be displayed for the people of Walton in the council chamber.
After the amalgamation of the districts of Walton and Frinton in 1934 the council resolved that the medals should be handed to the British Legion to be displayed in their Club. Due to their increasing commercial value the medals were later deposited in a bank vault and only replicas were displayed in the British Legion Club. The original Victoria Cross and other medals have not been on view to the general public since 1934.
We hope a statue that can be viewed by the community of Walton on the Naze and visitors to the town will be a fitting tribute to Waltons WW1 hero. We will hopefully have the statue erected by the centennial anniversary of the First World War in 1914. Michael Turner of the Columbine Statue Fund


Herbert Columbine VC
  On the morning of the 22nd March 1918 in Hervilly woods 9 Squadron Machine Gun Corps came underintense attack from a heavy force of German infantry. They began to take significant casualties andHerbert and two others became isolated from the rest of the Squadron. As it became clear that their position would soon be overrun Herbert told his two companions to escape while they could. Although they initially refused he urged them to withdraw saying that he would follow soon. Herbert hung on tenaciously, repelling several attacks and was only defeated in the end when the Germans bought up air support and dropped a bomb on his position. Herbert Columbine has no known grave. His death is commemorated on Panels 93and 94 at the Pozieres Memorial to those missing in the Somme Sector 1918.





2
SHINGLE STREET
1
Christine frowned, that cant be right she muttered out loud. She had decided to put her family tree together and, having come to a full stop on her mothers side, she had just started on her fathers. She looked at the search result on the screen and shook her head, her dark auburn hair tumbling round her heart shaped face. It was ridiculous, the records must be wrong.
It gave her the date of her grandparents wedding as 14th September 1947. That was correct; shed seen pictures of the wedding with the date on. But her fathers birth date was registered as 10th June 1941. She shook her head again and re-entered the name and place of birth, but the results came back the same.
Perhaps her grandmother had been married before? Intrigued she started looking for previous marriage records, but came up with nothing. She smiled as her imagination began to run riot. Perhaps her grandmother had fallen in love with a dashing pilot who had been killed before they could get married. Unfortunately she couldnt ask her because she had died the previous year followed a few months later by her grandfather.
She turned her attention back to the screen. If this was right then her father was actually seven years older than he said he was.
So what dark secrets have you found out? Toms voice broke into her thoughts and she turned round, smiling at him.
You can laugh, she replied, reaching up to kiss him. Look at this! She indicated the screen and Tom looked closer.
So your grandmother got pregnant with your Dad before she got married? he said shrugging Its hardly the end of the world.
But Granddad was German and the war was on. Christine answered thoughtfully. Dad cant possibly be Granddads son. Nan must have had another boyfriend, fiance or something earlier, before she met him. But if that was the case why lie about his date of birth? she added almost to herself.
Well you know how they frowned upon that kind of thing then. She would probably have told people that her husband had died rather than admit she wasnt married with a child. Tom replied. You sure she wasnt married before?
No, Ive checked, theres nothing to say she was married or engaged until she met Granddad.
Does it say who his father was on the birth certificate?
Christine frowned No, it says unknown.
Youll have to ask your father he said Hell probably know more. Christine nodded. It really didnt make much sense but maybe Tom was right. Times were different then.

2

I was putting together our family tree on the computer the other day and I came across something strange Christine said nervously. Her father was busy weeding, his head bowed, and she couldnt see the expression on his face.
Oh her father replied without looking up or asking any more.
Christine sighed inwardly and tried again Its showing your birth date as 10th June 1941, I thought it was 1947?
There was silence and then her father spoke
And computers dont lie do they?
Christine looked at him in surprise. His head was still down and she still couldnt see his face but she knew her father well enough to realise that something wasnt right.
Yes there are mistakes she began patiently but this is a copy of your birth certificate. She held out the piece of paper and waited for some response.
For a few moments he carried on weeding then he sat back on his heels and rubbed his back.
Its a long story but I suppose it doesnt matter anymore. Come on Ill put the kettle on.

3

He handed her a mug of teas and they both sat down, she on the settee, he on his favourite armchair. Christine looked at him expectantly. He was staring into space remembering how he had felt when his mother had told him. Of course the war was much closer then, only twenty years had passed. It was over 60 years ago now, people thought differently. Surely it couldnt matter anymore?

4

It was very dark, the waves crashing angrily on the shore echoed along the emptiness of the beach. The cottages had long been empty, their inhabitants evacuated by the military for security reasons at the beginning of the war. The lone sentry walked slowly up and down the beach, his boots making no noise on the soft shingle that covered the shoreline. He had walked this way many times and expected to do so again. 
In the shadows behind the beach a young girl darted behind a large tree. She had arranged to meet her boyfriend, Sam, in one of the deserted cottages. But he was late and she was beginning to think he wasnt going to turn up. She shivered, it was early autumn and she was starting to feel cold. She pulled her cardigan more tightly round her and wished she wasnt wearing her best skirt. She had known Sam for several years, they had grown up together and she couldnt understand why he was late. She settled back against the tree, using it to shelter her from the worst of the breeze blowing off the sea and decided to give him a few more moments before returning to her parents farm house in the next village.
Tilly the voice was quite close and she jumped
Where have you been? I was just about to go home she spoke crossly
Sorry love. There are troops everywhere. They must be having a night exercise or something. I couldnt get passed them.
Tilly kept her back to him and he sighed Come on Tilly, dont be like that. Its not my fault. You know Id have been here on time if I could of the Suffolk dialect was always more pronounced when he was nervous and Tilly slowly relented.
Come on then, the cottage on the end is open we can sit in there. At least that way the sentry wont see us and we wont have to whisper.
They were heading towards the cottages when they heard a noise out to sea.
Oh my God, the invasion, its started! Sam was so startled he forgot to whisper.
Go and get help boy the sentry was staring transfixed at the large ships that had just come into view. The moon was bright enough for them to see men scrambling down nets into smaller boats and Tilly felt her legs begin to grow weak.
Both of you get out of here, go and raise the alarm. The sentry had pulled himself together and was already blowing his whistle.
Sam hurried back down the road with Tilly at his heels. Across fields and streams they ran until they came across the troops taking a rest near a small hill.
The invasion Sam gasped, struggling to get his breath.
The young private was about to laugh when the faint sound of a whistle reached them. The soldier looked round and Tilly caught a glimpse of a black cat on a red background on his arm. Then he was gone in the direction of the other men. Sam and Tilly followed him, still panting hard after their run. The soldier spoke to another man who came over to speak to them.
Where are they? he asked
Shingle Street Tilly answered quickly. There was a brief hesitation then they all grabbed their weapons and rushed passed her leaving them alone. Tilly turned to follow them.
Where are you going? Sam caught her arm
Im going back to see if theres anything I can do she answered defiantly.
What can you do? Youre a girl Sam replied scornfully
Tilly pulled her arm away and said angrily I can shoot as well as any man and this is my country. You can stay there if you want. Im going back to help, even if its just to help with wounded. She added as she disappeared back the way they had come leaving Sam standing in the field staring at her retreating back.

5

Tilly had no idea what she was going to do; she just felt she had to do something. It was much cooler now, but she was too hot from running to notice. She crashed through hedges and caught her skirt and cardigan on viscous thorns but she felt compelled to go on, ignoring the voice in her head that insisted she should be running in the opposite direction. After several moments the silence was shattered by the unmistakable sounds of guns firing and she could see a faint glow in the sky in front of her.
Undeterred she carried on until suddenly she had reached the line of troops defending the coastline. Rough hands threw her on the floor and she tasted sand.
What the hell are you doing you silly cow? the voice was harsh with a London accent.
I thought I could help she replied quickly the words sounded stupid even to her ears.
Get yourself killed more like he replied. Well youre here now so youd better stay. Just keep your head down and if they look like theyre gonna get ashore, run like hell.
Tilly nodded and sank back into the bushes.

6

Sam thought about it for a few moments, sighed and followed Tilly back towards Shingle Street. He had no idea what he was going to do when he got back there but he couldnt leave her out there all on her own.
It seemed to take him forever to reach the cottages but when he did he had no idea where to find her. He could hear shouting and the air was filled with the sound of firing which appeared to be coming from the beach but he couldnt see Tilly anywhere.
Telling himself that she must be down by the beach he made his way carefully towards the sound of the fighting.

7

How odd Tilly thought staring out towards the sea. It looked like the sea was alight. She closed her eyes and then opened them again. No she could definitely see flames on the sea. Then drifting on the wind, came the cries and screams of terror. Tilly looked round at the young men surrounding her and saw the shocked expressions on their faces.
Whats happening? she asked, her voice barely louder than a whisper, but somehow they heard her.
Looks like theyve set fire to the sea to stop the bastards landing. The voice was that of the young man whod pulled her down when shed first arrived. She could hear the revulsion in his voice and she felt sick.
But the firing had stopped and the only sound she could hear was the screaming from the sea and she wished she could close her ears as easily as her eyes.

8

Same looked at the flames burning on the ocean and offered a quick prayer for the men engulfed in it. He hated the Germans and he didnt want them to invade but somehow this was difficult to stomach. He wondered how they had soaked the sea so thoroughly, then it came to him. They must have had some underwater pipes already filled with petrol, waiting for just such an attempt. He wondered if they had the same defences all the way round the coast. As dreadful as it was it seemed to have worked. The terrible screaming had now stopped and all he could hear was the gentle lapping of the sea on the shore and the crackling of the waves still burning on the sea. He shivered and turned his attention back to the beach to see if he could find Tilly.

9

Keep out of sight the soldier warned her as the Captain headed towards them. Tilly did as she was told, a sudden feeling of dread came over her and she wondered what would happen to her if they knew she had seen this. Instinctively she knew this would be kept secret and her heart began to pound so loudly against her chest she thought they would be able to hear it.
Tilly! Tilly! Sams voice came clearly across the beach and Tilly started. Forgetting her fear she was about to stand up when the soldier pushed her back down.
For Gods sake stay out of sight he whispered. She was about to struggle when she heard the Captains voice
You, you there. What are you doing here? Its a forbidden zone.
Sam was about to say he was looking for his girlfriend when something made him stop. He had no idea why, just a feeling of menace and something in the eyes of the Captain whose face he could clearly see in the light from the fading fires in the water.
Its me, the one who told you about the invasion he shouted nervously. I just wanted to see what was going on.
The Captain walked up to him, pulled out his gun and fired. Sam fell to the floor and Tilly almost screamed. Almost but not quite. Instead she gasped, a noise that was hidden by the gasps of astonishment and disbelief around her.
The Captain turned back to face the men who were now standing up. Clear the beach of any trace of this. I dont need to remind you that you are all bound by the Official Secrets Act and that we are at War. Put all the bodies on the truck and go back inland. Dig a large hole and bury any bodies you find. Those that are washed up later will look the results of U-boat raids, RAF successes and shipping casualties. And dont forget, you never saw any of this.
Tilly shrank back into the trees at any moment expecting one of the men to denounce her but they didnt. Instead they began combing the shore line for bodies and loading the burnt bodies onto the large truck that had just arrived.

10

It was almost dawn by the time Tilly felt safe enough to come out of the trees. The soldiers had long since gone but she had been too terrified to emerge from her hiding place.
The beach was deserted apart from the single sentry walking slowly up and down. Tilly waited until he had reached the far end then made her way carefully to the cottages, hoping she could take the short cut back across the fields without being seen.
She was outside the last cottage when she heard a faint moaning sound. She stopped and listened carefully but there was nothing. Thinking it was her imagination she started to walk again only to find her arms pinned behind her and knife at her throat.
Do not scream, I will not hurt you the voice was heavily accented and Tilly froze. Terrified she nodded and the knife moved away from her throat. She slowly turned round to be confronted by a German, his uniform was charred and his face was blackened by oil but other than that he seemed unharmed.
What do you want? she asked and then wondered at the stupidity of the question. Obviously he wanted to escape. Sorry, you want to escape dont you? she said quickly and to her astonishment she saw him smile.
Yes, very much he smiled again, then frowned. I do not think I will live very long if they catch me here do you?
Tilly shook her head and wondered why she suddenly cared so much about the life of one German. Perhaps it was her own sense of decency, she had no idea. She just know that someone she would help him escape, maybe not back to his country but at least out of the area so that he would just be locked up as a POW.
She suddenly realised he was watching her and she said.
Ill help you get out of the area but I wont help you get back to Germany. She said determinedly.
He looked at her for a few moments and then lowered the knife.
Thank you. My name is Erlich von Hausen. he held out his hand
As if in a dream Tilly shook it Tilly Jenkins.
Well Tilly Jenkins, I think we should leave here before the sentry finds us.
Tilly nodded and they headed towards the trees that shielded the small fishing village and began walking towards the next village.


11

The bells were ringing for church and Tilly looked at Sam playing happily in the garden with his football. It was 1947 and the war had been over nearly 2 years. As she watched him play Tilly wondered whether Erlich was still alive, whether he had survived the war or whether he, like so many others had been killed. She smiled. So many years had passed since shed seen him she doubted whether he would even remember her if he had survived. But she remembered him. He had come into her life in such a strange way and yet, even though they were enemies they had been drawn to each other.
You havent changed at all the voice broke into her thoughts and she spun round, startled.
Erlich? the man who stood there was much thinner but she recognised him immediately. His blonde hair was longer, his skin was tanned from the sun but the blue eyes were as clear and warm as she remembered them.
Oh my God, Erlich
She suddenly felt shy, but he reached out his arms for her and pulled her close.
You have no idea how I have thought of you every day for nearly 5 years he whispered and her heart soared.
I thought you would have forgotten me she said softly.
How could I ever forget the angel who saved me from certain death, who hid me for weeks until I could leave the area and who helped me survive the war by handing me over to the RAF.
Tilly stepped back, wondering if he was cross but she only saw tenderness and gratitude in his eyes.
I was afraid you would be cross she said
I was at first but then I remembered what youd said. That you would not help me to escape back to Germany but that you would help me escape the area so I could be a POW.
He looked into her eyes I was absolutely furious at first he said smiling suddenly. But I understood so, well here I am.
Tilly smiled back and then remembered Sam who was watching them with curiosity.
This is Sam my son she said. Erlich looked at Sam and recognition dawned.
Is..? he started to say but Tilly quickly distracted Sam and waited until his back was turned.
Yes Sam is your son she said softly but no one knows. They think he is Sams son. You remember the boy who was shot on the beach that night? Even talking about it bought back the memories and she shivered.
When I found out I was pregnant Sams death had already been reported. They said hed died as a result of being shot by a German pilot so I just said he was the father and no one questioned it. She hesitated No one must ever know she added, especially Sam.
Erlich looked about to argue then he too nodded. I understand. It would not be safe to mention how we met anyway he added. Probably best to say we have just met.
Tilly nodded as the enormity of the lie they would have to tell hit her. But then she smiled. At least eventually they would be together.

12

They were married four months later. They put up with a lot of opposition as you can imagine. Germans werent very popular. But they proved everyone wrong and were very happy. They told me when I was twenty one. It was a great shock. Id always believed Erlich to be my step father but we got over it. Im glad you know.
What about the invasion? Christine asked You know it was true.
He smiled Yes but who is going to believe me? In any case its all so long ago, does it really matter anymore?

The End

If you enjoyed this story and would like to read more stories set in WW2 why not take a look at

The Cat & The Nightingale Saga
The Cat & The Nightingale Saga is based on the true story of my in-laws, Ted and Brenda and is written in the form of a docu drama.
Ted fought at Calais in May 1940 and spent 5 years as a POW in Poland while his fiance Brenda, was a nurse in London during the war, including the Blitz.
Its written in several volumes, all of which are available in print and as eBooks and is a work in progress.
The first volume is called:

A Week In May 1940.

When Ted asked Brenda to marry him during his Christmas 1939 leave he had no way of knowing how long it would be before the wedding would actually take place. Sent to France as part of Calais Force Ted endures some of the heaviest fighting of the war before finally being taken prisoner. But that is just the beginning of his ordeal as the Germans force march them across Europe with little food and water, casual brutality never far from the surface.
Meanwhile Brenda, a nurse in London, has no idea Ted has even left the country until she begins treating wounded wearing the same regimental insignia as Ted. Frantic with worry she has no way of knowing if he has survived the heroic last stand in Calais.
Marcels world is turned upside down when his mother urges him to escape to England. Joining the growing numbers of refugees fleeing to the channel coasts he narrowly misses being strafed by the Stukas of the advancing Germans. But this close shave changes his life in more ways than he could have imagined.
The paths of these three people are united by war and their lives will never be the same again.

2.The Pencilled Message
3. Though Worlds may Change
4. The Tricolore Divided
5. 1941-The Lowest Ebb




3
PANDORAS BOX
1
Sue brushed her hair out of her eyes and breathed a sigh of relief. Nearly there, only one more box and she would be finished. She allowed herself a wry smile. As far as she could see her funny, gentle, loving grandfather had not thrown anything away since hed moved here in 1948. It had taken her nearly two weeks to go through the old house. She had sorted everything into two piles, one to keep and go through later, the other to discard. The dusty attic was the last place to clear and this was the last box.
She reached into it and pulled out a small leather satchel. It was obviously very old. The leather was cracked and faded and the buckle corroded and it took her some moments to open it. Inside were a faded yellow star and a small fabric label with the word Juden sewn on it. She looked at the contents with amazement and a certain amount of confusion. Her grandfather wasnt Jewish or, at least if he was, no one had told her.
She delved further into the bag and pulled out a faded black and white photo. She could just make out a group of men standing in front of a hut. The pain in their eyes and in the way they held their emaciated bodies reached out to her from the past and she shivered. Was one of these men her grandfather? Had he been in one of the concentration camps? He had never talked about his life before the war and up until now she had never been curious.
There was nothing else in the satchel other than a faded newspaper clipping. She could just make out a man in an SS Uniform, staring in to the distance, his face expressionless. She presumed he was connected to the picture of the camp, but the article was in German and her grasp of the language was not good enough to translate it. There was nothing else so she turned her attention back to the box. But that held little else other than some moth-eaten material that smelt of mildew and something she couldnt identify. She was about to discard it when she belatedly realised it was an old army great coat. Despite its foul smell she pulled it out completely and laid it on the floor, eager to see if there was anything underneath.
She was disappointed, the box was empty except for a small coin on which was scratched some kind of symbol. It appeared to be a Reichsmark and she put it in the satchel.  She reached for one of the empty black bin liners and carefully placed the coat inside. She knew John, her husband, would wonder why on earth she had kept it and if she was honest she had no idea. She just knew it had something to do with her grandfathers past and for some strange reason she needed to know more.
Are you finished love? Johns voice broke into her thoughts and she smiled.
Yes, just emptied the last of the boxes. I dont think they ever threw anything away.
Tell me about it! John appeared at the entrance to the attic. His short hair was tousled, his clothes were dusty and he eyes bore the strain of the past few days. Although Eric was her grandfather, he and John had been very close and his death had affected John badly. He reached out towards the last of the piles.
This ones to keep, that ones to go Sue spoke quickly, suddenly reluctant to share what she had found until she had spoken to her father. John nodded, took the rubbish and left her alone with her thoughts.
2

It was not until the following day that Sue had a chance to talk to her father. To her surprise he was quite abrupt when she tried to ask him about Eric and seemed unwilling to answer her questions.
You know all there is to know Sue he said sighing heavily Your grandfather was in the army, he was captured by the British in 1945, spent some time in one of the camps until they were satisfied with his identity and then released in 1947. He liked it here and so decided to make England his home.
So he wasnt Jewish then? Sue persisted
Of course not. Her father looked at her as if she was mad. Where on earth did you get that idea from?
Sue took a small envelope from her bag and showed him the star, label and photo. She had left the newspaper cutting at home for fear of it disintegrating if she kept opening it.
Her father looked at the items in disbelief. Where did you get these?
They were in a very old satchel in the last box at the back of the attic. There was an old army coat as well, but its almost fallen to pieces now. Oh there was an old coin too with some kind of strange marking on.
There was silence and he handed them back to her, his face closed. Sue knew that look, it was the look her father had when the subject was closed.
I have no idea what these are or why he had them. Maybe he bought them somewhere. He looked pointedly at his watch. Right its time I picked your Mother up from town before she spends all my money. Can I give you a lift anywhere?
Sue shook her head, kissed him dutifully goodbye and headed home, more confused than ever. As she walked she thought back over the story she had been told.
Her grandfather had been in Camp 186 in Colchester for some time. It was here he had met her grandmother. She was a local girl who lived on one of the farms just outside the town. Once his identity had been confirmed Eric had been sent to work on her fathers farm and they had fallen in love. It had all sounded very romantic, especially as most people would have been horrified at her grandmothers liaison with a German. They had survived the hostility and settled in Tollesbury, a small village a few miles down the coast.
But Sue was now beginning to believe this was a lie, although she couldnt work out why Eric would have gone to such lengths to hide the fact that he had been in one of the concentration camps. Surely he would have faced less hostility if hed told people the truth? Maybe he was one of those Kapos that she had read about - the Jewish guards who were almost as brutal as the SS. Or maybe the reason was much more trivial. Perhaps her grandmothers parents were anti-Semitic? Whatever the reason, she was determined to get to the bottom of it.

3

Arriving home she was relieved to find the house empty and a note from John saying they had gone shopping. Sue smiled at the two rows of kisses on the bottom of the note. Christopher was nearly 5 now and Erica, named after her Grandfather, was a very grown up 7. With some time to herself she decided to try and find out a little more about the newspaper cutting. She carefully took it out of the satchel and laboriously copied the first couple of paragraphs onto the computer. It was quite hard to read, but eventually she was satisfied so she pasted them into the online translation facility. It appeared the man was an SS Colonel who had been the Kommandant for one of the death camps and that the article was a report on his capture and execution for war crimes.
It was a small camp, one that she hadnt heard of, but, according to the article, it had still been responsible for several thousand acts of mindless cruelty and deaths. It had given her a starting point and she refolded the newspaper and replaced it in the satchel. She still hadnt mentioned any of this to John, but if she was to find out more she would need his help and support. Sue had just decided this when the front door opened and the children rushed in chattering and laughing and for the next couple of hours she concentrated on them and put her Grandfathers mysterious secrets to the back of her mind. Once they had eaten dinner and the children had gone to bed however, she bought out the star, label and photo and showed them to John and recounted the strange conversation with her father.
A lot of old people dont talk about the war he said not looking entirely convinced.
But dont you think its strange he never mentioned any of this? It must have been very difficult for a German living in this country straight after the war finished. It would have been much easier if people had known he was Jewish and a survivor of the camps. Sue persisted
Perhaps he just wanted to forget everything he had seen and experienced. Or perhaps he couldnt face it so his way of dealing with it was to pretend it never happened. John argued
Maybe Sue responded hesitantly. But I still think we should try and find out dont you?
John pulled her close and hugged her. If you think its that important Ill help you all I can. He kissed her forehead and they sat in silence for a few moments until John said thoughtfully But what if we find out things we dont like?
Sue pulled out of his arms and looked at him in astonishment
What are thinking?
John shrugged I have no idea to be honest. Im just a bit concerned that if he was keeping something a secret all these years maybe we might be better off not knowing.
There was silence as Sue digested his words. He was only voicing the thoughts that had been hovering around the back of her own mind ever since she had found the items so carefully hidden.
Surely if it was that bad hed never have kept anything?
Maybe he thought it was all too long ago for anyone to piece it together John replied. To Sue, confused by the unexpected finds and needing a diversion from the grief at losing her beloved grandfather, the words sounded like an unspoken challenge.
I still want to know she said stubbornly, little realising that months later these words would come back to haunt her.

4

The next few weeks were spent emailing various websites and other places in the hope of finding any information about holocaust survivors and trying to trace any of her grandfathers family who might have survived. Her grandfather had anglicised his name after leaving the POW Camp so the first step was to find his original name. This took some time but eventually they found out that his name had been Becker. This was quite a common name and as every avenue they explored led to a brick wall, Sue began to lose hope.
Then, several months later, just when she had almost given up hope, she received a response on one of the WW2 forums. The lady, a Christine Smith, had seen her post and wondered if they might be related. If she was right she was the grand-daughter of a second cousin of Sues grandfather, also called Eric Becker. Her own grandfather had disappeared during the war and no one knew where he had gone. It was a longshot but it was the first positive response Sue had received.  Even more fortunate the lady lived in Lancashire and was prepared to meet her.

5

Dont get your hopes up too much Johns voice broke into her thoughts and she reached out and held his hand. They were driving up the M6 and were due to meet Christine that evening in a small hotel in Blackpool.
Im trying not to Sue let go of his hand and crossed her fingers But I cant help myself. I could be about to meet a whole new part of my family.
John smiled
Arent I enough for you then?
Sue laughed You know you are. Its just she stopped, unable to put into words exactly how she felt. She had a feeling this meeting would be momentous, but she didnt know why. She only wished the irritating, nagging voice in the back of her voice would go away and stop trying to dampen her enthusiasm. 

6

Christine was about the same age as her, but there the resemblance ended. Whereas Sue was tall with blonde curly hair, blue eyes and a curvy body, Christine was quite short and slim with dark hair and flashing brown eyes. Sue liked her immediately and they were soon looking at photos of their respective families in the hope of finding a resemblance.
So when did your family come here? Sue asked
Christine took a sip of her drink and began what was obviously a well-rehearsed story
My grandfather left Germany in 1934, just after the Nazis took power. His father was astute enough to see that things werent going to get any better so he made plans to leave. My Grandfather was only 15 when they arrived here with little more than the clothes they stood up in.
Fortunately my Great Grandfathers sister was already here as she had married an Englishman. They looked after them until my great grandfather found work. When the war started my grandfather joined the Pioneer Corps. He wanted to join the Rifle Brigade, but they wouldnt let him because he was German.
She sighed
Crazy wasnt it? He had more reason to hate the Nazis than anyone, but they treated him as if he was a spy!
I suppose they had to be careful Sue responded automatically. Her eye had been drawn to a picture of young man in his 20s, wearing a British Pioneer Corps uniform and looking proudly straight at the camera. He looked vaguely familiar and as she stared at him she felt her heart skip a beat. Next to it was another picture of him, still in uniform but this time he was with a young woman and was smiling broadly. It was obviously a wedding photo.
Is this your grandfather? she indicated the picture
Christine looked down and nodded
Yes thats the last one ever taken of him. He and Nan got married in May 1941, he had two weeks leave and then he went back to work. She paused and Sue waited for her to continue.
No one really knows what happened to him. One day he was in the Pioneer Corps, the next he was posted somewhere else. He was never heard of again. Nan didnt even know he was missing until 1942 as she received postcards from him every few weeks saying he was moving around a lot so couldnt ring her. The last one said he was hoping to be back at the weekend. That was in October 1942 I think or maybe 1943. He never turned up. Nan waited at the station for him with Mum for hours. Train after train came in, but he wasnt on any of them. One month later she received a letter saying he was missing in action. That was it, she never had any confirmation that hed been killed, but eventually she guessed he must have been or he would have come home.
Sue looked down at the picture again. Her heart was pounding now. The man in the wedding photo looked so much like her own grandfather that she was beginning to wonder if it was actually the same man, rather than a cousin. Trying hard to hide her growing excitement she passed the album to John
What do you think? she asked John who examined it under a small magnifying glass.
He does look very like Eric, although its hard to tell just by looking he said slowly. We dont have any pictures of him before 1948 so have no way of knowing what he looked like. But there are definite similarities. He stared at the photo for several minutes and then added
 Did he disappear at the same time they started to recruit SOE agents?
Christine looked surprised and then shook her head I dont know. When was that?
They began recruiting in 1940 but nothing really happened until 1941. The only reason I ask is that I seem to remember reading somewhere that they would write lots of letters and postcards before they went abroad. These would be sent to the operatives family at regular intervals so they didnt wonder about what they were doing.
Christine thought about it
It would make sense I suppose. He wanted to fight the Germans, not dig up parks to plant vegetables. He would have been an ideal candidate. He obviously spoke German fluently, oh and French as well apparently.
Sue looked at her in surprise and her heart began to sink. Christine mistook her expression and nodded enthusiastically
He went to a very good school in Berlin and learned French and English there. Apparently he was very good with languages. She suddenly realised that Sue was no longer paying attention. Instead she was staring at the photo, but this time she no longer looked very happy.
What is it?
I dont remember my grandfather ever being able to speak French. In fact Im sure he didnt. Unless he lied to us about that too she added, more to herself than to Christine. Ill have to ask my father, hell know. Thats if hell tell you the niggling voice in the back of her head voiced her own doubts.
Christine looked confused and Sue realised Christine had no idea what she was thinking. She still thought they were looking to see if their Grandfathers were related, not that they might be one and the same person. She wondered whether she should say anything, but, as it looked like she was probably wrong, she said nothing.
Would you be able to scan the photo in and email it to me? Sue asked suddenly making a decision. I can compare it with pictures of my father at that age and see if theres any resemblance. I can also ask him if Granddad did speak French she added to herself.
Christine nodded Of course I can. I hope it is him as it will be nice for my mother to find another part of her family. Sue nodded, although if she was right Christine might not be very happy at all, especially if her grandfather had dumped his first wife, changed his name and then remarried at the end of the war. Despite this, Sue hoped she was right, as it would explain all the secrecy.

7

Youre very quiet love. What is it? they were driving back to Essex and Sue had said very little since leaving Blackpool.
I dont know really she started to say and then changed her mind. Actually I do. What if it isnt a cousin? What if they are one and the same person?
John took his eyes of the road and stared at her in astonishment. The car swerved and the van behind hooted loudly. Having regained control of the car John spoke
Youre not serious?
The photo does look very like Granddad. Dont forget he would have aged quite a bit in the camp, and it would explain why he kept quiet about who he was after the war.
John was quiet as he thought about it. He had to admit the resemblance between the two men was striking. Even in the old photos you could see the similarity in the smiles and facial expression.
Could be a bit awkward couldnt it? For Christine I mean and her family?
Sue nodded
I know but it was all so long ago and at least they would know what happened to him and we would know who he really was.

8

Its a ridiculous idea Sues father glared at her and she shrank back from the fury in his eyes. I dont understand why you cant just leave it alone, why you had to dig up the past.
It was several weeks later and Sue had finally managed to find out that Eric Becker had been a member of SOE and had worked with several Rsistance groups in France. He had parachuted back into France in 1942 and, after carrying out a particularly audacious raid on a Gestapo building, had gone missing. It was presumed he had been captured, but it was never confirmed. He had never been heard of again.
Having pieced together most of the puzzle Sue was now convinced that her grandfather and Christines grandfather were one and the same. Before telling Christine she had gone round to tell her father but his reaction had stunned her.
But Dad, dont you want know but she got no further before he interrupted her
I already know who he is and when you find out youll wish you hadnt, take it from me. And he got up and walked out leaving Sue staring after him in stunned silence.

9

Seems like a bit of an over-reaction John said looking at Sue with concern. Her eyes were still red from crying and he was tempted to go round and give her father a piece of his mind, but his immediate priority was Sue.
I just dont understand why hes so annoyed she said for the third time. Ok its not a nice thing to do but it was a long time ago and if anyone should be annoyed it would be Christines family. Theyre the ones he left in the lurch.
Talking of which shouldnt you ring her and tell her what youve found out?
Sue nodded. I think Ill email her to be honest. Itll be easier to write it all down and make sure Ive remembered everything. I can also attach the photos and records weve found as well. No time like the present I suppose.
She switched on the computer and began typing the email. After several attempts she was finally satisfied and she asked John to check it while she started dinner.
It seems fine to me John shouted to her through the kitchen door.
Can you send it then? Sue yelled back as she dished up the fish and chips and called the children to the table.
She spent the evening on tender hooks, waiting for the phone to ring or for an email from Christine. By nine oclock she had given up, presuming Christine hadnt picked up her emails and then the phone rang.
Hello
Hello Sue, I just wanted to apologise about earlier It was her father and his voice sounded rather strained.
Its ok I just couldnt understand why you were so annoyed Sue waited for him to respond, but instead there was a long silence then
Just what exactly did you find out?
Sue shrugged, even more confused, and then began to explain.
I see her father sounded much calmer now which made no sense at all. Have you told Christine and her family yet?
Yes, I sent an email earlier although I havent heard back from them. I expect shes quite upset though so she tailed off not knowing what else to say.
Yes, Im sure.. well I have to go now, just wanted to let you know I was sorry for flying off the handle. Its been a difficult few weeks you know.
Its ok Dad, I understand, honestly.
Night then her father now sounded positively cheerful and Sue began to feel very uneasy.
Night Dad she put the phone down and looked at John.
Everything alright?
No, no I dont think so. She recounted the conversation. There has to be something else, something Im missing.
Like what? John was watching her closely and then he said
What about the coin? Didnt you say there was something scratched on it?
Sue nodded Yes some kind of symbol. Ill go and get it.
She bought the satchel down and they examined the coin.
It looks like a very ornate letter K she said after several moments.
John switched on the computer and began searching for any information. Thats it Sue said suddenly as the K appeared on the screen.
It appears to be the symbol of an organisation called Konsul John said frowning.
Who are they Sue asked
John shrugged Its all in German he said in frustration
Use the translate facility Sue urged Thats what I used with the newspaper cutting.
John copied and pasted the information across and waited for English translation.
They were some kind of small German escape network he said puzzled You know, to help Nazis escape after the war.
Why would my grandfather have that then? Sue asked
Perhaps he found it John responded but even as he spoke a darker thought came into his head. He turned round to look at her
Did you translate the whole of the newspaper cutting?
No, just the first couple of paragraphs. Sue felt cold Do you think the answer is there?
John shrugged We wont know until we look. He looked at her and then continued or we could just leave it and forget about it. He saw the expression on her face and he knew it was too late. They had come too far to stop now.
Come on, you get it and Ill type it in.
It took him over half an hour to type it in, he pasted it into the translate box and pressed enter. Then he wished he hadnt.
Youd better come and read this love he said softly. Sue looked at his face and wished she had never started. But it was too late. Life would never be the same again. She sat down at the screen and began reading.
What she read took her breath away. The article had finished by stating that the man in the dock had persistently denied he was SS Colonel Joachim Krelft. Instead he had claimed that he was Jewish and that his name was Eric Becker. He just had the misfortune to look like the Kommandant and that this was all a terrible mistake. Further down the article cited the testimony of one of the witnesses who backed up the accuseds story. He too claimed that the man in the dock had not been the Kommandant. It was another Jewish inmate, a man who had looked so like the Colonel that the Kommandant had used him as his double to amuse himself with the guards and to torment the prisoners even more. But his testimony had been discounted in light of over 50 other witnesses who had sworn the man in the dock was the Kommandant.
The Jury had unanimously found him guilty and he had been hanged a week later.
Oh my God Sue could hardly speak. My grandfather, he was the Kommandant. He was Joachim Krelft. Somehow, probably with the help of this group Konsul,  he managed to change places with the real Eric Becker and escape. The real Eric, Christines grandfather, was hanged in his place. Christines grandfather was hanged because of my grandfather. My grandfather, who was in charge of torture and murder on an industrial scale and who used the fact that Eric was his double to escape what hed done. Oh God, how on earth do I tell her?
John was silent while he frantically tried to think of something to say to comfort her.  Then the phone began to ring.




4

GONE BUT NOT FORGOTTEN

The guns of the approaching Soviets could be heard quite clearly now. The POWs looked nervously to the east, the sky was glowing red from the numerous fires raging in the nearby city and the ground shook intermittently from the continuous bombardment. They had every reason to feel worried. Although the approaching Soviets were supposedly their allies against the Germans, rumours were already rife that they would kill anyone they came across. Even more worrying were the persistent rumours that the Soviets were taking allied POWs back to the Soviet Union instead of releasing them.
Their meagre belongings had been packed for weeks and most now slept in all their clothes in the overcrowded huts. Those lucky enough to still have boots slept with them on and the sensible ones bartered the few possessions they had accrued in the camps for food, knowing it could make the difference between life and death. Eventually the Germans prepared to abandon the camp, an order which was being repeated all across eastern Poland. As the blizzards raged and the temperature dipped to nearly 40 degrees below the German guards marched the poorly clothed, underfed POWs out of the gates of the camps which for some had been their home for many years and began the slow walk west towards Germany.
For many this was the beginning of the notorious death marches as thousands of allied POWs walked several hundred miles across the war ravaged Polish countryside trying to keep one step ahead of the advancing Soviets. According to official figures the number of captured British and Commonwealth POWs in German camps in Eastern Europe at the beginning of 1945 was 199,592. Of these only 168,746 returned. The rest disappeared.
Many no doubt died on the march from hyperthermia, pneumonia, diphtheria, starvation, dehydration and other illnesses caused by their years of captivity and ill treatment. Others died of typhus caused by lice infestations and some were casualties of the bombing and fighting raging all around them. There were even those who may have elected to stay missing, having nothing to return to and having found family, friends, women that they wanted to stay with. But from as early as the end of 1945 there have been persistent rumours of sightings of allied POWs in Soviet Gulags. Many returning POWs spoke of Soviets overrunning their camps, interrogating the prisoners and spiriting away those with particular skills.
So were several thousand British and Commonwealth POWs spirited away into the depths of the Soviet Gulag system, never to return or is it just an unfounded rumour?
The relationship between the USA, Britain and the USSR throughout the war had always been fraught with difficulty but by end of 1944 it was obvious that Stalin was perfectly happy to continue the war, advancing all the way to London if necessary. Stalin knew Britain was bankrupt and did not have the stomach for another prolonged war and the USA had its eyes firmly fixed on the Pacific.
As the allies advanced from the West they had found themselves in possession of thousands of Soviet prisoners. Many of these Soviet POWs had been forcibly enlisted into the German army at the point of a gun; others had enlisted willingly seeing the Germans as liberators against the Soviets. Once enlisted the Germans put them to fight on the Western Front where many immediately surrendered to the Western Allies as soon as it was expedient to do so. They were then shipped to England and placed in POW camps. Later these numbers would be swelled by several thousand Soviet POWs liberated from German POW camps by the Western Allies. This left Stalin with a problem. Having spent the war promulgating the lie that there were no Soviet POWs; that no Soviets had defected to fight with the Germans and that all patriotic Soviets had died defending the Soviet Union, Stalin either had to rewrite history or remove the evidence that contradicted his version of the war.
Stalin had initially begun demanding the return of these Soviet prisoners as early as 1944 but the USA and Britain had delayed, seriously concerned that thousands of their servicemen who were currently held in German POW camps in Eastern Europe could be used as hostages by the rapidly advancing Soviets.
So concerned were they that they included a classified covenant in the Yalta Agreement of February 1945. This stated that, in return for the safe return of all allied POWs, the allies would return all Soviet citizens, even those who didnt want to go home. However, by now, the West was already beginning to plan for what would soon become the Cold War and many anti-communist Ukrainians and Byelorussians were kept back under the guise that they were POWs.
Realising this Stalin used it as an excuse to withhold allied prisoners. These he intended to use as labour to rebuild the Soviet economy, as specialists to fill gaps in technology and as hostages and bargaining chips to exchange for Foreign Aid. In the case of Stalag Luft 1 the release of the 10,000 liberated POWS now held on Soviet territory hinged on the repatriation of a particular White Russian migr wanted by Stalin.
For the next few years year the Western Allies and Stalin argued about the missing POWs. Stalin was adamant that all had been returned, even denying the presence of those who had already been seen by POW inspectors. As always when pressed, he prevaricated and flung counter accusations, accusing the allies of withholding Soviet prisoners. There was little publicity about the issue because the US and British government had spent the war years telling the people how wonderful Stalin was in his fight against Hitler. To suddenly claim that Stalin was holding their POWs hostages could have raised awkward questions. By the time they could have publicised it the Korean War had started and any publicity about POWs missing from WW2 could have precipitated a Superpower confrontation. Once the Korean War had ended it was too late for any government to raise the issue of WW2 POWs without having to answer difficult questions, not least about why they had not mentioned it before. Furthermore there was now the issue of missing POWs from the Korean War, also believed to have disappeared into the Gulags. So it was quietly shelved, any questions were met with stonewalling and downgraded estimates of those possibly missing. And it was not just British, Commonwealth and US service personnel who were missing, other countries including the Italians, Germans, French and Japanese had long wondered where their citizens had disappeared to.
Then in 1992 President Boris Yeltsin revealed that the Soviet Union had lied about the issue of WW2 POWs. Although he only mentioned the secret imprisonment of US service personnel, it seems unlikely it was only US citizens. Finally there was evidence to corroborate what had previously been unsubstantiated rumour.
If this is true, and the evidence seems to suggest that there is certainly some truth in this, its almost impossible to imagine how these men must have felt. They had survived the horrors of numerous battles and the appalling degradation of life in the German POW camps. The end was now in sight; they could finally believe that at last they were going home, back to their families who had waited so long; they had the whole of their lives ahead of them and then, at the eleventh hour, it was snatched away, leaving them to die alone and seemingly forgotten.


A Second in Time came out of my research into these missing POWs as I wondered what if.

A Second in Time

It was only a second in time, but that second changed the course of Rob and Annie Davies life forever. For Rob it meant a living hell in Nazi occupied Europe whilst Annie struggled painfully on without him. 
As war ended and the men went home Robs life took a savage new twist and this time it was Felcias turn to wait and struggle on. But the split second decision that had bought so much heartache and suffering eventually bought Rob, Annie and Felcia a much greater happiness.
A Second in Time takes the reader on a roller coaster of emotion from the Spanish Civil War of the 1930s to the austerity of Cold War 1950s. An epic odyssey of love, obsession, jealousy, hatred and betrayal as the lives of three ordinary people are changed by decisions and events beyond their control.
A Second in Time is available in print and as an eBook.




5

THE MOUNTAIN

1

The painting had been in the family for as long as Jane could remember. It was a scenic picture showing a snow covered mountain towering over a narrow road. It wasnt a particularly good picture and Jane has often wondered why her family had kept it so long.
As a child she had stood and stared at it even though it made her feel vaguely uncomfortable. Now she was an adult and the painting had been left to her. She reached up and took it off the wall. It was surprisingly heavy. It was also surprisingly clean. There was no dust on the painting at all unlike the rest of the room.
Intrigued she held the picture at arms length and stared at it. What was it about this picture that meant her parents had kept it so long? Now she had taken it off the wall she could see it more clearly. In the left hand corner there were some numbers. They were very faint and she could only just see them. They couldnt be seen at all when the picture was on the wall.
It was probably nothing but she was curious now so she stood the picture on the floor and took out her phone. She quickly took a photo of the numbers and then wrote them down - 438112. At least she thought thats what they were. She had no idea why she was doing this, but she might as well find out what the numbers meant. For some strange reason she had a feeling the numbers might be the reason they had kept the painting, although why they couldnt have just written them down and thrown the picture away was beyond her.
She picked up the painting and was about to put it back on the wall when something else caught her eye. On the right hand corner there were some small scratches. These were even more faint than the numbers and she almost dismissed them except there was a pattern to the scratches that made it unlikely they were random.
She took out her phone again and took a photo of the scratches. She would copy the photos to the computer when she got home and blow them up so she could get a better idea of what they were and check that she had the numbers right too.
As she replaced the painting on the wall she smiled wryly. Goodness knows what she was expecting to find, but at least concentrating on this took her mind of the sudden death of her father. Feeling the tears begin to form she hurriedly brushed them away, locked up the house and returned to her own flat a few streets away.

2

It was times like this she regretted not having children. She was still missing the companionship of her husband whod died two years previously. She would have loved to have had someone she could talk to, someone who could share her grief and also her curiosity about the painting. But there was no one. She had been an only child so there were no siblings she could bounce her ideas off, no one who felt the loss as deeply as she did. Her best friend was away on holiday so for the first time in ages she felt completely alone.
Sighing heavily she scolded herself crossly. Pull yourself together. Youve lived on your own for over two years now so stop feeling sorry for yourself.
Having given herself good advice she cooked herself some soup and switching on the TV, settled down to watch her favourite soap.

3

I dont believe it she stared at the door which had been broken open and rushed inside. Her father had only been buried yesterday and now some low life had broken in to his house. She could feel the anger boiling inside her.
If you could just check to see whats missing Mrs Grey. The policeman sounded bored so she took out her notebook and walked round. She had no idea whether she could remember everything that was in the house, but she would have to do the best she could.
She started upstairs and checked the open drawers, grateful she had taken her mothers jewellery and her fathers watch and wedding ring home the previous evening. There wasnt much else of value in the small terraced house other than the TV which had gone. To her amazement so had the painting.
Her first thought was that the thief obviously didnt have much taste if he thought it was going to be worth anything. But then she remembered the numbers and the strange scratches. Perhaps that was why the painting had been stolen.
Deciding her imagination was working overtime she pushed the thought to the back of her mind and concentrated on taking an inventory. She was relieved to find that her parents numerous photo albums were still there and she placed them in a box ready to take home with her that night. Of all the items in the house these were the most valuable. They held all her happy memories and they might also hold a clue to the painting. There was little else missing that she could see so she gave the policeman the list and, once he had gone, she phoned the locksmith to get a new lock fitted.

4

That night she spent some time enhancing the images on the computer. First she confirmed the numbers. She then turned her attention to the scratches. It took some time but eventually she realised they were letters. Intrigued she wrote them down. There were ten pairs in all. She could tell they were meant to be in pairs because of the way they were etched on the painting. DH; BN; CR; TK; LY; SS; FD; LR; TW; KR.
She sat back and stared at them. What on earth did they mean? She finally conceded defeat and, as it was still early, she decided to have a look through the photo albums.
She couldnt face the more recent ones so she started at the beginning. The first album contained pictures of her parents when they had first met, just before war was declared in 1939. She smiled at the pictures of her Mum who looked about 14 in the pictures and her Dad who looked very pleased with himself. The next photos were of their wedding in July 1942 just before Tom, her father, had been conscripted. He had joined the Rifle Brigade and been sent to North Africa. There were several grainy pictures of him in the desert and some of a group of men who she presumed were his friends. They all looked happy, although she couldnt imagine why when they were so far from home and facing death every day. But that was her parents generation she thought proudly. However hard it was you just got on with it.
As she worked her way through the album she realised that the sand and desert had now given way to green fields and mountains. She carefully removed one of the photos and on the back it stated Italy 1944. The rest of the album consisted of pictures of the same men she had seen earlier and more scenic views of mountains.
She was just about to put the album down when she frowned. One of the mountains looked vaguely familiar. She removed it carefully and scanned it into the computer. Once done she compared it to the photos she had taken of the painting. It was the same place, she was absolutely sure of that.
Knowing very little about Toms war Jane sat began searching the internet for information about the Italian Campaign. There were several books on the subject so she downloaded those that looked the most promising onto her phone. Maybe the answer to her questions was here. It was late now and she was very tired so she would read them later.

5

It was several days before she really had time to read. Fortunately she was used to reading quickly and very soon she had an idea of the kind of fighting her father would have been involved in. She also had a much better idea of the terrible atrocities committed on the Italian people by the Germans after they had surrendered. But what had intrigued her most were the stories of missing Italian artefacts, paintings and other valuable items, believed to have been stolen by the Germans, but of which no trace had been found.
Even though she told herself it was ridiculous she couldnt help her mind racing as she visualised a mountain cave full of missing Italian treasure. On the other hand if her father knew where all this missing treasure was why hadnt he gone back for it? And why would he have it in the first place? There were more questions than answers and the first thing she needed to do was to identify where the mountain was in Italy.

6

So do you definitely think thats where it is?
Unable to think of a way of identifying where it was Jane had joined some WW2 forums and asked whether anyone recognised the mountain. Shed had no replies at all for a few days and then suddenly, this evening, she had checked her emails and found a reply identifying the mountain. She immediately logged on and was now in conversation with someone across the other side of the world.
The reply came back almost instantly
Absolutely. There was a big battle there. Lots of men died, including some of my friends. The Germans were dug in so well that we had a hell of a job dislodging them.
Thank you very much. Its very much appreciated Jane responded and logged out. At least now she had a location. The mountain was located near Florence. As she thought that she suddenly realised what the numbers were. They were longitude and latitude numbers, of course. Just to make sure she used the search engine which confirmed her theory.
Now she just had to work out what the letters meant.

7

The flight was quite short and Jane was soon stepping out into the Florence sunshine. She had bought a weekend break ticket and was intending to spend her time in the mountains. She fought hard to stem the rising tide of excitement and to ignore her fertile imagination which visualised her finding loads of missing treasures.
She went to the hotel first, dropped off her suitcase and then found a taxi to take her up to the mountain. She had discovered that it was several miles outside the city and she sat back expectantly. The taxi sped through the city and was soon outside on the twisting roads and for the first time Jane appreciated how difficult it must have been for the Allies. The Germans had plenty of time to dig their defences as the Allies crawled up the spine of Italy. The country was built for defence, not attack and she now understood why there were so many casualties.
So why you want to see the mountain? the taxi driver was curious
My father fought here during the war she replied
Ahh. Big battle here, many English and American killed. Your father?
No never talked about it. Jane hesitated wondering how much to say He died recently and I found some pictures she finished
The taxi driver nodded and there was silence until he said loudly
Look there it is
Jane looked out of her window and saw the mountain rising majestically out of the road, its peaks covered in snow just like they were in the painting. But she could see no way of getting any closer to it. The mountain sides were sheer with a few shrubs hanging precariously to the odd narrow ledge. There was no sign of any cave entrance or even any way of getting up there to look.
Can you climb up it anywhere? she asked
The taxi driver shook his head.
No, its not possible to climb up anywhere. Why would you want to? he asked mystified
I just thought I could see where my father fought better if I was higher up Jane replied hoping this made sense.
Ah the taxi driver nodded I show you where the battle was. And he drove off before Jane could answer.
A mile further down the road they came across a large cemetery.
Here you will find the graves of those who fought here the taxi driver indicated and Jane climbed slowly out of the car. This wasnt really what she was looking for but she didnt know how to say so without either offending the driver or making him suspicious.
Her first thought was how many graves there were. Idly she began reading them, Douglas Henderson Rifle Brigade aged 22 died September 1944; Thomas King Rifle Brigade aged 24 died September 1944; Steven Saunders Rifle Brigade aged 21 died September 1944; Christopher Riley Rifle Brigade aged 23 died 1944. So young. She wondered if her father knew any of these men and then went cold. She pulled out her phone and looked for the photo of the letters DH; BN; CR; TK; LY;SS;FD;LR;TW;KR.
DH could be Douglas Henderson, CR Christopher Riley. She quickly worked her way through the letters and after a few moments of looking managed to identify all the letters as the initials of the men who died on that one day in September 1944.
The painting was a memorial to her fathers friends who died on that day.

8

Once back at the hotel Jane set up her laptop and logged on to the WW2 forum. First she thanked the man whod been so helpful then she explained that her father, Tom Atkins, had died and left behind a memorial to his friends whod died on that day in September 1944. She followed it with a list of the names in the hope that someone might recognise them. She added photos of the cemetery and the painting and finished with her email address in case any surviving relatives wanted to get in touch.

9

Back home two days later, she was delighted to receive a visit from the police. Theyd arrested a local man for the burglary and recovered the painting. However the TV had gone. Jane thanked them and brought the painting into her living room. She found she was smiling as she gave it pride of place in the small room. Who would believe that the painting she had always disliked should have become so important to her.
But that was not the end of the surprises. That night she received an email from the son of Christopher Riley.

Dear Mrs Grey I was absolutely overwhelmed to see my fathers name on the forum. My mother had told me hardly anything about my father other than that he had been killed in Italy. She didnt even have any photos, not even a wedding photo which surprised me. I have a feeling they werent married which would have been frowned on in those days so she never talked about him. I never knew how to contact his family either so I suppose they didnt know about me either.
I knew my father, her husband, wasnt my real father, but that was all. He was very good to me by the way, always treated me as if I was his own, but I had always wondered about my real father.
I always intended to do something about looking for him but you know what its like, life got in the way. When my wife died a few months ago I joined this forum in the hope of finding something about me but I never really expected to succeed.
Could I ask if you have any photos of him, my father I mean?

Yours sincerely

Frank Riley

Jane smiled and, after carefully removing them  from the album, she began scanning them into the computer. She had no idea which one was Christopher Riley, but she knew he was there because her father had helpfully put all the initials on the back of the photo. But she had no idea whether they were in the right order.

Dear Frank

I am so pleased to hear from you. Ive attached some photos and the backs where my father has put their initials. Unfortunately I have no idea whether they are in the right order. Perhaps, if you recognise him, you could let me know. I know you have never seen a photo of him but there may be similarities between the two of you.

Best wishes

Jane

As she pressed send she wondered which one was his father and smiled to herself. It was nice to make new friends, especially ones out of the blue.

Dear Jane

Thank you so much for these. I think Ive found him. Hes the third from the left on the attached photo. I look very much like him or at least I did when I was young
I cant thank you enough for this. I hope you wont think me too presumptuous but could I possibly take you out to dinner to say thank you? Im not sure where you  live but as long as its not the north of Scotland Id be happy to travel to you. I live in Colchester by the way.

Yours

Frank

Jane read his next email with a big smile on her face. She had a strange feeling about this. It was the same feeling shed had when shed met Ted, her husband, all those years ago. Shed known then that he was the one for her. She also couldnt believe how close they lived.

Dear Frank

I am so please youve found him. Isnt this amazing? To think a few weeks ago neither of us was aware of anything our fathers had been through and we didnt even know each other existed. The crazy thing is I didnt even like the painting and couldnt understand why they had kept it so long. Now it is one of my most precious possessions.

And no I dont think its presumptuous and I would love to have dinner with you. There are so many things we have to talk about. I live in Southend by the way, so not that far.

Best wishes

Jane

As she pressed send Jane felt happier than she had for a long time. She looked up at the painting on the wall and said softly. Thanks Dad.
Forty miles away Frank read her email and smiled. He was delighted to find she lived so close by. He couldnt wait to meet this lady whod come into his life at just the right time. He felt sure his instincts were right and that she would be in his life for a long time to come. 


The End





The Italian Campaign is often described as the forgotten campaign as all attention is focused on D-Day and the battle in France. But the Italian Campaign was as hard fought as any other. The country was designed for defence and the Germans made the most of it. Much of the fighting was done in conditions resembling those of the Great War.

A Battle Too Far tells the true story of Rifleman Henry Taylor 6923581, late 7th Battalion The Rifle(1stBattalion London Rifle Brigade). 
Henrys war began in October 1942 as the 2nd Battle of El Alamein commenced and continued almost non-stop for the next three years.Through Tunisia, Italy and Austria the 8th Armyfought on,their campaigns often forgotten as the world concentrated on northern Europe and the D Day invasion.
Inch by inch they fought their way norththrough Italy against determined, well dug-in defenders, in conditions often resembling the trenches of WW1.Their reward? To be called D Day Dodgers despite enduring some of the heaviest fighting of the war. 
This book is a tribute to Henry and all those other D-Day Dodgers whose hard fought campaigns and battles are rarely remembered or spoken about.
A Battle Too Far is due to be published by Pen & Sword in late 2013.




6
THE OAK TREE
1
Ill be with you in a moment Sandra spoke automatically as she finished typing the end of the sentence. There was no reply so she looked up. There was no one there. A shiver went down her spine. It was the third time this week it had happened. Each time she was convinced someone had been standing in front of her desk. She had heard them breathing, seen their shadow and felt their presence and yet every time she looked up there was no one there.
Although she had only been working there for a few weeks she had already heard the rumours that the building was supposed to be haunted. When they had told her she had laughed, surprised that such tough young men could really believe in ghosts. This was a military camp after all, not the first place youd expect to be haunted.
Perhaps someone was playing a joke on her. That would have been much more in keeping with the military ethos than ghosts and spooky goings on. She smiled to herself, relieved she had found an explanation. Feeling better she resolved to catch them next time and then they could all laugh about it.
Crash!
Sandra jumped several inches out of her chair. The large pile of files, stacked carefully in her in-tray had somehow fallen onto the floor. Her heart was pounding as her mind frantically searched for a logical explanation. There wasnt one, at least not one she could see.
Everything alright? Frank stood in the doorway looking concerned at the petrified expression on her face.
Trying to pull herself together she nodded shakily Yes, Im fine, the files fell off my desk, just made me jump she said hastily, not wanting him to see just how scared she was.
Not seen the ghost then? he asked, his face breaking into a smile.
Sandra looked at him suspiciously. Was he making fun of her? No, he seemed perfectly genuine, so she relaxed slightly.
Of course not. I dont believe in ghosts she added as she crossed her fingers behind her back.
Thats alright then. The last clerk was convinced someone was watching her all the time. He hesitated and then continued It can be quite strange working here. I think its probably something to do with the building, you know, the way its laid out and the fact that its so quiet.
Sandra nodded
Yes, I guess it could be a bit scary if you were in here on your own. But I know youre all around so. She tailed off not sure what else to say that wouldnt be an admission that shed started to imagine things too.
Good, well Im just next door so shout if you need me he smiled again and left her alone.
For a moment she stood, rooted to the spot, then taking a deep breath she bent down and picked up the files, replacing them carefully back in the in-tray. As she replaced the last one something fluttered to the floor. Looking down she saw a large white feather lying on the floor. She glanced round, expecting to see someone standing there laughing, but she was alone. She picked up the feather and placed it on her desk and then stood looking at it as if waiting for it to do something.
Nothing happened and, admonishing herself not to be so stupid, she dropped it quickly in the waste paper basket.
Help me please
She spun round, the room was empty. Determined to catch whoever was trying to frighten her she rushed to the door and looked out in the corridor. There was no sign of life, in fact there was no corridor. She was standing outside in thick snow looking at a row of Nissan huts.

2

You want something Schulz? Hans jumped. He had been unaware that anyone else was there. Hed thought he was alone with his thoughts. Just having a smoke he replied nervously, lowering his eyes. There was a long silence during which Hans took another puff of his tiny roll up and watched the man through lowered eyes. He was tall and well built, his hair a tousled blonde, his eyes a cold blue that seemed to look right through him.
Although hed only been in the camp a few days hed already heard rumours about the strong Nazi contingent that ruled in here with a rod of iron. The Tommies might think they were in charge, but like most of the other Germans he knew that when it came down to it the Nazis were still running the place.
You sure about that? the voice was menacing and Hans shivered at the underlying threat that punctuated those few words.
Do you want one? he asked willing his voice not to betray his nervousness, but the man shook his head.
Best get inside boy if you know whats good for you.
Hans quickly stamped out his half smoked cigarette in the frozen snow under his feet and nodded.
Night then he said hurrying off to his own hut which was several feet away. There was no reply and he didnt dare to look back.
His hut was full of men trying their best to keep warm. It was December 1945 and Hans, like most of them, couldnt wait to go back home to his family. He had been captured at the end of June 1944 as the Allies secured the beachhead and began their liberation of France. He had been surprised by just how well he had been treated, but then he wasnt a dyed in the wool Nazi like some of them. He was a conscript from a family who secretly opposed Hitler and the war. Of course it didnt do to say so. If asked by one of the Germans he was as patriotic as the rest, but inside he knew he hated them for what they had done to his country.
Although the war had finished months ago they still werent allowed to go home. As the war had drawn to a close the camp had filled up even more with German POWs from all over the world. The problem was that the camp had now become a transit camp with everyone being interrogated to make sure they werent Nazis. He didnt mind the questioning, he had nothing to hide. But some of the men in here did and they would do anything to conceal their identities. It was these men that were poisoning the atmosphere of the camp.
The door swung open and a man fell in. His clothes were covered in snow and his face and hands were covered in cuts and bruises and blood was pouring from his nose. Hans resisted the impulse to go to the mans aid. He knew whod done this just as surely if hed seen it with his own eyes, but he couldnt say anything. Theyd kill him. Feeling sick to his stomach he climbed on his bed, lay down and pulled the thin blanket over his head in an attempt to block out the noises around him. He closed his eyes tightly and began praying softly, praying for his family, praying he would survive to go back home and praying for the courage to stop the terrible things that were going on in Camp 186.

3

Sandra blinked in disbelief. The huts disappeared and she was back in the warm corridor. In the background she could hear the sounds of people typing on keyboards and the faint sound of music coming from a radio. She leant back against the door frame, half afraid it would disappear, but it was solid. She closed her eyes and then opened them again. She was still in the corridor.
Shaking her head she went back in her office. She was convinced she wasnt imagining it, she had been standing in what looked like a POW camp. But it was full of German prisoners, not British. She had even seen the Swastika scrawled on the side of one of the huts before it had all vanished.
You look like youve seen a ghost? the voice was friendly, a member of staff she hadnt yet met.
I think I have she replied shakily, not caring if he thought she was mad.
He raised an eyebrow but didnt laugh. Instead he waited for her to continue.
Youre going to think Im mad she said starting to feel embarrassed but I heard someone saying help me please so I rushed out of the office and the corridor had vanished. I was standing in what looked like a POW camp, you know like one of those in the Second World War. But it wasnt full of British prisoners. It seemed to be German POWs. I saw a Swastika scrawled across the side of one of the huts. She tailed off expecting him to laugh but he didnt.
This place used to be a German POW camp in the war. Camp 186 it was called. He said thoughtfully. This building is supposed to be haunted, lots of people have reported strange things in here, including me he smiled but no one has ever seen the old camp before.
Sandra looked at him in astonishment You dont think I really saw it do you?
He shrugged Maybe. Perhaps more importantly why did you see it?
Sandra looked puzzled and he explained.
Most of the other occurrences have been things like lights going on and off, noises, voices, keys thrown on a desk but they all sounded quite modern. If youre seeing something from that far back I wonder why.
Sandra was speechless. Shed expected him to talk her out of it or even to make fun of her, not to have a rational discussion about it. Seeing her confusion he smiled and held out his hand
Im sorry, I havent introduced myself. Im Mike Campbell, the Padre here.
Sandra, Sandra Appleton, the new admin clerk. She took his hand and shook it. So do you believe in all that? she waved her hand around vaguely and he laughed.
Definitely. It goes with the job. Im also a historian so I read quite a lot about the history of this place before I came here. Camp 186 held a lot of Nazis, especially after the war had finished. They came here in transit from camps all over the world. They were interrogated to decide if they were war criminals or not.
Oh Sandra didnt really know what to say. She did feel better though and was about to say so when Mike spoke.
Are you doing anything tonight?
Sandra shook her head
How about dinner then? I know a nice little pub that cooks really good food.
Id love to Sandra replied, suddenly feeling happier than she had since shed moved to Colchester, three weeks ago, to take up her new job.
Not married or anything then? he asked suddenly Sorry, should probably have asked that first. He added sounding slightly embarrassed.
No, Im on my own Sandra responded and for the first time since her messy divorce she felt happy to say it.
Ill pick you up here at 1700 then?
Sandra nodded and sat down at her desk. The screen saver had come on so she put in her password and prepared to carry on with the document she had been typing before she had rushed outside. But as she looked at the document she sat back in shock, only just managing to stop herself crying out.
Typed across it several times in big bold letters were the words HELP ME PLEASE.

4

 You cant tell them Hans, theyll kill you, you know they will.
We cant let them carry on like this. Hans replied stubbornly The war is over, the Nazis are over, they just dont know it yet.
The two men were crouched nervously on the grass outside their own hut smoking. 
Im too scared Eric responded Well be able to go home soon, weve survived this long. Why get killed now?
Because thats how we got into this mess Hans replied angrily If wed stopped Hitler there would never have been a war. But we didnt because we were too scared.
Eric said nothing, he knew Hans was right, but he was all for not rocking the boat, not when they were so close to freedom. But looking at Hans face he knew he was wasting his time. He shook his head, stubbed out his cigarette and stood up. Sorry Hans, youre on your own.
Hans nodded Its alright Eric, Im scared too but I cant just sit back and watch anymore.
Engrossed in their conversation they had failed to notice the man standing a few feet away, shielded by the side of the hut. Karl Ritzer listened intently to their conversation and smiled. He knew how he could use it to his advantage.
He waited until it was nearly dark before making his way to the large hut at the far end. It was never very safe in this area of the camp. It was where all the true Nazis were and it was here that their biggest secret was being kept. The secret that Hans and Eric were about to tell the British about. He hated the Nazis too but they were German. What Hans and Eric were planning to do was treasonable. Just because they had lost the war there was no reason to stop being patriotic. No reason to get too friendly with the enemy. At least that was how he justified it to himself. In reality it was cold, there was not enough food, there were persistent rumours the Allies would reduce their rations even more and he intended to survive to get back home.
This part of the camp was where the Colonel lived although the Tommies had no idea who he was. They thought he was a Wehrmacht Colonel and as such treated him with a certain amount of respect. He shivered. Like the rest of the POWs hed heard rumours of the crimes this man had committed. Best to keep on the right side of him, not like those two idiots hed been listening to.
After explaining why he was there to the men acting as guards Karl was taken through the hut to the far end and allowed to speak to the Colonel. He was in his forties, his eyes grey and flat, they reminded him of dead fish. The Colonel smiled at him, but it felt like the smile of a shark waiting to pounce on its prey and Karl nearly wet himself. The whole area felt cold too, the atmosphere chilled with menace and evil. He quickly told him what he had heard, grabbed his reward, some extra food and cigarettes and left.
It was completely dark as he left the hut so he failed to notice the two men behind him until it was too late.

5

Sandra sat up suddenly the words NO forming on her lips. She was fully awake and she looked round the room in terror. There was no one there, she was on her own. It had been a dream, just a bad dream. But somehow it didnt seem like a bad dream. Shed felt almost as if she had been watching something from a distance and that she had watched it for a reason. But she had no idea what the reason was.
It was no good, she was wide awake. The clock said 03.30, much too early to get up but she was scared to go back to sleep in case she had the dream again. Perhaps she should make herself a cup of tea. She went into the small kitchen and put the kettle on and then it struck her. Hans was the person who had asked for help. She shook her head at her stupidity. How could he possibly be the same person that had asked for help. He was in her dream, he wasnt at work.
But he was a German POW in a POW camp the voice in her voice reminded her. She froze and then shook her head again. Probably pure coincidence. Shed dreamt about POWs because of what had happened at work, nothing more.
She drank her tea and thought back over the meal she had enjoyed with Mike the previous evening. He had been good company and she had said good night with a certain amount of reluctance. She wished she could call him up and tell him about this but that would make her seem very needy, like one of his parishioners (did army Padres have parishioners she wondered) and for some reason she didnt want him to feel like that about her.
Feeling a lot better she went back to bed and fell into a deep sleep.

6

The hut door burst open and the guards burst in
Everybody outside now!
Hans did as he was told wondering what was going on. It was still dark so it couldnt be morning. Perhaps it was a search or someone had tried to escape.
Outside they were lined up and counted and then the Camp Commandant came out to speak to them.
Weve just found the body of one of your men. He nodded to the guards who bought out the body and laid it in front of the waiting men. There was a collective gasp. The mans face had been beaten to a pulp, his shirt was open and a Swastika had been carved into his chest, the dried blood glistening in the torchlight.
Hand over the murderer by 1800hrs or we will introduce sanctions. The Commandant walked off leaving the men standing in sullen silence. After several minutes they were dismissed and Hans and Eric began to walk back to their hut.
A moment Shulz, you too Kaufman the authoritative voice bought them to an abrupt halt. They turned round to find themselves surrounded by several Nazis from the far end of the camp.
Despite the cold morning Hans could feel the sweat begin to trickle down his back. His heart was pounding and he looked frantically around for some means of escape. There was none. The men had closed in on them both, surrounding them and leaving them no option but to walk with them to the Nazi end of the camp.
What do you want? Hans tried to still his fear but it was there in his voice, hoarse and trembling. There was no answer and his fear grew.
The Colonel was waiting when they arrived at the end hut and Hans suddenly knew that he would not be going home. Somehow the Colonel knew what he had been planning to do. It was too late to struggle and anyway, he would not give them the satisfaction of seeing him grovel to them for his life.

7

I had the strangest dream last night Sandra began almost as soon as Mike sat down. She quickly related the details of the dream and waited for him to respond.
What do you think it means? Do you think it is connected?
Yes he replied slowly. He frowned, trying to remember. There was a murder the Christmas after the war finished and two men were found hanging afterwards. The POWs swore theyd hung themselves in remorse for killing one of their own comrades and that was the end of it. Im not sure where theyre buried he added as an afterthought. But Sandra had gone pale.
Do you think it was the two men in my dream, the ones that were found hanged?
Its possible he replied thoughtfully. Perhaps the reason he is haunting you is because he wants his story told. He wants to prove his innocence.
Sandra shivered But how can I do that?
Mike was quiet for a few moments then Perhaps we should start by trying and find out who the mysterious Colonel was and whether he was ever unmasked as anyone else.
He stood up suddenly Ill go and see what I can find out. Are you alright on your own here?
Sandra nodded Yes. The sooner we find out what they want the sooner hell be able to rest in peace.

8

Do we have any idea why they would hang themselves?
The young British soldier shook his head. Ive gotten to know Hans Schulz quite well over the past few months and Im sure he wasnt the suicidal type. Looks like signs of a struggle too sir. He added pointing to the scuff marks on the frozen ground and the faint bruising on the mans wrists. I didnt know the other man very well, but who commits suicide in pairs? he sounded incredulous.
I agree. The officer spoke thoughtfully, Unfortunately I dont really have the resources or the time to investigate. The intelligence bods think there are a few SS men hiding in here and I need to concentrate on finding them. He stood for a further few moments and then made a decision.
Cut them down and take them to the medical block. Send their Senior Officer in to see me.
The soldier saluted and the mens bodies were cut down and taken away.
Do you have any idea why these men would have hung themselves? the officer fixed the Colonel with a piercing stare.
I expect they were just homesick, you know, the war is over and they are still prisoners. The Colonel replied sarcastically in heavily accented English.
The officer looked at him in silence for several moments. There was something about this man he really didnt like.
What would you like us to do with the bodies? he asked
The Colonel shrugged and didnt answer. His disinterest was so obvious that for a few moments the officer wondered if he knew more than he was saying. But he was unlikely to say more so he sighed and dismissed him.
After he had left the office he turned to his junior. Im beginning to think that man is SS, not Wehrmacht as he claims. Perhaps that young Jewish intelligence officer is right after all. Lets hope they can prove it. Oh well a trip to the cage should help.
The junior officer was new so he explained The cage is one of the most feared interrogation centres in the country. Its in London and the Colonel is due to be taken there later today, although he doesnt know it of course. He turned his attention back to the bodies of the two men.
See theyre buried and letters written to their families saying theyve died of illness, something like that. No point upsetting people unnecessarily. The junior officer saluted and went to arrange the burial detail.

9

The Colonel wasnt a Colonel at all. He was an SS Major whose speciality was flogging women in the concentration camp in which he was second in command. As the Russians approached he had somehow managed to escape dressed as a Wehrmacht Colonel. When he arrived at Camp 186 he recognised some of the other SS guards, also pretending to be ordinary soldiers. It was they who were protecting him.
Mike stopped and the members of staff seated in the small office waited expectantly. Mike continued
His identity seems to have been common knowledge in the camp and that was the secret Hans and Eric were threatening to disclose to the British authorities. The man who was killed, Karl Ritzer, was murdered to stop him talking. They presumed that if he had talked just for a few cigarettes and some extra food he couldnt be trusted to keep the secret. They also murdered him as an example to the other men to keep quiet. But then they decided the easiest way to get rid of Hans and Eric was to hang them, pretending theyd committed suicide in remorse. That way theyd got rid of all the threats in one go. They also rightly assumed that the British wouldnt bother to investigate too thoroughly.
As it happened they might as well not have bothered. They discovered his identity and those of his henchmen within days of the murders. They were all eventually hung for war crimes at Nuremburg.
So why did it all happen down here? Why not on the Company Lines or in the rest of the camp?
Sandra looked at Mike and smiled
We couldnt understand that either, but we think they may be buried under the oak tree. It wasnt there of course then. It was planted afterwards.
Instinctively they all looked outside at the oak tree standing tall and majestic in the spring sunshine. The branches swayed gently with the breeze and just for a moment Sandra thought she saw a face. It was the face of a young man and he was smiling at her.

The End




The Oak Tree is something of a landmark in the Military Corrective Training Centre (MCTC) in Colchester. It was outside the Commandants Office and was often where the staff and trainees would wait if they were in trouble.
As with many old buildings, especially those with such a chequered history the MCTC is also said to be haunted with several sightings and unexplained happenings.

Military Detention Colchester From 1947
Voices from the Glasshouse.

From a German POW camp to HM Forces only remaining detention centre, the mere mention of Colly struck fear into the hearts of thousands of servicemen over the years.
But what was it really like behind the forbidding barbed wire in those ancient Nissan Huts? How much has it changed since 1947?
Written in the words of those who were there, from the 1940s through to the present day, Commandants, Members of Staff, Detainees, Military Escorts, Padresand visitors have shared their own experiences to create a unique history that sheds light on an almost unknown area of military life.
At turns funny, sad and sometimes surprising, the accounts show how much the Military Corrective Training Centre (MCTC) and the idea of military detention has evolved.
Military Detention Colchester From 1947 -Voices from the Glasshouse is due to be published by Pen & Sword in 2014



ABOUT THE AUTHOR


Carole McEntee-Taylor works in the Military Corrective Training Centre in Colchester, advising and helping those leaving HM Forces find accommodation. She has also written a free short story called Slipping Through The Tracks to raise awareness of just how easy it is for veterans with PTSD to slip through the welfare net. This can be read on Caroles website www.carolemct@talktalk.net
Carole lives in NE Essex with her husband David, who also works in Colchester Garrison.
