War's End

Solomon Stryker Series Book #1

By:
Terry W. Manning

SMASHWORDS EDITION


PUBLISHED BY:
Terry W. Manning on Smashwords


EDITED BY
Scott W. Manning

War's End
Copyright  2013 by Terry W. Manning


Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes; provided the book remains in its complete original form, with the exception of quotes used in reviews.
Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated.
This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the authors imagination.


Terry W. Manning is an American author
He resides in Kingsport, TN. All Words and
Slang is used in American English.



There will soon be other titles by
Terry W. Manning at smashwords.com


Stryker Series

War's End: A Solomon Stryker Series -2013 (Book #1)

Strykers Move - November 2013 (Book #2)

Shalom Stryker -2014 (Book #3)


Fallons Land - 2013


The Upcoming Knights Series

The Knights of Rome -2014

The Quest of Peter and Paul -2014

The Knights End  2014

WARS END

A Solomon Stryker Series



DEDICATION PAGE

I would like to dedicate this book to my wife, Robbin, who had to endure some quiet days and evenings while I hammered on this keyboard. Also for my sons, Jeremy and Jerrod, who my wife and I watched grow into men way too soon. Also for my precious Daughter in Law, Chandra, who works hard every day to help others who are in need! I cannot forget my six Grandchildren, who always make their Grandpa and Grandma remember every day that it was good to be young!
I Love You All

I hope you enjoy reading this story as much as I enjoyed writing it.

War's End

Visit My Blog at http://terrywmanning.blogspot.com/


Prologue
She sat there all alone in one of the booths; surrounded by polished brass rails, and the softest Italian full grain leather that money could buy. Her looks told everyone if she wasnt a model, she should have been one. Her beauty was astonishing! She appeared to be deep in thought.
This woman was no pushover. Any who thought she was, would likely find out quickly, and sometimes painfully, just how strong she is. Her hair was strawberry blonde. Her skin held a perfect tan; just enough to give her that smooth, beach look. She was definitely beautiful.
She had been sitting there for quite a while, just nursing her Sam Adams Light. Something was obviously on her mind. She was not looking at her watch, as if waiting for someone. No, waiting for someone did not fit her. No man would dare keep this woman waiting! She was either deep in thought, or casing the joint.
I was sitting at a vantage point where I could monitor her behavior. Even while I was finalizing a contract with my new client, my mind and eyes kept wandering to the beautiful woman, now this, in itself was unusual for me. I had trained hard all my life to be extremely meticulous and focused. The nature of my business requires that I make no mistakes. My mistakes usually meant the wrong people would die, which is not acceptable
After my client and I had concluded our business, I promised him that, we would be in touch later. I put all of my paperwork together; placed it in my briefcase, locked it and then walked over to the bar and asked Andy, the bartender, to place my briefcase behind the bar for safekeeping.
Making my way over to the woman, I simply asked her, Pardon me, but I have been observing you for the last few minutes. I noticed that you seem to have something troubling you. Is there anything I can do for you, or perhaps something I can help you with?
Much to my surprise, instead of a smile, anger exploded from her as she sneered, You have got to be kidding me! Thats the best line you can come up with? I felt the anger rising up in me! Though I was considering a harsh retort to her words, I remained calm. I had faced worse things in my 26 years and I had never let them get the best of me. She certainly would not see the bad side of me, no matter how much of an ass she made of herself! I abruptly turned and walked away from her. Going back to the bar, I had Andy return my briefcase then left Wars End to finish my day.
War's End is an odd name for a bar and restaurant. Well, it just so happens, it is more than a name! Located in Clarksville, a military town, which sits on the border of Tennessee and Kentucky, it is one of the most magnificent bar and restaurant combinations you will find anywhere in the world.
Though the name itself represents brutality, there is nothing brutal about it. Decorated in mahogany wood trim as well as boasting a curved 20 seat cherry wood topped bar, it is magnificent and the restaurant consistently earns a five star rating. A place I could be proud of and a time I looked forward to so I named it, Wars End but its name actually represents peace.
Unlike my bar, a woman's beauty never impressed me as much as character does. While this woman easily possessed beauty, she failed miserably in character. I never looked back, but instead I put her out of my mind. I had quite a bit of work to do before I could call it a night. Insignificant pieces of information usually were set aside for a later date, to see if they were part of a puzzle I would solve when I had time available.
My thoughts were interrupted by Andy calling me on my cell phone and telling me that whatever transpired between the woman and me, must have made an impression on her! He said the woman had a complete look of shock on her face!
I smiled and chuckled quietly to myself as I drove down the road. Ah well. I was just trying to be nice and she would probably have ended up being a complication that I did not need. Once again, a man had underestimated the relentless pursuit of a woman!

Chapter 1
Never in my life had I ever had a man hit on me, using some weak line, and abruptly walk away! Men tended to fawn over me, seeking out my attention, which I usually found to be more than just a little sickening.
It usually shows desperation on their part. Did they think a woman didn't have a mind of her own? We are more than capable of deciding, on our own, whom we would like to talk to or get to know. We damn sure did not need a desperate or drunken man hitting on us!
Still, thinking back on the man, she could not understand why she had been so rude and abrupt with him. That was not like her! Taking a moment to remember what he said to her, she realized it really didnt feel like a pick up line. He had really seemed genuine in what he had said. She really had only been trying to take a vacation before she wrote, what would be the biggest story of her career and was not looking for companionship.
The man, who had spoke to her, was tremendously handsome! He was probably the most beautiful man she had ever seen. His suit was not an off the rack type. It had to have cost him a couple of thousand dollars at a good tailor. He had long flowing black hair, parted in the middle and hanging down slightly below his shoulders. His hair was so black; it had almost a blue hint to it. He had high cheekbones and a narrow, strong nose, with dark skin. There had to be a lot of Native American Indian in him. Yet, the most striking thing about him was his beautiful blue eyes! What do blue eyes and Native Americans possibly have in common? She could also tell by his figure that he was a powerful man and he must work out regularly. The man had to be at least 65 tall. He also walked with an air of conceit, nostrike that, he had an air of extreme confidence about him. He knew who he was and did not need others to tell him that.
The journalist in her knew that there was a story about him that she needed to look into and she would tell it! Her first step in her investigation of him was to find out who he was! A bar was usually a great place for information! She walked over to the bar, found a seat, and motioned for the bartender. Andy walked over to her and asked what she would like. She ordered another Sam Adams Light. When Andy brought her the bottle, she smiled and introduced herself to him, Hi, my name is Candace Austin. Im new around here and I was wondering if you could answer a question for me?
Andy knew what that question was going to be. He could barely suppress a chuckle. And what would that question be? Andy asked, while he started wiping the bar surface. There was a gentleman who just left. We spoke, but unfortunately, he walked out before I could catch his name. You seemed friendly enough with him. Would you by any chance know his name? Andy sighed, Miss Austin, what do you do for a living?
Candace did not know what to make of his question and what it had to do with anything. What does what I do for a living have to do with my question? Well. explained Andy Around here, we are very protective of our regulars, especially when it comes to giving out information to strangers. Who knows, you could be the IRS, a private investigator or God knows what! Who knows what type of person or organization they belong to or may be associated with? In addition, how do I know if you are going to become a problem for them? Thats why we are very careful about the information we give out.
Well, Im none of the above! If you remember, he approached me, not the other way around! Candace said, slightly peeved. Andy thought about it for a minute and wondered if his boss would want him to give out his name to this woman. He then decided he would give her his name, and as usual, nothing else. Andy was fully aware the regulars would not give her any information at all.
His name is Solomon Stryker. Solomon Stryker? Somewhere in the back of her mind, that name sounded familiar, but she could not nail it down. She now had to try for more information. Do you know what he does for a living? asked Candace. Lady you said you had a question. That allows you only one question. Maybe that was too much. If you would like something to eat or drink, then I will be glad to help you. If you are finished, then I suggest you pay your tab and be on your way! Andy said, cutting off any chance she had to ask for further conversation.
Damn, thought Candace. She wondered if all the customers at War's End received this rude treatment! This kind of response made a journalist instincts kick in high gear! That she was a journalist was not something she had shared with him!
Candace, just let his last comment pass, paid her tab and left. As she headed out to her car, she knew she had homework to do on her laptop, when she returned to her hotel room. Who this mysterious Solomon Stryker is; she was determined to find out as much as possible about what his story might be! When Candace Austin left War's End, Andy went into the back, inserted a special key into a slot, and rode an elevator up to the second floor.
Andy walked over to a wall, and pressed a preset spot on the wall. An iris and palm scanner came out. Once given access, a door slid open. Andy stepped in and the door slid quietly closed behind him. Andy logged in on his computer and brought up a screen that said Stryker Security and Investigative Services.
Andy chose an Icon that was for Potential Watch List and entered Candace Austins information and the questions she had asked. Candace Austin was immediately under the watchful eyes and ears of Stryker Security monitoring division and agents would be on their way to wherever she was staying. Candace Austin was now a person of interest, and was not even aware that she had inadvertently become the interest of the worlds most watchful eyes!

Chapter 2
Stryker drove his custom jet black Chevrolet Camaro SS into his private underground parking garage. Stryker had quite a bit of aftermarket work performed on his Camaro, including a full car hidden roll cage, a ramped up suspension and rack and pinion steering, 6 speed manual transmission, twin Nitrous Oxide boost tanks, armor side, front, rear and bottom panels, bullet proof glass as well as a 500 horsepower of a powerhouse under the hood. It had dark tinted windows and a license plate that read STRYKER 1.
Stryker felt quite secure in knowing this car could get him where he needed to be quickly, or get him out of a jam in a hurry. Inside the trunk, under the panel where the spare would go, was an armament of various assault rifles, shot guns, pistols, and ammo. The Camaro was his favorite car, above the other cars or motorcycles in his garage, well; maybe the Ford Shelby Mustang came in a close second.
Stryker got out of his car and closed the door. There was no need to lock it. His private garage was like Fort Knox. Even if you could break in there, you would set off security alarms that would show up at all of his businesses. The garage would completely seal itself with three-inch steel doors at every entry and exit point.
If that was not enough, then you had to be prepared to deal with the Halon gas, which robs the air of oxygen, knocking you on your ass. The automatic alarm would have one of his Commando teams in place in minutes. One way or the other, you were totally screwed.
Stryker walked over to his private elevator door, inserted his keycard and the elevator doors opened up, allowing him to get in and ride three stories up to his main home. To look at it from the outside, his building would appear to be just a large, stylish brick, multi level high rent office building. The difference from the normal building would be the ten-foot fence encased in razor wire, which surrounded the complex. If that didnt catch your eye, security guards with body armor and M-16 assault rifles, holding the leashes of highly trained and aggressive Rottweilers, added to the aura of high security!
That should be enough to catch anyones interest and discourage any attempt to break in! The first floor was his main office, employee cafeteria, and childcare center. The second floor was a complete gym, designed by Stryker, as well as home to his security-monitoring center. His private residence took up the complete third floor.
Underground, covering the entire complex was a secure area called the bunker. In case something should occur that would require his staff and families to enter and keep them safe. It also contained his main vault, which contained highly confidential files and any assortment of needed or sought after items.
The sign out front was a simple, but informative sign: Stryker Security and Investigative Services. Stryker had worked hard to build his company and its reputation for getting the job done from modest beginnings to the worldwide business it had become. Stryker name and reputation was renowned worldwide. Stryker supplied security services beginning with personal services, all the way through military or mercenary services. Whatever a company or individual needed, Stryker Security and Investigative Services would accommodate you.
Each team was handpicked and trained to Strykers stringent and strict requirements and capabilities. Not just in training, but their diets were monitored to produce the highest physical endurances. Their training included learning to survive, and to live on what they could scrounge in different surroundings and situations.
The investigation side of Strykers business ranged from domestic marital problems, an unfaithful spouse usually, all the way to governmental investigations, foreign and domestic. Whatever was going on, inside America or in other countries, Strykers Investigative Services and his Security Monitoring services, were gathering intelligence 24 hours a day 365 days a year.
Stryker was strict but fair with everyone who worked for him. They knew he expected perfection and they gave it to him. Of course, they knew they were amply rewarded for their work, and felt pride that they passed strict and strenuous testing, meaning that they were selected by a standard that would put the CIA to shame. Strykers employees knew that every minute of their lives were under his harsh scrutiny.
Rumors of one employee, who had been leaking information for money, though true, remained unsubstantiated because that employee disappeared! Stryker did not expect anything from his employees that he himself did not meet and exceed. This started at an early age. He was a child prodigy. His mother had expected her son to leave his toys lying about and have to come behind him, pick them up and put them away, as all parents do for their little ones.
At four years of age, his parents started to see that they had a special son. His mother came by his room, where he had been playing with all of his toys earlier, and did a double take. His room was immaculate! She could not believe her eyes! She called her husband in to show him. He shrugged it off as a fluke.
Strykers mother decided to try something. She made a mess of his room. She messed up his bed and threw his toys everywhere. She snuck out of the room, went in the kitchen, and quietly whispered to her husband what she had done. An hour later, they both looked into their sons room and almost fainted. It was perfect again. His mother looked into the toy box and all of his toys were as he had placed them earlier.
At five years of age, his parents had his I.Q. tested and it was off the charts, genius level. Strykers I.Q. and knowledge grew as the years passed. He received his High School Diploma at twelve years of age. He earned his Doctorate at the University of Tennessees Forensic Science Program at sixteen. He graduated from Julliard, with honors, as a concert pianist at the age of 18. It was at this point, he disappointed his parents for the only time in his life. They aspired for him to go onto greater things, but Stryker had found his new callingthe military.
His goal was to excel at this as well. Over the years, he had physically developed his body to become rock hard muscle possessing the bull strength to back it up! Stryker found that his body and mind responded quickly to the militarys training, combined with the physical and dietary regimen that he had developed. He not only developed his body and mind quickly, but advanced through the ranks as well. Stryker was accepted to and excelled in the Special Forces division of the Army, and as a Colonel, led his team through one successful mission after another.  Stryker always made sure that all of his team members were on the transport, before he would board. His perfectionism was passed on to his team. That training led them to be great leaders of their own teams.
Strykers mind was developing the next stage in his life by starting his own security service. When his hitch was up, no matter how much pleading his superiors did, Stryker was ready to move on. Sadly, while he was serving in the military, his parents died in a car crash. The crash still haunts him to this day. The official report stated the crash resulted because his father's blood level was three times the legal limit! That is where the problem with the story began. The official report clashed with what Stryker knew! Neither of his parents would touch alcohol!
Strykers belief was that his parents death was staged to cover their murder! He was devastated with their deaths! He was an only child who was now alone. Even though his parents had left him very wealthy through wise investments, he never overcame the loss when he thought of them. The disturbing part of their deaths was the secrecy of who he was and what his complete ancestry might be. There was no doubt he was part Native American, but of what tribe? His mother had a fair complexion, his father seemed to be a full-blooded Native American, but both of their family histories were surrounded in mystery! The knowledge he needed went with them to their graves. They would never talk about their past or allow it to be brought up in a discussion. He swore that one day he would unlock that secret!
It was if his parents had never existed before his birth. Stryker knew someone was thwarting his attempts to uncover the truth. The question was by whom and why? Why did the investigation into the car accident and his parents deaths end so quickly? One day he vowed, he would get to the bottom of this mystery.
Stryker learned early in life how to make his wealth grow with newer and wiser investments. His pride and joy was War's End. He gave it its name, because Stryker wanted diners to come in to either eat, or just sit at the bar and enjoy a drink, leaving behind the battles they fought in their daily life. He had the place designed to try to insulate people from the outside world. Soothing instrumental music played throughout War's End, allowing his patrons to relax. It gave him a great income, but seeing the enjoyment of his customers was worth more than money. Very few people were aware that his bartender, Andy, was a former Seal Team member. Andy had come to Strykers attention by one of Strykers Special Forces friends. After Andys discharge from the Navy, he had lost his way. He had become homeless and found his day starting and ending from the bottom of a bottle in a brown paper bag.
Stryker and his friend found Andy drunk and passed out in an alley. It broke Strykers heart to see one of Americas finest sink to this. Where was Andys country, when Andy needed them? Stryker would be damned if he would let this man become a statistic! Andy woke up the next day, and instead of being in the alley, he found himself in a nice, warm bed and somehow had taken a bath and had clean pajamas on! Andy at first thought he was experiencing a hallucination!
A few minutes later, Andy heard the sound of a door opening, and saw a man come through it. Instinctively he started backing away, but the man spoke to him in a very quiet voice. He said, My name is Solomon Stryker. I am here to bring you back from the hell you have lived in. You deserve better than a country that has forgotten you! I want to be your friend, and if you agree, I believe we can get you back on your feet. I offer you my help as a fellow veteran and a lifetime of friendship! Something in the mans voice caused, all of Andys past to come rushing in on him, and he broke down into sobs.  Stryker came over, sat next to Andy, put his arm around his shoulders, and held him until he regained his composure.
Six months later, with Strykers help the assistance of doctors and intense therapy, Andy had dried out. What now stood before Stryker was the once again proud Seal Team leader, Andy, reporting for duty! Stryker smiled when he thought of his friends transition. Andy had shocked Stryker, when he asked to be the bartender at War's End. Andy explained that he wanted to face his demon and smile as he kicked the shit out of it each day. At first hesitant, Stryker finally agreed and sent him to school for bartending. Stryker had arranged for someone to taste of all of Andys drinks, because he did not want the drinking demon to sneak up on him. Andy had coffee going all the time, power drinks and water for his personal beverages. Andy had not only become a great bartender and friend, but also Commander in one of Strykers elite teams.
Stryker had built a second floor in Wars End that he turned into Andys private residence. The darkened mirror wall in Andys home, not only gave Andy his privacy, but also allowed him to keep watch of Wars End and monitor all activity, without being seen.
Andys home also housed a security room that required iris and hand print identification to have access to it. This is where most of his secure meetings and interaction with Stryker and Stryker Security took place. Stryker knew everything about Andy, with Andy being one of the very few individuals that Stryker had confided in about his lifes story. Stryker had shown Andy a tattoo that he had on his right bicep. It was a dagger stabbing through a heart, which had a ribbon wrapping around it. On the ribbon the words read, Death Before Dishonor. Stryker told Andy that this was not just a tattoo, but also the firm belief in how he lived life that made such an impression on Andy, that he went out that day and had his right bicep tattooed with the same tattoo. Most of Strykers employees carried the same tattoo, knowing it meant that they were also part of an elite and honorable team!

Chapter 3
Stryker wished for a twenty-five hour day. The workload was almost too much. He knew he was going to have to delegate more to his staff, even if that meant increasing its size. He already had a few men and women in mind that were highly qualified to join his staff who would make great contributions as his businesses grew. After leaving the military, Stryker had left his hometown in Hickory, North Carolina and moved to Clarksville. He felt that Clarksville was more central to the country. It also placed him near the military base where Stryker had served. Fort Campbell Military Base in Fort Campbell, Kentucky was where Stryker had been part of the 5th Special Forces Division. By maintaining a close proximity to the base, Stryker could recruit staff from the Special Forces as well as the Airborne Division.
Stryker took off his suit coat and laid it across a chair. He removed his shoulder holster that held his beloved Kahr Arms Desert Eagle forty-four magnum handgun. It is one hell of a weapon to have in your arsenal and all of his employees carried one, if they proved that they could handle the kick and weight of it. If unable to use the Desert Eagle, his weapons chief would work with each employee and find the right weapon for him or her.
Everyone at Stryker Security and his other entities had to range qualify every month. Demotions happened, if found that your weapon was anything other than in pristine working condition. Stryker expected that everyones weapon, if needed, would never fail to protect them or to be there to fulfill their mission. Maintaining your weapon was a requirement drilled into everyone. Stryker allowed no exceptions!
Stryker got a wine glass, and a bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon. He turned on some classical jazz, found a comfortable spot on his sofa, and sat down. Stryker loved the quiet times. Rare as quiet was, they were great but lonely. Stryker had enjoyed a few short-term relationships in his life. It was not the fact that they were short that he enjoyed; most ended due to the women, being unable to deal with his schedule, the emotional distance he kept, or the secrecy about what he did or who he really was. No matter how they tried to get him to open up to them, he would never discuss his life. It made him one lonely person. When he was in a relationship, Stryker tried hard to make it work. It was not just for the sex, but also just someone to hold onto! Just to hold onto someone to make him feel human inside. He missed the companionship. Maybe someone would come along that could deal with his life and love him in spite of it.
After relaxing for a while, Stryker went to his secure room. The iris and palm readers folded out and verified him access. Once he walked in, the door closed and sealed behind him. It was set up to where no outside device could detect him inside, whether it was thermal imaging or sound detection, Nothing short of a massive bomb could penetrate the room. It was large enough for a cot and supplies that could last him for weeks if needed.
Stryker looked at all the live monitors in the room. They gave him real time Intel of where his teams were, and what was happening. He grabbed the stack of faxes from the machine and then opened up his secure e-mail account. Most of the information that he was looking at, had already been handled during his day. Stryker saw a new entry on the watch list. The entry was Candace Austinthe woman from the bar! That was interesting! He checked with the in house security situation room before calling it a night. Surprisingly, everything was calm. They reported that all teams were in a safe mode and would further update their status at 0600 hours. Stryker entered the new client information with instructions for his Chief Investigator, Andrew, to contact the client tomorrow and follow up with him. Stryker took every job seriously and expected no less from his staff. Stryker wished the staff a goodnight. No need to tell them to wake him, if needed him they would do so no matter what.
Stryker showered, brushed his teeth and then pulled the covers back on his king size bed. Before turning out the light, he picked up a picture of his parents, as he did every night. Stryker smiled at the picture and told his parents he missed and loved them. Stryker finally lay down and was almost asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.

Chapter 4
Candace Austin arrived at her room at the Holiday Inn Suites. She quickly strode over to the table in her room and opened up her laptop. As her laptop woke up, Candace thought about calling one of her editors first, but decided she would first do some background research on one Mr. Solomon Stryker. There was that little funny feeling at the back of her neck that she was really onto something! She did not mind the work. A story and results were all that mattered.
Any good journalist will tell you that ninety-five percent of any good story resulted from a lot of legwork and good research. The other five percent was the easy partdiscovering the story itself. Candace did the easiest step by entering Solomon Stryker in the search box on her Bing homepage. As she worked her way around all the links, she finally found a site that seemed hopeful. It opened up to reveal a picture of the man that she had spoken to in War's End. The difference was his hair was, as they refer to it in the military, up and tight.
An article about his achievements as a Colonel in Special Forces followed the picture of Stryker in a military uniform. The article spoke highly of Stryker and his accomplishments. No background information though. Oh well, this was just one link in a long list. Candace kept clicking on different links and many were on his military achievements. She came to one article that reported on the tragic loss of his parents. Though it spoke of his parents having perished in a car crash because of his father being intoxicated at the time of the wreck, there was no background information on them and Candace could not find a picture of them. That was odd. She entered their names as her search. Once again, date and time of the crash, location in North Carolina, drunk driving involved and that they left an only childSolomon, but nothing else. There were no relatives listed surviving his parents. No aunts, uncles, cousins, grandparents or siblings were in the obituary. What had they done? Did they just show up out of nowhere without the normal process of having parents? This was becoming more intriguing by the minute!
The one other item she found was an interesting article of a ribbon cutting ceremony, with Solomon Stryker. She saw various officials standing in front of a newly constructed business that was to become the main headquarters of Stryker Security and Investigative Services. The more she looked at the picture, the more she saw. Sure, there were the usual local politicians in the picture trying to be seen, but, in the background were men and women in dark clothes, sunglasses and the usual earpieces that you would associate with Secret Service agents. Candace kept scanning the web page. In reviewing the other pictures that were on the site, she found the people in black in every picture.
Hell, did the President show up for this ribbon cutting? She did not remember reading that George W. had been there! What did she just find?
Candace started searching for any background information on Stryker; and no matter how hard she searchednothing! No information was located! Hey, now damn it! Everybody had background information! It is as if someone had erased his past other than that associated with his parents accident, his military service, and the opening of his security service. Candace realized there were just too many gaps! Nobody just jumped from point A to point C, bypassing point B! Hmm, time to call in a favor! Candace picked up her iPhone and hit a preset number. The person on the end picked up and Candace could hear the sigh from him, And to what do I owe this pleasure? asked the voice on the other end. Candace ignored the dripping sarcasm in his tone and said, Shut up Al and listen. I may be on to a real story here! I am investigating an individual and have found very little information to go on. There is no background information and there are too many gaps in his life! I cannot find anything to fill them in for me.
I need you to use your immense talents and those great ways you have to locate things and see what you can find. Candy, did you stop to think maybe theres nothing to find? asked Al. Candace was not up for the usual conversation they have and said, Im serious Al. Nobodys life is this spaced and generic. Humor me Al and just try it! Please? Ill owe you one! She heard Al chuckle and say, Do you know how many of those Ill owe you ones that you already owe me? You just keep stringing me along and never pay. Ill tell you what; just you and me for twenty four hours in a hotel room and room service! Al, you sure know how to smooth talk a girl! Never promise a woman what you cant deliver! Now listen up! Heres his name and see what you can find. Candace gave Al all of what she had discovered. Al chuckled, You dont know what you're missing gorgeous! Give me just a minute to plug that name into some of my special search sites.
Candace could hear Al typing on his keyboard in the background. Al said, Ok, lets see what weve gotholy shit, Candy! God, what have you done! Damn, I have red flags and warnings coming up everywhere! Shit, now I am looking at a Homeland Security warning to cease and desist and that I am to stand down immediately! Crap, youve just got me royally screwed! Candace heard strange clicking sounds come across her phone and then nothing! Uh oh, this isnt going to end well thought Candace. She immediately shut off her laptop and started throwing clothes in her suitcases. She needed to get out of here and quick!
About then her IPhone started ringing. It indicated an unknown caller! She hit the send button and meekly said, Hello? A very stern voice spoke to her, Ms. Austin, this is General Stilwell with Homeland Security. Please do not attempt to flee your room. Someone will be there very shortly to pick you up. Click. Call ended. No goodbye, have a nice evening or any other nicety. Just click. Then she heard the sirens in the distance. Candace sat down on her bed and waited for the inevitable knock at the door. She did not have to wait long. Crap!

Chapter 5
Stryker felt as if his head just hit the pillow when his alarm clock went off at 0500 hours. This was when he got up every morning. There was forty-five minutes in his gym working out to maintain his strength and to practice different martial arts moves every day. Then back up to his home to shower, shave and get dressed for the day. Today, Stryker chose black khakis as well as a black pull over v-neck shirt. Black socks and gleaming black boots came next. Straightening his hair from where he pulled on his shirt, Stryker looked in the mirror, satisfied at what he saw. He chose a waist/leg holster for his Desert Eagle forty-four magnum. Stryker took the elevator back down to the second floor and using the iris and palm scanner, he entered his security teams room. Very few of his staff looked up or noticed his entry. It was not due to disrespect on their part, but they felt safe in knowing that no one would be entering unless they were security cleared.
The work they were doing required their full attention. Some were sending supplies to teams in the theater, while others were supplying air support to teams taking fire. Some were answering calls of operatives who were doing investigations. Whatever their assignments were; it kept them busy. It would not be long until the day shift crew arrived.  Looking for Sally Lewis, his night shift Commanding Officer, he found her in the break room, getting a cup of espresso, the espresso machine was his gift to his teams for exemplary work last month.
Stryker walked up to her and smiled; Need a jolt to finish out the next hour? Sally took a big drink, smiled with a nod. He asked if anything had occurred during the night.  Sally said, Everything was moving smoothly along until we found a hacker trying their best to get information through Homeland Security, the IRS, Department of Defense, and the Army. We notified all agencies that a hack attempt occurred. We immediately put the hacker in a Terrorist Alert loop, not allowing them access to anything, and then showing the Homeland Security Stand down Screen. Within five minutes General Stilwell had the hacker and his accomplice in custody. Thats great news that they were able to take them down that quickly! said Stryker. What information were they trying to retrieve? The information that they were trying to retrieve was immediately designated as classified and oddly, was hid from our view. There was only one thing that I caught before our screens went blank, Sally said, still uncertain as to why Stryker was unable to view it.
Stryker picked up a Red phone that was directly connected to General Stilwell. Stryker wanted answers and wanted them now! His security teams dealt with the highest classified information out there. Sometimes, they dealt with classified information that did not even meet the Presidents eyes, allowing the President to have plausible deniability! Strykers team had access to all classified material. After allowing the phone to ring quite a few times, Stryker hung up. Evidently, the General had not arrived at the base yet,
Sally what was the information you saw? demanded Stryker. Sir if it is that classified, should I be discussing it with you? asked an apprehensive Sally. Sally, you have the highest clearance allowed to any officer. I have the highest clearance in the United States! Yes, by god, you are to inform me; NOW! That is an order! he commanded. Sally didnt let Strykers gruff manner intimidate her. They had danced this dance before with both laughing at jokes a short time later. The only thing I saw before the screens went dark wasSolomon Stryker Stryker started heading towards the door, when Sally called him back. Hey boss, I know youre pissed off, but we need to talk.  Can it not wait? asked Stryker. The look on Sallys face told him whatever she had on her mind, could not wait. Im sorry Sally. I always have time for my people. Stryker apologized. With that, they went in to the office and closed the door.

Chapter 6
Candace woke up. She felt nauseated and definitely disoriented. Where was she? Start with the last thing I remember! Yeah, that was the best place to start. Lets see, there was a knock at my hotel door and two giant men dressed in black were standing there. What was it they said? Better yet, who were they? She remembered screaming and putting up a fight! Go Candy! Her head was starting to hurt as she tried to remember the events from the night before! Was it nighttime or daytime? She couldnt see anything! Well, back to what had happened. Someone knocked on her door and, oh god, they were dressed all in black, had big guns and asked if she was Candace Austin. When she had said yes, they attempted to grab her. Candace started fighting them when there was a sudden sting to her neck and then nothing! Hey! They stuck a needle in my neck!
Candace stood up and started feeling her way around her room for a light switch. She couldnt find anything. She cried out as the shin of her right leg slammed into something hard. She grabbed her shin and rubbed it. Whatever she had hit had really hurt! Slowly she moved forward until she was able to feel what it was she had walked into. It was a sink! Oh, it was a sink/toilet combo. That is when it hit her! She was in a holding cell of some sort! This was really starting to get scary! She moved around until she found her bed again. She sat there and took in all of what had happened. Then a thought hit her; Al. Oh my god what had happened to Al? She decided to call out Als name to see if he were near her. Al, hey Al, can you hear me? It is Candy. Al, are you there? Are you okay? The lights quickly came on in her room. The blinding light required a few moments for her eyes to adjust. As her eyes adjusted, she started taking in her surroundings.
Ugh. She was in a plain white holding cell. All steel walls, no bars. The door was also a solid steel door with what appeared to be an opening, lower in the door, with what was apparently a door closed over it from the outside. That was where the probably slid the inmates food through. Where they slid an inmates food through? Was she now an inmate? She did not have to wait long to find out. She heard what sounded like keys rattling outside her door. Candace scrambled to the farthest point away from the door. She needed a weapon! Yeah, that is what she needed! Some type of a weapon to defend her against whoever was coming through the door! A quick look revealednothing to use as a weapon, unless a roll of toilet paper could easily hurt them. Damn! My luck still sucks!
The door opened and to her horror, the same two big goons, dressed in all black, came in after her. She started screaming, punching, and kicking, when they attempted to grab her! Then there was a slight sting in her neck and she smiled a quirky smile as the darkness took her.
*****
Stryker was walking down the hallway at Fort Campbell. Being here brought back a rush of memories every time. Good times and bad, but they helped make him who he was today. He finally approached a door to his left and saw Sergeant Scott Alley. Scott had been General Stilwells aid for many years. Scott was a good man and very protective of the General. The Sergeant smiled when he saw Stryker. He and Stryker had become good friends since General Stilwell assumed the task of lead liaison between the Government and Stryker Security.  
Scott snapped to attention. Stryker playfully smacked Scott on the back of the head and said, When are you going to understand I am a civilian? About that time, they heard a gruff voice from the inner office yell out, If you two have had enough play time, lets get some work done! Stryker, get your ass in here, and Sergeant, why dont you get some sergeant things completed? Stryker and Scott looked at each other and smiled. Ah well, it was time to see the bear.
Stryker walked into General Stilwells office. Like the man himself, everything was massive. Stryker could probably sit in the Generals chair and disappear. Well, that may be a slight exaggeration, but you get the idea. He is a big man with big furniture and probably big toys, too.
To look at the General you would think you were looking at a man made of concrete. His facial expression changed without seemingly making any crease, as if it were made of concrete or a lot of Botox Stryker thought as a slight smile crossed his face! Gray hair, up and tight made him appear as the formidable bear of a man he is.
The more Stryker worked with Stilwell; he learned the Generals hard exterior hid a warm and friendly interior. He would probably crush anyone who said he had a soft side! Stryker always kept that to himself, because he just did not like the thought of the big mans hands ever getting a hold of him. He felt a shiver go up his spine just thinking about it. Stryker had never met a person he could not put down, but the General was one to give him pause.
Before you get started, I know youre pissed off about your screens going blank! I have been busting my ass, trying to find what caused it and why! It may just have been a quirk since a hack attempt, then maybe not. I dont have a friggin answer yet, but Ill be damned if they start playing games with us! And yes, we have another idiot that thinks he is smarter than us; making use of our systems as if they were available under the Freedom of Information Act! growled the General. Yes I am aware. My third shift CO briefed me. Of course he was detected immediately and put in the information loop we established, giving us time allowing us to immediately locate him, commented Stryker. I also understand you were able to locate and pick up his accomplice quickly, too, Stryker remarked. Yeah, there were two of them working together. A man in Colorado and a woman right under your nose in Clarksville, explained the General.
Clarksville! That is cutting it too close for us not to have caught a terrorist movement in our own home! I do not understand how they could have got that close. If they are anywhere in the country, we should know their every movement. I will have to check and see what needs correcting in our Terrorist Monitoring Teams and our in house security team. Rest assured General, I will get to the bottom of this, and it will never happen again! said a completely angry Stryker. Just hold on Stryker! Do not start prepping any missiles before we look at what we have here. No one said anything about terrorists! You have to quit seeing terrorists in everything! You have a terrorist phobia! Dont make me send you to one those damn shrinks! growled the General.
How could the General just brush it off that easily when we have allowed a terrorist this close to an Army base? Where was the Generals urgency? Stryker knew he did not have a terrorist phobia, just an extreme hatred for them! Stryker Security Service is the most feared security agency throughout the world! MI5, the CIA, and every high security level service in all countries knew if Stryker had operatives in the field, the information or persons will be located at all costs.
Just like in the James Bond movies, most of his operatives had a license to kill to protect themselves and the information they were gathering. No, it is not an actual piece of paper, just a sworn oath operatives made before going out on their first assignment! If any damage had been done by these two terrorists, yeah, maybe he did have a phobia sometimes, whatever country they were from and affiliation they were associated with, would feel the full wrath and hell that Stryker would bring down on them! Terrorist friendly countries knew Stryker was a mad man when it came to retaliation and would not stop at anything until he exhausted his wrath or he felt he had taught them a lesson. No country wanted to be in Strykers cross hairs!
Damn it Stryker, get your head out of your ass! Ive been sitting here talking; until I realized I was the one doing both talking and listening! yelled the General. Stryker realized he had indeed forgotten all about the General. Snap out of it soldier! I am sorry, sir. I allowed my mind to drift for just a moment. You have my full attention now! Do we know what groups and countries they are affiliated with? asked Stryker. The General shook his head, opened a file, and slid it over to Stryker. He picked it up and looked at it. The first thing he saw was a picture of a man in his late twenties to early thirties.
Odd, thought Stryker, he looks American. Was he a recruited zealot? His name is Albert OSullivan. A good Irish name. Were they dealing with the IRA? Let us see now; Albert graduated from the University of Southern California. His major was Computer Technology. His employment status is between jobs. His criminal history yeah, here we go. Albert had a few arrests for hacking into major banks. They report states nothing was stolen. It was as if Albert was just beginning his ability to walk through other secure systems.
Stryker looked up at the General and said, I have never seen him before or for that matter Ive never heard his name whispered in the hacking world. Looks like we have a small time player, just getting started on a career of hacking. said Stryker. Thats what I got from reading the report. I had your team do a thorough background search on him, while you were asleep. They didnt find any affiliations that tied him to any terrorist or criminal organizations. Looks like we got him before he went big time. commented the General. So, who is the woman you picked up? Any affiliations there? queried Stryker. The General said, This one I believe you may be more familiar with. as the General slid the file to Stryker. Her name is Candace Austin.
Candace Austin? That woman had been at War's End! Andy had entered her in as a low-level security risk in the watch system because of the questions she had been asking. Cant forget a pretty face, can you Stryker! laughed the General. Shes pretty damn scared. Lets go and pay her a visit before she gives herself a heart attack! Stryker just shook his head in agreement, followed the General out of the office, and started walking down the hall. Candace Austin. Why did she do it, and most importantly, what did she want?

Chapter 7
This time, when Candace woke up, she was in a sitting position. She went to move her hands to rub her eyes, when she realized she could not reach her face. That is when she saw her hands were handcuffed to a table! What was going on? Shackled to floor was not fun either! Her clothes were not the same. She was now in an orange jumpsuit. She feared the worst. Had they raped her? No, she felt fine instead of the dirty and icky sensation that would have come with a rape. Still if those big goons had done anything to her, she would kick their balls up against the top of their skulls! No, she couldnt do that, because she couldnt move her legs! Damn, damn, double damn! If they stuck her again with a needle, she was going to be biting someones finger off!
The door to the room opened and a female soldier walked in and snapped to attention with a smart salute. In through the door walked one of the largest me she had ever seen that immediately scared the shit out of her! The man returned the salute and said, At ease Captain Everton. Please remain outside. Yes sir. replied the Captain. Candace balled up her fists and started yelling at the big man, Who the hell do you think you are? What do you mean kidnapping me in the middle of night! I live in America, not some third world police state! You will shut up and if you dont, I will have you gagged. Is that clear Ms. Austin? General Stilwell informed her. Candace realized that he meant it. She simply replied, Yes!
I am General Stilwell, United States Army and liaison to every security branch in our Government. As far as your rights are concerned, you have none at this time! We arrested you for being involved in hacking of several top-level government facilities. At this time, you are in custody as a possible terrorist threat. Now what I have to do is determine what level of a security risk you are to our country, and why you are involved in the hacking of classified information.
Candace was shocked. They thought she was a terrorist! She grew up in the mean streets of Chicago! They thought she was hacking! She had never hacked anything in her life. She didnt even know how to start, let alone do it! The realization of who was hacking hit her, Oh no! Al! Al was hacking on her behalf. Al was a good person; he just had a bad hobby. General, said Candace. My name is Candace Austin. I am a freelance journalist. I had stopped in Clarksville on my way to Nashville. I am just on a vacation. Thats the honest truth! Come now, Ms. Austin! We both know that your answer is missing some of the truth. What is your connection to Albert OSullivan? asked the General. Albert OSullivan? Who is Albert OSullivan? Oh, wait a minuteAL., You mean Al? asked Candace. Yes, replied the General. I use Al to do research for me when I am on a story. He does better research than I can so thats why I use him. replied Candace.
Yes, he is obviously very good at doing research; its just not Wikipedia he uses! You are aware that he is a hacker? asked the General. I never asked, and he never said where he did his research. Listen General, I love my country and my job! I would never intentionally do anything that would hurt either of them! cried Candace. The General asked, What was the last research you asked Mr. OSullivan to do before you were taken into custody?
Candace had to think about that for a moment. Now I remember! General, sir, I asked him to do research on an individual that I was having difficulty finding any background information on. a very quiet Candace replied. Why was this man so important to you? the General asked. Man? I didnt say it was a man! Oh great, what have I gotten myself into? I asked Al for help because the mans background information was sketchy, to say the least. It was just a journalists intuition that kicked in, nothing more sir, replied a contrite Candace. A voice outside the door spoke up and said, I believe her General. I believe Ms. Austin is sincere, but just very nave. Who is nave? Who does he think he is, calling me nave! Just when she was getting ready to let the person outside of the door have a piece of her mind, in walks Solomon Stryker. Crap!

Chapter 8
Immediately Candice thought of Al. What has happened to Al? Is Al okay? Is he in real trouble? He is harmless. He is just like me. We just try to make ends meet, asked Candace. Is Al in real trouble? What gives you the idea that you are not in real trouble? Do you think this is a party? Let me make this clear to you Ms. Austin, you would have been better off hacking a bank, than to do what you have done! fired back an irate Stryker. Okay, Mr. Know It All! What have I done, and what information was it that we were looking into, that was so damn important to cause this? Why are you so damned important? retorted Candace. Are you sure you want to be confrontational? Is the situation you find yourself in normal for you? Are you sure, you want to be defiant? Your actions put you where you find yourself now! Is this an everyday occurrence for you? asked an incredulous Stryker. Is sticking a needle in someones neck two times, to drug me into a comatose state, really what our government has come to? Am I under arrest or am I free to go?
General Stilwell and Stryker just stared at her. At what point did the government start having the power to abduct and drug its citizens without due process? demanded Candace. A smile started showing at the corner of Strykers mouth. He liked this woman. Going through all she had gone through and facing possible terrorist charges, she still showed defiance! She was much more interesting compared to other women he had a relationship with. Cool under fire, is what he would call her!
Candace caught the beginning of a smile on Strykers face and that infuriated her even more! What in holy hell do you find so funny about this, Mr. Stryker? You wouldnt be all smiles if you were the one on the other side of this table! shouted Candace. Stryker could not hold back the laugh that had started coming up. Even the General could not help but smile at the interaction and display.
Stryker said, First let me explain to why you were drugged. Both times, you became very physically combative, and to keep you from hurting yourself, we administered a very mild sedative to calm you down. The interesting and funny thing about the situation is; how you could have easily avoided all of this! If you were looking for a story or wanted to interview me, all you had to do was ask. What is the worst thing that I would have said? No? Probably; but at least you would be in Nashville right now instead of being held in a maximum security setting. Stryker stated flatly. So, Im free to go? asked Candace. We are not quite there yet, Ms. Austin. You have set security measures and damage control in motion. What you have started now requires the security and secrecy of all our operations to be checked to determine if any damage was done and if any action is required on our part. We are still trying to ascertain all systems are safe. You will be notified shortly of what we intend to do, sighed a slightly frustrated Stryker.
What secret operations? What secure operations? What are you talking about, Mr. Stryker? I was just trying to find out some information about you to see if there was an interesting story to write about! Candace yelled defiantly. Candace received a glare from Stryker that froze the blood in her veins. She immediately felt like she was staring into the eyes of a predator about to pounce on its prey, her being the prey!  His eyes had been a nice sparkly blue, were now hard cobalt orbs! She knew if she said one word, it might be her last! Stryker was now extremely angry with the woman! Stryker said in a quiet, dangerous tone, Im trying to help you, but that mouth of yours could have you disappear in the system for a very long time! Are we clear that being silent might be in your best interest? Candace uttered in a small, quiet, and subdued voice, Yes sir! Then clamped her mouth shut. She did not realize how close she came to becoming just another statistic in the missing persons files!

Chapter 9
Outside the military base, a non-descript Chevy Tahoe sat idling. Five men sat in it, waiting patiently. They knew what they were about to do would win them immortality among their Arab Brothers. It would earn them immortality with Allah, who would award their sacrifice with seventy beautiful virgins, which Muslim fighters knew awaited them.
The Brotherhood recruited all of the men five years before to go after hard targets. This honor was taking out one of the worlds most feared fighter against The Brotherhood, Solomon Stryker! He had made a mockery of them and their efforts. This was a glorious undertaking and the world would watch their victory over this Western dog and backers of the Zionist filth.
They had been living in five different locations in the country, keeping an extremely low profile. Their neighbors would remember them as being extremely nice, quiet men, who were always willing to lend a hand if asked. They went to neighborhood cookouts, intermingling with everyone. Their training had been very meticulous on changing their voices to lose most if not all of their accents. They understood and spoke the English language fluently, even the slang that Americans commonly used. They learned the local sports teams and acted as if they were great fans, even going to games with their neighbors.
Their employers would also be shocked, as they were the best workers any employer could ask for. Their cover was tight. No one would ever suspect them, as being anything but people you would be proud to call a friend, a good neighbor, or a great employee. The timing was also crucial. Being absent was expected at their jobs this week, as all had set this week aside as their vacation for the year. The Brotherhood, was proud of them and to the extent, they had performed their mission. They worked hard to make them pass as just regular citizens, and not the deadly killing machines that they are. It was just all too easy. These American dogs and their politically correct ideology, made them prime targets because they fought to protect the rights of the very people who would seek to destroy them!
Their surveillance of the target had been two years of intense preparation for this moment. They would catch him away from his teams to where he was all alone and vulnerable. They would pull up next to his car and set off an explosion that would kill not only themselves, but also the great Stryker himself! Then The Brotherhood could move forward with their plans, without Stryker being in the way!
As they watched the military base, one of the men, who had binoculars, saw that there was activity at the main gate of the base. A black car pulled up at the main entrance to the base, the gate raised to allow it to leave. The man with the binoculars looked at the license plate and verified that this was indeed their target. Setting down the binoculars, he smiled and tapped the driver on the shoulder and motioned at the black car. The driver placed the Tahoe in drive, and started the vehicle moving to begin following the black car and finally eliminate Solomon Stryker! Allahu Akbar! Allah is the Greatest, they all said in unison!

Chapter 10
Candace was back in her holding cell. After Stryker lashed out at her, she realized she had crossed a narrow line with him. Making an ass out herself did not help her situation. Her father, an old newspaperman himself, had always told her to be inquisitive, but know when to pick your battles to get the story. Her father told her that it was the quiet hunter, not the noisy novice, who got the story. Damn, she acted worse than a rookie did! Candace just hoped the fates were kind to her!
From the time she was a young girl, she sat on the knee of her father while he edited stories going in his newspaper. She was always proud to tell her friends what her father did for a living! As she grew older, Candace would go around the neighborhood to find a story, even if it was no more than a skinned knee, a birthday party or someone got a new bicycle. If she thought it was newsworthy, she would write the story! When her father came home, she would proudly show him the story she had written and he would show her where to make corrections to make it a great story, at least in a little girls mind! It always made her happy when her father would smile at her and call her his Ace Cub Reporter.
When she was in middle school, she joined her school paper. Candace, or Candy, which stuck because it was everyones favorite nickname for her, never went anywhere without a pencil behind her ear and her note pad in hand! Though most would find it funny to see, to Candace it was serious business! In high school, the schools newspaper voted her editor, even though she was just a freshman! The journalism bug had bitten her hard! She chose it to be her career and college major, and gained some fame as her career blossomed. Now all that work may be over in just one night!
She heard keys rattle at her door again. Candace remained calm and quiet. The needle sticks were beginning to get old! Instead of those big hulks, it was Captain Everton!  She had Candaces luggage with her! Captain Everton said, Ms. Austin, take the toiletry items and fresh clothes that you need and I will take you to where you can shower! The Captain made it sound just that simple! Clean up and get dressed. Things were definitely looking up! Candace went through her luggage and got the things she needed, and then followed Captain Everton.
A thought suddenly came to her; what if there were hidden cameras? Would they be watching her? She would swallow her pride, undress, and take a much-needed shower. This would be a less embarrassing situation than several she had found herself in while she was in college. Her friends had talked her in to going to these great parties. Between the alcohol and recreational drugs, she awakened naked and in bed with a man, not remembering who he was or what they had done! The only peace of mind was the man was wearing a used condom! Another time she woke to find she was in bed with both multiple naked men and women! She had participated in an orgy! Hard drinking, as well as recreational drugs came to a stop for the rest of her college career! She never again attended one of those parties!
Having showered, dressed, brushed her teeth, oh what a clean mouth can do for a person, and putting her hair up in a ponytail; she felt somewhat human again. She even applied a little amount of makeup, so if nothing else, she would feel presentable for the next folks to whom she would be talking. Candace opened the bath door to find Captain Everton standing there. Captain Everton said, Ms. Austin, please place your right foot on this chair.  Candace hesitated. What was the Captain up to? Why? demanded Candace. Ms. Austin, either place your foot here willingly or the two guards will be glad to put it up there for you! said a very stern looking Captain.
Uh-uh! Candace didnt want anymore to do with those two mastiffs! She walked over and placed her right foot on the chair as directed Captain Everton pulled up the cuff on Candaces right pant leg. Candace heard a click and felt something on her leg. She looked down and saw what appeared to be a type of dog leash with a small box shape attached to it! What was this? What did you just put on me? demanded a very angry Candace. It is a monitoring device to track people who are under house arrest, the same technology used to track pedophiles. This device, however, will track you anywhere in the world not just a specific region, stated Captain Everton.
Now she was being lumped in with pedophiles, not just terrorists! Good grief, what was next? Why did you do that? demanded Candace. You are still considered as a possible terrorist and security threat. We will be able to monitor all of your movements. This monitoring will take place twenty-four hours a day. You may bathe with it on; as it is waterproof as well as shock proof. If you attempt to tamper with it or try to disable it in any way, you will be a very old woman when you experience freedom again! Let me also warn you that it takes a special key to remove it, so lock picking wont work, and again, I advise against even trying
Captain Everton stared Candace right in the eye when she told her about it. No doubt, about it, the Captain meant what she said! Candace made a mental note, leave it alone! Candace just thought of a question, Captain Everton, who has the key to this device? The Captain looked at Candace and smiled sweetly Why Ms. Austin that would be Mr. Stryker Candace rolled her eyes at the answer. Of course, he would have it! Crap!

Chapter 11
Candace followed the Captain until they reached a door on the right. As they walked in, Sergeant Scott Alley snapped to attention. Captain Everton told the Sergeant to stand at ease. The Captain asked if General Stilwell was ready for them. Sergeant Alley went over to the door and knocked on it. Come in! said the General. Sergeant Alley said, Sir, Captain Everton, and Candace Austin, are here as ordered, sir! Please show them in, Sergeant! Yes, sir replied Sergeant Alley. Sergeant Alley motioned them to enter and Sergeant Alley closed the door behind them. The General was looking over some paperwork while Stryker was looking out the window.
General Stilwell motioned for Candace to have a seat in front of his desk. Candace felt like a ten-year-old sitting in front of the principals desk, waiting for her punishment to be handed down for doing something wrong at school. The General finally looked up from his paperwork and asked Stryker if he had found all the paperwork in order. Stryker said, Everything is as we discussed. General Stilwell looked at Candace and said, You will need to read over these papers and sign where indicated.
Candace took the paperwork and started reading through it page after page, not signing anything. Candace looked at the General in disbelief and said, You are joking, right? This cannot be legal! I want my lawyer to read over this before I sign anything! The General looked like he was going to explode at any moment! Every vein on his neck and face bulged. Stryker saw the look on the Generals face and stepped in quickly before his friend had a stroke or heart attack. Ms. Austin! Stryker said, in a cold controlled tone. You either comply with the Generals instructions or I will have Captain Everton take you back to your cell and have you transported to one of the Federal Womens Maximum Security Prisons to await trial in the next 10 years! This is not a game where you dictate to us! You are the one suspected of possible terrorism and hacking high security targets in the government! You have one minute to make up your mind! Honestly? I hope you do not sign! It would make life easier for me!
Twenty-four hours ago, Candace was just going about her life normally. Now she was facing one of the hardest decisions she had ever faced in her life. She knew if she did not sign the documents, she would miss everything in her life, the possibility of marriage, children, and grandchildren, not to mention a chance at a Pulitzer. If she did sign, she still would not be free of the charges yet, but then again, she would not be in prison. At least not a prison as you would normally think, releasing her into the custody of one, Solomon Stryker! Candace did the only thing she could; she signed the papers. She handed them back to the General, then looked at Stryker and said, Well, when do we leave? Your belongings have already been loaded into my vehicle. We leave now, said Stryker. Candace should have guessed they knew what she would do. Candace looked at Stryker and said, Lead me to your chariot, warden! Crap!

Chapter 12
Candace followed Stryker out to his vehicle. She resigned herself to do whatever it would take to earn her release at the earliest possible moment. Stryker stopped at a security office and retrieved his weapon and holster. Candaces eyes widened at the sight of the large gun, and could not stop herself!
Like the smartass she sometimes was, she said, Having such a big gun, are you trying to make up for the size of something else? She immediately cringed and waited for the harsh retort she knew would be coming. Stryker looked at her, smiled, and kept walking. Well he has a sense of humor! Maybe he is human after all! They walked up to a black vehicle and stopped. Candace let out a low whistle, This is some nice ride you have! exclaimed Candace. You dont know the half of it. Do not be deceived by its looks. You cant buy this car off a show room floor, commented Stryker What do you want me to call you? Mr. Stryker, Solomon, your lordship, or what? quipped Candace.  Please either use either my first name; Solomon, Sol or Stryker. Whichever you choose will be fine. Okay, then Sol it is. said Candace. Um, Sol, where are we going? All Stryker said was; Home! Great, thought Candace, now we are going to be living together! Where is home? asked Candace. Stryker stopped and looked at her, You will know when we arrive. For the present, I prefer if you remained silent, as I have to consider what to do with you while you are in my custody. Okay, I guess he likes his women quiet and subdued. Is he ever in for a shock, thought Candace.
Stryker unlocked the car and motioned for her to sit down in the passenger seat. She did as requested. He suddenly reached between her legs, which made her let out a squeal and jump, and pulled up what appeared to be a part of a seat belt device. She looked inquisitively at Stryker. This is part of a five point harness that I installed for every seat. This will make you more secure in the seat than a regular lap/shoulder belt, said Stryker.
While Stryker was buckling her in, he instructed her how to press the one button that releases all the belts at once. He instructed her how to pull the harness tight and snug. Candace smelled his manly fragrance and noticed a lot more about him than she wished! She was not happy about the way her heart reacted with him this close! Candaces pulse started pounding in her chest and she felt the blood racing to her face and wondered how it got so hot all of a sudden. She saw Sol look at her and smile. He had noticed her reaction also! Damn him, and damn him for being so gorgeous!
Stryker got in on the drivers side, buckled in and fired up the motor. Candace though it reminded her of what it must sound like when a jet engine fired up. Man, she liked this car! Even with all the power she felt, Stryker deftly maneuvered the vehicle from its parking place and headed to the gate. The soldier raised the gate so they could exit the base.
Stryker headed for I-24 East so that they could return to Clarksville. They had been driving only a few minutes when a buzzer started sounding. It startled Candace, but Stryker immediately went into motion. The lower half of the dashboard opened up. Slowly two small monitors folded into view. There were a few switches and buttons on the hidden panel, as well. Stryker said, Report! A male voice came out of the system somewhere and said, Sir, it is Josh Benton. You picked up a tail as soon as you left the base. Show them to me on the screen, Josh! commanded Stryker. A picture came up on one of the screens. It showed some type of SUV. Infrared reading? commanded Sol. There are five heat signatures sir. They are definitely on an intercept course with you. There appears to be a box shaped device in the back giving off some type of heat. No details are available on the device, sir, responded Josh. Can you see any of their faces, using my roof camera, to run them through our data base for known terrorists? asked Stryker. Yes sir, we see some of their faces, but the data base does not yet report any recognition. They appear to be Middle Eastern, sir.
Damn it, not now! Possibly having terrorists following him with an unknown device was a serious situation! Now he had to worry about Candace too. He had not meant for her to get in the line of fire. It was not fair to her, but there was no other option at this point.  Josh, has General Stilwell been informed of the situation? Yes sir. General Stilwell is waiting for your instructions, sir, stated Josh. Josh I was going to be heading to I-24, but theres too much traffic if these guys are planning a detonation. I need you to feed a new route to my GPS that will take me to an extremely rural destination to where no civilians could be hurt. Send the coordinates to the General as well. Tell him I said not to approach so we do not spook them! If we alert them too soon, they may go ahead and detonate to kill as many innocent people as they can. Have all teams ready, including ours, and wait for my command. Is that clear Josh?
Yes sir, crystal clear! Our teams are heading in your direction, but know to hold back. General Stilwell has two Apache Helicopters airborne, awaiting your instructions. General Stilwell and troops are in the air in a Blackhawk, sir, replied a very confident Josh. Good work, Josh. I see the GPS coordinates now and am now following them. Inform me, should our visitors attempt to deviate from following me! I also want to know if they start closing the gap between us. It is imperative that I get them as far away from the civilian population as possible! commanded Stryker. I am following your orders to the letter and have enacted terrorist protocols. And sir, please be careful! Josh begged.  You know I am always careful, Josh! chuckled Stryker. That is what I was afraid you would say, sir! said a dismayed Josh.

Chapter 13
Candace was terrified now! Did Sol just say terrorists and say detonation? Were they talking about a real bomb? Oh god, what had she gotten herself into? Sol, are we in real trouble? I mean if you are trying to teach me a lesson, lesson learned! Let us go home, wherever that is. Please!
Stryker looked over at Candace and grimaced. He felt bad for her. Still, it was her own fault that she was here. In his heart, he knew she did not deserve this. Stryker looked over to Candace and tried to reassure her. I know youre scared, but this is the real world that we live in. People like the General and I do our best to shield the citizens from this kind of trouble. This is the real thing. I have been in situations much worse than this, so do not give up. We will be fine. I promise you.
Stryker grabbed Candaces hand, held it, and squeezed it. His eyes were soft and imploring, hoping he would get through to her and maybe give her hope. Candace felt the warmth of his hand on hers. She looked down at their hands, and then looked into his eyes. She knew that this man would never let anything bad happen to her. She felt a calming sensation come over her. I believe you, she whispered.
Stryker was tracking the coordinates on the GPS, making sure he was following them. The surrounding countryside became sparser, with only a few houses here and there. Stryker called out to Josh, Do you have a satellite feed on us yet? Yes sir! In one mile, you will be in position to stop! No houses in any direction for two miles. Have teams block the roads in every direction, so that no one but my car and the SUV are on the road. Let me know as soon as they are in place! commanded Stryker. A few moments later Josh said, Sir, the roads are blocked. You are now in position to attack. Thank you Josh. said Stryker. He could see the SUV clearly in his rear view mirror. He looked over to Candace and said Hold on!
Stryker pulled a trigger located just below his gearshift knob, and Nitrous Oxide rushed into the fuel injectors, causing the car to accelerate like a rocket! As soon as he gauged that he had gained enough distance between the Camaro and the SUV, Stryker slammed on the emergency brake and wrenched the steering wheel hard to the left, turning the car one hundred and eighty degrees. He brought the Camaro to a halt. He then reached down below the screens, flipped a switch. As soon as the SUV came into view, they immediately slowed down, seeing the Camaro sitting still in the middle of the street, facing them and dead still. The SUV came to a stop. When they did, Stryker pushed a button below the switch. Candace swore she heard some type of noise but was not sure what it was.
The daytime running lights on the SUV went out. Candace looked over at Stryker. He pointed at the switch and button, I hit their vehicle with an EMP, in laymen's terms, an electromagnetic pulse. It disabled all the electronics in their vehicle. They will have to detonate the bomb where the SUV is sitting! If their detonator is electric, it will not work now, but if it is a manual trigger, then they are still in business! I have to force them out of their vehicle to fight. You will be safe in here. Do not get out for any reason!
Stryker slammed the Camaro in reverse, smoke boiling off the tires. He was trying hard to gain as much distance as he could between the Camaro and the SUV. Stryker braked hard and shut off the Camaro, hit the trunk release button, jumped out of the car, locked and slammed the door behind him. Stryker ran to the back of the car, lifted the spare cover, and pulled out an AK-47 assault rifle and two extra clips. Using the trunk lid for cover, Stryker called out to them, Throw your guns out and get out of the vehicle!
Candace watched in horror, knowing she might die any minute! She did not know what Sol had in mind. As she watched all four doors of the SUV opened up and five men got out. All of them armed with some type of rifle. They pointed the guns at the car and started firing. Candace screamed, hit the seat belt release button, and went to duck down behind the dashboard and hit her head on the dash opening, cutting her forehead. When she saw the blood, she screamed and then fainted!
Stryker saw the terrorists start firing! He heard Candace scream twice and she then went silent! He feared the worst scenario had happened! The terrorists had killed Candace! Stryker opened fire with the AK-47 and meticulously tore each man apart with the bullets. Three down, two to go!
Stryker slammed in a fresh clip cocked the rifle and started firing at the remaining two terrorists. He wanted to take one alive, if possible. Bullets tore into the fourth man, knocking him backwards, then down. The fifth man jumped back into the SUV and reached into the back and Stryker suddenly found himself flying through the air, the breath knocked out of him. Then everything faded to black.

Chapter 14
General Stilwell and everyone within fifty miles heard the explosion! Over the next few minutes, everything happened as fast as it did when you were in battle! The generals Blackhawk landed at the blast sight right after the Apaches. The SUV was a charred torn hunk of metal, partly buried in a deep blackened hole. There were pieces of bodies strewn everywhere! It would take forensics quite a while to sort out what pieces went with what body, if they even could!
He looked over to where the Camaro sat. It appeared that the Camaro had been far enough from the blast and did not receive the major type of damage a normal car would. It had flipped over on its side and by the scrape marks on the road; it had slid quite a way. The paramedics arrived and had removed Candace from the Camaro and medics were already treating her. There appeared to be blood on her face, but she was alive.
There were medics behind the Camaro tending to Stryker. He was sitting up and using his hands in sign language, to communicate with them. The blast had obviously deafened him. Other than some cuts, he appeared to be okay. General Stilwell determined that Stryker was behind the Camaro, which probably saved his life. When the General walked up to him, he saw Stryker continually signing that he was okay and that he needed to get to Candace because she needed him! The General told the medics to let him go. It had been a long time since he had seen Stryker show any anxiety over a woman, good or bad. Having to deal with Candace might end up being a good thing for Stryker. The General was married and had kids and grandchildren of his own. They were what kept him balanced. Stryker was stressed most of the time. The General knew that it would take a toll on a person, even on a man as hard as Stryker! The times it did start taking its toll on Stryker was when the Darkness overtook him.
Stryker was like no man or soldier the General had ever known. He was a good man, tender at times, but in battle, he was the most ruthless killing machine he had ever known. That is one reason why the General was puzzled that any terrorist group would single out Stryker for a hit. If it failed, as this hit had, then all hell was about to break loose somewhere in the world.
With Candace being hurt, Stryker may not stop his vengeance until cities were in ruin, running roughshod over and killing everyone and anyone until his anger subsided. The General was always thankful that Stryker was on their side! Stryker ran over to where the medics were working on Candace. When Stryker saw the blood on her face, he dropped to his knees with a look of worry on his face. How could he have allowed her to get hurt? Someone tapped on Strykers shoulder and look up to see one of the medics trying to get his attention.
Using American Sign Language, he signed to Stryker, I know it looks bad, but the blood is actually from a superficial scalp cut. She evidently hit her head in your dashboard. We will clean it up and a couple of stitches at the hospital and she will be fine. We are concerned we are unable to wake her up. We found her in the backseat of your car. Was that where she was when you got out? Stryker had to shake out the cobwebs for a minute. He signed No, she was actually in the front passenger seat.
We were afraid of that. It appears the blast threw her in the back, causing her to strike her head and possibly causing a concussion. That would explain the large knot on the back of her head. I do not mean to scare you, but this concussion could be serious. We really need to call in the AirMed evacuation to get her to the hospital quickly! The General had been standing behind Stryker the whole time. When he saw what the medic had said, the General yelled, Lieutenant, get my Blackhawk fired up and load Ms. Austin, the EMTs and Stryker and get them to the base hospital now! Move it soldier! Get them in the air! Now damn it! Stryker was beside himself. He barely knew this woman, yet because of who he was, he had placed her right in the middle of his dangerous life. She did nothing that deserved her being hurt. Strykers cold and dangerous personality started coming to the forefront. He knew it was a side of him that would be willing to slaughter hundreds, if not thousands of human lives to drive terror back in to the terrorists!
Stryker had long ago realized that to stop terrorism, he had to become the terrorists worst nightmare. He hated terrorism and he knew the only way to stop it was to make it so expensive on them, that terrorists had to be crazy to bring his wrath! For now, Stryker let that side of him simmer. First thing on his mind was, Candace Austin, and her survival. She deserved one hundred percentage of his attention and he would be damned if she did not get it. Hell would-come-calling-later!


Chapter 15
Word had traveled back to The Brotherhood that the attempt to kill Stryker had failed. It was a failure The Brotherhood had not anticipated! Years of preparation had gone in to this endeavor. The strictest guidelines had been set and followed. Five of their brothers had died without completing the most decisive plan The Brotherhood had ever attempted and yet still the devil Stryker lives! Mohammed Al Akbar looked at those around him. White-hot anger and an acid bile rose into his mouth! He put his faith in fools! It was if they could they do nothing right! All that he expected was for his followers to kill one man, even if that man was Solomon Stryker!
Al Akbar knew what the wrath of Stryker looked like. He and twenty of his fellow Brotherhood soldiers had killed twelve NATO troops, which included four Americans. That was when they experienced Strykers deadly retaliation! Al Akbar and his men celebrated the killings and left a trail a mere child could follow. When they realized their mistake, they fled to a village close to the killings. The villagers and The Brotherhood soldiers sensed Stryker! It was as if Stryker sent out an aura of death for miles!
When Stryker and his Commandos entered the village, they came in quietly. Strykers Commandos had already surrounded the village, making no attempt to hide they were in position. There they stood in body armor, heavily armed, daring someone to fire at them! These men provoked fear in not just the villagers, but in his fellow soldiers. Al Akbar was only a foot soldier at that time, but knew he was watching the devil and his minions, who were about to bring rage and damnation down on them!
A lone vehicle drove into the village. Four men had got out. Heavily armed, wearing sunglasses, and walking around without fear. The man in charge called out in their native tongue for the village to give up The Brotherhood soldiers and the villagers would come to no harm. He gave them five minutes to make the soldiers come out. It would not matter how long he gave them! Though the villagers were terrified of this man, they had AK-47s pressed against their backs. What were they to do?
They would soon learn that when this man ordered you to do something, your fear meant nothing to him! Thirty seconds left and no villagers or terrorist appeared. Stryker looked at his watch. He warned them and now their time up! Stryker raised his hand and pointed to the front of a building where he knew the majority of the town and terrorists were hiding. Ten RPG launchers spit out their deadly reward for cowardice. Sand filled the sky where the RPGs had blasted a hole in the earth!
The next time we fire, it will be more than sand filling the air! Men, women, and children will die! Is this what you wish for, your children to die? I have no wish to harm the people of this village, only the soldiers hiding here! Bring them out to us! yelled a very determined Stryker. A man came out of a building, screaming for mercy. Unmoved by the man, Stryker just said, Where are they? The villager watched as Stryker took off his sunglasses. The man looked into the eyes of death and extreme hate. He knew they were the eyes of the devil! I give you one last chance! Where are they? asked a demanding Stryker. The man fell on his forehead and cried out, They will kill us if we say!
Stryker knew he had to put on a show to make the people of the village, as well as the terrorists, believe they were about to die. Stryker spit in the sand next to the man and said, Old man, you and your soul died a long time ago. To show fear, is death itself. Since you fear them more than us, then you die with them! Stryker motioned to the three men beside him. They got back into the vehicle. As they drove out of the village, Stryker activated his neck microphone and said, Move in quickly! They are here. Go house to house, and find them!
All of Strykers Commandos rushed the village, making sure no one could leave. They started kicking in doors! The Brotherhood soldiers thought that this man would have allowed them to live, rather than risk the lives of the villages people! The villages people and The Brotherhood soldiers heard a loud noise that echoed throughout the valley. Two black Stryker Security Apache helicopters rose up from behind the dunes. These pilots and crew knew exactly what they were to do to put even more fear into both the villagers and the terrorist!
The following events left only one terrorist, Al Akbar, alive to tell the story. The terrorists tried to escape in their vehicles. Hell rained from the sky as the two Apache helicopters started unleashing rounds from their 30mm chain guns at all of the terrorists and their vehicles! The Apaches then followed up by emptying their rockets pods of their AGM 114 Hellfire missiles. When they had finished, all of the terrorists bodies were scattered across the ground!
Where their vehicles once stood, charred sand and rubble remained. One man remained alive under that rubble, unknown to Stryker. That man was Mohammed Al Akbar Al Akbar could still feel the tingling sensations in the stub of his left arm. With his right hand, he rubbed the deep scar that ran from chin to where his left eye had been. Yes, he knew all too well, what Solomon Stryker could do!
He felt a cold chill go up his spine, as if Stryker had walked over Al Akbars grave. When Stryker found out who ordered his assassination, Al Akbar would indeed grab a shovel and start digging his own grave! Al Akbar had just got off his SAT phone with his contact in America. He had heard a lot of screaming about how incompetent they were!  The screaming had continued about the time and money spent to make them fit in and pull off the kill. Al Akbar hated this American, but was not afraid of him. Al Akbar feared Stryker!
Al Akbar looked around at his men. There they sat, all trying to analyze what had gone wrong. One had the gall to say that Allah had not smiled on them that day! Allah did not smile on fools! With his white-hot rage needing an outlet, Al Akbar pulled out his Berretta 9mm pistol, pointed it at the man who had made the remark about Allah, and put a bullet in his brain! No one spoke. They all hung their heads, afraid to make eye contact with Al Akbar. They had seen him like this before! Like the man Stryker, they both had the same intolerances for anything except absolute obedience! Anything less came with extreme retribution.
Al Akbar finally spoke, Allah does not smile on fools! We made a plan we thought would take out the dog, Stryker. Each of you pray for guidance, for the next ones to go to take down Stryker will be you, my so-called trusted inner circle. You have attained these positions from your successful missions in the past. Now you will put all of your experience together and take down Stryker!



Chapter 16
General Stilwell had been filling in for Stryker for the last month. Along with his military duties, General Stilwell also did what he could at Stryker Security and Investigative Services, while Stryker was at the hospital healing.
Strykers wounds had been more than superficial. He had five broken ribs, two cracked vertebrae, and a severe concussion as well as a temporary hearing loss. Though his hearing had finally returned, he spoke very little to anyone other than Candace. This experience had changed Stryker. The General knew that Stryker had faced his own mortality before. That he faced anothers is what got to him and that mortality belonged to Candace Austin!  When Stryker had been able to get up and around, after healing from his injuries, he spent all of his days and most of his nights sitting next to Candaces hospital bed, holding her hand and reading to her. Candaces concussion had caused severe brain swelling, to assist in the healing process; her doctors had decided to keep her in a medically induced coma, allowing her to rest, and her brain to heal without further injury to her.
She lay there in the hospital bed with monitors hooked to her, a feeding tube hanging from her mouth, an oxygen cannula in her nose, two I.V.s pumping fluid, and medicine into her body and a catheter to drain off her urine. The only time Stryker would leave her side was when they had to bathe her or because of bodily functions that required her to be cleaned up. When Stryker finally left her side in the early morning hours to get a few hours sleep, he would bend over her, place a kiss on her forehead and whisper in her ear, Please come back to me! General Stilwell found Candaces father in Chicago. Candaces mother had passed away a few years earlier
General Stilwell flew Stryker's Learjet to Chicago, to bring Candaces father back to Tennessee. The General explained to Candaces father what had occurred and that the public was not aware of Candace being in the car. The military personnel involved were under orders to remain silent as this attack remained highly classified. General Stilwell explained that maintaining the event as classified hid Candaces involvement for her own protection in the future. General Stilwell, Stryker Security, and the Army were doing everything they could to identify the remaining two terrorists, with three terrorists identification verified from the picture that the cars video camera had broadcast. Confidence was high when it came to identifying the two terrorists.
U.S officials, from county sheriffs all the way up to the CIA had the facial shots as well to determine if the any locals recognized them as well! Stryker Security was shaking the Intel world to find out whom the terrorists affiliation was with and who sent them. The next question was how they stayed under the terrorist radar!
Since Stryker opened his business, he had developed a terrorist alert system that should have caught them. These terrorists had thrown something new at them and caught them with their pants down! General Stilwell wanted to get this taken care of before Stryker regained his old self! If successful, the General would save many lives!
Stryker removed the tracking device from Candaces leg. He was no longer going to make her feel like a criminal; she was just an innocent person doing her job. Stryker then had his staff bring on board Albert OSullivan, to train him to help spot hacking in the world. Alberts team informed Stryker that Al was proving to be a great employee; anxious to become part of the family Stryker himself was in a shut down mode. His mind was on Candace. He wanted so bad to hold her and tell her everything was going to be all right and to beg her forgiveness for everything! He felt directly responsible for her injury because he knew she was not a threat!
Stryker was sitting in Candaces room when a group of doctors and nurses came in. They checked over her chart and looked at the monitors.  After they stopped conferring with each other, one of the doctors, a Captain, turned to Stryker and said, Ms. Austins condition has improved to the point we may be able to stop her medicine and allow her to wake up. We will be doing an MRI today and if her brain has returned to its normal size, no bleeding is present and the scan shows no remnants of her injury, then we will begin waking her up. Stryker shook his head that he understood.
Mr. Stryker, there is something you need to be aware of. We do not know how severe her brain injury may have been. She may be fine, but you need to be aware that she may have amnesia, or may have incurred an injury causing problems with her motor skills or mental issues resulting in her not being the same person she was before the accident. stated the doctor. She is too strong for any of that! an angry Stryker said. She has fought this whole time and she will come back just fine! The doctor knew better than to try to change the mans mind as only time would tell. Nurses and orderlies wheeled her bed out of the room to take her to have the MRI done. Sol stopped them for a moment, kissed her forehead, and whispered in her ear, You come back! I need you too much! How could he have said that to Candace? Stryker knew that he and Candace interacted for just a short time! Spending time with her created a fondness of Candace, a fondness that meant nothing to Candace. She was not aware of him during her coma. He would do everything in his power to be there for her for as long as she let him, if she let him. Stryker went looking for Bud to bring him up to speed on what was going on with Candace. He would hold off on the bad possibilities. The poor man had been through enough.

Chapter 17
Josh Benton had not seen a bed in the last forty-eight hours. He was running on pure adrenalin and espresso, thank you Mr. Stryker for that gift! Josh, the Commanding Officer at Stryker Security, had been monitoring all alerts that were coming in. The massive amount of information was taking its toll on an already overworked staff! Twelve-hour overlapping shifts were helping some, but it was still not enough. Josh called the General for help. General Stilwell had sent in people from the U.S. Intelligence Services to help.
General Stilwell arrived at the Security Center to speak with Josh about any positive leads they may have. Josh commented, It has been confirmed that we have terrorists from The Brotherhood moving our direction! We apprehended five coming into the country and sent them straight to Gitmo. Why, when all of the other terrorist organizations are screaming that they had nothing to do with the attempt on Stryker, is The Brotherhood making a move? Your answer is right there, Josh. explained the General. Years ago they ran afoul of Stryker. It has to be The Brotherhood, because they are the only one who has yet to disavow the attempt on Stryker! The Brotherhood is sending more in to complete the mission! All intelligence agencies need to cast a wide net to capture all of them before they can do more harm! But why single out Mr. Stryker? a confused Josh commented. They have to know that Mr. Stryker will do everything in his power to wipe them off the face of the earth, even if he has to destroy a country to do it! Mr. Strykers reputation should be enough to tell them that they have made a serious mistake! There is an answer to your question, replied a tight-jawed General. It has to do with Strykers past. He had a run-in with The Brotherhood years ago and they are acting out of revenge. The Brotherhood slaughtered some NATO troops and Stryker and his Commandos killed them all. It sent shockwaves through the terrorist world, knowing how bloody and determined Stryker can and will be.
A young woman walked up to Josh and the General. She handed them the report marked URGENT. Two Brotherhood terrorists attempted to cross from Canada into the U.S., were killed before they could detonate their explosive vests! Damn, thought the General! Somehow, we needed to find one that we could break and get the information as to who was heading up this attempt at Stryker and where they were.
The Brotherhood terrorists they had captured and sent to Gitmo had refused to talk. General Stilwell had plans to go to Gitmo to oversee the interrogation techniques used and to hell with any bleeding heart liberals! General Stilwell would be glad to set those liberals in the middle of Afghanistan and see if they could find some bleeding heart liberals to help them! The only bleeding hearts would be theirs, where a knife or bullet went through it! Damn them all to hell! This was Stryker, by god, and General Stilwell would start the war himself!
The General was jolted away from his thoughts by his phone ringing. He answered it, acknowledged the information he received. General Stilwell ended the call, then dialed another number and said, Get the Blackhawk ready to fly; were needed at the base! The General told Josh to keep him informed and told Josh that he had better have get at least six hours sleep before they talked again!
Josh was the best, but he was running himself ragged and that would help no one. Josh promised he would get the sleep and the General would get every piece of information they got, no matter how small or insignificant. The General left the secure room and headed to the waiting helicopter. He felt some relief; Candace was awake!

Chapter 18
Doctors and nurses stood over Candace waiting for her to awaken. Candaces father, Bud, was the only other person allowed in the room. Candaces doctors did not want her to see someone involved with the trauma she had gone through. Stryker understood, even though he so badly wanted to be there to see her wake up. For those not allowed in the room, they were able to view the events through a monitor, including Stryker. Stryker was not aware of anyone around him. His total focus was on Candace. A nurse kept rubbing Candaces hands, arms and her face while quietly telling Candace to wake up. At first, there was no response. Candace began moving her fingers and arms as if checking to see if they were still working. Then with a sigh, she opened her eyes!
Candace, at first, didnt seem to be able to focus in on anyone or anything. Her eyes finally stopped on her fathers face. Stryker held his breath waiting to hear her say something. Candace finally spoke, Hey Dad, where are we? It was like everyone in the room and watching the monitor let out a deep sigh of relief at the same time! Things were okay, so far. The nurse took a cup of water and said, Ms. Austin, take a sip of water. No, dont drink so fast! Just sip it. Candace did as the nurse said. Bud had tears running down his face. He leaned over, kissed Candace on the forehead, and said, Welcome back, sweetheart! Candace started looking around the room. It was easy for everyone to see that she was trying to make sense of everything she was seeing. The doctor spoke, Ms, Austin, I am your doctor. You have given us quite a fright! I want to take a few moments and allow us to check a few things to make sure everything is in good working order.
Candaces doctor then took her through a series of sensory tests to make sure her sense of feeling and touch were okay. He then had her move all her extremities to ensure there was no paralysis. It appeared to Stryker that all her motor skills were intact. Now Ms. Austin, I am going to ask you a few questions and you answer them to the best of your ability. If you dont remember something, do not worry about it. We will just move onto the next question. Do you understand what we are going to do?
Candace looked at the doctor and said, Yes. But I have a question first. What is your question? asked the doctor. Did Sol survive the attack? For the first time since the death of his parents, Stryker felt emotions long hidden! He knew Candace was going to be all right. Yes, Mr. Stryker did survive. What do you remember about what happened to you? Dont be concerned about what you say, your father knows everything about what happened. said the doctor.
I remember we were trying to get away from someone. Sol had said they had something that they could detonate. I was scared out of my mind, but he was not. I somehow knew he would not let me die. I remember Sol got out of the car and then the men from the other vehicle started firing rifles at the car. I think something hit me in the head because I remember blood. Thats all I remember. Candace scrunched up her nose, trying to remember everything.
 Dad, why are looking so worried? I am okay. It just knocked me out. I will get a shower and get dressed and we can check out of here! I want to see Sol before we leave, just to make sure he is going to be okay, said a perplexed Candace. Honey, started Bud, It is a little more complicated than that. It did not just knock you out. There was an explosion and Stryker turned off the volume so Candace and Bud could have their privacy while he went on to explain everything to Candace. Stryker could see the shock on her face. He had dreaded this part for her.
Candace and Bud talked for a long time, with Candace asking many questions. A couple of times, both Candace and Bud broke down and cried. Stryker could feel the pain in his own chest. His desire to rush into the room and pick her up to console her was almost more than he could bear. There would be time later for that. Now was time for Bud to help Candace through the initial shock and allow time for healing?
Stryker slowly walked back to his room. How would Candace feel about him after what she had endured? If she never talked to him, he would understand. Candace almost died because of him. How could he have been so stupid? They knew she was not likely a threat to anything. They should have just let her go. She would have never gone through this terrible experience if they just let her off with a warning. Sometimes the hate he carried for terrorist was far too consuming for his own good. He was only one man and needed to stop carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders! His need to destroy the hate in this world that clouded his vision and almost cost a beautiful woman her life, destroying any dreams she had for her life. That is why he could not allow anyone to get close to him! The cost would be too great.
Once Candace was well, he would give her the interview she wanted, allowing her to go on with her life and live a safe existence away from him. He knew that was the best decision he could make. Strykers feelings for her were already more than he should have allowed! If he did not send her away now, he might never be able to! He could not allow that liability. She needed someone who lived a normal life, not the dangerous life he lived!
He was sitting on his hospital bed when General Stilwell walked in. The General was actually smiling. It looks like Candace is going to be just fine, my boy! Stryker just nodded, not really wanting to talk to anyone. General Stilwell wondered for a moment if Stryker might have reached the point of burn out. Damn it Stryker! Snap out of this depression and self-pity! We need you back, one hundred percent! The world needs you and so do I! More than that, Candace is going to need you to be the strong S.O.B. she remembers! Damn it, I do not care who needs me! I have laid it all out for God and country! Yes, it was my decision, but I do not need you telling me what I need to do! If it were not for me, this world would be going crazy with terrorist attacks! I put my soldiers asses on the line everyday while the weak-kneed politicians, who run this country, just fuck it up more! Maybe it is time for Stryker Security to close down! You and the damn world can figure it out on your own what needs to be done about the killers! Back off! I almost got a beautiful person killed because of what I do. Nothing is worth Candace being hurt. Get out! yelled a very angry Stryker.
A sad look was on the General Stilwells face. Yeah, his friend may have indeed snapped. The world would be a worse place because of it. Everything Stryker had said was true. Stryker was not in it for the glory. He was a firm believer that someone had to stand up and make a difference. Solomon Stryker was the only one who answered that call. That may not be the case any longer.
General Stilwell knew that if Stryker quit, he himself would retire. Without Stryker being there, the General knew it would be useless trying to deal with those damn politicians on the Hill! Hell, they were afraid to say the word terrorist let alone try to figure out how to replace a man like Stryker. There was no replacing him! General Stilwell did not want to be in the theater if Stryker was not right there beside him!
Okay son, Ill leave you alone. Just one more thing before I leave; Candace is asking to see you. Go see her. You at least owe her that. With that, the General turned and walked out wondering if he would ever see or hear from Stryker again!

Chapter 19
Mohammed Al Akbar was becoming extremely worried about the failure of his men! All but one of his elite inner-circle was dead or captured. Facial recognition systems were their undoing! The ones captured were the ones that worried him the most. Would they be tortured for the information that would bring his ultimate downfall and deal a fatal blow to The Brotherhood?
Al Akbar knew that Stryker did not know of him directly. He survived the day that Stryker had attacked the terrorists for killing the NATO troops. As far as Stryker knew, his method of complete destruction and death had left no one alive. Al Akbar could walk right under Strykers nose and Stryker would not give him a second look! A second look   maybe, just maybe! Maybe the way to destroy Stryker was to walk up to him! It would mean the loss of his own life, but that damned Stryker, who had maimed his body years back, would also be gone!
Only few knew of Mohammed Al Akbar. He never allowed himself to be photographed or filmed, allowing him the freedom of movement. When he did go out, he dressed as a poor beggar with crippling disabilities. No one looked at him because that would mean acknowledging a beggar and might require them to part with some of their precious coin! They fought to take down the West, the hated Zionists, and place Allah as supreme throughout the world. It would bring all to their knees as they pledged themselves to Allah and the Prophet or die! They fought and died for Allah, but they will not even acknowledge a beggar! Things needed to change!
The Western influence was starting to bleed into his world. That too would change when they assumed world domination! The so-called followers of Allah and the Prophet would have the Western ways driven out of them or pay with their lives! Allah wanted a pure worship. They would tolerate nothing less of the true followers! They would present a world to Allah that had nothing but true believers! Al Akbar had decided if the last of his inner circle should fail, then he would take it upon himself to complete the mission to destroy Stryker! Al Akbar knew it had to be this way.
Al Akbar tried to move to different locations, where other sects of the fighters for Allah were located. The leaders of the Taliban had sent out the word that Al Akbar was not welcome anywhere and if he was seen, he was to be killed, easing the wrath of Stryker. Even the country that worried the West and its Allies the most, Iran had turned him away. They had an objective of their own and did not need Al Akbar creating an issue that would bring Stryker's Forces after them, before they completed their plans.
No, it would be up to him. He needed to make contact with his last man. Then, start working on a plan to get himself into the United States, undetected. If he failed, then he, Al Akbar, would complete the mission, himself!

Chapter 20
Candace lay on her hospital bed. She had since sent her father out, ordering him to get something to eat and to get some rest. He looked as if he had not slept in days, and that was probably the case. The nurses came in, removed one I.V. and her catheter, and had even walked her up and down the hallway to start building up the strength in her legs  When they brought her back to the room, the nurses had helped her shower. Candace could not believe the growth of stubble on her legs and under arms! She took time to remedy that! After brushing out her hair, she looked at herself for a moment in the mirror. What she saw shocked her. She had lost weight. She looked drawn and pale Damn, lost my tan! Candace also realized that a visit to the hairdresser was in her near future.
Since her father had left, she had taken time to review her memories that she had and incorporated the information her father had told her. It was like a dream, no, worse than that, it was like a nightmare she brought back to the waking world! Almost five weeks of her life had been lost to a concussion and coma. Candaces talk with her doctor made her realize that she was actually lucky to be alive, ambulatory, and not mentally impaired! The question remained as to how she felt about all of this. Should she sue? If she sued, whom would she sue? Did they even offer insurance against terrorism? Candace knew Sol did not plan to put her in harm's way, she was sure of that. Yeah, she had made a mess of things by her and Als actions and there was good news about Al! Al was now one of the good guys and working for Stryker! She was extremely happy for Al! Now where did that leave her?
While taking her shower, Candace realized that the tracker was no longer there! What was it the Captain had said? Sol was the only one with the key. That means Sol had removed it! That generated another question! Why? Did Sol want rid of her? I dont suppose I could blame him. Ive been nothing but a headache for him since we met! Speaking of a headache, she was starting to get a whopper of one.
Candace reached over to the TV controller and pushed the Nurse Button. When the voice came over the receiver and asked how they could help her, she told them she needed something for a bad headache. They promised they would check her chart, see what she could be given, and be there to give her medication in a few minutes. It seemed like it was taking the nurse more than a few minutes to bring her medication and Candaces head was hurting worse. Candace heard a knock on her door, and when it opened, a man decked out all in black walked through the door. Sol! I hear your head is giving you the same headache that youve been giving me! he chuckled.
Arent you so funny? You just came by to give me a worse headache than I already have! Candace teased. Headaches are my specialty, especially when it comes to nosy reporters! Stryker laughed. Candace loved his laugh. It made his face light up to beoh god; can he get any better looking? Administer my medication, nurse! commanded Candace. Okay Ms. Austin, just please roll over and lower your drawers! said a serious looking Stryker. Hell no, you dont get to check out my ass that easily! Im not dropping my drawers for a man I just met! squealed Candace. Oh, I bet you have before! Come on, admit it! laughed Stryker. I will have to take the fifth on that, nurse! laughed Candace. Here, take these pills with some water. The nurse said to tell you that they would take affect in about thirty minutes, or so, instructed Stryker. He handed Candace the pills, then helped her with the cup of water.
When Candace had finished, Stryker looked at her and said, By the way, Ms. Austin, we havent just met! We have known each other for over five weeks! I still have not got my first kiss let alone got to third base! You sure know how to make it hard for a guyoh god, I didnt mean it that way! said Stryker as he shook his head at the stupid remark. Candace broke out into a fit of laughter then grabbed the sides of head. Hey take it easy on me! No more jokes! Your jokes are bad enough, but they are making my headache worse! said a grimacing Candace.
Im sorry, Candace. It just came out. I bow to the opinions of my audience. No more jokes. I promise...well at least I will do my best. Maybe it would be better if I left for now and let you rest. I can come back later when your headache is gone. Stryker said, as he started backing toward the door. No, please dont leave. I want to talk to you. Just do not make me laugh for at least thirty minutes. Please stay. a serious Candace, requested. Stryker paused. He did not know what it was Candace wanted talk about. He was already struggling with his emotions being this close to her. He was realizing how deep his feelings for her had grown. While he was building feelings for her, she was in a coma. Unless she was dreaming of him while she was in a coma, it would just be a pain of rejection for Stryker.
Should he say he had business to take care of? No, that would be a lie. Stryker hated liars, so he would not become one now. At this time, he was not sure if he would ever go back to business. He may close it down or sell it to the Government. No, he would stay and talk about anything Candace wanted to talk about, even if it meant him struggling with his emotions.
If you have somewhere you have to be, I understand, said a disappointed Candace. Ms. Austin, there is no other place I would rather be than sitting here talking to you. Stryker smiled at her when he said that. First off, call me Candace or Candy. All my friends call me Candy. No more Ms. Austin, agreed? asked Candace. Candace is a great name. I like Candace better. I do not know if you are a sweet enough of an individual yet, to be calling you Candyoh damn, no more jokes. Sorry Candace Stryker grimaced at his remark.
Candace looked at him and smiled. This wonderfully, beautiful man, knew how to fight terrorists, had some interesting gadgets in his cool car, and made her want to know him better! She had never fallen hard for someone, but she wondered if he might just be the one! No, wait a minute. What was she thinking! He might be married or have a significant other! Was he gay? All these questions and here she is thinking she could possibly develop a relationship with him! Here I go, just out of a coma and I am already making mistakes! That is when she heard Stryker say something. Would you care to share your thoughts? asked Stryker.
Candace looked at his face. He looked so amazingly gorgeous. No, stop that! Without thinking, she looked at his ring finger. He followed her eyes to where she was looking. No, Im not married or involved. And in case it has crossed that reporters mind of yours, Im not gay. laughed Stryker. Damn he is good! For your information, big boy, Im not a reporter. I am a journalist! I can spell that for you if you need me to! Do not flatter yourself! What makes you think I was even wondering those things about you? Candace gave Stryker a hard look. Stryker started laughing, I am so sorry, Candace. I guess I am not very good at reading your mind. Candace had to smile. She would not admit it to him, but she was really enjoying talking to him! Admit it, you just like torturing me! smiled Candace. Come to think about it, you are right. Cross me and Ill have you blown up by terrorists! Oh god! Stryker hated himself as the last word came out. I am so sorry. That was not just in bad taste, it is unforgivable. You might have died! That is not a joke. I am so sorry.
Candace saw the pain in Strykers face. She reached her hand over and took his chin in her palm, and turned his head to where he looked her straight in the eye, Listen to me Solomon Stryker. You did nothing to hurt me. You dont owe me an apology. We both know why I was there. It was my fault, not yours. I dont want you to feel like you cant talk to me about anything, ever! We share a common event. Now whether that is good or bad, time will tell. Just promise me you will never shut me out. Candace felt a tear run down her cheek.
Stryker saw the tear, reached over, and smoothed it off her cheek. He then said something he thought he would never hear himself say, I will always talk to you about everything. I will never shut you out. Stryker felt like a new world had just opened up to him! Though he could not believe what he had said, he knew he meant every word of it!
Candace and Stryker talked for another two hours, but could see that Candace was starting to wear down. He knew it was time to let her rest. Stryker said, Hey, kiddo. I am going to let you sleep for a little while. You are still recovering. Do not worry; I will take good care of your father. We will probably be here when you wake up. Candace was not going to stop him this time. She was having a hard time keeping her eyes open. Okay, I think I will sleep for a while. Promise me you will be back, asked a tired Candace. You can count on it Candace. Ive been here for you every day and Im not about to stop now! said Stryker.
Candace smiled up at him. Stryker bent over Candace and placed a lingering kiss on her forehead. Sleep well, Candace! said Stryker as he started walking away. Sol! said Candace. Stryker turned back to Candace. You need your sleep! I will be back. Hush! Go to sleep. he whispered. I heard you, said Candace. Stryker looked at her with a puzzled look. I heard you say Come back to me, and I knew I had to come. With that, Candace closed her eyes and finally slept. Stryker walked to the nearest bathroom, locked the door, and all of the pent up emotions came to the front. He was no longer just someone to do the work no one else could do. It now seemed some one really cared for him.

Chapter 21
The hospital finally released Candace. They recommended that she stay close for a few weeks for follow-up examinations. Candace said she would either make hotel reservations or find a short-term rental cottage until the doctor released her.
Stryker and Bud were standing there when Candaces doctor released her. Stryker said, She already has a place to stay and it is just a thirty minute helicopter flight to the hospital, if that type of transport should arise! Candace looked at Stryker and he smiled at her. Her father just smiled and patted her on the shoulder. She did not know what these two were up to, but she didnt ask any questions at that time.
Candace was enjoying her courtesy wheelchair ride when a limousine pulled up. The driver came and opened the door, looked at Candace and said, Your ride is here, madam. Candace could not believe it! Sol had arraigned a limousine ride for her! Stryker pushed the wheelchair up to the limo. He helped Candace to her feet. They ended up facing each other in very close proximity. Stryker looked into her eyes and felt sensations he had not felt in a very long time! Before he could stop himself, he pulled Candace to him and held her tight. He knew he did not want to let go.
It was then that Candace said, I know this is a touching moment for both of us, but youre about to crush me. Im going to need CPR if you dont let go! Stryker shook himself out of the moment and released his hold on her. He sheepishly looked at her and started to say, Im so Candace placed her finger against his lips and said, Dont apologize! If you had not hugged me I was going to grab you myself, you big lug! she laughed. Stryker felt relieved. The hug meant so much to him, that he had zoned out for the moment. At least she had wanted and enjoyed the hug as much as he had. Stryker then helped Candace and her father into the limo. He quickly followed them.
Once he closed the door, Candace commented on the smoked black windows. Stryker explained he wanted her to have privacy as well as an enjoyable ride. The real reason was so that no one would see her and trace her back to him. He intended to protect her in every way he could. Candace asked, Okay guys, where to? Stryker said, Home! They were going home. She loved the limousine, but they would have to ride in it all the way to Chicago? She was enjoying the ride, but not that much! Candace asked, Uh, I grew up in Chicago. Are we actually going to drive that far? Stryker started laughing. I meant your temporary home. You and your father will be my guest as long as you want to; or at least until you are finally released from your doctor care. Candace could not wait until she saw her new home. Probably a typical bachelor pad, set up for the boys to come over and watch all the games in front of a sixty inch, high definition television. This ought to be interesting!
They had been driving a little over an hour when she felt the limo slow and come to a stop. The driver opened the door and Stryker got out. He reached his hand down and helped her out. She started looking around and her eyes opened very wide. Wow, are all these cars and motorcycles yours? asked Candace. Yes, Ive collected them over the years. If you look over in the corner, youll see our old friend that saved your life, stated Stryker.  Candace saw the Camaro sitting there, all dented up, really scratched badly and the glass spider webbed. She took in a sharp breath and said, I am so sorry, Sol. That was such a cool car and now it is a mess! Can it be fixed? It probably could, but the blast twisted the frame pretty bad. The good news is it performed exactly the way I designed it to. The body and under carriage armor panels withstood the blast and the bulletproof glass protected you from flying shrapnel and bullets. Overall, it was well worth its destruction because it kept you alive. I already have a new one currently going through the build process with additional weaponry and other upgrades to be added, and to show you how sorry I am about what you went through, I am having you one built as well with armor plating as well as bullet proof glass.
Candace could not believe it! She was getting a rolling tank of her own! Do I get all the cool gadgets too? Baby steps, Candace, baby steps! laughed Stryker. Hey I want some cool gadgets! I could be a female James Bond! laughed Candace. I would like to think of you more as a female Inspector Gadget! Stryker responded. All three laughed at that.  Stryker said, Lets get you home. I dont want to tire you out too much on your first day out of the hospital.
Candace would not argue with that. She was starting to feel a little tired. Candace and her father followed Stryker over to a wall. He inserted a keycard into a slot. A portion of the wall slid open to reveal an elevator. Candace looked at him. Stryker saw her look and shrugged his shoulders. When the elevator opened up, all three entered. Candace saw two buttons. One had a G for what she assumed was the garage where they were and a 1 button for the first floor.
Stryker inserted a keycard into the control panel; the panel opened and an iris and palm scanner folded out, as well as buttons that had a 2 and a 3 on them. Once he had been authorized by the scanners, Stryker pushed the 3 button and the doors to the elevator closed. The elevator moved up past the first floor and when it stopped, she saw a 3 on the display.  Candace looked at Sol again. Stryker told her, The day to day operations of my business, a cafeteria and my employees child care center are on the first floor. The second floor requires a high security clearance to access. The third floor is my home, which only a few of my most trusted personnel have access to.
It was then that the elevator door opened and Candace could not believe what she saw! It was a designers paradise. This was not what she expected! It was beautiful! In the center of everything, was a beautiful, white Yamaha Grand Piano. She just walked around amazed at how beautiful Sols home was! This man was more and more of a mystery to her with everything he showed her!
Stryker said, Your father already knows this, but while you are staying with me, you have full access to use anything and everything in my home. There are fresh meats, vegetables, fruits, and desserts. Should there be anything, you should want or need I will give you a number to call. The number is for my personal assistant, Brandi Simons. She will be glad to assist you with anything.
Stryker wrote Brandis number down for them. He then said, Now for the bedroom accommodations. Your father is already set up in his. Stryker opened the door to her fathers room. Wow! Candace saw a beautiful spacious bedroom, with a queen size bed, and everything else you would need. It even had its own bathroom! Stryker then said, Now lets get you situated, Candace. They walked to a door and opened it up. This room earned a double wow! It was enormous and had a king size bed and its own large bathroom. It had beautiful dressers and chests as well as an enormous walk in closet!  Stryker said, This is my bedroom and also where you will be sleeping! That startled Candace. Now hold on tiger! I dont think Im ready for a roomy, a wide-eyed Candace stated. Stryker started laughing again. Well you cant blame me for trying! No seriously, this is your bedroom. I have three bedrooms and Ill be using the other one. Candace felt blood running to her face. When Stryker saw her blushing, he decided it was time to change the subject. I need you and your father to come with me. I have something I need to show you. Stryker told them.
They followed him over to a wall. Okay, thought Candace, a real nice wall. Nice but what was he doing! Stryker showed them. Candace, I want you to push on the wall right here. Just push easy. Candace did as Sol told her and showed her. She jumped back when devices came out of the wall. The top device is what is called an iris scanner. Our iris is as individual as our fingerprints and DNA. The lower panel is a palm scanner. It will read your entire palm, just like a fingerprint, but more of an extensive reading. This is interesting, but what has it got to do with us? asked Candace. Stryker looked into the iris scanner and placed his hand on the palm scanner. A moment later, a rush of air sounded and a door slid open. Candace mouthed WOW when she saw what was inside.
This is a secure room. Correctly speaking, it is my secure room. As you see, there are quite a few computers, screens as well as other devices. These are not to be touched, as they will alert my security teams to an attempted unauthorized access. We wouldnt want that to happen, now would we Candace? Stryker winked at her. Candace stuck her tongue out at him. Stryker grinned back. The reason I am showing you this is; as you well know, my business can be at times very dangerous. Most of the time, it is just day to day business, and as far as you will be concerned, things might be boring. However, in case a serious incident starts or occurs at this location, you are to enter the secure room. You will hit the red button there on the wall and the door will seal behind you. The secure room will protect you even better than the Camaro!
Once the red button is pushed, a loud alarm will sound throughout the whole building. The entire building will seal tight and secure immediately. The childcare center will be impenetrable, sealing the children in the underground bunker. All of my non-security personnel will enter a secure room, which will allow them access to the bunker as well. All of Stryker Security personnel will immediately assess the situation and Stryker Commandos will react to it. The door will only open when I open it or by my top security personnel, once the situation has been resolved.
Stryker then took the next few minutes programming Candace and her fathers iris as well as their palm prints. He had them attempt entry to ensure it worked correctly. Candace was impressed. Sol just kept her head spinning the rest of the evening. He fixed them supper of fresh salmon, a nice pasta salad with garlic sticks. He then offered them both fresh strawberry shortcake, but they both declined.
It was around seven oclock in the evening. Candace excused herself to take a shower and organize her things. Bud said he was going to make it an early evening. Stryker finished cleaning up. He poured himself a glass of wine, walked over to the piano, and started playing it. When Candace was coming out of her room, she heard piano music. Candace was not familiar with the tune. She walked into the front room and was shocked! The top of the piano was in the up position on its prop rod, and Sol was sitting on the stool playing the piano. Candace padded up to him and watched as his fingers floated over the keyboard. It was a beautiful, yet a sad sounding song.
When Stryker finished, Candace asked him what the song was. Stryker said, It is a John Denver song called: Goodbye Again. What is it about? asked Candace. It is basically a relationship break up song. A couple, who when they leave each other, continually fight instead of making a clean, friendly break. explained Stryker.  That would be a sad way to be, said Candace. It is the story of my life and relationships. laughed Stryker. Candace had her doubts about that! Candace sat down on the sofa and relaxed and Sol poured them both some wine. Candace asked Sol, I dont in any way want to sound ungrateful, but why are you doing this? You know, for my father and me. You are going way out of your way to help two virtual strangers. I know that technically we have known each other for five weeks, but still, what you are doing is more than anyone could expect.
Stryker sat on the sofa, taking an occasional sip of wine, while trying to determine the correct way to answer her question. Honestly Candace, in the past I would never have done this. I do not want you to feel embarrassed or feel that I am trying to pressure you in any way. Something happened the moment I saw you at War's End, through the issue at the military lockup, what we went through with the explosion and then spending time with you while you were in your coma, brought emotions out in me that Ive never felt before. What are you talking about, Sol? asked Candace. Again, Stryker had to take time to find the right words. Not having dealt with this before, he was not sure how to broach the topic. I told you that I would tell you everything and I will do my best to tell you what Im feeling and what I am thinking. Stryker paused again. I feel a connection to you that I have ever felt with another person, other than my parents. I do not know how to express how I feel. I look at you and I know you are the woman I spent hours reading to and praying that you would come back from your injury. Now, sitting here talking to you, I have feelings rushing in that I cannot explain. I know I sound like Im rambling, but I just dont know how to express what I feel.
Stryker looked down, knowing he was probably making a fool of himself. Heres the great Solomon Stryker, a man whose name strikes fear in the heart of any terrorist and feels like a child in front of this woman. Stryker finally looked up, and saw a tear running Candaces cheek. He did not know what to say or do next. Candace, at that moment, took control of the situation. She got up, walked over to Sol, and had him stand up. She reached up, put her arms around Sols neck, and gave him a nice long kiss. When they broke the kiss, Candace said. I know Sol, I feel it too! Goodnight Solomon Stryker!



Chapter 22
It was 0500 hours. It was time to start a new day for Stryker, who got up and put on his work out shorts, half t-shirt, and tennis shoes. He walked out of his bedroom to head down to the gym for his daily workout, which he had stopped, while he recuperated. He came to a stop. Where was that coffee smell coming from? Stryker slowly walked toward his kitchen and saw Candace, standing in her pajamas, sipping on a cup of coffee. Candace had yet to notice him standing there, watching her. It felt nice to have someone to wake up to, however long that may last. Stryker was not sure how to alert Candace to that fact that he was standing there without giving her a fright. He just decided to walk by her and get a cup. It did not work! She yelped, jumped back spilling coffee on the floor and on herself.
Why did you not say something? admonished Candace. You scared me out of ten years of my life! Stryker laughed, I am not used to someone being here, let alone being up when I am. Are you alright? Well a little burned, and now with a mess to clean up! Why are you up so early? asked Candace. Stryker said, I could ask you the same thing! I am up this early every morning. This is when I do my work out before I start my day. By the way, I am sorry about the scare, but man can you jump high off the ground! Stryker really started laughing then. Candace was finally starting to get over her fright. She had reached for a towel to dry herself off, and then started to clean off the floor.  Stryker said, Let me clean the floor, and since youre up, why dont you change into something and come join me in the gym?
It was then that Candace noticed how Sol was dressed. Oh my good god in heaven Candace thought! The man is solid muscle! His stomach was tight! The abs, oh, the abs, are like washboards! His arms were enormous! His legs were also solid muscle. She knew this picture was one she never wanted to lose! She had finally met Adonis! Stryker was starting to feel a little embarrassed by Candaces staring. He finally asked, Uh Candace, is that a yes or no?
Candace shook herself out of her reverie realizing she had been standing there ogling the man Candace was completely embarrassed. To smooth over the situation and save some face, she said, without looking at Sol, Give me just a minute and Ill be ready! As she left, Stryker smiled. It was nice to have someone appreciate him again. As for Candace, she closed the bedroom door behind her, fell forward on the bed, and thought somehow she had died and gone to heaven! She was living with a god who felt something for her! Can it get any better?
Candace finally came out of her room decked out in sweats. She looked over to Sol and said, Ready partner. Lets go burn some calories! Stryker shook his head, looked at Candace, and said, Were not going to worry about calories for you. We are going to start building up your endurance. You were in a hospital bed, flat on your back for a little over a month. You lost muscle tone, strength and the ability to endure common things such as long walks or normal day-to-day events that require you to be able to outlast the strength drain. Once we build up your endurance we will start with strength training and if you like, I will train you in some martial arts moves for basic protection. Candace considered what Sol had said and had to agree. She knew it did not take very much to tire her. She said, I put myself in your hands, just in case I pass out from exhaustion, no taking advantage of me!
Stryker looked shocked! Me, take advantage of you? Just remember one thing; this is a completely secure building. There is security cameras located throughout this whole building. My home is the only exception. It has security cameras everywhere, but the only thing that will activate those cameras is the pushing of the red button in the secure room. Monitoring is continuous in the secure room, so for me to take advantage of you, without having an audience, would be here in my home. Since I detest pornography, taking advantage of you is not on my list of things to do!
It was Candaces turn to be shocked! Hey I was only kidding! I never thought you would take advantage of me! Really, I would never think you would do that! Stryker looked slyly at Candace and said, Yeah, but you fantasize about it, dont you! Stryker winked at her. Candace punched Sol in the shoulder and said, You wish! Candace immediately regretted hitting Sol! Now along with being weak, her hand hurt like hell!
When they came off the elevator on the second floor, they had to turn either right or left. Stryker motioned for Candace to turn left. Candace asked. Whats down the other way? Only authorized personnel are allowed down that direction, and at this time you are not authorized. Well decide that sometime later. Oh, okay Mr. Mysterious! However, I understand it takes time to build trust. I hope someday youll find that in me. Candace, it is not about trust. I would love to show you everything we do here, but some of it is highly classified. It will take time for us, working together, to build up your classification, if that is what you want. a serious Stryker replied. Candace noticed Sol saying us working together and she liked the sound of that. I might just take you up on that offer, said a quiet Candace. I hope you do, Candace, replied Stryker. First; lets get some strength back in your body.
That day, they began their daily routine, building her bodys strength back up. The one thing that Stryker remembered from the first time Candace walked into the gym was Candaces squeal, A tanning bed! Come to momma! Stryker remembered just shaking his head and having to physically drag her away from it!

Chapter 23
Abd al samad Bashir was in a quandary. He knew that his fellow brothers had all failed. It was now his responsibility to eliminate Solomon Stryker! He had to do something different to get into the United States. Once there, he would be able to contact a terrorist cell, which would help him with a passport, additional identification, and funds. They were aware of what his goal was, but had received orders not to be involved in Bashirs mission; they would give him the tools he needed to complete his assignment, but would not have any further involvement.
Abd al samad Bashir had came into the United States the way a lot of Mexicans had, he had hired a mule in Lerdo, Mexico, which is in the Chihuahua part of the Mexico/Texas border. Bashir crossed over into El Paso, Texas. Before they had made their crossing, Bashir had done something that made his hatred for Solomon Stryker even worse; he had shaved off his beard. He had grown his beard out, in the traditions of his faith, and all the men in his family. Shaving his beard was something hard to do, but to try to fit in as much as he could, as a Mexican peasant, it was necessary. The mule had given him clothes to change into, that made him fit in even more. When they had crossed, the American Border Patrol had noticed their crossing immediately. Bashir knew that during a night crossing, the Border Patrol used mainly heat signatures to track illegal aliens, only using night vision goggles when they started to close in on someone. 
Bashir could not afford for the authorities to find him! If caught, they would know he was not a Mexican and then they would detain him further until they verified his identification. He would not allow that to happen! He was kneeling down with five Mexicans. He knew that this was his one and only chance to make it. With darkness as his aide, he pulled a long, double-edged knife from its scabbard and with some struggling, overcame all five, killing them quickly and decisively. Now there would be five heat signatures for them to capture. Bashir gambled that the Border Patrol would ignore the one they saw running. He prayed, to Allah, that the Border Patrol would be more interested in catching the larger number, than just one lone runner. To his credit, he had been correct. The Border Patrol encircled the five, allowing Bashir to escape!
Bashir slowly worked his way into the outskirts of El Paso. Once he felt secure, he pulled out a burn cell phone and called the only number programmed on it. When the voice on the other end picked up, Abd al samad Bashir told the listener that he had made it into the country and by looking at the street signs gave where his location was. Someone would be there in thirty minutes. His instructions were then to destroy the phone. After ending the call, Bashir deleted the number from the phone, found a good size rock, and smashed the phone into small pieces. Satisfied it was destroyed, he praised Allah for his success and began working on the next phase of his plan; killing Solomon Stryker!

Chapter 24
Stryker got a call he had dreading. It was General Stilwell. Stryker answered the phone, Hello General l. It has been quite a while since we last spoke. Stryker was silent for a moment. He finally said, Though I would prefer to say this in person, sir, I apologize for my outburst at the hospital. I meant no disrespect and everything I said was simply me taking out my frustration on the person nearest me at the time. I was totally out of line with you. I hope you can find it in you to forgive me.
The line on the other end was quiet for a moment and then General Stilwell said, Honestly Stryker, it shocked me at first, but then I realized it wasnt personal. You needed to let out all of the pent up feelings you carried. I just happened to be the one to push that button. That is why I have been doing most of my conversing with Josh. I wanted to give you the time you needed to sort out things. I was hoping you have had enough time. Yes sir, I am ready to go back to work! stated Stryker. Good! I need you at the Base as soon as you can get here.
Since Candace needed to go back for her check up, Stryker decided to make it an outing for both of them. He called out to Candace, Candace, how long will it take you to get ready? Where are we going? asked Candace. General Stilwell needs me at the Base and you need to go in for your check up. I thought we would make a day of it and grab some dinner on the way back, replied Stryker. Hey! Are you asking me out on a date, big boy? teased Candace. Stryker thought about it for a minute. How do you answer that one, Mr. Bad Ass? Yeah, well, I guess I am at that. Stryker answered. Well, its about time! laughed Candace.
Candace came out of the bedroom with a yellow sundress and sandals on with her hair in a ponytail. She was so beautiful that it made Strykers heart skip a beat. Stryker was dressed in black slacks, dress shoes and a nice black pullover shirt. Of course, he was packing his gun on his hip. Candace looked at the gun and said, Youre going to carry a gun on our date? Thats not very sexy! Stryker said, Ill try not to make it too noticeable. In my line of business, you know I have to be armed. I understand armed, said Candace. But do you have to have it on your hip? Sol thought for a moment; then went into his secure room and came back andno gun on his hip! I have a 38 caliber pistol strapped to my ankle. Still armed, but sexy! laughed Stryker. Candace winked at him and shook he head in agreement.
Candace and Sol took the elevator down to the garage. When the door opened, Candace pouted, What, no limo? Stryker laughed. That is only for special occasions, not that this isnt a special occasion; because it is, but I had something else in mind. Candace walked over to Stryker, placed her arms around his neck, and said, Just how special is this thing you have in mind? Candace could feel the hardness of his southern member grow with intensity! She knew she was embarrassing him, but she just felt naughty today! In fact, she felt downright naughty! Maybe a quick ride back up the elevator was what they both needed!
Candace started trying to attempt to push Sol toward the elevator. Stryker immediately realized what she was trying to do. He took a hold of each of her arms and whispered in her ear, The day is young and we have a lot to do! He guided her over to a tarp-covered vehicle. He told Candace she had to close her eyes. Candace closed and covered them. Stryker quickly pulled the tarp off the car and said, Open your eyes! When Candace opened her eyes, she screamed! There sat a brand new Chevrolet Camaro SS! It was Candy Apple Red with white racing stripes. It was beautiful! She could not believe it! Was this hers? Is this your new car, Sol? she asked. No Candace, this is all yours. The cars design it to my specifications. Like my other Camaro, it has light armor plating all around, in the roof, and on the underside. It has heavy gauge bulletproof glass as well, but I have something for you to look at! Stryker had Candace go to the back of the car. Where the license plate was, wrapping paper covered it. He told Candace to unwrap it. When she did, she laughed with delight! The license plate said CANDYSS! Come on said Stryker, when Candace stopped laughing. Lets head to the Base.
Candace started to get in the passenger side when Sol whistled to her and pointed at the drivers side. I even get to drive! Wow! Candace ran around to the drivers side of the car; grabbed the keys from Sol and said, Get in! Ive a jet to launch and rubber to burn! Stryker just shook his head. This might not have been such a good idea! Both finished buckling into their five-point harness, Stryker asked, Now this is a six speed manual transmission. Can you even drive a manual transmission? Just sit back and hold on to your seat! Whoa, wait a minute, said Stryker. I need to show you a few things, first. Under the gearshift knob is a plastic red cover. If you flip that up, it will reveal the nitrous trigger. Remember when I pulled the trigger on the old Camaro and it took off like a rocket? asked Stryker. Candace nodded that she did remember. I had them place the plastic trigger guard over the trigger so you dont accidentally pull it. Unless you have experienced it, you will not know how to handle the boost in horsepower. Ill let you try it out at a later date.
Candace asked about the lower panel on the dashboard. Sol said, Just say call and the name of the person and it will open up. Candace said, Call Sol! To her surprise, it opened up just as the other Camaro panel had. Sols phone began to ring. He showed the screen on his phone and it showed Candaces Car. The two screens folded out just like the other car. There were only two switches and two buttons. Hey! said Candace. Where are all my gadgets? Remember I am the female Inspector Gadget! Stryker sighed.
You will get more gadgets as you go through a special training I have designed for you. Right now, the two switches and buttons are all you need. One is for a front EMP pulse and the other is for a rear EMP pulse. They will disable a vehicle, from behind, if someone is chasing you or if they are in front trying to block your escape. See, one has an F and one has an R. I think that is self-explanatory. The one thing to remember, any vehicle in the vicinity of the front or rear will also be disabled, so you have to use extreme care, should you need to use them! explained Stryker
What about the screens? Do they work like the other Camaro? asked Candace. Yes, they are exactly the same. We can broadcast satellite images to you; GPS coordinates or even have a person-to-person chat. The roof of your car has a three hundred and sixty degree panning live video camera on it. The technician or CO that you are working with can advise you to your surroundings and help you navigate.
If you hear the buzzer sound, your dashboard panel will open just as it did when Josh called us about the terrorists, so we can communicate with you. Just say open and the panel will open if you need any kind of help anytime. There will be someone talking to you immediately, explained Stryker.
Can you track my car? asked Candace. Any Stryker vehicle can and is monitored, especially when they are on the move. If somehow you are disabled, we can get personnel right to you. Remember, the car is you secure room when you are in it. Do not get out of your car if you feel scared or threatened! Stay put. The typical bad guy has nothing in his arsenal that will cause you any problems. We might have to repair some scratches and dings, but that is okay. We just dont want to be having to repair you! Candace reached over and placed a kiss on Sols cheek. I know you will never let anyone hurt me. You are the only man that has made me feel safe! Stryker grimaced when he said, I will always try to be there to keep you safe; but you first have to learn everything I teach you and to make it a part of you. That is the only way I can keep you from harm when you are not with me. Do you promise me that you will?
Candace realized Sol was being deadly serious, I more than promise. I want to always come home to you safely, but, you must make the same promise! said an also serious Candace. Stryker smiled and said, I made that promise weeks ago. Candace smiled back at him. Now lets ease out of the garage and start heading towards the Base, instructed Stryker. Candace turned over the ignition and felt that same power as with the other Camaro. She put the shifter in first gear and eased out of the garage. When she got out onto the street, she punched the gas pedal, sinking them both into their seats. When she finally hit third gear, she eased the car down to the speed limit. She looked over to Stryker and smiled.
Stryker could feel a big headache starting to come on and thought, Oh my god, what have I done? Stryker gave Candace a mean look and Candace just shrugged her shoulders and headed towards the Base.



Chapter 25
Once at the Base, Candace gave Stryker a quick hug, promising to see him after her check up. Stryker headed to the Generals office. He saw Sergeant Alley and threatened to break his neck if he saluted him. Since you started going steady with your girlfriend, youre no fun anymore! Has she got your High School ring too? laughed Scott Alley. Stryker said, One of these days Alley; one of these days! Stryker closed the door behind him. The General motioned him around to the back of the desk and showed him a picture.
Stryker saw five dead men. They all appeared to be of Spanish or of Mexican descent. A professional assassin had cut their throats. Okay, we have, what appear to be, five dead Spaniards or Mexicans with a pro throat cut. I will start with the big question: Where and when did they find them? If they were illegally crossing the border, why kill them? That would damage their mules business, if it were found his people were being killed. They were found two nights ago. Before they found them, FLIR readers followed them running up to this point, with a sixth individual. The Border Patrol was on the scene in ten minutes. One heat signature moved away quickly, which created a situation that had the Border Patrol to go after the five, creating a higher amount to be caught. reasoned the General. The killer was a pro and knew how the border patrol would react, surmised Stryker. To kill five people that quickly and have time to run; was a calculated risk. The sixth person knew exactly what to do. He planned the kill! That means we have a very dangerous, loose cannon out among the American public. Any video? asked Stryker.
No recognizable video other than the FLIR video, and before you ask, there were no witnesses. The crossing was at the border, which allowed the sixth person to run into El Paso. Once there, they lost him. Where they last had him on heat sensor, a smashed cell phone was found. Is there anything that can be salvaged from the phone? asked Stryker. It was a standard burn phone. He smashed the electronics beyond being able to retrieve anything there. The good news is; the idiot did not wipe his prints off the phone. We were able to pull his prints, said the General. Anyone we know? asked Stryker. Yes. The Brotherhood must be getting desperate. Hes the second in charge of The Brotherhood! Bashir is here? asked an incredulous Stryker. So it appears my boy, said a weary General. Another good piece of information was we were able to pick up a cell signal that was tracked to a house in El Paso. Guess who had eyes on that house? Homeland Security or the CIA or both. guessed Stryker. Yeah, both as well as the Border Patrol. said the General. Once we gave them the information as to who had successfully infiltrated the country, they immediately stormed the house. Bashir was long gone by that time. He is out there, Stryker, and I would bet my pension, that he is on his way here. I dont know what you did to piss off The Brotherhood, but theyve got a real big hard on for you!
Sir, the only time I ever had a run in with them was at that village. All of the terrorists died there, sir. Surely that would be a loud enough message for them to stay away! Stryker was puzzled. What was happening just did not add up. All other terrorist groups knew once they were on Strykers radar, people were going to die. What is up with The Brotherhood? What if I told you not everybody died that day? What, if perchance, one didnt die and it was that individual that was on a rampage for revenge? asked the General. Are you just surmising or do you actually have Intelligence that one survived? asked Stryker. The General sighed. Now was the time to give Stryker the information that he and Josh had discovered. We received Intel, from paid informants, when the individual had sought asylum in Iran and they turned him away. While you were taking some time to get your head together, Josh and I heard that even Iran wouldnt give the lone survivor of the village any sanctuary, and now he is one of the leaders of The Brotherhood. His name is, Mohammed Al Akbar. He lost part of his left arm and his left eye that day, but survived. Intel states that Al Akbar ordered your death. Son, this is serious! We have to catch Bashir first. We secure Al Akbar or he dies! He has brought the war between you and himself to our shores. So far, the only Americans caught up in it were you and Candace, but that can change quickly. The General waited for the outburst that usually came from Stryker. Surprisingly it did not happen.
Stryker was quiet for a while. The General knew the man in front of him was a genius. He would wait for however long it took Stryker to speak. The General had seen Stryker at work in every aspect of being the killing machine that he was. Yet, Stryker was the first one to deliver food and aid to a village that was peaceful and would not allow terrorists in. Stryker was a multi-faceted individual, but that was what made him known worldwide and the first one sought out for help, when troubles were erupting anywhere in the world.
Stryker finally spoke. General, do we have eyes on Al Akbar? We are closing in on him. The terrorists world knows that Stryker Security Forces are after him. Someone will give him up to get in your good graces. It is just a matter of days or even hours and we will have him, said the General. When he is located, he is to be followed, but do not apprehend him. I will go to him. If it's a fight he wants them; he and I will finish it mano a mano. When I get back to the office, the manhunt for Bashir will intensify. I will be posting a two million dollar reward for information leading up to his capture. That, if nothing else, will either close many doors to him, or open the door that allows his capture. I intend to take away his game plan and start making him play by my rules; bringing him to me on my terms, a tight-lipped Stryker stated. Just be careful, son. We do not want to have The Brotherhood hidden cells causing destruction. This could get bad, quickly, said the General.
If there were any hidden cells left, Bashir wouldnt be here, and Al Akbar wouldnt be on the run. No, there is just the two of them left. When they are gone, The Brotherhood goes with them and everyone will know throughout the extremist world that we can and will wipe you completely off the face of the earth. It is time to send a tougher message to these fanatics, and this is the way to do it.  Do you agree or have you another way? asked Stryker. No, Stryker, Ive got your back son, and you know it. We do it your way and damn anyone who tries to stop us! There is one thing Ive been thinking about for a while that just doesn't add up. The five terrorists in the SUV were able to come to the United States and become one of us in every way, in lifestyle, relationships! How were they able to pass as Americans without one agency looking at them? Where did our intelligence fall short, or did it? pondered Stryker. What are you suggesting, son? asked the General. It was just too perfect. They had to have years to prepare for it. However, my intuition is that they had help in setting themselves up in the way they did. I do not believe it was the Muslim community.
For the most part, the Muslim community is just like us. They want to live their lives, worship in their way, watch their children grow and make something of themselves, asking nothing more than we ask for ourselves. It just does not add up the way most people would think. Of course the Muslim community will take the heat and hate, but I just dont believe they should. Stryker kept thinking while he was talking. What is the answer, Stryker?
General, weve got someone, high up in our government that is greedy and helped set them up for a handsome sum of money. That or someone in our government has an agenda that is not in line with American policy. This remains between you and me, General. I will have the Investigative side of my services to work up a plan to ferret out the traitor without them even knowing they are being setup. I believe you are on to it, son. I am with you all the way. We either win together or burn together. Lets get this shit done!

Chapter 26
Stryker was walking toward the exit when he saw Candace. All of the tense feelings that he had been experiencing for the last hour started easing. It was as if a masseuse was working their magic on his shoulders and back. Funny how having feelings for a woman can have a calming effect on a man! She was all smiles. Did I mention that how I felt when she smiled at me? Yeah, I am a rock! Yeah right. When Candace and I finally met up, she hooked her arm in mine and leaned her head against my shoulder. All thoughts of killings, revenge, terrorists, and all things evil left my mind when she was with me. I was not sure if that was good or bad. I enjoyed it, and I knew I wanted more of that feeling.
I asked Candace how her visit with the doctor went. The doctor said that my brains swelling gone and everything looked normal. There was also no sign of any bleeding. Candace said. Its good to hear some good news today! exclaimed Stryker. Well, the doctor did warn that for some time I may experience some side effects, but he was confident they would disappear in time. We will just have to make some more appointments with your doctor to watch for any side effects. Stryker was seriously concerned until Candace told him the doctor had given her a green light to do whatever she wanted. Candace stopped Stryker in his tracks, looked him in the eye, and said, Are you just trying to keep me here longer? Is it that obvious? Stryker said seriously. Candace and Stryker were about to leave when then they heard Sergeant Alley say, Hey you two, behave yourselves! Stryker quickly turned and threw a quarter down the hall. The yelp he heard let him know his aim was as good as ever! What was that about? asked Candace. Stryker replied, Hes a young pup with a dirty mind!
As they walked out to the car, Candace handed the keys to Stryker. She knew she was feeling a little tired. She asked Stryker to use the remote to open the trunk. She walked back there and placed a bag in it. She reached in it and got a phone and car charger out of it. Stryker said, Hey, whats with the bag? It was some of my belongings that they had found that I left at the Base. Candace replied.
They got in the car and Stryker started heading off the Base while Candace plugged her phone into the car charger. Candace said, Ive been out of circulation for so long, Ive probably got a million voice mails and texts. That should keep me busy for a while!  Not tonight, please! begged Stryker. Hey, we are on our first official date, nothing comes before that! laughed Candace. She thought that is right; we are on our first date! Stryker had completely let it slip his mind! I hope you like great food and excellent wine! said Stryker. I am famished and I cant wait. What do they serve? a puzzled Candace asked wondering where he was taking her. Well, it is a five star restaurant and they prepare the most excellent food from appetizers, to entrees and desserts. The wines are some of the best you can buy. Stryker told her. I dont want you to break the bank on our first date! I mean I thought we would be going for a pizza or something for the first date, not a five star restaurant! said a surprised Candace. Nothing but the best for you! smiled Stryker.
As they came into Clarksville, Stryker drove the up to Wars End and parked the Camaro. Candace looked at Sol with a puzzled look. Uh, Sol, the last time I was here, I sort of got kicked out. The bartender didnt take to me very well. You might want to go somewhere that people dont already have a bad opinion of me. I will not tolerate my date being treated bad by anyone! I happen to know the owner and I will get this corrected! Dont worry, everything will turn out just fine. said a confident Stryker. Uh huh, I bet that bartender is just waiting for me, thought Candace!
They walked in, with Strykers arm entwined with hers. Candace had never felt this high on a first date. Still, that bartender was going to give her a hard time. She just knew it. Once inside, they sat at a very private table. The waiter asked them for their drink order.  Stryker said, I demand that the bartender come and take our order! The waiter raised an eyebrow but agreed to get the bartender. A moment later, the bartender came up to their table. Candace grimaced and leaned against Stryker. The bartender said, Yeah, what is it. Im busy, in case you didnt know! Stryker said, I understand the last time this lady was here, you werent very polite to her! I demand to see the owner! You got it, buddy! said the bartender. He left for a moment and then appeared again, without the owner. Now Candace was really starting to get nervous!
Stryker said, I told you I wanted to speak to the owner! I demand to see him now! Candace was probably starting to hurt Sol as she leaned harder and harder in to him. Alright buddy, speak to him! Andy brought a mirror from behind his back and held it in front of Stryker. He and Andy both had a good laugh about the ruse they had pulled on Candace. What is so funny, thought Candace? Hey, what are you two laughing about? I fail to see the humor in the situation and in how I was treated. Sol I thought you were going to talk to the owner Crap. Sol was the owner! That is why the bartender had Sol look into the mirror! Oh arent you two just so funny! So, Mr. Stryker, you happen to own the place, right? Is this your idea of a way to start a first date? Well, I hope you enjoy it alone. With that, Candace started to get up. She felt a strong hand on her arm.  Im sorry Candace. I did not mean to embarrass you! You were just so terrified of that bartender I couldnt resist having a little fun!
Candace could not think of anything lady like retort to that, so she did the next best thing; she flipped them both the bird. Stryker almost fell out of his chair laughing. When he looked up, he saw a smile starting to cross her face. Well, I guess it is kind of funny. You both really had me going! Okay, Ill give you that one joke for tonight, no more! laughed Candace. I believe you two already know each other. Candace this is Andy. He is not just a bartender and manager of War's End, but one of my closest and trusted friends. The first time you were here, you were just another person asking too many questions about me. My employees and friends are as loyal to me as I am to them. Too many questions and you are suddenly the enemy. I assure you, Andy is way beyond that with you. Ms. Austin, we consider you one of the family. You are to always consider this a part of your home and definitely a safe haven for you. No one would dare try to harm you here. Should something happen while you are here, it would end quick, and badly for anyone who tries to harm you because of the number of Stryker personnel that are here. Now, what would you two young folks like tonight? Their first date became one that both of them were definitely going to remember!

Chapter 27
Stryker and Candace had a great meal. The both talked about various things. Stryker asked Candace if she had heard from her father lately. Bud had headed home two weeks ago. He wanted to get back to Chicago and his friends. Before he left, Stryker had given her father a new Stryker Security phone. The phone could track her father if needed and had a one-touch button to press, should he need help. Stryker told her father that help would be on the way in minutes. In addition, the phone had a unique scrambler it in that only another Stryker phone would understand. Candace felt so much better knowing her father was even safer, in such a crime-ridden city.
Before they left War's End, Strykers phone rang. It was Jake. Hey Stryker, I have some good news for you! Your new Camaro has passed the speed and handling testing! I got a contract with Hendrix Racing to purchase engines from them. Once they heard who it was for, they had no problem signing a contract. I wont bore you with all the details but its way faster than the last one! I leased the entire day for some private time testing at Talladega Super Speedway to see what she would do. I got it to go 185mph in the straight-aways and with an average of 172mph. It will go faster, but it gets a little squirrelly any faster than 185.
I hope I never have to go that fast, especially on interstates! That is great news though! What about armament, were you able to incorporate my new designs? asked Stryker. Yes sir, everything is ready for testing at the military range. Ill have the car over at the base in a week and we will arrange a time to test it to make sure everything works like you designed.
Sounds great, Jake. Just give me a call when the car is back and well meet at the range! Stryker then ended the call. Candace looked at Stryker and asked, Who is Jake and what car were you talking about? Jake works exclusively for me. He is genius when it comes to building anything I need. He has a team of 5 engineers who work with him, all dedicated to Stryker Security. I have a building that is highly classified and more secure than Area 51! Jake modified your car there as well. He was calling me about the new Camaro I had him build for me. It is faster and more deadly than any vehicle that he has ever built for me. Stryker said in low tones.
What makes it a deadly car? asked a confused Candace. Remember how I jumped out of the car to fire on the terrorists, opening myself up to the danger of their rifles and the bomb blast? This car allows me to stay inside and defend myself by new weapons I designed to enhance the car. Anyone attempting to attack will get a shit load of surprises thrown at them! Stryker said with a smile. Will you let me come with you when you test it? asked Candace. You can be in the front seat right next to me! Just get ready to get be amazed on how much safer we would have been if we had this Camaro instead of the other one! a serious Stryker said.
All Candace could think was, big boys and their big toys!

*****
On the way back home, Candace asked Sol what was on his mind. She told him that she could tell, at times, his mind was preoccupied. Stryker hated himself for allowing his thoughts to creep in. It was a date, not work! Stryker said he would talk to her later about what was going on, but promised that she would be the only thing on her mind from here out. Still pumped by their date, Candace hoped for the best. Her phone had completely charged. She hit the end button to turn it on. Once it was up and running it kept chiming, indicating that she had a lot of voice mails as well as text messages, Candace checked the numbers and found that her father had called recently. She took a moment and called him back.
Bud said he was just checking to make sure she was okay. Candace gave him an update on her physical condition and that she was fine And yes she looked over at Stryker when she made the next statement, Dad, Sol is being a perfect gentleman! Candace told her father that she would call him tomorrow. Before she hung up, her father told her to make sure she called Leo. He said Leo was worried about her. Leo? Who in the heck is Leo? Dad, who is this Leo youre talking about? asked Candace. Candace, you honestly dont know who Leo is? asked Bud.  No I dont! Who is he?
Maybe it would be better if you didnt call him. I never did care much for him anyway. Maybe a better idea would be; if he calls, just tell him not to call you or bother you anymore, said Bud. Okay, Dad. Ill let him know. She assured her father that she would update everyone over the next few days. Stryker looked over at Candace and she just shrugged her shoulders. Candace, maybe you need to call this Leo. He is evidently a piece of your past and part of your memory. You cannot ignore a piece of your memory. If you start now, you may not be able to put together all the pieces. This is as good a place to start as any. But I promised you that I wouldnt tonight! pouted Candace.  Its still early. When we get back home, I will be there to help you through the call, if you want. If it looks like it is overloading you, we will stop the call. Are you okay with that? asked Stryker. As long as you stay with me, I believe I can face anything! With that, Candace squeezed his hand.
When they got home, Stryker opened up a bottle of wine. He got two glasses and poured them. He told Candace he was going to take a shower and would be right back. Candace decided to take the time to take a bath. When Candace came back into the front room, she could hear Stryker talking to someone in his secure room. She heard something about two million dollars. She heard him get up and waited for him on the sofa. He finally came in and sat with Candace.
Stryker looked at her and asked, How much of that did you hear? All I heard was two million dollars! What is that about and who has that kind of money? asked Candace.  Stryker told Candace, There are some things going on that I will go over with you later. Right now, I think you have a phone call to make. Hey! Is this how you end a date? asked a frustrated Candace. Stryker laughed, We have all night to sit, drink wine, listen to music, and spend time getting to know each other. The phone call may be just what you need to jump start your memory! Oh, alright, Ill make the phone call, but dont forget we are still on our date and you owe me an interview! pouted Candace.
Both Candace and Stryker walked over to the bar area and sat down next to each other. Candace placed the phone on the bar, set it to speaker phone setting, and dialed the number. It rang a couple of times. A voice said, Candy! Where in the world have you been? I have been worried to death about you. Your father has assured me that you are fine and in a place called Clarksville, Tennessee. What is going on and why havent you returned my texts and calls? Candace looked at Stryker who just shrugged. Um, this is Candace Austin calling for Leo. Are you Leo? asked Candace. Why would you ask that, Candy? Of course, this is Leo! Leo Scalizi! cried the man. Im sorry Leo Scalizi. I know you say you know me, but I do not remember you. I would appreciate it if you would stop calling me and texting me! said an adamant Candace. You want me to what? What have I done? Candy, why are you talking to me like that? Have I done something wrong? Is it someone else? Stryker could hear the frustration in the mans voice. Stryker touched Candaces arm and put his finger to his lips. Stryker said, Mr. Scalizi, my name is Solomon Stryker. Candace Austin has been a guest of mine for almost a month. Around two months ago, she was in a car accident and sustained a serious head injury. She and I are starting to work on some gaps in her memory.
You are Solomon who? Leo asked angrily. What are you doing with Candy? What do you mean she is a guest of yours? Are you her doctor? Mr. Scalizi, please calm down. I am working, along with her doctors, to help her try to piece her memory back together. If you are actually a part of her past, be patient. It will at some time come back to her! Stryker said in a clam and reassuring tone. Candy, why are you with this man? This is insane. Our life was going extremely well, until you disappeared about two months ago! Now you have been in an accident and no one called me? Now you are living with another man! What did I do that was so wrong or bad, to deserve being treated this way? What! asked a very loud Leo.
The mans voice kept climbing higher and higher to where he was almost yelling. Candace was about to run from the phone, when Sol placed a hand on hers. Candace did not like what she was hearing or what was going on. Whom did this jerk think he was talking to Sol the way he had and poking his nose in her business!
Mr. Scalizi, this was a courtesy call made by Ms. Austin. Her father informed her that you were concerned about her and at my request; I recommended that she call you. At this point, she does not remember you at all. We, being all of us, need to help her work through some of the gaps that she obviously has in her memory. Your tone and insinuations are not helping! Candace and I are close, but if you are an important person in her past, then we need to calmly help her remember you! Stryker said in a firm tone.  Listen Stryker, you need to back out of the conversation so my fiance and I can talk this through! Stryker was about to click off the phone, until the man hit them with the fiance bomb. He felt like someone had just hit him in the stomach with a sledgehammer. Candace and Leo engaged! He looked at Candace, who by then had tears running down her cheeks. Candy, are you still there? Candy, talk to me! Please! begged Leo. Candace looked at Sol.
Stryker put his head down, sighed, and said, This is a part of your past and memory. Though neither of us expected this, you need to work through this! Stryker said, taking her hand in his. You need to talk to him. You two have a past and evidently a future. If you wish, I will leave you and Leo alone to talk about your past to see if it triggers any memory for you. Candace held tight to Sols hand and shook her head no. She did not want Sol to leave her. Mr. Scalizi or Leo, I dont remember you. That is not your fault, but is a result of my accident. I do not remember any engagement! Please be patient with me! The doctor said I might never regain all of my memory. I just need time! Candy, our wedding day is quickly approaching. What do I do? asked Leo. You will just need to explain to everyone what is going on. I will be coming back to Chicago to visit my father. Maybe we can meet and talk then. Candace said, trying to buy more time. Please call me when you are coming so I can be there, requested Leo. I will. Candace said and ended the call.
Candace looked at Sol to try to get a read on what he was feeling. She saw what she was getting used to seeing, a stoic expression that never gave her any sign of how he was feeling. What do I do, Sol? I am happy where I am at and I want us to continue to know each other better. I believe in my heart, you are my future! What should I do? Stryker took a moment to make sure he was his emotions and feelings would not influence his next words. Candace, We both knew that at some time your past would come back for you to face. This is one of those times. I will not tell you what to do. I will only recommend what I think you should do. My recommendation is go to Chicago, to face Leo and see if you can remember him. It may be, that you two were very much in love and you did want to marry him. I did not bring you to my home to stake a claim on you. I brought you here to help you. Yes, I have deep feelings for you, but honor dictates that I remove myself from being an obstacle to what may be the life you have already chosen. I will do this; if you wish for me to go to Chicago with you, I will gladly do so.

Chapter 28
Abd al samad Bashir had thought crossing over into America would give him the upper hand on getting to Stryker. His last contact with Al Akbar had made him aware that Stryker knew he was in the country and had put a two million dollar bounty on his head. Bashirs picture appeared on every television channel. Television channels were carrying a picture of what he would look like with and without a beard. He could not turn to his regular sources within the Muslim community, as they knew what type of trouble he would bring to them. Especially, if someone found out they had been assisting him in hiding within their Mosques or communities!
Most of the Muslim communities had worked hard to build trust with their neighbors and make their neighbors understand that the stigma of being Muslim was untrue. They did not want to take a chance on destroying all that work. Bashir had to do something! His funds were running low, and he was hiding in homeless communities. He had kept his beard shaved and now shaved his head. He had purchased some cheap makeup to lighten his skin color. Last night, he had eaten and slept at a Salvation Army. Things had to change. He would lose face and honor if he were to head back to his country. What was his country now? Al Akbar was now on the run. If Al Akbar had nowhere to go, where was he to go? Bashir and Al Akbar had both become pariahs in the world of terrorism. No one would help him, and now whom could he trust? Bashir had one last hole card to play. The inside operative, that they had in America, was his last hope of completing his mission.
Bashir turned on his new burn phone, punched in a number that he had memorized before he had left on his mission to kill Stryker. Once the number dialed, Bashir hit the send button The American answered the phone. Bashir said the code word, Solomon. He then heard clicks on the other end. A voice said, This is an unsecured line. Wait where you are and watch for a black van that says Florist. That is your ride.
The line went dead. An hour later, a black van with the word Florist on its side, pulled up. The side door opened up and masked men jumped out, grabbing him, and throwing him inside. The last thing Bashir saw was a needle descending toward his chest. He tried to struggle and fight back, but there was too many of them. The American had betrayed him! Bashir felt the extreme pain as the needle entered his chest. Within moments, Bashirs life ended at the hands of those he thought would help him!

Chapter 29
Stryker had not slept. He had come out of his room later, during the early morning hours, to pour another glass of wine. He hoped Candace was able to sleep instead of worrying about last nights call! His heart ached for Candace, but knew she should expect this as her memory returned or those in her past attempted to help her remember.
Stryker wanted so badly to go in her room; lie down next to her, hold her and tell her that they would get through this together, but he knew he could not. She was engaged to another man. His code of honor would not allow him to come between Candace and Leo. To take advantage of Candaces memory loss held no honor whatsoever.
Stryker went over to his secure room and decided, since he could not sleep, he would catch up on some work. Stryker accessed the room and had the door close behind him. That made him think of whether or not he would need to remove Candaces security clearances. He felt pain shoot through his chest. He had known he had found the woman with whom he wanted to develop a relationship. Now that could be over. Stryker decided to check up on one Leo Scalizi, to make sure Candace was not walking in to a bad situation. He knew he owed her that. He pressed a button on the console. A female face was looking at him. It was one of his finest employees, Jeanie.
Good morning Jeanie. said Stryker. Good morning, sir. I am surprised to see you up so early. Is there anything I can help you with? Jeanie had been with Stryker Security since he opened the doors of the business. She came to him from being in military intelligence. Jeanie had proved herself more valuable than any money he could ever pay her! Though Stryker continually offered her the day shift to work, she continually chose the night shift. I see you are still a night owl, Jeanie. Ive often wondered if maybe you are a vampire in disguise! laughed Stryker. Jeanie felt her front teeth. No sir, no fangs! Sorry to disappoint you! said Jeanie. Jeanie, are you working on something that you can put on the backburner for a while? he asked. Jeanie replied. I can set it aside. It was just some paperwork for Homeland Security, but it can wait. What is it you need done, sir? Stryker asked her to check into a Leo Scalizi. He gave Jeanie Leos phone number to give her a starting point. Ill get it started right now sir. Do you want me to leave you a PDF file on what I find? asked Jeanie. Yes that will be fine. Give me a call when it is ready. Will do, sir Jeanies face disappeared.
Stryker opened the secure room door and exited it. He filled his wine glass again and sat on his sofa in the dark. How would he let Candace go? Could he let her go? He knew it would be the hardest thing he had ever done, but realized he just did not have a choice. He was sitting there when he heard Candaces door open. Stryker thought about quietly slipping into his bedroom, but thought better of it. She was not his enemy and he did not have hard feelings against her. He had to bury his feelings. Yeah, like that would be easy!
Candace came into the room. He could just barely see her standing there. She was staring at his bedroom door. He finally spoke up, Im over here Candace. She jumped when he spoke. She turned towards the sofa and walked up to it. Can I sit with you? she asked. Of course you can. Stryker answered. Candace sat down on the sofa. Stryker could not help himself. He reached over and pulled her to him. She laid her head on his chest. Stryker kissed her forehead while running his fingers through her hair. Candace started crying softly and said, I dont know this Leo, Sol. I do know you and you are all I can think of. This is not fair. Let me call him and tell him that the Candace he knew no longer exists, and tell him to get on with his life without me. Stryker pulled Candace close. Stryker loved how he felt when she was near; the feel of her skin, the smell of her hair, and how he felt when she was close to him. He would rather die a terrible death than to hurt her. What could he say that would help her?
Stryker finally took a deep breath and said, Candace, Ive dreamt of meeting someone like you all of my life. At last, I had found someone with whom I felt I might be able to share my life. I had hoped I could finally come out from behind the curtain of all this mystery I live in, and share it with you. I have no doubt we could possibly have a great life together. According to this Leo Scalizi, you have given your heart to another. He has said that you agreed to be engaged to him. I cannot come in between that. The code of honor I hold so dear is more than a code. It has guided me through life, allowing me to make the right decisions and never walk away with regrets. I, in no way, regret the feelings I have for you. You have made me understand what it means to feel human again. You have helped me to feel like I matter beyond the business that I find myself immersed in! I know the right thing for me to do is help you! You need to remember who you are. You need to remember your life. If Leo and you were in love, then it would be only right for me to let you walk away. To find yourself again and who you are and who meant so much in your life, is more important than my feelings for you. For me to do anything else would not be doing you any favors. It is your life to rediscover.
But I dont care about what was! cried Candace. I only care about now! I know my father. That is all of my past I need and want to know. I want you to be my future! Please dont send me away! she cried. Oh Candace, Im not sending you away. I am stepping back to allow you to find out about your life. If after you have discovered your life again and still want to move on with me, I will be there waiting for you. Though it does not seem that way right now, you really need to do this. You have to know all about who you were, who Leo is to you, your friends and your job. Look at it as a story you are writing, only it is a story about who you are. said a sad Stryker.
Speaking of a story, I have some of my own questions, stated Candace. What questions? asked Sol. Lets start off with the big one; who is Solomon Stryker? asked Candace. That is an ambiguous question. You need to ask me specifics, instructed Stryker. Okay, where were you born? asked Candace. As far as I know, though I cant prove it, I was born in Hickory, North Carolina, I was raised there by my mother and father. said Stryker. You are not sure you were born there? asked Candace. There are many things about my life and past that I am not sure of. I have not been able to uncover the mystery of my past or my parents past. There are no records to find. Their death is also a mystery! My father never drank alcohol, yet he and my mother died in a car accident. The official report said my father was intoxicated at the time. I know better, but I cant prove anything yet.
Candace looked at Sol and said, Ill be glad to do some investigating, if you dont mind! My people have been at it for years and have come up empty handed. What makes you think you can do better? asked Stryker Official type investigators scare people away. I tend not to scare people and people often open up to a pretty lady. smiled Candace. I would be glad of any help you can give me! said Stryker. Now back to me leaving, you promise you will be here when I come back? asked Candace. Is this you saying you dont want me to go with you? If that is what you wish, I will be here if and when you return. said Stryker. Ill be back, count on it! said a determined Candace. Stryker remained quiet. He knew that anything could happen. He just did not want to become optimistic.
A few minutes later, Candace had fallen asleep on Strykers chest. She would occasionally moan in her sleep. He wished he could step into her dreams and make her dreams peaceful. He allowed her to sleep for around thirty minutes, then eased out from under her, picked her up and placed her into her bed. He slid in beside her and covered them up with the blanket. He pulled her to him and was about to kiss her on the forehead, when she opened her eyes, pulled him into a full kiss, and said, Would you just hold me tonight! Ill be here when you wake up. With that, she closed her eyes. Candace worked herself up as tight as she could, against Sol. Sol could feel his manhood reacting to her close proximity. Candace opened her eyes and looked deep into Strykers eyes Maybe this isnt such a good idea, Candace, murmured Stryker.
Stryker started moving away, to get up and leave the room. Candace reached over and grabbed his arm. Just hold me. The rest can be something to look forward to later. I just want to sleep in your arms. Stryker stretched out next to her and she laid her head on his arm, and looked into his face. Are we going to be okay, Sol? asked Candace. After all of this is done, no matter what, I will always be your friend. If you choose to be with me, I will endeavor to be the man you want and need, he replied.
The next morning, Stryker was about to head to his room, when his phone beeped. He answered it. Sir, this is Jeanie. I have placed the PDF file in your personal E-mail files as you requested. I dont want to come off wrong with what Im about to say, sir, but you really need to read the file as soon as possible. Message received, Jeanie. Ill go read it now; and Jeanie thank you for a job well done. Any time you need me, sir, I will always be there for you! Jeanie and her husband had two beautiful children and Stryker never forgot any of their birthdays and anniversary. They were precious to him. Stryker went to his secure room and closed the door behind him. He opened up the file that Jeanie had named Candace. As he read the file, he could feel his anger rising. The person that Candace pledged engagement was not the nice guy he tried to portray himself to be. He knew he had to protect her, yet how could he give her this information without coming across as trying to interfere! Stryker called his Investigation side of his company.
Mr. Stryker, sir. This is Andrew, how can I help you? Andrew, I am going to forward you a file, with the assigned name Candace. What I am about to tell you, what you are about to read, as well as what we are going to do, is to be considered highly classified. Understood? commanded Stryker. I fully understand sir! I see the file now. Do you want to wait while I read it? asked Andrew. Yes. Let me know when you are finished. he replied. The phone was quiet for a few minutes. The silence was finally broken, Sir would you like a sanction to be ordered? asked Andrew who knew this would not be the first bad guy that they had sanctioned and followed through with the kill. No, Andrew. This is going to be a very low profile job, but could turn out to be a war before it is over. I want you to coordinate all movements with Josh, on the security side of the business. I want a low profile operation, but one that is ready for an immediate extraction of Ms. Austin and possibly her father at a moment's notice. There are to be no Stryker Commando uniforms or visible firearms on this mission. We will be operating inside of Chicago without their knowing or approval.
Chicago officials are not going to be happy when they found out we are there. I do not care what you and Josh have to do, do not let a hair on Ms. Austin or her fathers head be hurt! I hold you and Josh fully responsible for their welfare. Unless the situation becomes unstable, at no time are Stryker Security agents or Commandos to allow Ms. Austin or her father to become aware of their presence. Is all this completely clear Andrew? Josh and I will see to it that the operation performs just as you say, sir. I will direct the operations personally if it means I have to live here 24/7. Andrew confirmed. Let us hope it doesnt come to that, Andrew. Stryker ended the call. He had some decisions to make. It was now time to involve his best sounding board, General Stilwell. He forwarded the file to General Stilwells personal e-mail account. He encrypted it with an encryption code that his IT. Department had developed just for Stryker and the General to use when sending E-mails.
He had to get the Generals cooperation for this mission because it will require the use of Stryker Apache and Blackhawk helicopters and he would need the Generals influence to allow his helicopters to land as close to Chicago as possible under the guise of a training exercise.
Chapter 30
Stryker received a call from Jake that the new Camaro was at the test area. Stryker arraigned time on the training course so no personnel, other than Jake, his crew, and General Stilwell would be present for the test. The air space was already off limits to any aircraft. Stryker and Candace arrived at the course. Candaces eyes grew wide when they pulled the cover off the car! Yes, it was black and a Camaro, but the similarities pretty much ended there. It sat lower to the ground. The glass was smoked and dark, but what immediately impressed Candace was the blue strobe flashing light strip at the top of the trunk, in the back window, front window and the grill! Sol wanted a police car!
A man walked up to Stryker and Candace and introduced himself as Jake. Well Stryker, are you ready to make the run? All voice commands respond to your voice only as well as all other security measures and weaponry. CAIN is ready for your commands. Thanks, Jake. Candace and I are ready to take it for a spin. Have you made any additional modifications other than what we started with? Stryker asked. Yes, a few. You have the Hendrix Racing power plant under the hood, which is what we tested at Talladega, and since then I have added the Nitrous bottles, but should you use all your Nitrous or choose to use the other modification that is available will depend on your situation, explained Jake. What other modification have you done? asked Stryker.
We have added twin, water cooled, turbochargers. When both turbo are active, you increase you horsepower to just fewer than 800. Because of the extra weight of the armament, we really had to beef up the suspension. The ride will be slightly rougher as well as tighter turning. To give you some comfort, we replaced your normal shock absorbers with air ride absorbers. The front seats also ride on air bags, eliminating some of the feel of a hard ride, CAIN will be able to modify suspension adjustments as needed said Jake as he finished his list of improvements. Good work Jake! Are all of the obstacles in place? asked Stryker. Everything is ready as you requested, replied Jake. Stryker opened the passenger door and motioned for Candace to get in. Candace was used to hooking up her 5-point harness by now, but when she finished, Stryker reached in and pulled them tighter. Candace looked at Sol questioningly, but he just smiled.
Stryker sat down in the drivers seat, buckled his harness, and closed the door. The first thing Candace noticed was that she couldnt hear any outside noise! Stryker turned the key to start the engine, but nothing happened! Stryker said, Ignition! and a thumb print reader slid out. As soon as Stryker placed his thumb on the pad, the engine roared to life! Candace started to say something when Stryker put his finger to his lips to let her know not to talk. Stryker then said, CAIN, battle mode! Candace felt the sensation as the cars transmission engaged, but there was no gearshift! Candace heard the whirring sound of electric motors but didnt see anything move.
Stryker then said CAIN, weapons and heads-up display! A translucent orange display suddenly appeared on the windshield! It had a grid pattern, forward and aft RPGs, and number of RPGs available, forward, and aft mini guns, rounds available, emergency lights on/off, and other things Candace had no clue as to what they were! Damn they were in a tank, she thought! Candace, what you are about to see and hear is beyond classified. You will be only one of eight people who know this technology exists. I began writing the software when I was 17. I have it patented, but the patent covers software that is proprietary and is not available to anyone to look at or search through. It is a patent protected under the highest security classification and if someone should even try to open the file and does not enter the proper alphanumeric code sequence, the software will automatically rewrite itself in a new cryptic code. Stryker informed Candace.
Candace looked at Stryker and said, I know you are a genius, you have proven that all your life, but I really am lost here. What software did you write and what does it do that requires such secrecy? Though she didnt know what Sol was talking about, she was intrigued! I wrote software that is the leading computer technology in A.I. practical use and application. Stryker said while staring out his windshield. Uh, okay, we are talking about artificial intelligence. A computer that thinks independently, not needing user interface to make it work. The little bit I know about computers would mean you have created software that allows a computer to think. Candace replied.
It is beyond that Candace. After I wrote A.I. software and created a prototype that worked, I destroyed all of my material and software because I realized the implications of what I had designed and the use a rogue military or terrorist group could do with it! I could not afford that type of weapon to be used against humanity, so, until now, it remained known to only me. Stryker said while he was remembering the past.
If you destroyed everything, then how come it is available now? Did you re-write it or did you have a copy? asked Candace. Candace, I never forget anything. If I think it, see it, or hear it, I never forget it or lose it. I flew my first helicopter flight by only reading a manual on how to fly one. The A.I. that .I originally wrote is still where it came from, my mind. The application continued to develop in my mind until it is what it is today. Stryker explained. And where is that, Sol? Candace asked suddenly feeling uncomfortable where the conversation was going.
It not only thinks independently, I have now designed it to learn. CAIN is now to the point of evolving that it can anticipate. You will witness the software in action here in a few minutes. C.A.I.N. or Cognitive Artificial Intelligence Network or as you heard me call it CAIN is evolving to where it writes software that it needs to do a task. Whatever CAIN needs to operate at a higher level, it will modify or write code or commands to compensate. Are you saying you have created a sentient program? Like the I think, therefore I am type of creation? asked an amazed Candace. Stryker answered by stating CAIN, are you human? I am not human. I am composed of written commands and codes entered into a computer interface with a myriad of sensors. I am able to communicate with you through microphones, speakers and see through video interface cameras. To answer your question, I am not self-aware. I follow my programming and protocols. I do not dream, nor do I have aspirations. I exist to assist Mr. Stryker and now you. CAIN informed Candace.
Candace sat there for a long time trying to absorb the thought of conversing with a computer and the implications of it. All she could think of, was DATA on Star Trek who was a good computer, but also H.A.L. the evil computer in A Space Odyssey, Candace, I can see you are not at ease with this conversation and maybe this was a bad idea to share it with you. I just feel so connected with you that I needed to share. I am sorry that I said anything, commented Stryker Lets do this genius! I feel like the best way for me to understand you, is to experience your life and all that goes with it. I dont know if I feel like I am in a Star Wars, Star Trek or Knight Rider dream or nightmare. Whatever it is, I want to experience it with you. So lets do this! Candace said with more passion than she felt. Stryker grabbed Candaces hand and asked Jake, Is everything up and ready for testing? Yes sir! There are no eyes on the test track and the sky is clear. You are a go! answered Jake.
Stryker took a deep breath and said, CAIN, my passenger is Candace Austin. You will refer to her as Ms. Austin. Write a voice recognition command on Ms. Austin and obey her commands as well. The disembodied voice of CAIN answered and said, Hello Ms. Austin. I have checked your restraints and they are secure. Your pulse and respiration rates are elevated. Are you ill? Would you like me to scan for an injury or virus? Uh, no thats okay CAIN. I am just a little excited about the test. Thank you for your concern, I guess. Candace answered, confused how to respond or why! I am at your service, Ms. Austin. Just state your commands and I will obey. Ms. Austin, please place your right thumb on the pad, so you will have access to starting the vehicle, requested CAIN.
Candace complied and put her thumb on the pad. You are now fully authorized to utilize this vehicle and I am available to any of your commands. Should you need help or instructions, I will assist you. CAIN instructed Candace. CAIN, are all systems ready for the test? asked Stryker. All systems are optimal, with weapons systems ready at your command, sir! CAIN, you have been given the course setting. Do you anticipate any problems to complete the task? asked Stryker. I have reviewed the course and have anticipated for the known. I will compensate for the unknown as the test continues, replied CAIN. Cain, remain in test mode. This is a test only. When you are ready to begin, you have control. Now CAIN, go! The test is another story for another day.

Chapter 31
It had been over a week since he and Candace had listened to the call with Leo Scalizi. Candace decided that it was time for her to go to Chicago and face whatever came her way. Stryker had struggled for sleep the night before she was to leave; only managing to get a few hours sleep. When he got up, Candace was already dressed. She looked sadly at Sol. For the first time since she had being staying with Sol, she did not say anything. They both knew this trip could possibly be the end for their possible future together.
Stryker finally broke the silence, Candace, are you mad at me? No, Im not mad, just sad that I have to do this. I am fine with the way things are! I just dont understand why I need to go back to Chicago! I dont care about my past. Maybe I dont want to know the past. Did you ever consider that? Candace had tears flowing down her cheeks. Yes I have. I do not want you to go, but if there is a real chance that something will happen for us, then you need to face your past and lost memories. Right now, with your memories either gone or jumbled, you could possibly make decisions, that as your memory returns; you will live to regret. I know you will not say it, but you do not want that to happen either! I envy you! You have a past that people know of and can help you put it together. I have no one to be there for me. I want you to remember! Remembering is the only way that you have, to make decisions without later having regrets. Stryker walked over to reach for her, but Candace moved away from his approach. He dropped his arms by his side.
My offer to go with you to Chicago still stands; I will stand by your side while your friends, family, and even Leo help you try to remember your past. We can fly to Chicago in my Learjet if you want. You can still use it if you do not want to drive, whether I go or not, offered Stryker. That is going to take getting used to. Having a Learjet to fly when needed! I know you would come with me, but you have your hands full here. I will be staying with my father the whole time. Do you think you could come and visit me? asked Candace. How about, at least twice a week! smiled Stryker. Candace walked up, put her arms around him, and said, You better! I will be there. Ill be there more if I can. Stryker kissed the top of her head and came back sputtering. Whats the matter? asked Candace. I got a mouth full of hairspray! Stryker laughed. Candace punched him in the stomach and said, Come on and see me off!
When he and Candace loaded all of her luggage she was taking with her, Stryker said, Remember, this car is extremely powerful. Please be careful. However, do not forget, even if it is just a flat tire, stay in your car! Use your communication system, and we will have someone there to bring you a new one. The car is The car is my safe haven! Candace smiled when she interrupted Stryker. Youre learning fast! Stryker laughed. Suddenly, Candace broke and ran over to Sol, and held him tightly. She started crying softly. Stryker slowly put his arms around her. It was almost more than he could bear! As much as he hated the situation he was asking her to involve herself in, he knew she had to remember. Stryker said quietly, Know this, Candace Austin; I will miss you terribly! I would rather you be here, but your life has to be out there waiting for you to remember. Find it, and if you still want me, I will be ready for you to come home!
The Camaro is yours. The car is in your name and I have taken care of the insurance for six months. There is a Stryker phone in your car with its charger. To activate it, you press send, end, and space bar at the same time. If it is off and anyone, other than you, tries to activate it, it will automatically go into emergency status and we will start tracking it. It will also allow us to hear what is going on. It is programmed as a failsafe device. Thank you for the car and phone. I hope that you have to come rescue me! I have learned a lot from you when it comes to self-defense and I will use it if I have to. However, I promise you, I will do everything I can to stay away from situations that could cause me to get into trouble.
As I said, I will be in Chicago to visit you at least twice a week, and if you find that your memory does return and you do love Leo, I will still be your friend and will always wish you the best! I do have one thing I want to ask you to do for me, requested Stryker.  What is that? asked Candace. Again, Stryker struggled to find the right words to tell her without interfering in her life! Its about the Scalizi Family. Please be very careful to what you agree to and how much you have to do with them. You know something, dont you? What is it, Sol? suddenly Candace was very concerned with what she did not know.
Candace; do your due-diligence with them. You need to use all the journalistic instincts you have worked hard to develop. I do not want to say too much because it will be as if I were trying to influence your decision, which is in no way what I want to do. Talk with Bud why he has reservations about Leo. Above all, please be careful not to get yourself into a situation you cannot get out of! was all Stryker would say.
Stryker walked Candace over to the drivers side of her Camaro. He opened the door for her and waited while she buckled in. When she had finished, Stryker sat down on the rocker panel part of the doorframe so they could look each other in the eye. Stryker smiled at Candace and said, I have a going away present for you! He handed Candace an envelope, which she quickly opened. Her eyes grew big when she saw what he had given her. It was a Stryker Master Card with her name on it. You will need to call the number on the back to set up your pin number. Other than that, know that the card has no credit limit. Use this for all of your expenses, no matter what those expenses are. You do not need to keep track of what you spend. Other than you and me, only five more of these are in existence. I hope this is a nice send off gift for you!
Candace started misting up. She pulled Stryker close to her and gave him a kiss. This is very nice gift, Sol! Seeing you again will be the better gift! She gave him a quick kiss, closed her door, and headed out of the garage, as tears poured down her cheeks. Stryker watched as the Camaro disappeared and the door closed. He then walked over to the elevator and knew his home would never be the same without her!

Chapter 32
It was beautiful day for a motorcycle ride. Stryker chose his Harley Davidson Fat Boy to make his trip to the Base. Stryker thought that the wind blowing freely across his face might ease his loneliness and the anger building in him. Stryker could not stand the thought of staying in his home because he saw Candace in every corner and could still smell her perfume!
Stryker eased the bike up to the Bases gate. Once security verified his pass, Stryker drove onto the base. He parked the bike and left his helmet on the seat. He unbuttoned his leather jacket, revealing his shoulder holster and forty-four. He walked through the door into the main building and surrendered his handgun to security before making his way to General Stilwells office. He passed Sergeant Alley, just saying hey as he went by and walked straight into the Generals office.
General Stilwell looked up at Stryker and said, You know Stryker, I can tell your day has been a pissy one already, but damn it, there are protocols that are to be observed and one of them is to have my Sergeant announce you for permission to enter. You handle it whatever way you want to at your place, but this is my office and by god, protocols are to in place! Is that clear! demanded the General.
Stryker, already feeling down because of Candace being gone, felt the white-hot anger come to the front. It was this anger that would end up allowing the darkness to take him! Stryker was in a killing rage! Stryker turned around, walked to the door, opened it, and walked out. Once in the hallway, he turned around and said on a low, angry tone, Sergeant Alley, please announce to General Stilwell that Solomon Stryker is here and requests an audience with him! Scott Alley slapped an angry salute to Stryker and started towards the Generals door. He stopped when General Stilwell came through. He looked at Sergeant Alley and said, Sergeant, alert the MPs and inform them that we have a civilian, Solomon Stryker, who is to be placed under arrest and placed in the brig. He is to be shackled at all times until further notice!
Yes sir! replied Sergeant Alley. Within minutes, the M.P. had shackled Stryker and placed him in his cell. Sergeant Alley looked at General Stilwell and asked to speak freely, Permission granted! Sir, what the hell just happened? Sergeant, Mr. Stryker is at a breaking point. I need him to cool off in hopes that he will return to his senses. It happens to soldiers who are faced with making decisions that could cost lives. In his case, he is being hunted instead of being the hunter. In addition, he has just lost someone precious to him, with Candace going to Chicago so as of this moment, the decisions he makes are not to be trusted.
Stryker felt the weight of the world on his shoulders and that he had lost himself by going into a dark hole in his mind. He is still in there, but he needs this forced solitude to try to bring him back. This is not the first time that this has happened. He had hoped the way his new relationship with Ms. Austin was going that this would never occur again. Now with her leaving, he felt lost and angry and with Stryker, there is never anything half way with him. Everything is an absolute. He has to learn to live, sometimes, in the gray area of life and strike a balance. How long before we know if he will be alright, sir? Sergeant Alley asked. That is a question I cant answer, son, replied the General Stilwell.
Stryker sat in the holding cell. He felt a loss that hurt worse than when he was mourning the death of his parents. Red-hot anger and hate was all he knew at this moment. Maybe he should have authorized the sanction, taking Leonard Scalizis life. The man had torn apart his world with just a phone call! Candace, oh God, Candace why did I let you go alone? You should have let me go with you to protect you from the evil that is waiting for you! This is what a coward would do! Why have I now become a coward? Have I finally lost my nerve? Have my feelings for Candace weakened me? No, I have to allow the sacrifice or lose her later! I am just so tired of having to sacrifice!  I lost my parents and have no family! Who am I, anymore? Stryker started reliving his last five years. He could still see the body pieces of the terrorists flying through the air at the town. Then his mind shifted to Stryker Services and the work that they had done over the last years.
People lived or died, depending on the orders he gave. Candace made him feel alive again, and now she was gone and he should have stopped her. She did not need to remember everything, did she? She told him she did not want to remember! Did anything else matter? Now she was driving into danger, danger that he knew about, yet willingly let her face!  Was this how you took care of someone you cared for? Yet, he had willingly let her go! Solomon Stryker, where is all that honor you are always big at preaching about! You dishonored yourself as well as Candace by not protecting her! Did Solomon Stryker die hours ago and all he stood for! Who would replace him in fighting the secret wars he fought, and worse, would he lose Candace to someone else?
Stryker stood facing a blank white steel wall. The same wall Candace had stood in front of two months before. Where did I make the mistake in my life? By god, why does happiness elude me? Now that I have had a taste of happiness with Candace, nothing else matters! Who am I now? Who am I? Who am I? Stryker started pounding the walls with his fists. Damn it all to hell, I am Stryker! Cold blooded killer! A lonely man who cares for a woman he let leave, for her own good! I am Solomon Stryker! I care for that woman and by god, she will return to me! I am Solomon Stryker! I am Stryker! I am Stryker! he screamed.
He finally collapsed on the bed in exhaustion. He slept, but it was a fitful sleep. He dreamed of his life, but mostly he dreamed of Candace at the altar with another man. Even in the dream, the sadness was more than he could bear. Stryker finally woke from his sleep, remembering his dream of Candace and realized that his dream may turn into a nightmare if he did not do something about it! Get me General Stilwell! Do you hear me? I want to see the General! yelled Stryker.
Stryker sat across from General Stilwell in the big office. Stryker was sipping a smooth Kentucky Brandy from the Generals private stock. General Stilwell sat across from Stryker, staring into his eyes. You should have talked to me a long time ago. I understand what stress can do to a man, even you. You did what was right by Ms. Austin and you know it. I have already got it approved for the Apache and Blackhawk helicopters to land, for training purposes. Your people are doing a bang up job keeping track on Ms. Austin and her father. I know they are sir, and that is why I came to see you. I knew the anger was building out of control again. I knew I was in trouble and had to get to you before it took me. I just didnt get here in time. Stryker said, looking straight into the Generals eyes. I know my crew is in place and will die before they allow any harm to come to Candace and her father. It is the thought of sending her into harms way. She does not remember who Leo is. She sure doesnt know that her Leo is one Leonard Scalizi; son of one Adolfo Scalizi, head crime boss in Chicago and Im afraid I will bring hell down on Chicago if anything happens to her!
We will bring hell down on Chicago if anything happens to her! Remember Stryker, either we are a team or it all comes to a stop. Your freedom to do what you do, without having to face any authority other than mine, will cease! Is that clear? said the General. Yes sir. replied Stryker.  Now we have a floater to talk about. The floater was located around Baton Rouge, Mississippi. An angler was fishing close to the bank and saw a body half on the bank and the rest in the water. He called the authorities and they took the body to the morgue in Baton Rouge. They ran the fingerprints and it came back as the body of one terrorist named, Abd al samad Bashir. A drug screen found enough cocktail of narcotics in his blood to kill ten men. He knew something and someone wanted that knowledge destroyed. I believe that brings us back to that someone high up in our government.
Stryker sat quiet for a moment, studying the situation. The angler would get the reward, he would have Brandi Simons find out the information about the angler and send him the check. If he was one thing, he was a man of his word. Stryker thought for a moment and a smile crossed his face. General, do we have eyes on Al Akbar? The last intelligence we had on him is that he is hiding out along the Afghanistan border. I will get an update and make sure we know exactly where he is. What do you have in mind? asked the General. It is time to end a chapter in my life forever! said Stryker with that look of death in his eyes.

Chapter 33
Candace had been traveling west on I-24 after leaving Clarksville, Tennessee and had driven about ninety miles. As she was getting near Paducah, Kentucky, she saw a sign showing that a Cracker Barrel restaurant was coming up on exit 4. She knew Cracker Barrel always had a welcoming atmosphere and great food. She decided to stop in, relax, and have some coffee and a house salad. It seemed like Clarksville was a lifetime away. When they seated her at her table and she placed her order, she started thinking back over the last two months. In some ways, it seemed as if maybe leaving had been the correct move. Maybe Sol was right. Maybe she did need to remember her past life. Maybe she really did love the man named Leo. No, get that thought out of her mind; she wanted to be with Solomon Stryker!
After Candace finished her meal, she fueled up her Camaro and continued her drive. In Illinois, she changed over to I-57 north, which she would stay on all the way to Chicago. She had just passed Mt. Vernon, Illinois when she heard the buzzing sound. The lower part of her dashboard opened up. When the screens folded out, Candace saw Brandi Simons her on the screen. Hello Ms. Austin, is everything going well on your trip up to this point? Yes Brandi, so far, so good. I believe I will make it a two-day trip, though. Im still somewhat tired from not sleeping well last night, said Candace. If you will let me know how much longer you intend to drive, I will gladly find you a nice place to stay the night, replied Brandi. Candace told her she would be driving for another two hours. Brandi came back with the exit for Candace to pull off and the hotel that she booked her room at and Brandi even gave her the room number. Candace thanked Brandi for her help.
Ms. Austin, Mr. Stryker has sent a secure E-mail to your account. He has had a special encryption program installed on your laptop so you can send secure E-mails back and forth. Mr. Stryker asked me to let you know that he leaves it up to you to determine if you want to read the file or not. It was important to him that you have the option. Brandi informed Candace. Brandi is Sol alright? I am just wondering why he would not tell me about this. Is something wrong? Mr. Stryker is at the base, under observation right now, replied Brandi. He is under observation! Did something happen to Sol? Is he sick or hurt? Candace asked, now extremely worried. He hasnt been injured. It is something that only General Stilwell knows how to deal with, explained Brandi. I will turn around and come back! cried Candace.
Brandi responded by saying, General Stilwell has instructed me to tell you to continue your trip. He said that Mr. Stryker will be fine in the morning and he would have him call you. Dont worry Ms. Austin; the General has had to help Mr. Stryker with this before. I dont know. I know he didnt leave me when I was hurt! I feel like I will be letting him down by not being there for him! Candace was frantic.
Please stay calm, Ms. Austin. He really is fine! There are times Mr. Stryker needs help to work out things, and General Stilwell is the only one who knows how to help him. Once again, Mr. Stryker will call you tomorrow. Brandi said softly. Okay Brandi, but please call me if he doesnt get better. asked Candace. Have no fear, I will. Have a good evening and a safe trip. Brandi replied.
Candace suddenly missed Sol so badly that she almost turned around and headed back, but she knew that would not be what Sol wanted. She would do what Sol had asked her to do and then return to the man she had come to care for! One week later, she would wish she had listened to herself and turned the car around. It is incredible how in one week, you can go from heaven to hell and never see it coming until its too late!

Chapter 34
Stryker and 20 of his Commandos were flying in a C-130 Hercules, on their way to capture Mohammed Al Akbar. Stryker already had troops on the ground, making sure that Al Akbar did not make a run for it. The ground troops were in place, well hidden so they could monitor all movements. If Al Akbar did make a move, they were to follow, but were ordered not to engage Al Akbar or anyone from the town. They were there to monitor and report all movements.
A Stryker Humvee that has radar capabilities was monitoring sky movements. Stryker Apache helicopters as well as the Blackhawk helicopter were in the group, but on the ground. They stayed warmed up and ready to be airborne at a moment's notice, the radar reflected a sky that was clear at this time The SAT phones light was flashing, indicating an incoming call. It was Stryker, requesting an update on the situation.
This is Commander Silvers, sir. All is quiet. There is no movement in the town or in the air. The Cobras and Blackhawk are ready to go airborne at your orders. Good, we will be doing a HALO, High Altitude Low Opening, parachute jump, drop a half mile out of town. I will let you know when we are on the ground. instructed Stryker. We will be ready sir! Hold one moment, sir! We just picked up three bogies, flying low, hot and fast coming our way! They appear to be drones sir! Did you order a drone strike, sir? asked the commander? No, no drone strike has been ordered. Get the Apaches in the air on an intercept course! Tell the pilots they are not to allow the drones to fire missiles. If they prep to fire, the Apaches are to take them down! Understood? commanded Stryker I fully understand sir! The Apaches are already airborne and on their way to intercept.
Stryker called General Stilwell on the SAT phone. General, three drones are en route to the town where our target is. Have you ordered a drone strike? Hell no I havent ordered one! Why would I? We need him alive! Someone else doesnt want us to get our hands on him! yelled an angry General. I have ordered my Apaches to not let them fire at any cost. I feel as if we are declaring war on our own country! Get them to stand down, sir. I dont want to shoot them down! an obviously agitated Stryker said.  Ill be back to you here in a moment, son, said the General. General Stilwell got on another line. He called the Air Force division responsible for drone assignments. A lieutenant answered. This is General Stilwell! Who is your commanding officer?
Sir, this is Lieutenant Stevens. I will go and get my CO right now. A few moments later, General Stilwell heard someone answered the line. General Stilwell, This is Colonel Adamson; it is good to hear from you! How may I be of service to you? You can start by telling me why you have three god damn drones flying into my hot zone? demanded the General. The General gave the Colonel the coordinates. General, I dont know of anyone giving the command to fly any drones anywhere near that area. Give me a moment to send out request to all drone operations to see who is flying them and under whose orders, sir Make it quick Colonel, or we will have three drones being shot down. Yes sir, my people are on it now. replied the Colonel.  A few moments went by and the Colonel came back, Affirmative sir, they are in flight! Someone has dispatched three armed drones. My counterpart, a Major Carson, said his orders came from his CO. When the Major relayed the stand down order, he replied negative, and his CO said the drones had a mission to complete! He was told it was a classified mission! Colonel Adamson replied.
Who is his CO? asked the General. I dont know sir, the line went dead. replied the Colonel. Colonel, give me that damn phone number! demanded the General. The Colonel complied with the Generals request. General Stilwell called the number. This is Major Carson, to whom am I speaking with? Major Carson, this General Stilwell. Put your CO on the line, now! yelled the General. I am sorry General Stilwell; my CO is not taking any calls. Major, and that may not be your title for long, I am a five star General. The only person over me is the President of the United States. You had better damn well have your CO on this line in ten seconds; or you will be facing a court martial as well as time in Leavenworth. Are we clear, Major?
General Stilwell heard a click on the phone and a voice said, General Stilwell, this is General Graff. You are attempting to interfere with a classified mission. For your own sake, stand down and recall anyone you have in the field. The drones are on a classified search, destroy mission, and will not be recalled. Only the President can recall them! Graff, I not only have personnel in the area, but aircraft as well. They have been instructed to destroy the drones, if they are not recalled. General Stilwell, If you fire on the drones, we will launch F-16s to shoot down any Stryker aircraft, and fire at any Stryker personnel that return fire! This is a Stryker and U.S. Classified mission! How did you know it was Stryker? Graff who told you of the mission or that Stryker had an on going operation in the area? Im sorry General Stilwell, this call is going to end as all and any information from here on out is classified! Click and the phone went dead. Damn this was not good at all!
General Stilwell called Strykers SAT phone. General Stilwell told Stryker to get all of his people out of there! They had been set up. Someone had used Stryker intelligence, on Al Akbar, to seize the opportunity to silence him! They will fire on your aircraft if you interfere and will kill any of your people who return fire on the drones! Damn it, Stryker, turn around! They are threatening F-16s against you and your people! Get the hell out of there, now! Stryker felt his blood start boiling. Stryker told his Commando who was waiting for an answer on the SAT phone, All personnel abort. I repeat, abort the mission. Return to rendezvous point. Prepare to head home. Do not interfere with the drones! I will see you all back state side. The drones came in and opened fire on the town, destroying everything. Stryker found out later that F-16s flew over with Sidewinder missiles completing the destruction of the town.
No Stryker personnel sustained injuries in the attack, but they knew that innocent people died tonight! Stryker forces would have grabbed Al Akbar and left the town in peace. This was not good and how the word of their classified mission leaked out is a question that needed an answer! Stryker told the pilot of the C-130 to turn around and return to Kentucky.  Stryker called his headquarters. Jeanie answered. Sir, we have been monitoring the situation. What are your orders?
Take all Stryker Security and Investigation Services, as well as Wars Ends computers off line. Have all computers, laptops, and backup systems secured in the underground vault! I want all intelligence transferred to and from operatives by Stryker phones only. We are under lockdown conditions, Code Red! I repeat; Code Red! I want all available personnel armed up and on duty. Cancel all leaves and off days! War's End is to remain open for now. Have armed response teams report to War's End. If anything indicates that Wars End may be a target, tell Andy to close it immediately and put all of the employees under protection. Get Josh in now! Do you have any questions, Jeanie? Just one sir; who are we to watch for? Consider us at war, Jeanie. And that means with everyone except Stryker personnel or General Stilwell. instructed Stryker. Do we still have eyes and ears on Ms Austin and her father? asked Stryker. Yes sir. Everything is quiet now. Do you have new orders concerning Ms. Austin and her father? asked Jeanie.
Tighten our personnel around them. We may have to pull them out at a moment's notice. If our people see any local or state personnel attempting contact with Ms. Austin or her father, intercept the authorities and get Candace and Bud the hell out of there. Even if it is one of our government services, get them out. Understood? Yes sir, consider it done! Stryker hung up and started considering all that had just transpired, and how he planned to remedy the situation!

Chapter 35
The remainder of Candaces drive to Chicago was anticlimactic. Stryker called her from an airplane, a noisy one at that, and told her he was okay and on his way back. When she had asked about him being under observation, he told her he would talk to her about it when he came up to Chicago in two days. She finally pulled her car into her fathers driveway. There, sitting in the driveway, was a car, a very nice new Cadillac! Odd, I thought Dad said he had given up driving. Surely, he would have told me if he started driving again! Candace got out of the car and walked up to the door and was preparing to knock, when the door flew wide open, and a man rushed out, grabbed her and said. Oh Candy, I thought I would never get to see you again! The man grabbed each side of her face and was about to plant a kiss on her, when Candace kneed him in the groin. When he bent over, Candace grabbed the back of his head and brought her knee into his face. She heard a crunching noise. The man fell backwards, flat on his ass! Sol had taught her well, when it came to self-defense!
She heard someone come out of the house yelling, Candace, what have you done? Why did you do this to Leo? Leo? This was Leo. She looked at his face. He was lying on the ground, blood gushing from his broken nose. Leo was not really a bad looking man, but Candace did not give a damn what his name was or how he looked; she had no idea who he was! Candaces father was trying to help Leo up off the ground. Leo looked at Candace and said, What the hell is the matter with you? Why did you do that? I was just welcoming home my bride to be! This man thinks I am to be his bride! Was he insane? Candice thought to herself. Listen, buddy, I am not about to be anyones bride! I came here to visit my father! I told you on the phone that I do not know who you are or remember you! I asked you not to call me or contact me anymore Now that you have been reminded of that, you can leave the same way you got here!
Candace, Leo is my guest! I will tell who is to leave or stay! shouted her father.  It is alright, Mr. Austin. It was my fault. When we spoke on the phone, she said she did not know who I was. I was just so excited to see her, that I forgot that she might not recognize me. It is not her fault. Maybe a few days at home might help her remember. I will call you in a couple of days, said Leo. I doubt a couple of days home will do anything to help. I am sorry about your nose. I just reacted with some training that I recently received, said Candace. Did you go through boot camp or something? asked Leo. No, Mr. Stryker gave me lessons in self defense. The constant training has made it a reflex action. So did this Stryker tell you to attack me the first chance you got? asked a suddenly angry Leo.
Let me make this as clear as possible; Mr. Stryker did not tell me to attack you! He is too good of a man to do that! You can just leave him out of this! What is between Mr. Stryker and I is of no concern of yours, so dont bring him up again! fired back an equally angry Candace. Hey you two; knock it off! This situation is bad enough! Try to calm down. Maybe it would be a good idea if you left for today, Leo. We will set up a day for you to come by for lunch, and all three of us will sit down together and see what we can do to work things out. said Candaces father.
Dad, there is nothing to work out. Now that I have seen Leo, I do not know who he is. I am not going to be marrying him now or anytime in the future. Whom you invite to lunch is your business, not mine. Who I eat lunch with is my business and I wont be sitting down with him for lunch! said Candace. It is alright, Mr. Austin. Candace is angry right now. I will leave so things will cool down, said Leo. I will move my car so you can leave, said Candace. Nice car, Candy. I did not know you had a new car! Is that a gift from your new boyfriend, Stryker? What did you have to do to get it? Leo smirked. That is enough, young man! You have no right to speak to my daughter that way. Get in your car and leave right now! Bud demanded.
After Leo had left and Candace had parked her Camaro, she looked at her father and said, Dad, did I really tell that man I would marry him? I am afraid you did, honey, and what you ever saw in him, I will never know. He has a real mean streak in him Candace, and his family is dangerous, her father said as he hung his head. Dangerous? How dangerous are they? Dad? asked Candace. Oh Candace, you should have stayed in Tennessee with Mr. Stryker! He is a good and honorable man. I could see you had a future with him. What made you ever come back? asked Candaces father. Sol made me come back, Dad, replied Candace. But why? asked Bud. That made Candace wonder, why did you let me come back, Sol?

Chapter 36
Candace took her belongings to her old bedroom. She started putting her things away in her closet and dresser. Her old bedroom looked like it did when she left it. Her father had not changed a thing, just kept it clean. Candace checked to make sure that her father had stocked the bathroom with towels and washcloths. Dad had done a great job getting everything ready for her visit. Candace took her laptop over to her old desk that she had used while going through high school. It would now become her temporary investigation desk. Candace hooked her laptop to the internet and turned it on. She accessed her E-mail account. There was the E-mail from Sol. She was tempted to open it, but decided it would wait until later. She saw other E-mail from her old friends as well as some of the editors she often-submitted articles for publication. Most wanted to know where she had been! They wanted to know if she has anything new that she was working on. She decided she would update them later.
Candace was trying to decide what to do next. Three days ago, her life had been happy and she was content in the direction it was going. Why did it have to change so drastically? Candace knew Sol wanted her to find her former life, to see if she would remember anything about it. He wanted her to see if she wanted it back. Her life with Sol was all she could think of. She wanted to go home. Go home! Where had that come from? Did she really feel that Sols home was hers? He had made it very clear that he really felt something for her. She knew that she definitely was growing closer to him! She just wanted to hear his voice and hear him ask her to come home!
Candace decided to go down stairs and visit with her father. She could smell fresh coffee. She could always depend on that one thing. She and her father both loved coffee. Maybe they could go out and try some coffee at one of the cafes in the area. She knew they would both enjoy that. As she came into the kitchen, she saw that her father, already seated at the table, had made Candaces cup of coffee for her. She sat down across from her father, took a sip of her coffee, and said, Dad, you didnt forget the way I like my coffee! Bud smiled at her and said, I would never forget that! Weve had too many coffees together to forget something like how you like your coffee! That we have, Dad! Candace replied.
Candace could tell something was bothering her father. She asked, Dad, what is it? What is bothering you? You know I always know when something is bothering you. I really dont know where to start. It is just that the trouble, today, between you and Leo, may go beyond a broken nose and injured pride. It may cause us trouble of a larger scale, stated her father. If it will help, Dad, Ill call him and apologize. It really was just a big misunderstanding. If it will ease your mind, Ill call him now, said Candace. It sure couldnt hurt anything. Yes, please call him! requested Bud.
Candace could swear her father was terrified! Candace couldnt see why a broken nose and injured pride would cause her father so much fear! He said Leo was mean, and that his family was dangerous. What made them so dangerous that it would scare her father so badly that he would ask her to call Leo to apologize? How could she allow herself to become involved with a man who could scare her father so badly? She had allowed someone who scared her father this much, to get her to accept a marriage proposal! Okay, she would make the call, if for no other reason than to ease her Dads fears.
Bud gave her Leos number and she dialed it. On the third ring, she heard someone on the other end of the line. Hello? said a muffled voice. Hello, this is Candace Austin, calling for Leo Scalizi. Is he there, please? This is Leo, Candy. You sound different, somehow, than you did earlier today. stated Candace. You would too if your nose was broken, your sinuses closed and had cotton wads stuck up your nose! Candace could not help herself! She started laughing. If you have called just to make fun of me, you shouldnt have wasted both of our time, said a miffed Leo. Hold on, hold on! I didn't call to make fun of you; I actually called to apologize for what happened today. You caught me by surprise, is all. I didnt intentionally go out of my way to attack you. You should remember not to grab someone who doesnt know you, Candace commented. Leo sounded angry, but evidently cooled down. Apology accepted, and there are no hard feelings! laughed Leo. He had a nice sounding laugh!
Well, Ive said what I wanted to say. You keep ice on that nose! Oh and you can expect a couple of black eyes, too. Again, I apologize for hurting you! You take care and watch out for those attack women! Candace laughed. Wait a minute! Hey, I was serious about accepting your fathers invitation to lunch! Come on, at least sit and talk to me, and see if there is something, I might say that could possibly jog your memory! That is the least you can do. Just lunch and talk, nothing else, I promise! begged Leo. Candace thought about it for a moment. Maybe if she agreed, he would finally leave her alone! Alright, lunch and talk, nothing else. replied Candace. Was this what Sol wanted?  She figured he was the one who wanted her to come. Nevertheless, she would handle this her way!
She went back in to kitchen to sit down and drink her coffee. When she sat down, her father asked her how the phone call went. Candace said to her father, Leo will be coming to lunch in two days, to sit and talk That is good news Candace! Maybe you two will be able to get all of this worked out! Bud said, seeming to be relieved. No dad, maybe the three of us can get everything worked out! Sol will be here too! said a smiling Candace.
Later that evening, her phone rang. After she said hello, Sols voice said, Hello, Candace. How are things going? She had been waiting to hear his voice again! Now here it was. She explained what had happened to Leo. Stryker laughed for a long time. Candace could swear he was rolling on the floor, the way the phone sounded! Stryker said, One thing about you Candace, no matter where you go, you sure know how to make a first impression! Candace was laughing by that time! Bud asked if that was Mr. Stryker, to whom she was talking. She said yes. He asked her to tell Mr. Stryker hello and to tell him he is looking forward to his visit. She told Sol what her father had said. Stryker said he could not wait to see them both. Not soon enough for me! I miss you so much! said Candace.
I miss you too. I will see you day after tomorrow. I will be there for breakfast, that way I will not miss what should be an interesting lunch! If after a few days of being there, you dont want to stay, come home. Come home. That sounded good! Candace told Sol to hold on a minute, so she could step outside. She needed to talk to Sol so they could talk quietly and without anyone hearing what she had to say. Whats going on Candace? Whats the matter? asked Stryker, who was suddenly very alert.
Sol, my father is a good man. I do not know of anyone who would call him anything but that. Sol, the neighbors loved my parents and still do. They all know each other by name. Today I saw my father scared, almost petrified, for the first time in his life. All because of what I had done to Leo. It was as if he was almost waiting for someone to come barging through the front door to hurt him. I have never seen him act like that! He also said Leo was mean and that his family was mean. He would not elaborate on what he meant. Now Im scared for him and me!
Stryker was quiet. Candace could hear him breathing, but no words came out of his mouth for a while. Candace, did you get the file I sent you? asked Stryker. Yes, but I havent opened it yet. she said. Before you have any more contact with Leo, whether it is in person or on the phone, read the file, please! he pleaded with her. Are you asking out of jealousy or are you concerned? laughed Candace.  Again, Stryker was quiet. Something was troubling him! Sol what is it? Whats the matter? Candace, I may need to pull you and your father out of there and bring you both back to Tennessee. Why? What is going to happen? asked an anxious Candace.
Stryker said, Candace, anytime I send you a file, you should read it. We might E-mail each other back and forth and talk serious or have fun, just to see how each of us are doing, but when I send you a file, it is because I feel that you are in need of some information. I hesitated to send the file, because I realized it might come across as me not wanting you to regain your memory. Nothing could be farther from the truth.
If we are to have a possible future together, which I sincerely hope we do, I intend for it to be one based on a relationship that is open and honest. I want you to trust me in every way, just as I trust you. You and your fathers safety and best interest are at the core of my heart. I told you I would never again let anyone harm you. That is what the file is about; open honesty, to protect you and your father!
Wait. Dont pull us out of here yet. I have to deal with this now. I dont want it haunting me or us. One reason I care so much about you is the fact that I know you to be a man whose lives a life based upon honor and integrity. With that said, what do I need to do? asked Candace. Read the file! Stryker replied. Can I ask you a question? asked Candace. You may always ask me anything, and I will answer you truthfully, you know that. Stryker said, quietly, almost as if a whisper. Are we in danger? asked Candace.  Yes. answered Stryker.
When am I not in danger? Now my Dad is involved. I need to go read that file and read it now! How badly she wished Sol were here. She knew she always felt protected around him! She now knew that Sol could not get here fast enough for her! She was really getting scared and when she was with him, all fear disappeared!

Chapter 37
A door opened to the Oval Office. The President was already seated behind his desk, working. He was busy working on some paperwork as well as reading his morning reports. When the door closed, the President looked up and told the individual that he would be with him in a moment. One of the Presidents aides kept handing him forms needed signing and then taking them back after the President had signed them. When the President had finished signing the last paper and had read his morning reports, he finally looked at the Man who had come in and was waiting on him. What can I do for you? the President asked. Sir this conversation needs to be private. said the Man. Daggers shot from the Presidents eyes, as he looked the Man over. He was an undermining bastard! This Man did nothing but move things to his advantage, with the result always falling in the Presidents lap, causing the President to deal with the backlash.
The President despised this man. He always felt that this Man was trying to undermine his presidency at every turn. The Man always reminded him of the cigarette smoking man on the X-Files, devious, always hiding in the background and seemingly controlling everything. The President told everyone to clear the room. Once the room emptied, the man sat down. Damn, this person did not even wait for him to offer a seat. He obviously had no respect for his position as President or for the office.
What is it I can do for you, this time? asked the President? We seemed to have run into a situation that may need your attention, the Man informed the President. The President sighed. Anytime this man brought something to his attention, it was never good. He was the always the harbinger of bad news! The President wondered if the Man had an agenda that was to discourage him. Okay, start from the beginning, and damn you, dont embellish it or leave any critical or for that matter, non-critical information out! The last time you came to me, you hung me out by my balls because of the information that you failed to disclose! You do that again, I have all kinds of ideas of where you may end up working. I assure you, you wont like the things I have in mind! growled the President.
Little did this President know that he could growl all he wanted to but no President could touch him! Presidents had been shot or shot at, for trying to interfere with their agenda. Everybody believed that the president was the most powerful man in the country, or as some thought, the world. He would laugh about it later when he was alone. People like him actually were the men in power. We got the President elected, made them look like a strong leader, make him go into seclusion, or even keep him from finishing his term in office!
We seem to have run into a problem with one of our security sub-contractors. I feel that you need to be aware of the situation, said the Man. Why is that something I need to be aware of? I have department heads at the Department of Defense, Homeland Security, Department of Justice, and the Attorney General, not to mention the Joint Chiefs. Have you ran this by them, first? demanded the President. No sir, I thought it best to bring this sub-contractor problem straight to you, because of the relationship you have developed with them. The Man said. And who would that be and why is it any of your concern? asked the President. Sir, it is my position to oversee all military and security services our government deals with. It is my decision as to whom we are to inform or involve in any situation. This issue is for you only to hear and make decisions concerning the issues of National Security, explained the Man. Who the hell gave you that kind of power? Who is your superior? Where in our Constitution is it allowed for one man to have so much power, unchecked? This has to stop! I think it is time to start investigating you! said a very pissed-off President.
Sir, I really dont want you to get involved in a situation in which you wouldnt have the luxury of plausible deniability. I answer to everyone and no one. The President created my position during the beginning of World War 1. It is a highly classified position that allows me to move undetected throughout all levels of our government, allowing me to watch for things that may have gone unnoticed and could cause problems for our country, the Man explained. Do you even have a name? asked the President. I only go by my code name sir, the Man explained. Which is? the President prodded. I am code named Ghost sir. All of us, since the beginning have always gone by that code name, the Man explained. Please Mr. President; do not involve yourself in who I am or what I do. I stand between you and others, who would do anything in their power to undermine your presidency even if it required bringing harm to your family. Are you saying my family and I, are being targeted? asked an incredulous President. Not at this time, sir. The last threat against you was neutralized before becoming a problem. I am on your side, sir, as many more before me have been for previous Presidents, the Ghost said.
Where do I go from here with this person? He sounds more menacing than he does helpful. The President made a mental note to investigate this man and his so called position, to see if a greater threat had been created for our country, than terrorists were. Alright, let us get to the matter as to why you are here. What security sub-contractor has become a problem? asked the President. I am sorry to have to tell you this, Mr. President, but Stryker Security and Investigative Services may have gone rogue. They were in a classified area of Afghanistan, to which our military was in the middle of a classified operation. They had infiltrated it and even threatened to shoot down our drones. Sir, we may want to rethink Mr. Strykers service to our continuing security as well as his overstepping his authorized actions. His decided to be involved in U.S. Classified operations without having been given authorization to be there. explained the Ghost. And what operation would that be, Mr. Ghost? asked an angry president. Why, the continuing security of our country, sir. replied the Ghost. I will handle this matter from here, Ghost. You keep your nose out of Stryker Securitys involvement in anything! Do you understand? If I find you are continuing to cause an issue with Stryker, I will take you down! I need you to be completely clear on this! Are you? yelled the President.
The Ghost acted as if he was shocked by the Presidents outburst. Of course I am clear on your instructions, sir. You are the Commander in Chief. I will follow your instructions in this matter to the letter! replied a seemingly contrite Ghost. If there is nothing else on your mind, you can leave the way you came in; quietly! said the President. Yes, sir Mr. President. Have a good day! The Ghost turned on his heels and left the Oval office with a slight smile on his face.

Chapter 38
Stryker was in his home, sitting in his secure room, a beer in hand. A lot was going on in his life and around him. Yes, Stryker knew the carousal was turning as he designed it to do. He was a person who ingratiated himself with trouble. Since the first day in boot camp, Stryker knew what his destiny was, and that was to be in the middle of anything and everything that was happening and fight to make a difference. If a difference turned out not to be in the cards, then he caused the destruction of whom or what he was fighting, If destruction made a difference, then the destruction was acceptable, if not, the destruction removed a future problem for countries, the world or for Stryker. This was well within the honor parameters that he believed in, whether others agreed or disagreed with him was of no issue to him.
People, politicians, governments, and even General Stilwell viewed the world as it occurs in their lifespan. Therein lay the mistake. Stryker saw the world as a futurist would see a product. A futurist will look continually to improve on the product so it never becomes blas and out of step with a changing market. Stryker saw his mission in a futuristic worldview. The differences he made in the world were achievements to make an impact not just in his time, but also for long after he was gone. He had found few who were visionaries. Most were of the mindset working 9 to 5, weekends off. Jake was a visionary, always pushing to make improvements. Jake saw time passing and the realization that the world outgrew the first generation of an invention in a matter of hours while the next generation begins production just after the first generations release.
Stryker saw a small spark of a being a visionary in Candace. It would take nurturing, but Stryker believed the more he worked with her, she would start seeing the world the way he did and hopefully would join him in his quest and make her mark for future generations. Allowing her access to and witnessing C.A.I.N. in action was a risk. If her memories returned and turned her against him, C.A.I.N.s secrecy would have to be protected at all costs.
Stryker had been sitting in his chair for an hour, attempting to prioritize all the issues he had to deal with. All of his personnel had returned from Afghanistan safely. The situation he had been dreading, did not occur. He did not want to fire on any U.S. military aircraft of any build or size. He was a patriot, through and through. Someone had leaked the information of the mission. What began as a mission to capture one man had resulted in the complete destruction of a village and the death of everyone there. Who ordered it and why? They were out to capture only one man and they could have done that without all of the death and destruction. The only person they were out to capture, if allowed to live, could possibly have been the one to lead him to who allowed the infiltration of the five terrorists. The man who had ordered the five terrorists on their mission, that almost killed Candace and him, was now probably dead.
Stryker knew someone had created an alternate mission to silence Al Akbar for good, and although he had asked General Stilwell to use his influence to get a verification that Al Akbar had been among the dead, the General had not received a confirmation of the body being found, as of yet. Could Al Akbar still be alive? Stryker hoped so. He had to find that leak. Not only for his security, which was minor is his mind, but for his beloved country. It was in danger and did not know it. The bad thing about it was that he did not have anywhere to start to resolve the problem.
He still had all of Stryker enterprises under code Red. He could not ease it. As soon as he had landed at Fort Campbell, he had learned of General Stilwells recall to Washington for an emergency meeting. With whom, Stryker did not know, as the General was tight lipped with Sergeant Alley. He left a message, saying he would be in contact as soon as he could. Stryker knew that there was no doubt it would have to do with Afghanistan. Damn! He knew Candace was in trouble. He has to leave early tomorrow morning to head to Chicago and he was not about to miss that flight! Even though he had a small army in Chicago to protect her, he was Candace and Buds best chance to come out of this alive.
All of the Scalizi communications, phones, cell transmissions, vehicle movements, guard positioning and rotations Stryker Security constantly monitored. The Scalizi crime organization would be destroyed if they in anyway did anything to Candace and her father. Stryker would spill all of the Scalizi family's blood, leaving no Scalizi to carry on the family business or name!
Stryker had opened another beer when one of his monitors came on. It was Josh. Whats up Josh? Is something else falling apart around me? Give me some good news, buddy, I could sure use it! begged Sol. I am not sure how you will read this, but sir, the President is flying in to OHare Airport in two days, after picking up General Stilwell in Fort Campbell. You all have a top priority meeting that evening, said Josh. Well Josh, it is always an honor to meet with the President, right? asked Stryker. I would say a definite yes. What else could go wrongah shit, the jinx! cried Josh. It was common knowledge that working for Stryker meant never to say, What else could go wrong. If you did, you were penalized a week's pay. Negative things were a part of life. Being and talking negative was not acceptable. Thanks for the info, Jinx. Anything comes up let me know. I think I will use your paycheck to buy some new wheels for my Mustang. I appreciate your contribution, buddy, laughed Stryker as he shut down everything and exited his secure room. It is time to get some sack time.

Chapter 39
Candace had just finished her shower. She wrapped her hair in a towel, slipped into her bathrobe, and walked over to the desk where her laptop sat. She had opened and closed her laptop a few times today. She knew there was a file that Sol wanted her to open and read. Why was she putting it off? Candace knew it was important and Sol had said her and her father were in danger. She knew Sol would not make something light about an issue such as that. Was it a fear that she would become so dependent on Sol, that she might lose her independence?
Was that really such a bad thing? Independence is such a valuable commodity that most people will fight to their dying day to retain it. Thoughts had run through her mind, today, about what type of relationship Sol would expect. Did he want a serious relationship, marriage, a stay at home wife and kids? Freedom of choice and independence could not have a price tag placed on it. Why were these thoughts going through her head? Candace felt a painful tug at her heart when she thought of Sol. She wanted nothing more than to go back to him. She would let everything else settle itself, as time went by, just so she and Sol would have time for a frank talk. A talk to which she wanted and looked forward to having. Candace finally sat down, opened up her laptop, and logged on. She then accessed her E-mail account. There was Sols E-mail staring her in the face.
Before she opened it, she noticed that Leo had sent her an E-mail with a JPEG attachment. Curious about what Leo had for her to see, she chose instead to open Leos E-mail. Sol had told her before she had any more interaction with Leo; she needed to read the file. Technically, this wasnt interaction with Leo, was it? Leo had wrote, Dear Candy, I thought I would forward you some pictures of us together. These pictures represent many precious times for me and I hope for you as well. All I ask is that you take a minute just to look at them. I hope they may be what you need to bring back your memory of us, and the great times we shared. Simply signed, I love you. Leo.
Didnt she tell him earlier that they would sit, eat, and talk and nothing else? This seemed as if he was being pushy to her. Candace went ahead and opened the attachment. She started looking through pictures of a happy her with Leo. They were in different places, some showing them hugging, others kissing and one with Leo, on his knee, in front of her. The caption said Our engagement. Candace kept going through the pictures, looking at them repeatedly. Some of them seemed faintly familiar.
Candace started feeling like there was a dam in her memory that could burst at any moment. She suddenly slammed the laptop closed. Her mind was ripping apart! Some women may like the thought of two men competing for their attention, but she was not one of those people! She just wanted a stable relationship with a man in Tennessee! That man was Sol! However, looking at the pictures, she had evidently been in love before, really in love enough for a man to propose marriage. What do I do? Open Sols file is what she should do! She promised herself she would open it tonight. How would she feel if it just turned out to be a lot of romantic garbage? Was it just a folder with Sol trying to sway her to him! It couldnt be that. He said she needed to read it because her father and she were in danger. Shit!
Suddenly everything was clear. She needed to get through a couple of days and head back to the man she had come to care for. What was the matter with her? Be decisive! she told herself. Candace opened up her laptop, again, and clicked on the file Sol had sent her. Instead of the loving endearments she had feared would be there, Stryker had written the following, Candace. I fought a long time trying to decide whether to send this to you. I did not want to come across as a jealous boyfriend. I do not know how that would feel, as I have never been one. I am sending you this E-mail, and file, because it is the right thing to do. My hope is by sending you the file you will understand how much I do care you and only want what is the best for you however, things turn out. Please take time to read the file I sent. The file contains material I hope you do not just find fascinating! Use it as an aid to your decision for your future. Whether I am a part of your future or not is not at issue. You and your fathers safety may be at risk. Please take the material seriously. Love, Sol.
Okay. He wrote things the same way he talked. Cryptic and to the point! Candace could imagine his voice as she read it. All right, Sol, here goes nothing! With that, Candace opened the file and started reading. When Candace had finished reading the file, she was not sure how she should react. Her first impulse was to pack up, grab her father, and get the hell out of Chicago! Now, she understood why her father had used the word dangerous when referring to Leo and his family! She had gotten involved with the Mob! How in the hell did she get involved with someone that belonged to the mob? Oh God, now what do I do? She knew exactly what to do. She picked up her cell phone and dialed his number.
Couldnt sleep in a strange place? laughed Stryker. Sol, hey, I just read the file. Why not just tell me! I would never have come back to Chicago! cried Candace.  Candace, if I had not done that, they would have found you, anyway. I wanted you to go back to discover your past! I never said your past would be good or bad, but it is your past to discover and make your decisions based upon that. Now you will be making your decision based on the honest facts of your life, said Stryker. Is this supposed to be some twisted sense of how you care for someone? cried Candace. It is how much I care for you! Honest and open. a dejected Stryker sighed. Well it sometimes feels more like you are pushing me away! said a tearful Candace. I would never push you away. If I had a choice, I would rather have you here with me, in my arms, finding a path to your heart, but that cannot be until you complete this journey into your past. Stryker said. What if I dont discover me? asked Candace. Then I can only say; I would abide by and live with whatever decision you make. Candace, I am at a loss for words as to what to say. Do what you must. You are in my heart! Sleep well. On second thought, if you dont mind, I believe I will fly to Chicago a day earlier than planned. Do you mean that? Will you come in the morning? Candace asked hoping Sol meant it. Put on fresh coffee and have breakfast ready! Im sure Ill have an appetite worked up when I get there! Stryker chuckled. Are you sure you want me to cook? Candace laughed. Well if not you, I know Bud can! I will see you in the morning. Please sleep well. Im on my way. Stryker said seriously.
Candace felt like the weight of the world lifted from her shoulders! She knew she would be okay now! Sol would stand with her!

Chapter 40
Candace logged off her laptop and closed the lid. She had a lot to consider over the next two days! In her occupation, the need to know all the details of a story, told her to continue. The emotional side of her said was happy Sol was on his way. The journalist side would win this battle she had no doubt.
The authorities had hounded Leos family for years over racketeering, prostitution, money laundering, drug trafficking, human trafficking of children, and murder. Leos grandfather was the worst of the bunch, with an alleged 30 to 50 murders by his own hand, setting his family up as the top evil in Chicagos crime families. Passed down to Leos father, Adolfo Scalizi, he was as much a sleaze bag as his father and grandfather had been. According to Sols information, the rumors were that Adolfo might have been involved in his own fathers death! The file also indicated that the Scalizi family ruled Chicago with an iron fist. Candace thought that the Scalizis history re-wrote the Chicago crime era, forcing Scar Face Capone to the front to make him the fall guy! One thing she did notice was that Leo did get a mention as one of the children of Adolfo, but his siblings were the ones that found notoriety with the family business. Leos profession listed him as a corporate attorney. Well at least he made something of himself! Still, the old saying the apple doesnt fall from the tree could be somehow involved in his attorney role. Sol knew the journalist side of me would start working!
Candace finally logged off her laptop; closed it and walked into the bathroom. She brushed her hair out and then brushed her teeth. Pulling back the covers on her bed, she slid in and covered up. She was remembering how good her bed had always felt. It did not take long before she was fast asleep.
If you were present in her bedroom, you would have seen REM, rapid eye movement, sleep was present. This is the dream stage of sleep. Her eyes were darting back and forth. Her body started moving around as well. Her dreams were deep and very active. These types of actions, while you sleep, were one of the many reasons some people would speak of being just as tired as when they went to bed. Their mind and body were very physically active while they sleep. This was Candaces case! Suddenly Candace sat up in her bed with her eyes wide open. All of her memories came crushing in on her! She remembered all of her past! She remembered Leo being in it as well! She felt a strong feeling when she thought of Leo. Her memories were not one of love, but of fear! Oh, my God what am I going to do? I am only two months away from being married! The marriage is a farce! She let it go too far and now her loss of memory may have compromised her!
I was on a story to investigate the Scalizi mob! Candace had seen what she felt was the weak link in the family; being Leo. He was a corporate attorney, seemingly uninvolved with the family business. They had spent too much time together and she had allowed herself to get involved with Leo. She had never done that before! Damn, a rookie mistake and a dangerous one! Have they found my San Disk Memory Stick? Now she knew they were in real trouble! As much as she hated to feel like the damsel in distress, Candace was so glad that Sol would be here in the morning! It may take everything he has to get her father and her out of Chicago! She first had to see if the memory stick was still where she had put it; in the home, she and Leo shared!

Chapter 41
Stryker arrived early in the morning, his Learjet touching down at OHare airport. He had a car rented and waiting for him. Setting his Stryker Phone to the GPS setting, he followed it to Candaces house. He saw the red Camaro sitting in the driveway. He hoped that he would find Candace and her father in a safe condition. His thoughts of Candace consumed him during his flight. Stryker wondered if Candace really loved Leo or had he been a story she was working on. Stryker knew he must put his feelings aside and stay determined to face her past with her.
Stryker walked up to the door and knocked on it. Bud opened it up and said, Come on in Solomon! It sure is good to see you again! Thank you, Mr. Austin! It is good to see you as well. Solomon, stop with the Mr. Austin and call me Bud! Goodness Solomon, we are friends now! There is no use for the all the politeness. Okay, Bud it is laughed Stryker. Tell me Candace has breakfast ready! Bud started laughing until he went into a coughing fit. Solomon, you dont want her to fix you breakfast! I will cook you a real fine one! I have some fresh coffee ready if you would like some. Fresh coffee sounds great and I bow to your knowledge of Candaces cooking! Stryker chuckled. Who is talking bad about my cooking? I am a real fine cook! Candace bellowed. Stryker looked up to see Candace coming down the stairs.
Stryker noticed that she looked like she needed sleep instead of just having had sleep! Something was either going on or had happened. He was determined to find out what it was!  Bud had finished cooking up a mess of bacon and eggs with biscuits and called them to the table. They all waited while Bud said a prayer over the food.
Stryker broke the silence. Once in a while, I find people who need help to correct a problem and do not want to talk about it, choosing to remain silent. I want and can help them, but they first have to make a decision. Do they wish me to help them? So Candace, what is going on and what is bothering you so bad that you look like you have not slept all night? Stryker continued eating, not making eye contact with either Bud or Candace.
Candace realized she would not be able to hide anything from him! She was going to have to open up and tell Sol everything. She was in deep trouble and she knew it! Candace now knew that Sol could see through her faade, but would not force his help on anyone. Candace looked over to her father and he nodded his head towards her. Sol, I remember everything now. While I was asleep last night, it all came back to me. I mean everything! Stryker was quiet for a moment while he chewed on a biscuit. How bad is it Candace?
Sol, Leo wasnt lying. He did propose and I accepted. I did love him at the time. I started out investigating his family and the corruption they were involved with and what officials and other people were involved with them. I sought out Leo because he seemed to stay away from the family business. Spending time with him, I made a damned rookie mistake and fell for him. It looked our life was going to be every womans dream, having a handsome husband who was rich and doted on her. We even bought a home and lived together. Everything was going fine until one day, he had to go to a meeting, and left his laptop at the house logged on. Once I started going through his files, I found everything! Candace said opening up to Stryker.
Stryker gave her a minute to calm down. While she calmed down, he started going through his feelings and how, if at all, it affected him by her revelation about her and Leo. No! That was not the right approach to this situation. He had to bring his focus on what was happening and see beyond the now and look at what would likely happen in the future. If the Scalizi family found out about what Candace knew or what she was doing, it would place both Bud and Candace in extreme danger.
Sol, you talk to me! You said you would always talk to me. I know you may be hurt right now, but I assure you, I have no feelings for Leo. Candace, one thing you need to know about me is that I am not a shallow person, nor do I allow my feelings to interfere with helping someone. We knew your memories returning would possibly bring things out that could change what little bit of a relationship we have. If you are being straightforward with me, then we have to plan a way to finish your goal, so we can bring the Scalizi family down. Stryker remarked casually, not revealing his true feelings. What about us, Sol? Candace asked. Oh, I believe we are fine. If you had told me you still loved Leo, I would still work to help you out of the dangerous situation in which you find yourself. I told you, no matter what, I would always be your friend. Stryker replied. Is friends all we are now to each other? You do not feel anything for me any longer now that you know the truth? Tears were about to spill out of Candaces eyes. Stryker put his hand on hers and gently squeezed them.
You have not done or said anything that would change my feelings for you! We will be fine! Now what I need to know now, did you make a copy of everything on Leos laptop? Yes, I copied it to a memory stick! Candace revealed. Where is the memory stick now? Stryker asked. It is at the house Leo and I bought, taped to the underside of my dressers bottom drawer. If they have found it, then they are already on to me! a worried Candace replied. Candace, was there anything in the information you found on Leos laptop that would incriminate him as well? Stryker asked not sure how he hoped the answer would be. Yes there is. However, it does not show him as directly involved in the violent side of the familys business, he is their attorney. He also launders their money. The money he is laundering each month is in the millions.
Stryker took a moment to digest everything Candace told him. She was in way over her head! If they find out she has that information, her and Bud are both dead. Stryker brought out his phone and called Josh. He told him of the situation. He gave Josh instructions as to what he wanted done. Stryker instructed Josh to tighten up the perimeter around Buds house, using Commandos as well as security agents. They were to be on an hourly rotation, so people would not get suspicious seeing the same people every day. He instructed Josh not to let anyone outside of Stryker Security know about the situation other than General Stilwell. Stryker told Josh to have the Learjet go back to Clarksville to pickup as many Commandos as he needed to keep the hourly rotation going. Once again, they were to wear plain clothes and no visible weapons.
What do you want me to do? asked Candace.  Have you ever taken any acting classes? asked Stryker. No. It was something that never interested me. Why? Candace asked. Stryker smiled a reassuring smile. This ought to be fun!

Chapter 42
Candace helped her father prepare lunch for Leos arrival. She and her father were working on autopilot. They along with Stryker knew what the plan was for when Leo came today. Candace had asked Sol if they could just go to the house, grab the thumb drive, and leave. Stryker had had sent some of his people to the address of the house with the information coming back that there were a lot of eyes on the house and they did not know who was doing the watching! Running the license plates helped. Some of the plates came back as stolen, some were rentals, and some were locals. Anonymous calls to the local police as well as The Cook County Sheriffs department had brought arrests of the people in the stolen vehicles, thinning out the crowd to a point.
We have to let this play out. If we do not, The Scalizis will hunt for you and Bud, one-way or another! We have to eliminate them as a threat to you and Bud. Then there is always the elimination of the mob family and the politicians and other associates they have in their pockets. If we go after the house, then it will tip off the Scalizis and may eliminate the needed evidence that we hope is still there. Stryker explained. Im scared for her, Solomon. This is placing her in danger! said a worried Bud. Candace, if you want to back out of the plan, I understand. We will crash the house and may find the memory stick where you put it. I do not want you to go in to a situation that you are either unsure of or afraid for your safety. Your safety is paramount! Stryker told her.
No. We will stay with the plan, if we dont, how will I ever know what I am doing is the right thing? What Leo has to say and does at lunch today, will give me an idea if I feel safe enough! Candace replied. Never forget, it is your call. No one will pressure you into doing anything! If you at any time feel like someone is pressuring you, back out of it and we will crash the house. You are safe as long as you make the right choices! Stryker said in an attempt to reassure her.
A few moments later, there was a knock at the door. Leo. Bud and Candace let Leo inside the house; right after Sol had headed back upstairs. Candace had her game face on. Leo was standing there, all smiles with a bouquet of roses. Candace gave him a slight smile and invited him in to the house.
When Leo tried to give her a kiss on the cheek, Candace stepped back. Leo asked, Still dont remember me, huh? I have a small amount of memory. So do not feel bad. It is not your fault. Candace said, playing her role. I do have a nice lunch prepared for us. Is your dad going to be joining us? asked Leo. Yes dad and a guest will be joining us in a moment, replied Candace. I saw the other car out there. It has an Enterprise Car Rental sticker on it. Who is your guest? asked Leo. Here he comes with Dad. That is when Bud and Stryker came into the room. It was easy to tell Stryker impressed Leo by his look and size.
Leo, this is our guest and friend from Tennessee, Doctor Solomon Stryker! Candace said as she introduced them. When she said Sols name, she saw the cloud of anger cross Leos face. Doctor Stryker? Is he the one you have been living with? Is this the person who is your new boyfriend? Am I your new boyfriend? Stryker asked Candace while laughing. Candace have you been holding out on me? Now you are making me jealous! Seriously, Mr. Scalizi, I am just a friend of the family. Bud and Candace stayed at my home, while Candace was recovering from her injuries in a car crash. I helped her with her physical therapy as well as worked with her in trying to use different techniques to help her regain her memory.
Her injuries were not so much physical in nature; rather she had suffered a severe concussion that caused her to stay in a coma for five weeks. She had weakened and lost quite a bit of muscle tone. Her daily physical therapy was what I worked with. I just happened to have a big home and did not see a reason why they should have to pay for a hotel when they could stay at my home free. That is how the three of us became good friends. I just came up to make sure she was still doing well and following through with her exercises and that she was not experiencing any side effects. Candace did show me the pictures you sent her, and I applaud you for that! She said that she remembered fragments of what she saw. Memory fragments are a very good start!  Stryker said while poking Candace in the ribs and making her jump and laugh.
Candace as well as Stryker could tell that Leo was not buying it completely, but when he put his arm in Candaces arm and led her toward the kitchen, Stryker was able to maintain a conversation with Bud. Whatever the conversation was, it had Bud bursting with laughter. Candace could feel some of the tension leave Leos arm. That was a good sign.  Candace and Leo entered the kitchen and they sat down at the table. There were fresh deli meats, cheeses, lettuce, tomatoes, and different types of bread as well as potato salad and fresh coleslaw.  Candace said, It is not high class food, but it is filling. Help yourself. I believe I will. Thank you. said Leo.
All four of them sat and ate, talked and laughed. It seemed that Leo started to thaw the longer they sat at the table. That is what Stryker wanted him to do. The more he saw Stryker as not being a threat to his relationship with Candace, the better the chance they had of pulling off the plan. 
Doctor Stryker Leo started to say. Please call me Sol or Stryker. I know I am a doctor, but I do not like the formalities. I find it makes my patients feel more at ease. Okay, Stryker, what type of doctor are you? asked Leo. I hold a doctorate in forensic science with a Bachelors Degree in psychology. I studied and received my doctorate from the University of Tennessee. Go Vols! said an out of character Stryker as he started humming Rocky Top. I will need your help in understanding how you are a qualified physical therapist? I can see where you understand mental illness or trauma, but you do not hold a doctorate in that field. How does having a Doctorate in forensic science and a Bachelor in psychology qualify you to treat Candace?
It does not seem to fit with your educational background. You see, I am an attorney, but I do not treat people with bad eyes. I am not qualified to do that type of work, nor do I have the educational background for it. So, instead of working crime scenes, checking the age of mummies, or working archeological digs, what qualifies you to do physical and mental therapy? Leo asked while looking at Stryker. It was a direct challenge and Stryker knew it. Stryker could see both Bud and Candace stiffen up, but he did not do anything to shake Stryker.
I usually do not discuss this, because of the memories I then have to deal with. I was a Special Forces officer in the Army. I saw the trauma that our soldiers would go through, whether it was from a physical injury that also resulted in mental problems in adapting to their injury or mental injuries where soldiers froze in battle and retreated into their minds. I decided when I served my time, I would help my comrades in any way I could. That meant treating all their wounds, whether physical or mental. The public who either do not take the time to care or are just ignorant of the fact, no soldier comes back from battle the same person going in. They are the forgotten, the unknown, or ghosts of our society. As a soldier, I saw as well as experienced what they have to deal with. Yes, I am a forensic scientist. However, forensics can be more than just a corpse, a crime scene or archeology. It can also be dealing with live human beings who need someone to uncover what was once their real side, their past if you please, and try to bring them back to their loved ones, at least as much as we can. Stryker said with a serious, almost angry retort. Candace knew Sol was not acting. Leo had made him angry.
Everyone sat quiet for a long time. Leo finally broke the silence. I believe I have offended you, Stryker and for that I apologize. I have never given any thought to what you just said. I am one of those people who are ignorant of what soldiers go through, not having served in the military. I want to commend you sir for your work. I was just curious how you came to treating Candace. Nothing more than that. an apologetic Leo said. I too apologize for coming across as angry. You had to have been a soldier to understand and it something dear to my heart. As far as Candace is concerned, I happened to be there when she was injured and followed up every day with her doctor. Once Candace woke up, I offered my services to help bring Candace back both physically and mentally to help her regain her memory. Since I didnt have practicing privileges in that particular hospital, her doctor and I arraigned for her to rehabilitate at my home, which I also have set up for not just physical workouts but for rehabilitating services as well. So now you know the story. Stryker finished.
Candace sat there in awe. Sol had said so much in a short time without one time stretching the truth or lying. He said everything with a passion that no actor could ever portray. She had become misty eyed when he was finished. Candace realized there was such a loyal, caring man, all inside this complex person! Leo relaxed. He could see how they all had become friends and no longer felt threatened by this man. He really cared for people. His caring was passionate and not an act. Leo decided it was a good idea to make this person his friend as well!
Mr. Scalizi, you say you and Candace shared a house together? asked Stryker.  Yes we do, replied Leo. Would you mind to take Candace there and allow me to tag along, so we can see if it jogs more of her memory? Stryker asked. I think that is a great idea! I can come by later this afternoon and drive you both there. Does that work with your schedule? asked Leo. Candace and Stryker said that would be fine. Leo finally left, promising them he would be back.
When Leo was gone, Candace saw Sol looking out the window, watching Leo leave. She saw that his hands clenched into fists. He had a hard look on his face. She walked over to him and touched his arm. At first when he looked down at her, she could see anger and hatred in his eyes. Then when whatever was bothering him passed and he softened his look at her, smiled and put his hand over the one she had on his arm. Sol, are you okay? asked Candace. He smiled at her and said, Im fine now. I saw a side of you I have never seen before! What was going through your mind, and please, do not shut me out. I so much want to know! Stryker guided her over to the sofa and they sat down. Bud sat in a chair across from them. Solomon you had a look like you could have killed him easy enough! I apologize to you both for allowing you to see that side of me. It is a side that takes great training and meditation to keep it on a leash. If it ever becomes free, and it has at times, bad things happen."
"I first started experiencing it on September 11. 2001. I was a young person then, but the sight of what terrorists did to our country and all those people, I found myself in a killing rage. Being that young, I did not understand what I was going through. I eventually cried myself to sleep. When I woke up, it had passed. Looking back, I should have shared what I experienced with my parents and it may be that they could have found me help then, but I carried it instead of sharing. It was while I was in college and I started studying my symptoms. I realized that what I experienced was common to the rage someone would feel in the heart of battle. Later, when I was in the military and started going after terrorists, I felt it again; it only passed when I had killed the terrorists.  General Stilwell accuses me of having a terrorist phobia. Maybe I do. However, terrorism is not just the Jihad extremist, but also the leaches that attach themselves to our society, making their way by murder, intimidation, and the pain of humanity. Thats what you saw when Leo left. Stryker explained in a calm tone.
How did you hold it in? It must have taken a terrible toll on you to be that close to one and not do something. What kept it on its leash? asked a concerned Candace.  Stryker looked at Candace and said, I began meditating, using your smiling face as my focal point. It worked. I know a new way to keep the monster at bay when I need to! Are you serious? My smiling face calmed the monster! You have to be pulling my leg! smiled Candace. Stryker gently took her face in his large hand and tilted it to where they were looking eye to eye. I never lie. Has the monster ever escaped the imprisonment that you maintain? Candace asked. Stryker paused, reliving that day, unwilling to divulge the monstrosity that was unchained and released in a bloody rampage. Candace could see the conflicting emotions that Sol was experiencing. If it is something you cannot or will not talk about, I understand. Candace said in hopes that he would stop remembering what must be an awful memory.
Stryker composed himself returning to the stoic personality most would always see. It was in Afghanistan. I was a Lieutenant in Special Forces. While on a mission with my assigned team, we found ourselves isolated and surrounded by a group of heavily armed Jihadists. We took heavy causalities. Our Captain, against my recommendations, surrendered. It would prove to be an order that was devastating to the team. At first, they started with torture, attempting to attain information of military value. It did not work. The torture progressed into filmed beheadings. By beheadings, I am not referring to a quick swipe of a sword or blade, for an instant death. They took their time, slowly cutting to create a slow, excruciating death. The screams of my comrades still reverberate in my mind.
I had finally reached a point that I could not allow the beheading to continue. I readied myself for my own death, realizing my chances of success were low. I still had to try. When the door of the room they kept us in, opened to allow them to take the next soldier to go through their barbaric beheading, I attacked the first soldier through the door, pushing back the other terrorists. I was able to hit the first terrorist to where he was stunned. I took his weapon and sword and this is where I realized what was inside of me.  This is where the monster became unleashed. I lost myself to it, shooting and hacking my way through the terrorists, until they were all wounded or dead! Even the dead found no mercy from me! The wounded, found a monster worse than what they were, about to exact his form of justice. I did not stop until I had slowing sawed off every one of their heads as well as castrating each one, so they would face their seventy virgins incapable of enjoying them.
When I finally collapsed from the executing, beheading and castrating of all of the terrorists, blood covered me, my clothes saturated in blood. That is how another team of Special Forces found me. The horror of all the terrorists beheaded and castrated, was not lost on anyone. Of the original fifty troops in my division, ten walked away. Forty soldiers returned in body bags, including our Captain. It was then my reputation began as the butcher of terrorists. I had lost my way, though. The darkness I experience had taken me and I withdrew into myself. A General came to my assistance, and with his help, they brought me back. The General recommended a friend of his that knew how to train me in Transcendental Meditation, using the Mantra form developed by Maharishi Mahnesh Yogi. It taught me to meditate twice daily, but I developed the focal point meditation when faced with an immediate need to maintain the leash. Stryker said coldly as he recounted the terrible events of that time.
Sol, I am sorry that you had to relive that! I should have kept my mouth shut! I did not help you. At least that General thought enough of you to help you. I now understand why you care so much for your fellow soldiers! Candace said quietly. Yes, General Stilwell knew exactly how to help me and I am forever in his debt! Stryker explained. He got up, excused himself, and went upstairs.
Candace and Bud looked at each other. Bud said, Honey, make him remember that when you see that monster start to rise in him. Do you think he would ever hurt me, Dad? No. He would never hurt you. His hate is for those who do harm. Pity the person who he is after. I believe he could rip them apart with his bare hands! said Bud. Candace had a newfound respect for Sol. He opened up to her about a part of his past that was painful. He did care for her!
Stryker went to his room and gave Josh an update as to where they would be heading that afternoon. He told Josh to maintain a tight perimeter around Buds home. He then told Josh that he wanted to have the Commandos to tighten up around where Candace and Leos house was located, but under no way were they to reveal themselves unless he gave the order to proceed. He instructed them to listen to their radios, as he would have his phone in broadcast mode. Josh reminded Stryker that Air Force One would be landing at OHare at eight that evening. Stryker thanked Josh and told him he would be checking in later.
There was a knock at the door. Stryker told the person to come in. Candace walked through the door. She came over and sat down by Stryker. Candace intertwined her arm with Strykers, leaned her head against his shoulder, and said. Whats the next plan? Stryker was concerned because they were both getting ready to walk into the unknown. He reached in a drawer and pulled out his shoulder holster that had his forty-four in it and said, We now prepare for the second leg of an unknown dangerous situation! How do we do that? asked Candace. Follow what I tell you, and no matter what happens, well walk away, whether he does or not remains to be seen!

Chapter 43
Adolfo Scalizi was no ones fool. He had not maintained his status as head crime boss all these years by making mistakes. No one dared challenge him for control. Those that attempted it disappeared forever. All you had to do was place their bodies in meat grinders and mix it in with a dog food mixture; well let us just say dogs loved eating his enemies. His grandfather and father taught him what ruthlessness meant and he had learned the lesson well. To kill meant nothing to him. The lives that were left behind meant nothing to him. He was as cold and calculating a killer that Chicago had ever seen! Men smiled at him and were courteous. Not out of friendship, some out of hatred, but mostly out of fear.
Word had come to Adolfo of new shadow people in the city. Almost as if a small, army had descended upon it. He had not been able to find out whose army it was. Every attempt for him to capture one of them ended up with those he sent, found dead. Whose army this was, Adolfo still did not know, but they were well trained, organized and ruthless. He was also aware that they had his house under surveillance at all times as well as his every move tracked. This was not only becoming a nuisance, he was starting to hear rumors of others seeing it as an opportunity to move in on his territory. It had to end!  Adolfo knew every politician in Chicago as well as Illinois. Not only did he know them, he owned every one of them. It should not come as a surprise to anyone. Chicago politics have always been corrupt, way before prohibition days and Al Capone. It continues today, just less noticeable. Adolfo has been able to keep Illinois from adopting a law allowing gun carry permits for Illinois citizens, especially from Chicagoans.
They cannot carry concealed weapons, so his men can go armed without fear of reprisal from armed citizens. It had worked for years and his well placed money, kept anyone from creating a bill allowing an armed populace. Guns took the brunt of blame for crime in Chicago, not the inability of an armed populace to change that fact! Adolfo smiled to himself. What a bunch of weak-kneed fools! Adolfo knew it was time to get something for his money. He called in his secretary. He told her the names of every one he wanted to come to his mansion and when. She had worked for Adolfo for years. She knew exactly who and what he was, so it came as no surprise when he told her to tell them, if they wanted their families to live, they would be here on time!

Chapter 44
Stryker informed General Stilwell on the progress as to where the leak had come from. Their work together was Top Secret. No one but he, the General and Jonathan knew of the work Jonathan performed. Whether they worked at Stryker Securities or at the Base, a daily sweep checked for any electronic devices that could eavesdrop, video record or intercept communications between the President and the team. They were in an unenviable position of not knowing whom to trust. That, in Strykers mind, was very unsettling. He did not like keeping his key people out of the loop. General Stilwell also felt the regret that he could not trust his close aides, which included his long time aide, Sergeant Scott Alley. Stryker knew eventually, that he would have to decide to chance involving some of his people. Josh, Jeanie, and Andy were people who he would bet his life on, and may have to make that bet. General Stilwell was not quite so easy when it came to whom to trust.
Stryker asked him, How about bringing in Scott Alley, sir? Surely you would not believe he would betray you? He has had access to all that we do. If someone had information to sell, it could be him. No, I believe Ill keep him in the dark for now. Ill keep my aides in the dark. the General sighed. I just dont see Scott being the one, sir. He defends you and would, I believe, lay down his life to protect you! Stryker said in disbelief. I cant yet, Stryker. I want to believe Scott is clean, but I just dont know, the General said. Damn, this is no way to live and deal with our problems. Here we are sneaking around, while they are out there doing what they want. This has to end! We need Jonathan to go on the offensive, forcing the leak out of hiding, and with him, those that are helping him betray our country! bellowed an angry Stryker. He told the General he would phone him when he had more information to share. Stryker called Josh and told him to have a bug detector sweep performed on the War Room. Once the sweep was complete, he instructed Josh to have Jeanie, Andy, and Sally to be in this meeting. Call me when you are ready. He instructed Josh.
An hour later, Josh assembled those instructed to be in the War Room. Josh closed the blinds and locked the door. Josh then called Stryker and told him they were ready. He told Josh he would call them back from Candaces car so they could video conference. Stryker went to Candace and told her to come with him to her car. I want you to experience what it is like when you have someone who is betraying not only me but our country as well. Please just listen, but make no noise or say anything. Stryker said.
Candace and Stryker got in the Camaro with Stryker on the drivers side. He hit the door lock button. Call the War Room, video conference. Candace saw both screens fold out and saw, four people on them. Stryker reached across and gently took a hold of Candaces hand and did not let go.
Which one of you is the fucking leak? Which one of you rat bastards are the one that is leaking information out of my security service that is placing lives in jeopardy? They all looked at him, shocked at what Stryker had just said! What brought that on? Stryker said, Now you know how I feel! Do I honestly think that one of you is the leak? No! However, someone is and we just do not know whom! I need for all of you to do a search on all E-mails, outgoing calls, faxes, and communications. If that leak is here, I want to know it! Check all of Stryker employees accounts. Look for large sums of money, or where large sums were, but have been moved. Shake every employee until someone bleeds. If that leak is here, I want to know about it!
After Stryker ended the meeting, and while the four of them were still in the room, Josh spoke up. Sir, with all that is going on, I hate to pile anything on top of it, but we may be looking at a serious situation developing concerning Ms. Austin and her father. this was news to Candace and Stryker! Sol quickly asked, What is going on, Josh. Well sir, our operatives, and agents have followed your instructions to the letter, making sure to keep a low profile. As far as we can ascertain, Scalizi is unaware of who is in Chicago. With that said, I do not believe Scalizi is blind to our presence. We have had Scalizi thugs attack our operatives. Our operatives had to kill the thugs to protect our cover. It is my opinion that Adolfo Scalizi is aware that something is going on, but I just dont believe he knows who we are, because of us not receiving any repercussion from any government officials in Illinois. Josh explained.
Okay, so Scalizi has taken a hit on some of his henchmen. What has that got to do with Candace? asked Stryker.  Well sir, something big is going down. Scalizi had a host of visitors today. I will Email you a list of all the top officials in Illinois that were there. Josh passed out a list to each of those in the room. There were over thirty high ranking visitors in all. All known close associates of Adolfo Scalizi. I believe Scalizi is circling the wagons, setting up a takedown of our people, said an apprehensive Josh.
Stryker knew all too well this was what he feared. He looked at them and said, Josh and Jeanie, keep working on the leak. Andy you are to gather all the Intel you can. Josh, call General Stilwell, and apprise him of the situation. Let him know I will go over the plan we will execute to take down the Scalizis. Contact our operatives and tell them to become shadows until we get there. Apprise our people in the FBI and Homeland Security and get their help. Tell them that the Scalizi family, as well as their bought off government officials, are about to go down hard! Have the Cobra and Blackhawk helicopters ready to go airborne at a moment's notice! Get to work folks. Peoples lives are at risk and it is up to us to save them. Move it!
Stryker looked at Candace. She was white and shaking. Candace, I want you to do something for me. Stryker requested. What is that? whispered a terrified Candace. Stryker raised Candaces hand to his mouth and kissed the back of her hand. Put your complete trust in me! Candace looked at Sol and saw a look that reassured her she was with an extraordinary man who was ready to protect her at all costs. I will. is all she said.

Chapter 45
Candace and Stryker got into Leos Cadillac, with Stryker in the back seat. She made sure she was so close to the car door, the only way she could get any farther from Leo was to open the door. They were heading to the house where she and Leo had lived, with the pretense that this may help restore her memory of their life that they shared. She was not about to tell him of the real reason she needed to go to her house. She needed to get the memory stick she had hidden there. It held all her research and evidence against the Scalizi crime organization. The evidence she gathered was from a very vocal, very inebriated Leo, pictures that she had taken with her camera phone, electronic bugs that she had eventually been able to plant as she gained the confidence of the Scalizi family as well as hidden micro wireless cameras; all were on that memory stick. She had also downloaded the information from Leos laptop! Once she had gained their confidence, they made her feel at home and were happy to welcome her into their family.
Leos mother, Arianna, and father had insisted on paying for the entire wedding and honeymoon. Leos mother had begged Candace to allow her to be the wedding planner and take care of all of the things needed to make a wedding happen. Candace just gushed at all the attention Leos mother was showing her, hugging her, and telling her to feel free to make the wedding happen the way she dreamed it should be. Leos mother had thanked Candace and said she welcomed her as a daughter.
Candace hated to hurt Arianna the most. Candace knew she was sincere in what she said and did. Still, she was married to Adolfo and spawned some of the worst crime members; being her children. Candace never could get a good read on how much Arianna knew about the family business, but Candace could not believe anyone could be that dense not to realize what her family did to bring in the money that allowed them to live the posh lifestyle they had. Candace would not allow herself to become concerned about how the fallout affected the Scalizis, even Arianna!
Leo guided the Cadillac into the Lake Forest community and pulled up to a beautiful home. The garage door opened when Leo pressed the remote and he pulled the Cadillac into it and turned off the ignition. Candace feigned at how beautiful the area, as well as the home was. Stryker said he had to agree with her. They all three exited the car as the garage door closed. Candace would have felt defensive about being in a closed garage with Leo if it were not for Sol being there. She had to maintain control of her fears and emotions. Even with Sol being there with her, she felt nervous.
Leo walked to the door that led into the house and opened it. Candace followed him in and commented on how beautiful the house was and how nicely it was decorated. She was giving the performance of her life, or at least pick it up where she had left off. It was easy, though, since it was such a beautiful home. Candace took her time in every room to appear as if she were doing her best to remember. She looked and touched, acting as if she was trying to sense her memory back. After going through all the rooms on the first floor, they climbed the stairs to the second floor. She started going from room to room doing her sense of feel and looking at everything. They finally reached the master bedroom where she had spent many a night with Leo.
She walked in, stopped, and looked quizzically as if she was remembering things. Leo noticed her look. Does this room seem more than just a bedroom to you? asked Leo. The whole house has a familiarity to it. It feels good to be in the house, like it does when you are used to being somewhere! half-lied Candace. Candace looked at Leo and asked him, Would it be okay if I just sat in here for a while, by myself, and just feel and listen to the sounds and work with the fragments I have and see if they come together? I know the house just has a familiarity to it that, and I know this is going to sound weird or corny, but like it is calling to me! Leo smiled with excitement. Take all the time you need, Candy. Ill just go downstairs with Stryker and pour some wine for when you are ready to come down! With that, Leo and Stryker turned around and closed the door as he left.
Candace listened to Leo and Strykers footsteps recede down the hallway and then down the stairs. As soon as she was sure he was gone, she immediately went straight to her dresser. She pulled out the bottom left hand drawer and felt underneath it. Her knees went weak! There it was! If the memory stick were found in her possession, they would kill her! Her fathers life would be in jeopardy as well. She hid it in a place it no one would find it! She taped it to her body inside her panties. It was where no one would be going today! She waited around thirty minutes and she opened the door, and readied herself for another great act of her life! She just needed to stay calm like Sol had said. Candace worried if his Security Forces and Commandos were going to be enough to hold off the mob!
Candace reached the bottom of the stairs. Leo saw Candace; walked over to her and handed her a glass of wine. He looked at Candace, wanting to ask the question they both knew needed asking. Well, Candace was this trip a boon or a bust? asked Leo. Candace worded her next words very carefully, Leo, we bought this house together, right? In addition, this is the first time we lived together. We are going to Hawaii for our honeymoon, right. How is that for a start? she smiled at Leo. She could swear she saw tears in his eyes! You remembered! Leo shouted. Well, I dont quite remember everything, but it is starting to come together! she laughed.
They hugged each other and for the first time since she returned to Chicago, they kissed. Then the kiss became deeper. Candace could feel her body start responding with equal desire. Whoa. Do not let it get out of control! She stepped back and said, Now that I remember! You are still a great kisser! Leo laughed. He had a nice laugh, always did. Are you going to move back in today? asked Leo. Could you give me just a couple more days to get everything in my head worked out before I move back in? My Dad and Mr. Stryker have been worried about me going too fast. I just want to make it to where he is comfortable that the old Candace is back. Candace asked.
Candace could tell it hurt Leo. She was more worried about how bad the sight of the kiss hurt Sol! Leo smiled and said, Two days? I have a lifetime ahead with you. The house and I will be waiting for you to come home! They hugged again. Thank you Leo for being so understanding. That was something that attracted me to you! You have always had a good heart. I love that about you! The problem was; Candace was speaking from her heart as well! This was a train wreck waiting to happen and she felt as if someone had tied her to the tracks, that someone being her! They were heading towards the garage, when Leo stopped and turned around and said, Oh, by the way. Father called today and they are having some guests over for supper tomorrow night and asked that you and your father come as well. Father said they could not wait to see you and your father. He said it seemed like forever since they had seen you and could not wait to hear about your wreck and all that had happened. Shall I pick you both up tomorrow?
Candace thought about it for a moment and said, I think Ill drive my car. I would like to show it off. That thing is really something to drive! Oh, and I would like Dr. Stryker to come along as well, to meet your family. said a happy Candace. Both Stryker and her saw the anger flash across his face. Well okay, said Leo. Just dont get yourself killed in that thing before we can get married Leo said with less enthusiasm than he should have shown.
Candace knew they might need her car to get them out of what may be an extremely bad and serious situation! What was bothering Candace the most was; Leos father had never invited her to anything! When they arrived back at Buds house, Stryker got out of the car and headed to the house. He left Candace and Leo to plan whatever they had on their minds. He knew the kiss he watched had not been what was in the plan and it was not an act. Stryker knew that this might happen, so feeling betrayed was his own fault, not hers. They had never spoken of any type of relationship that tied them to each other. He did not have time for these unsettling types of thoughts.
He heard the front door close. Candace was speaking to her father. Stryker knew he had to leave to arrive on the scheduled time to meet with the president and General Stilwell at OHare. He came down the stairs. He looked at Bud and Candace and said he had a meeting to go to and that he would see them later. Candace went over to Sol to talk to him and he looked at her and said, You are a better actor than you give yourself credit. You had me believing that kiss was more than just a kiss! and he walked out the door.
Candace was about to go after him, when her father grabbed her arm. I believe you need to be careful. You are playing with fire and you had better hope the fire extinguisher that just walked out the door is there when you need him.

Chapter 46
Stryker arrived at OHare thirty minutes ahead of the scheduled meeting with the President. General Stilwell would be on Air Force One as well. Stryker took the time to go over the leak in the security system. He had an idea forming in his mind, but just did not want to believe he would even think about it, let alone that it might be true! Stryker remembered something the General had said, Someone had told someone. He had a leak at Stryker Security. No one outside of Stryker Security, other than General Stilwell, was aware of the Afghanistan operation. Someone inside had leaked the mission and could have got all of them killed! Remembering an earlier conversation with the general, Stryker knew a decision had to be made.
General, who else knew in your office about our mission, asked Stryker. Only myself and Sergeant Alley, why? asked the General. We have to start looking at everyone who had knowledge of the mission, and your office has to be considered also, explained Stryker. Of course you are right. I just hope it is not Scott, murmured the General. As do I, as do I. said Stryker. He felt an overwhelming need for an independent, undercover investigator, to find and report information that needed to keep his services and business secure! He knew the right person for the job Jonathan Evans!
Jonathan Evans is the best investigator out there. He just happens to be the head of Stryker Investigative Services. If there was the spook of spooks when it came to the spy game, Jonathan was it! If he could not find out what was going on, no one could! He felt better now that had that settled! Stryker dialed a number on his Stryker Phone and waited for an answer. Hello sir, said Jonathan.  Hello yourself said Stryker. Jonathan, General Stilwell and I are going to have a meeting with the President is a short while. I have a mission that is right up your alley. explained Stryker. A common enemy I take it, sir? asked Jonathan. Yes and one of the worst kind, but one I believe is someone you may have ran across. Stryker replied. Let me know as soon as you how you want it handled, Jonathan said knowing when Stryker needed him; it was a highly dangerous mission.
The President and General Stilwell arrived in Air Force One. Instead of him disembarking from it, he had Stryker board the plane. The stairs moved away, and A. F. O. started moving. After A.F.O. leveled off, the Presidents private door opened and a Secret Service agent motioned for them to enter. After the door closed behind them, the President motioned for them to sit. Would any of you like a Brandy? asked the President. General Stilwell said yes, but Stryker just requested bottled water. Once everyone had sat down, The President looked at the two of them and started, Gentleman, as you are aware, the events in Afghanistan have caused quite a stir. To say the least, a lot of Senators, as well as Congressmen want your heads on a silver platter. What am I going to do? There was pregnant silence that invaded the room. Finally, Stryker broke it.
Sir, contrary to what is being told, we were there first. We had Mohammed Al Akbar under surveillance for two weeks before I gave the order to proceed with a snatch and grab to bring him out, without causing casualties. In addition, contrary to what you heard, it was not a terrorist stronghold. The only terrorist there was Al Akbar, no one else! There was no reason to destroy that village and murder all of those innocent people! Can you back all of this up? asked the President. Yes sir! We have stored all documentation, surveillance video, radio and video transmissions as well as the infiltration in to the village itself. All of this is safe in a secure location, explained General Stilwell. I knew there was something wrong with this whole situation! Ive known you General Stilwell, and Stryker long enough to believe neither of you would sell out our country! exclaimed the President. What I am about to tell you goes no farther than this room. Agreed? asked the President. General Stilwell and Stryker agreed.
We have a common enemy. I do not know his real name yet. He goes by the code name; Ghost. This man is working behind the scenes, supposedly for the good of our country, but I cannot verify his claim. Men, this man scares even me. I have no doubt that he was behind the destruction of that village. Why, I have yet to understand. sighed the President. I believe I can tell you why, said Stryker. Stryker went on to fill the President in about the five terrorists, how someone had helped them. He told the President also about his inability to discover his own past, that someone had made it classified to where even Stryker could not see the files. We have to be careful from here on out. Being the President, and surrounded by Secret Service, does not make me feel safe from this man. In the files you have in front of you are all I know about him, including a recent picture. We will need to work closely together and find a way to communicate without the possibility an interception of the communication. That is why I chose an in-flight meeting. We will, Mr. President. I will also work closely with the Secret Service, and supply them with any help that will keep you safe, promised Stryker.
They promised to come up with a solid game plan and then meet again. With that, A.F.O. headed back to OHare with three very worried yet determined men. Stryker faxed the picture of the Ghost to Jonathan from A.F.O. Stryker called Jonathan and asked, Anyone you know? Jonathan was silent for a moment and then said, I know him very well! So this is the Ghost! Jonathan chuckled. All three men aboard the A.F.O. just leaned back and smiled.

Chapter 47
The next evening, Candace was readying to go to the Scalizi home. Stryker was already outside waiting for her. They had gone over the possibilities of the dinner meeting. The talk had been straightforward without emotion. Her father was still a few minutes away from being ready, so Candace went out where Stryker was already warming up the car.
Candace got inside the car, closed the door. Sol, what have I done? Since we went to the house, you have been very quiet and cold towards me. Have I done something to make you mad at me or have I hurt you? You did nothing. We both knew that your memories could come back and with that your feelings and the need for your life before your injury. When you and Leo kissed, I saw the passion that passed between you. You remembered that you do love him. As I have said, I will always be your friend. That has not changed, nor will it ever. Stryker said without emotion.
Candace wondered how or if she could plead her case with him. Surely, he knew she would never lie to him! Sol, I wont deny that when you saw us kiss, memories of those old days did rise up, and then I realized I was more concerned about you than I was about him or anything we ever had. I in no way wanted to hurt you. I still do not! Please remember it was part of an act, nothing more!
Stryker sat there, mulling over what Candace had said. Once again, they had never said anything about a promised relationship. He still felt so much for her. He knew they needed to get through the next few days alive. He could not let it go by, not knowing how the outcome will be without telling her his feelings.
I am afraid I may have interfered with the outcome yesterday. I was present, when I should not have been. I want you to remember your past and those in your life and the feelings you had for them. With me there, I interrupted that flow, because I made you self-conscious. I could have easily followed you in my car, just to maintain your safety. That was a mistake and a bad judgment call on my part. For that, I apologize. Candace was not sure how to respond to that. She knew he was partially right Sol, I care for you deeply and want to move forward with you. However, I will not argue the point with you. If that is how you want it, then I will respect your wishes. I had hoped this would bring an end to Chicago and a new beginning in Tennessee. If after Chicago is finished and you want to continue with me to see where that takes us, I will be there, waiting. I just do not want you feeling beholding to me for the help I gave you. I too would like to see where we end up, but that must be your choice after you spend time in Chicago living your life again. The offer of working with my company is still open to you and I hope you accept it. I believe you would be a great asset to our business. I do not just want to move to Tennessee for a job. I have jobs wherever I want them. They pay very well, too. I want to move to Tennessee because of us. Working together with you has been something that has been on my mind for quite a while now. I want there to be an us. Is that something that you would want? Candace said at the point of tears.
Stryker heard the emotion in her voice. He felt something tear at his gut that he had never felt before! You well know I will not lie. I too have thought of that and often. I had hoped that someday I would run into you. You being someone I could care about without you being afraid of me, nor being afraid of the person I am. You have already seen more about me and heard me open up more than I ever have. Actually, I have never let another woman get this close to me. Something about you makes me comfortable. I can relax and feel free for the first time in my life. Maybe that does not sound like a speech about love because I have never tried to make one. The only people I have ever loved in my life are my parents!
To me, those are some of the most loving and caring words I have ever heard! Yes, I will be coming to Tennessee. I believe there is so much more for you to show me. I would love to walk by your side, if you let me. I hope you find more in me that will keep you interested! Candace said as a tear leaked down her cheek. Stryker reached over and wiped the tear from her cheek. He turned towards her and kissed her. It was not a long kiss, but one that allowed an understanding to pass between them. They held each others hands and looked at each other. We need to get through this together, so there is a future in Tennessee. Stryker sighed. Have you got a plan? I mean, are we going to be safe? asked a concerned Candace. I have planned for what is known. The unknown is where the danger lies. I have never been in their home. That leaves me with not knowing what entrances or exits exist. I do not know how many of his men will be in the house or how they will be armed.
Homeland Security, the FBI, and my Stryker Commandos surround the house. All have been busy preparing for this and I have confidence we will come out of this alive. I will protect you and your father with my life. I will gladly forfeit it, so you can live! I do not believe it will come to that as I have faced people worse than the Scalizis with all of my people coming home in good shape! I do not want you worrying! I asked you to believe in me and I want you to know that you can! Candace, I have had operatives watching over you since you arrived in Chicago. Once I found out who Leo and his family were, I was afraid for you, so I sent help just in case. Stryker explained. I am scared, Sol. I wish I had remembered this before I left for Chicago! Candace said with conviction. What is done is done Candace. Our operatives have told me that we are under surveillance right now! Evidently, Adolfo wants to ensure you do not run! General Stilwell is at OHare as we speak. I have a Blackhawk full of more of my Commandos and an Apache Helicopter ready to lift off to assist in every way possible. What do I do Sol? cried Candace. Calm down! There is an army of people there for us! Remember, the car is a safe haven!
Now there is one thing we need to do before we leave. Do you have the memory stick with you? asked Stryker.  Yes, it is in my purse, replied Candace. Stryker looked upset at Candace. Why would you have it in your purse? If they searched you and found it, all you had gathered on them would be gone as well as your bargaining chip to stay alive! I never thought of it that way! Candace said with embarrassment. We have a lot to learn, dont we? Stryker said smiling to ease the moment. Let me have it and Ill show you something you dont know about your car. Have you been keeping secrets from me about my car? asked Candace as she handed the thumb drive to Stryker. Just a few things small items, that is all. This one is nothing major. Now watch and learn! I want to call Andrew. Stryker said as they watched the dash open and the monitors fold out.
Hello, Mr. Stryker. How can I help you? asked Andrew. Andrew I am going to be plugging in a memory stick. Candace is there any personal information on the drive as well? Yes there is. I have named the Scalizi file Chicago. Thats all that needs to be accessed, explained Candace. You heard the lady, Andrew. Only copy over the Chicago file! laughed Stryker. Yes sir. The Chicago files only! Andrew laughed as well. Stryker reached down by the monitors and lifted a little flap out of the way. It revealed a USB port. Stryker plugged the memory stick into it and said, You should see it any moment now, Andrew. Ive got it now and I have it copied over. Ms. Austin, do I have your permission to open up the file that says, Beach Pictures? asked Andrew. Candace grabbed the memory stick! Hey! Where did the file go? asked Andrew. You better not have copied them! Candace yelled, her face turning red. Andrew! Stryker said menacingly. Andrew was laughing. You know better than that sir! I just had to see what Ms. Austins reaction was going to be!
I am going to sign off before an all out war begins! Start disseminating the information as fast as you can. I believe Homeland Security and the FBI are going to want to corral quite a few people for prosecution. Stryker laughed. Stryker looked at Candace and said, Are you ever going to share that file with me someday? Baby steps, Sol! Baby steps! said Candace said throwing what he had once told her back at him!

Chapter 48
Arianna was fretting. She knew what the evening was not going to be one of celebration! Adolfo was scheming and that meant he was about to commit another one of his evil acts. This time it wasnt on an unknown small time thug or on some up and coming competition, but on her family! She thought about taking the gun that Mario gave her and finish off her husband before he could harm one of her own. The problem was she knew she would hesitate and Adolfo would have his reason to be rid of her! Arianna approached her husband who was in his study! Adolfo, I know you are planning something, but I will not stand by and let you hurt one of my children! You are asking too much of me! These are our children! How can you be so cold and calculating when it is your own flesh and blood! You never fail to surprise me, Arianna. Do you think I would want to hurt one of our children? I am holding onto a thread of hope that this evening will end happy, not sad! Adolfo said with meaning. I still will not allow you to hurt one of our children! cried Arianna. You will do as you are told! You are talking not only to your husband but also to the man who holds your very life or death in his hands. How the night ends for you may change if you dont follow my orders! Now damn it Arianna, get your ass out there to greet everyone! If I see any hint of trouble out of you, I will excuse you from the evenings events and for the rest of your very short life! Now go! yelled Adolfo.
After Arianna left the study, Adolfo closed the double doors and locked them. He walked over to his desk, unlocked and opened one of the drawers on his desk. He pulled out a phone that he used for just one caller. He hit the speed dial number and it rang twice before answered. The voice on the other end said, Adolfo, so nice of you to call! I take it your party is about to begin? laughed the voice on the other end. Listen, you son of a fucking whore! This is my family youre talking about! Your fucking information better be correct! snarled Adolfo. Adolfo, Adolfo! When has my information ever been wrong? I have always supplied you with the best and most accurate information available! I have never lied to you! You mean too much to our organization! said the Voice. Tonight your information may cost someone their life; and that life may even be one of my own family members! If youre wrong, I will kill you myself! said an angry Adolfo. Oh, I dont think that will be necessary. The information is accurate. Have an enjoyable and interesting evening! with that said, the Ghost ended the call.
It is a shame that he failed to mention that Stryker Security, the FBI and Homeland Security were all outside ready to breach Adolfos home or that the famous Solomon Stryker was to be one of his guests! At least his informant was very specific about the information they delivered to him! The Scalizis were just to be one more chess piece moved on the Ghosts chessboard. Let the games begin!

Chapter 49
Adolfo Scalizi was making sure that everything was perfect for tonight. He had his wife overseeing the meal with all of the staff as well as the decorations. This was to be the night of nights for the Scalizi family. A homecoming you might say. All of his children and grandchildren would be under one roof again. It had been a long time. Tonight was the night when he would solidify, again, the Scalizi Legacy and the iron fist he held over his family before slamming his fist down on those who are seeing the influx of the invisible army as a time to challenge that Legacy! He loved his family, in his own way, but nothing, not even one of his own children would jeopardize the Legacy!
Arianna Scalizi came into the study where her husband was standing, smoking his cigar. She hated it when he smoked in the house, but worse than that, she hated the smell of cigars in general! She walked her way up to him and said, Everything is ready. The dinner will be a great success. Everything will be perfect for the dinner party you have planned for our family. Adolfo did not relish the idea of possibly having to hurt his own son, but he felt the ruthless killer in him, as it began to rise up! It was about more than just his son it was about maintaining power! The Scalizis would stay in power for generations. He would see to the Legacys future, just as his father had, and his father before him. His youngest son was what was jeopardizing the Legacy now, he and his fiance! He had no choice but to deal with the situation! He did not necessarily want to hurt them; he hoped they could reach an understanding that would allow a peaceful solution.
Arianna, take care to heed our discussion earlier and do not cross me! I will secure The Legacy at all costs! You know that! They jeopardize it. No one will ever destroy the Scalizi Legacy, not even my son! I will not be the one to allow it to end! It will not end on my watch! Leo has brought danger to the Legacy and I must deal with the problem! A sound of the front door opening broke his rant. He looked at the door and his oldest child, Alicia, her husband Sully and their two sons; Sully Jr. and Donnie, came through the door. The boys came running to their grandmother and hugged her excitedly. They then walked over to their grandfather, looked up at him and for a moment they stood there and then Adolfo grabbed them both up and twirled around while they giggled and laughed. They were the Legacys future, but more than that, they were the joy of his heart. The little bit of a heart he had actually had! Alicia walked over and hugged her mother and then her father. Sully hugged his mother-in-law and gave her a kiss on the cheek. He then walked over to Adolfo and shook his hand.
At that moment, the door opened again and his son, Mario came walking through. Mario had never settled down, choosing rather to be the playboy that wealth allowed him and a deadly arm of the Scalizi Family. Adolfo and Arianna had wished for him to settle down and have a family, but that was not in Marios plan as of yet. Mario kissed his mother, shook his fathers hand, and kissed each side of his face. He then chased the boys around the house. Yes, thought Adolfo, this was home. All of his power emanated from this place!
The next person to walk through the door was Leo. Leo saw all his family and flashed that million-dollar smile of his to everyone, and hugged them all. All except for his father, there was never that open affection displayed. He shook his fathers hand and kissed each side of his face. No one commented on Leos swollen nose and blackened eyes. Leo thought it odd as his injuries were blatantly obvious, but decided to let it slide.
Adolfo kept his sons, his own children, at a handshakes distance away. He was never overly affectionate, in public, with their mother. Leo had seen other husbands and wives hugging and kissing in front of their children. It was something Leo always felt that was healthy for the children to see and he was determined that Candace and his children would! That type of healthy relationship would not happen in this house. Never!
Leo, where is Candace and her father? I thought they were supposed to ride with you, asked his mother. No, Mother, she has a new Chevrolet Camaro and she wanted to drive them here. It is a very sharp car! said Leo. Oh, okay, but they are going to still be coming for supper? Yes, Mother, they should be here any minute now and they are bringing a guest, answered Leo. Adolfos head snapped up when Leo said guest. Who told you it was permitted for a guest to be brought tonight? This is my home! You do not invite anyone unless I authorize it! shouted an angry Adolfo. Who is this guest that you took it upon yourself to invite?
His name is Dr. Solomon Stryker. He is a friend of both Candace and her father. He has been helping Candace rehabilitate from the injuries she sustained in the car accident as well as working to help restore her memory. He seems to be a very nice person, father, so please do not embarrass me with an outburst in front of them! an angry Leo fired back at his father. I cant believe you are my son! Do you know who Solomon Stryker is? Did you take time to learn anything about him before you invited him into my home? Adolfo at this point was livid with anger. Why dont you fill me in father? Is he another gangster that threatens the Legacy? Is he a killer like you? What, father? What is wrong with our guest? Leo asked angrily. He owns one of the most feared security agencies in the world! He destroys those like us without a second thought! Strykers army has invaded Chicago! You have invited a wolf in among rabbits! You have no clue or understanding about our world, or who our enemies are! It is your world, father, not mine! Leo fought back the urge to scream at his father. Adolfo walked up to Leo and backhanded him so hard that Leo hit the floor. You are your mothers son! You are weak and incapable of being a Scalizi! shouted Adolfo.
When it appeared that Adolfo would continue his tirade, the doorbell rang. Arianna walked over and opened the door. She let out a squeal and yelled, Candace, oh goodness, it is so good to see you again! I have missed you so much, and with the wedding only two months away, we still have so much to do! Mr. Austin, it so good to see you again as well! This house has seemed so empty without you two being here! I am so glad you could make it! Tell me, Candace, who is this handsome man you have brought to our home? Arianna, I would like to introduce you to Dr. Solomon Stryker. Dr. Stryker, may I introduce you to Arianna Scalizi. Stryker bent down, took Ariannas hand, placed a kiss on the back of it, and said, The pleasure is all mine, Mrs. Scalizi!
Leo came over and said, Stryker, let me introduce you to the rest of my family! Leo said over enthusiastically as he walked around and introduced Stryker to each member. When Leo introduced Stryker to Adolfo, Adolfo shook Strykers hand and felt the crushing pressure Stryker applied to the handshake. Stryker locked eyes with Adolfo and smiled. It was the first time Adolfo had felt fear since he was a boy! The moment and expressions were not lost on Leo, who smiled an even bigger smile!
Come on everyone, the evening is just getting started! invited Arianna as everyone was guided to the main dining hall. She placed Leo and Candace next to each other, while placing Stryker and Candaces father across from them. The server came out with the salads for everyone and bowls of different types of dressing. Alicia and Mario glanced over to their father who nodded for them to begin eating. Before they turned away, they saw the demon of their great grandfather in his eyes!
Dr. Stryker, what is it that you specialize in? asked Arianna as she tried to break the ominous tension in the room. I am a doctor of forensic science as well as having a Bachelors Degree in Psychology. I am also a Graduate of Julliard as a concert pianist. I have been working with veterans of our military in helping them to deal with war injuries from physical to mental. I was present at Ms. Austins car accident, and volunteered to help her regain her mobility as well as help her to try to regain as much of her memory as is possible. Stryker responded. Oh my, you really are an educated man! Perhaps later you could entertain us with your skill on the piano! Arianna said, trying to keep a positive note to the conversation. Perhaps I will, Stryker responded.

Chapter 50
The meal began in a fun and talkative manner, with everyone talking about various topics. The topics finally came around to what Candace had dreaded, the wedding day. The women started discussing all the things still yet to be done. To Candaces credit, she was able to maintain a very upbeat faade and enthusiasm concerning the upcoming wedding. Candace wondered how Sol would respond, hearing that an actual wedding had been planned!
The kitchen staff came in and removed the dinner dishes and they started serving dessert; a beautiful Tiramisu cake. The cake was delicious. Candace had always loved Tiramisu, but tonight she just picked at it. There were so many things going through her mind. After tonight, she would have to convince her father to sell their home and leave Chicago. Her mother and father had lived in the house the whole time they were married. Candace thoughts were interrupted when she heard her name mentioned. She shook herself out of her reverie. Candace, are you alright? You seemed not to be listening! asked Alicia. Candace realized she had been concentrating on how to get away and had forgotten that tonight she might need to be paying attention!
I am so sorry! With my memory coming back in chunks now instead of fragments, I seem to space out when a memory starts tugging at my brain. I am so sorry! Candace lied. Arianna said it was understandable with all that Candace had been through and now remembering she was about to be married, it was just a lot for anyone to take in at one time.  Candace thanked Arianna for understanding. It was then that Adolfo stood up and announced a toast, I would like to make a toast to Leo and Candace on their upcoming marriage! May they have many happy years together and may this house have many more grandchildren running around making it a young, happy home again! They then touched their glasses together.
Alicia looked at her father who nodded his head. Sully, honey, would you care to take the children outside and keep them occupied for a while? I need to speak with father. Sure, come on kids. Lets see what kind of trouble we can get into, outside! laughed Sully. Sully knew when Alicia needed to speak to her father; it was about the family business. He never had a desire to know what they were planning. He had a job that had nothing to do with the Scalizi name and preferred to keep it that way.
As a matter of fact, said Adolfo. Let us all go to the study and we can speak more of the wedding and go over family business as well. Dr. Stryker, you will of course excuse us as this is family business and private. This may cause confusion for my patient and I may be needed, so I must insist that I be present, replied Stryker. Dr. Stryker, with all due respect, the answer is no, you may not be present. My son has invited you as a guest only. As a guest, I expect you to respect my wishes. Adolfos tone started to rise. If that is what you wish, then I will advise my patient not to participate in your family meeting without her doctor being present, as she may relapse into some memory loss! Stryker responded with an icy tone to his voice.
Candace knew that a dangerous situation was starting to unfold and went to step in, If my doctor is so set Ms. Austin, you will remain quiet. As you are still not officially a part of this family, I would suggest you know your place and learn when to speak and when to be silent! Adolfo said with a tone meant to intimidate Candace. You may speak to your family in that manner, and they may fall for your big bravado, but you do not impress me. Nor will you ever speak to me in that manner again! You just made yourself into a small impotent man in my eyes! yelled Candace.
Adolfo knew he was losing control of the situation and decided to offer an olive branch, at least for the moment. We will proceed as you wish, Ms. Austin. I may have misunderstood the extent of your injury. I also wish to apologize for my tone and the words I poorly chose. Of course, Dr. Stryker may attend our meeting. There was a menacing tone coming from Adolfo. Adolfo did not miss the smile on Strykers face.
Everyone stood up and followed Adolfo to the study. Arianna, would you please ask the staff not to disturb us, then come back, and join us in the study! Yes, Adolfo, as you wish, said Arianna. Candace, her father and Stryker followed as well. They all found seats in the study and while everyone was making small talk, Arianna returned, closed the double doors and was about to walk away from them, when the look her husband gave her made her turn around to quietly lock the doors.
Candace being on high alert asked Arianna, Do you normally lock the doors for a friendly talk? Yes, dear, it is a habit that we do to keep all of conversations from being interrupted by staff members, said a very nervous Arianna. Wait a minute! Wasnt Arianna supposed to have just told the staff they were not to be disturbed? This did not bode well and Candace knew it.
After everyone had taken a seat, Adolfo sat behind his big desk in an overstuffed leather chair, like a king sitting on his throne. He leaned back and looked at everyone in the room. It was if the room itself had quit breathing and was waiting for someone to take a breath! Adolfo knew how to focus everyones attention on him and in doing so, let him or her wait until he was ready to speak, which he finally did.
All of our family is under one roof again. That pleases me. For Candace and her father, when the Scalizi family has a meeting, we like everyone present. Scully has never opted to be a special part of our family, so we honor that. This is your first meeting with us as a family and hopefully the start of many more! There are certain parts of the meeting you wont need to be involved in at this point, but later, we hope you will wish to be included. Being a part of the Scalizi family is a special honor that few are offered. It comes with the prestige of wealth and power. It opens doors quickly that most could never open. However, with it comes an honor that we proudly refer to as the Scalizi Legacy. Trust will be earned over time, but is dealt with swiftly and with full malice should it be broken. Nothing about the Scalizi Legacy is to be mentioned outside this home. Does everyone agree? With that said, Adolfo scanned across everyones faces to see the nod of agreement.
Stryker was having a hard time stifling a laugh. This man was drunk on his own Legacy. He was doing everything to keep Scalizi off balance by continuing to lock eyes with him and smile. Stryker knew they were in a dangerous and a fluid situation but still could not help smiling to himself when he considered how hard Adolfo was about to fall!
Good! exclaimed Adolfo. Leo and Candace are to be married in two months. It is always so enjoyable for young people when they start out on a new life together! Their futures ahead of them and living life as it was meant to be lived; Love, honor and trust.  Trust; now what does that mean? Well, being faithful to the one you love. It also means building a relationship to where, under no circumstance would you ever betray that trust. Leo and Candace, do you see where I am going with this? Candace and Leo looked at each other, trying to understand to what he was referring. Leo asked his father, Father, maybe it would be easier if you just spelled out what point you are trying to drive home. Right now, I am at a loss as to where you are going with this. Do you understand any of this Candace? Am I the only one that is missing something? asked a confused Leo. Candace looked at Leo and shrugged her shoulders, indicating she did not have an idea either.
Adolfo picked it back up, Earlier today, I had this room and eventually the whole house swept for any type of transmitting bugs, cameras or anything else that would compromise conversations in this house. Listening devices or bugs as well as remote cameras were found to be placed strategically, throughout the house. I had them all removed. The question remains: who put them there and why? If I had this room swept right now, what do you think we would find? When Leo and Candace still looked confused, Adolfo pressed a button on the phone and said, Come in! They heard the two doors unlock. Two guards came in with electronic equipment of some kind and locked the doors behind them. Adolfo said to Candace, Leo and Candaces father and Stryker in a slightly angry tone, The four of you empty everything you are carrying on my desk. Candace you are to dump the contents of your purse on my desk as well.
Now wait just a minute, father. I do not know what is going on here, but I did not invite Candace and her father here tonight for you to treat them like criminals. Candace, you, your father, and Stryker get up. We are leaving now! said a very angry Leo. Adolfo walked over to Leo and slapped him extremely hard across his face. Are you now in control of the Scalizi Legacy? Not while I am alive will you ever be in control of it! You are weak! You and your siblings will never stand up to me and challenge my authority! growled Adolfo. Leo stood up and went toe to toe with his father. I have never broken trust with you! I have always put the familys fucking Legacy ahead of anything I have done! I launder the money, so this familys enterprises look legal! I have turned my head while you had people killed! Yes, I know you father and the fucking Legacy! Be careful how far you take this father! I have some tricks up my sleeve as well and remember, I learned from the best. I did not have a father as other children. I had a mean, uncaring, non-loving father who raised his children as he would cattle! You drove us! Other fathers encouraged their children to be better. All you taught us was to protect the Legacy, even if that meant killing, torturing or any other ruthless tactic needing done to maintain our power! raged Leo.
By this time, Adolfo was purple with rage! He pulled a gun that he had tucked in the back of his waistband. He pointed it at Leos forehead. Arianna screamed. Alicia and Mario stood there cold and quiet. Candace stood frozen in place. Her father was about to say something, when Candace grabbed his hand tightly, and shook her head. Leo screamed at his father, Do it, you bastard! Pull the trigger! Do you not think I have prepared for this moment? You pull that trigger and your Legacy is gone forever! I have all the information that the authorities would love to have on you and your friends ready to be delivered to the FBI, should I disappear or be killed. So, damn you, do it!
Adolfo lowered the gun, walked behind his desk, and opened a drawer. He pulled out a large white packet and threw it on his desk. You mean this information? Is this the trick to which you refer? If so, it just fell out! Did you really think anyone would allow you to cross me? Now, do you still want me to pull the trigger? By then, Leo had turned a pasty white color as the blood drained from his face. His bargaining chip was gone! Still he could not back down and show weakness! Leo walked up to his father, raised his fathers hand that held the gun, put the barrel between his eyes, and said, Fuck you, Father! Let us see if you have the balls to kill one of your own children! Let us see if you and the power of the fucking Legacy will make you man enough to kill your own son!
By now, Adolfo was in a rage! With that rage, Adolfo struck his son on his temple with the gun. Leo collapsed like a rag doll. No! cried Arianna. By then, blood was spurting out of the head wound. Leo was bleeding badly. As interesting as I find all of this, I think it is time to bring it to an end. You have been a tyrant too long and have made Chicago and many other areas your criminal playground. Put down your gun Scalizi, and do it now! commanded Stryker. Stryker you are one ballsy son of a bitch! You are unarmed and telling me to put my gun down? You think I am not aware of your army! Are they here to protect you now? I see no one but you and that is a shame for a man with your reputation! Adolfo laughed. Put your gun on him! Scalizi told one of the guards.
Leo was starting to groan, but did not try to get up. Adolfo looked at Candace and said; Now Ms. Austin, it is your turn to come clean on your undermining of the Scalizi Legacy? Oh, do not act so innocent. I know who you are and what you have been doing! I checked up on your so-called car accident and my, oh my, there were no recorded car accidents when you said yours occurred, nor where you say it occurred. The only thing we could find was a major explosion that happened that day, which the Military has kept under wraps. My sources said it was an attempted terrorist attack on you; Stryker, and take a guess at who was with him. You Ms. Austin, that is who! Would you care to explain this, so we can understand why you were with a top security service agency and the military, when you were supposedly on vacation?
It was Candaces turn to become cold and stare this evil man down! Okay, you bastard, you want the truth? With you and your Legacy built on lies, death, and corruption, the truth may shock your system! When Candace said that, Alicia walked over to Candace and tried to punch Candace in the mouth but Stryker grabbed her, picked her up, and threw her at Adolfo. Adolfos gun fired and Alicia screamed.
One of the two guards looked at the guard holding the gun on Stryker and shot him through the head. As the guard went down, Stryker pushed Candace and her father to the floor, grabbed the dead guards gun, and came up quickly. Marios gun had just cleared its holster when Stryker shot him through the heart. At that moment, windows crashed as Stryker Commandos came through. One of the Commandos saw Adolfo throw his daughters body out of the way. Adolfo was bringing his gun up to shoot Stryker. There was a pffft-pffft sound as two bullets came out of the silenced rifle, slamming Adolfo into wall. Blood streaked down the wall as Adolfos dead body slid down it. The Commando who shot Adolfo pulled off his ski mask and smiled at Candace! It was Andy!

Chapter 51
Strykers team, the FBI and Homeland Security had taken control of all of the rest of the Scalizi family and secured the house. Sully and the children were in a room away from the rest of the family. The children had been crying, but some of the strike team members had started playing with them and had them laughing. General Stilwell walked up to Sully and said, Sully, we know you were not involved in the family business. We are not going to be pressing charges against you. We will need your help, going over some information or anything else you can think of. With your assistance, we are gladly offering you and your children assistance in new identities and relocation, if you choose. I will be glad to help you in any way I can, but my children have gone through enough. I believe I will keep their lives as normal as I can and not take them away from my family and their friends. said Sully. Still, said the General. We will be there for you as long as needed, you can be sure of that. Thank you, sir. Whatever you need, be assured it is yours, replied the General as he shook Sullys hand.
Some Homeland Security officers were escorting Arianna Scalizi away in handcuffs, while Emergency Medical Technicians, wheeled out Leo Scalizi handcuffed to the stretcher. An FBI forensic team was already in the study working on all the information as well as the placement of the bodies. Homeland Security as well as the FBI was interviewing Candace and Bud. Stryker could see that they were both in shock and needed a break. He walked over to where they were sitting and asked if they could interview them both later. Candace stood up and grabbed Stryker. She held him tight for a long time, but to her credit was able to maintain her composure.
Are they all like this, Sol asked Candace. No. However, this is the first mob take down I have ever been involved with so to answer with a no might not be correct. Are the situations that I am involved with this dangerous? The answer to that would be yes and most times worse, Stryker replied. When Adolfo pulled out his gun, I was so scared! I thought for sure he would shoot us! Candace said while shaking. Candace, I want you to remember what happened in there. We had an ally already in there with us. One of the guards was an FBI undercover operative who had infiltrated the Scalizis. When Adolfo pulled his gun, no one looked at what the guard was doing, but he already had his gun out waiting for me to signal him to take down Scalizi. Timing is everything in a dangerous situation. If I had him shoot the other guard too soon, Scalizi would have gunned down my man and would have left me with no element of surprise. As long as Adolfo and Leo were at each others throats, we had time to let the situation unfold in our favor. There was a chance of things going wrong, but Andy was listening in the whole time. All I had to say was crash the party and they would have been through the windows. Because he heard gunfire and no command from me, he and the other Commando immediately repelled down the house and crashed the party. The sound of gunfire and no words from me is an automatic signal for them to join the party. Still interested in working by my side? said a serious Stryker. As long as you are there, the answer is a definite yes! This was scary as hell, but it felt good to take them down! Candace said with confidence.

Chapter 52
They heard a man yell, God damn it, Im the mayor! Stand aside and let me pass! With all due respect, sir, no one is allowed to pass without permission from our superior officer. And that includes you, sir! explained one of Strykers Commandos. The General exited the room. He went out and confronted the mayor. Does there seem to be a problem here, Mr. Mayor? asked the General. Yes by God there is! I want to know why I wasnt informed that you were going to be shooting and arresting some of our finest citizens, without giving my office prior notice! A hand touched the Generals shoulder. It was the Commanding Officer from Homeland Security and he was standing next to the main FBI Special Agent in charge. Would you mind if we handled it from here General? asked the CO. Ill be more than glad to let you deal with this moron! said the General.
The Homeland Security officer and the FBI agent took the Mayor into an unoccupied room. A few moments later, they emerged with the Mayor in handcuffs. Did you get the answer you were looking for, Mr. Mayor, sir? asked the General. The Mayor just kept his head down and did not reply. The General could not help but smile.
Candace now had tears pouring down her cheeks. Stryker handed her a Kleenex. Stryker looked at Candace and smiled, You did a great job, Candace. You brought the Scalizi family to their knees as well as those involved with them. You will finally get to write that big story you had hoped for! Candace said in between her bouts of crying, Too many people died. Now there will only be Arianna and Leo to face a judge. Yes, people died, but that was their choice, not yours. All in all, you have saved no telling how many lives and brought justice to those who died or were ruined by the Scalizi family. Stryker admonished her. How is Leo? Stryker froze when Candace asked that question. I dont know Candace. I was not worried about him. If you are concerned, I will get that information for you. Yes. The least I can do is to ensure he is okay, said Candace. As you wish. said a tight-lipped Sol. Candace caught the terse response from Stryker. She did not let go of his hand. Stryker looked at her as she said, Sol, please dont do that! What do I have to do to convince you it is you in my life? I just want to know if he is going to live or die. I am sorry, Candace. I am still running on adrenalin and it makes me edgy. I will find out for you how he is doing. If he is like the rest of his family, his head so hard nothing could hurt it! Stryker chuckled.
Candace reached over, punched Stryker in the arm, and said, You are such a big dope sometimes! Then she told herself that she had to quit punching him in the arm because her hand hurt for days when she did that! Stryker looked around the corner of the room in a few minutes and said, Yeah hes going to live. After they sentence him he may wished his dad had cracked his head! He ducked when Candace threw the Kleenex box at him!

Chapter 53
Stryker, General Stilwell, Andy as well as their counterparts in Homeland Security in addition, the FBI, had worked through the night making sure all of the Scalizi properties, accounts, and their homes were secure for further investigation. It would take time, maybe years, to arrest all that were involved with the Scalizis, but eventually all would be arrested and brought to justice.
It was getting towards daylight when Stryker informed them he would be driving Candace and Bud home, so they could all get some sleep. General Stilwell, Homeland Security, and the FBI would be staying behind for what was still a daunting task to finish their work. The Federal District Attorney, assigned to the case, was also due in this morning. They all told Stryker that he should go home and they would handle it from here. General Stilwell told Stryker that he would send him reports daily as to what was taking place as well as any more information they recovered.
As Candace, Bud and Stryker headed towards the Camaro, Stryker stopped and looked at Andy and said, You know Andy, I heard two bullet shots before you came through the window. If I remember correctly, one shot with no code name means to come in. Two shots fired, Andy. What kept you?" Boss, we had a poker game going and I had a straight flush and I wasnt about to leave until I won the pot! Andy replied fighting back laughter. Why you sorry, low down Stryker growled and tried to grab Andy, but he already had ten paces on Stryker and he was just too tired to chase after Andy. See you back in Tennessee, boss! Andy yelled as he kept running.

*****
They were driving towards the Austin home. Candace and Bud had already dozed off. Stryker was following the GPS on his phone to get them back to the house. Stryker looked into the rear view mirror and saw a Honda catching up to them much faster than it should. Stryker said, Call Josh! Stryker then heard, Yes sir, Mr. Stryker? Ive got a Honda coming up on my ass like a bat out of hell! I am going to make some fast street changes to see if they follow me or I lose them. See if you can get a read on their front license plate! Yes sir! I have a Chicago city map up on your screen now. I have entered the license plate into the system, have their name, and am entering it into the National Security System to see if he is in the systemyes; it is a local low profile hood from Chicago. He belongs to a local street gang, but does not seem to be a major player sir! Josh informed Stryker.
Here goes the first street changeand he changed streets as well! Okay here goes another one. Yes, he is staying with us! Candace, Bud, wake up! Come on, wake up now! commanded Stryker. Whats the matter, son? asked Bud. Candace was rubbing her eyes trying to wake up. I showed you how to pull your belts tight. I want you to do that right now! We seem to have some company. Bud, look at where we are at and think if there is an older four lane road that will have lighter traffic! instructed Stryker. Bud looked at their surrounding and street signs and said, Take the next left and follow it for four blocks then turn right and that should be what you are looking for! Stryker took the next left at high speed, squalling tires, and down shifting to gain power and speed! They all looked at the car behind them and it didnt skip a beat, nor lose any ground on Stryker. He has had some modifications done to the engine in that car, to keep up with us. I will make an assumption here but I believe he will have a Nitrous bottle as well!
Turn right here, Solomon! yelled a pumped up Bud. Stryker made the turn as hard and fast as the modified suspension could handle. Stryker put the car into the inside lane and then backed off slightly allowing the Honda to catch up to their outside. The Honda then matched their speed. Stryker said, Keep looking straight. Do not look at them. I will take care of them, should they prove to be dangerous. The traveled like this for about a mile, when Stryker saw the drivers side windows go down and two Uzis stuck out the windows! Get down! yelled Stryker. That is when the Uzis started firing. They could hear the pinging of the bullets on the body of the car as well as the sound of the bullets hitting the bulletproof glass.
Candace started screaming! Bud was yelling. Finally, Stryker told them to hold on. Stryker lifted up the trigger guard on gearshift, up shifted into fifth gear and pulled the Nitrous trigger. Flames shot out of the tail pipes as the Nitrous flowed through the fuel lines and into the combustion chambers of the cylinders. The Camaro rocketed forward. The Honda must have pulled their Nitrous as well because they came screaming up beside the Camaro. Both cars had reached ninety miles per hour. This was getting very dangerous, even if it was a low traffic road. Stryker made his decision! Though they were safe, he had had enough! He watched the light pole coming up on his right and just before they reached it, Stryker swerved the Camaro to the right, smashing into the side of the Honda. The driver of the Honda had no chance to react. The Honda rammed the light pole, dead center of the car. Two bodies came through the windshield of the Honda, both slamming head first into a building across the street.
Stryker locked up the brakes and turned the car one hundred eighty degrees. He pulled up close to the Honda. As Stryker was getting out, he hit the lock button and said, Stay put! Stryker had his pistol out and pointing at the car. There was no need to worry about the two who hit the building. They were closed casket nominees! Stryker walked up to the car and saw where both air bags had deflated. The driver was impaled against the inside roof of the car by the steering column. Stryker came around the car. A rear passenger was in an awkward position with his head lying to the side. He was still alert, but his breath was ragged. Stryker could hear the sirens in the distance. He had to talk to the passenger while there was still life in his body. Can you still talk? Stryker asked.  The passenger swallowed twice, trying to clear his throat of the blood that was pooling in his mouth. Yeah, he said. Why did you do this? asked Stryker. The boy made another couple of swallows and more breathing that is ragged. Mana man gave us money to kill you. Gave us ten thousand dollars, he said gasping for breath now. Do you know the man, Stryker asked quickly, knowing the passenger did not have much longer. Saidsaid call him ghost. that was the last words the young man would ever speak. He finally drowned on his own blood.
Later, General Stilwell was standing next to Stryker. The Ghost was or is here in Chicago. You need to get Candace and Bud to Tennessee. This is bad, real bad! said a dismayed General. Homeland Security and the FBI were assisting the local police in the investigation. It did not take a rocket scientist to see all the bullet marks on the Camaro and the scrape on it where it had hit the Honda. The authorities cleared Stryker, Candace, and Bud from any responsibility. The police wanted to do a more thorough investigation of the Camaro, when General Stilwell stepped up and told them that that would not be possible. He stated that the car ranked as classified and was not available for investigation. They were welcome to take the pictures they needed on the outside, but nothing more.
What do you want to do, Stryker? asked the General.  Stryker looked at a very weary Candace and Bud, I think we will go home and get some sleep that is what we will do! Stryker smiled at the General. Candace walked over to Stryker and held him tight. Do we have a gang after us? asked Candace. No. I do not believe that is the case. What we have is four punk gang members who were offered a large sum to kill me and they paid with their lives. What the kid said to me will not be in the papers. Only those who need to know about the wreck know what the dying kid said. Locals do not and will not ever know. Lets go get some sleep. Commandos will be all around us and will be heavily present at your home so we can sleep in peace. Sol said.
Later, after all had showers, everyone was heading to bed. Bud was already snoring softly. Sol, said Candace. Stryker looked at her. I need you to hold me while we sleep. Please. I would like that, too, answered Stryker. They both slept in each others arms for eight straight hours, and then later on, they went to bed holding each other again. Candace smiled as she went to sleep knowing that this could be habit forming and hoped that habit would never end!

Chapter 54
The Security Center at Stryker Security and Investigative Services had been an extremely busy place for quite a while. The overlapping twelve-hour services were starting to wear on everyone, though they would never vocally complain. The investigative side was secretive and tight lipped about the project they had been working on. If anyone asked Josh or Jeanie about it, the individual was told to worry only about their assigned work! The hunt for the mole had taken an unexpected turn. The large transfer of money they were looking for was located. The sums were quite substantial and came at critical times, matching when the information had been leaked. Josh had been in complete control of Stryker Security and Investigative Services while Stryker was in Chicago. Being the Commanding Officer over everything was, at time, a hair-pulling event. Josh looked at Jeanie.
Jeanie was staring at a paper in front of her. She just kept shaking he head. Josh finally spoke, Jeanie, we cant change the facts weve uncovered. They are blatant and speak for themselves. We found what we were looking for. We found the leak. I am not going to convict anyone before I talk to them face to face and see their reactions, and hear their explanations as to where the money came from! explained Jeanie. Well, we need to get all the leg work started and get some explanations before Mr. Stryker returns so we can give him a full report. Josh recommended. I agree. Ill make the call and have Sally come in, replied Jeanie. Jeanie called Sally Lewis number five times. There was no answer. Jeanie tried calling Sallys Stryker phone without any luck there either.  Jeanie said, Josh, we need to place a tracker on Sallys private and Stryker phone now! For her not to answer is not like her!
Josh left the room. A few minutes later, he came back and said, Both phones show up at Sallys home. I have Security en route to her house. This just doesnt feel right. A few minutes later Joshs phone rang. As Jeanie watched him talk, she saw Josh turn white and fall into a seat. Have the scene secured. No one goes in again, no police, forensics, or anyone else until Mr. Stryker arrives. If someone tries to pull rank, inform them that this is a matter of national security. You call in all of the security personnel, fully armed, that you need. No one else goes in that house! Am I clear? Good. Ill be there shortly. with that, Josh hung up.
Jeanie looked at Josh. Josh was still trying to compose himself. Josh was still pale.  Whats the matter, Josh? asked a frightened Jeanie. Our Security Personnel found the door open. After inspecting the house, they went in to the garage and found Sally hanging from the trusses. No way to know how long she had been hanging there, but they said she was cold to the touch. Nothing indicated a fight or struggle. It just appears she hung herself. Josh could not meet Jeanies eyes. Jeanie got up and looked at a painting that she had seen a million times before. Lets go. We need to make sure the scene stays secure until Mr. Stryker can get there. We need to call General Stilwells office for help on this. Do you want to call Mr. Stryker or want me to do it? asked Jeanie. Josh sighed, Its my job, even though its going to be the hardest call that Ive ever made! Josh and Jeanie started towards the elevator. Josh pulled out his Stryker phone and hit the speed dial that said, Stryker.

Chapter 55
Candace saw Sol hang his head while he was on the phone. She could hear him muttering words, instead of the crisp, sharp annunciation she normally heard from him. He hung up and then made a couple of more calls. When he finally lay his phone down next to him, he bent over and held his head in his hands rubbing his temples.
What is it, Sol. What has happened, Candace asked as she sat down next to him and wrapping her arm around his. Stryker was a long time in waiting before he spoke, and when he did, it was more in the form of a whisper, barely audible. My third shift Commanding Officer has been found hung in her garage. Oh my god, Sol, that must be devastating to you! I did not know her, but that has to be shocking news to you! Candace said, trying to comfort him. It is more than shocking, it is heart breaking. She was a close friend as well. Candace, I have to go back. The scene is secured, no one allowed in until I get there. Stryker explained. What do you want me to do? asked Candace. Bud said he was going to put the house on the market and place it in a brokers hand to sell. He said he was going to move to Clarksville to get away from Chicago. I told him he could stay with me as long as he wanted. What I want you to do and what you should do, is up to you. Stryker replied.
I know I have to go through depositions, but I can fly up here in the Learjet to do those cant I. Candace inquired. You do not even have to ask that question. You know you can and I will be there with you as well. Stryker responded. The only thing I want to do is go to a reunion my friends have planned and then I will come home, replied Candace. When is the reunion? asked Stryker. Friday and once it is over, I will come home on Saturday, explained Candace That will be only three days. Jake has someone driving up to pick up your car with his rollback wrecker. He will be here Friday. Stryker Commandos will drive and escort you until you fly back. James Bond had his Q to build his all of his special weapons, cars and gadgets, but I have Jake! Stryker said while smiling through his pain. Hey, I guess that makes me like a Bond girl! said a happy Candace. You wish. You have not graduated from the female Inspector Gadget yet! Stryker laughed. Do you feel a little bit better now? asked Candace. You are just what the doctor ordered and I should know, because I am the doctor! What I cannot wait for is when I get to play doctor! Stryker said with his eyebrows going up and down. Candace punched his arm and mouthed wow damn did it again!
The Commandos will even be with you when you go to your reunion. They will be in plain clothes to keep a low profile. I have all female Commandos to stay with you inside your home, while male and female Commandos will be surrounding your house at all times. I am not going to take a chance of someone trying to hurt you while I am not here to protect you!
Stryker got his luggage together. He then helped Bud load his luggage into the trunk as well as his own. Candace kissed her father and told him she would see him in a few days. She walked up to Stryker. He pulled her into his arms and held her tight. He then looked into her eyes and then kissed her. I will be counting the hours, my love! and then got in the car as his Commandos drove them to the airport. Candace stood there with her mouth hanging wide open. He called me My love!

Chapter 56
Stryker walked passed his Commandos as well as the soldiers that Captain Everton placed to guard the scene. General Stilwell, Josh, and Alan Cobb, the Medical Examiner for Montgomery County, Tennessee as well as Montgomery County Sheriff, Joshua Landry, were already at the house.
Stryker put on the surgical shoe covers as well as latex gloves. As much death as he had seen in his career, this was something he was not looking forward to. This was Sally, a great Commanding Officer as well a long time friend. He finally looked up and saw Sally hanging from her neck. Stryker felt a stab of pain to his heart. Damn Sally, we had talked about the problem! Why did you have to do this?  Stryker steeled himself. Professionalism is what he needed now. He owed it to Sally to find out what had happened. The first thing Stryker noticed was the rope. She used a regular hangmans noose! A hangmans noose is designed for a long fall, allowing an instant break of the neck. Sally appeared to have tied the rope up high and then kicked out a chair from under her feet, causing a slow, excruciating strangling death. Why did she do all the overkill with the noose?
Stryker looked all around the garage for any other clues, coming up empty. Sallys bladder and bowels had released when her body relaxed in death, but that was not what was rotten smelling far as Strykers was concerned. This looked like someone had staged the scene! Josh walked up to Stryker and said, Sir, you will want to read this. Josh handed Stryker a piece of paper in clear plastic protective cover. Its her suicide note, sir. It is addressed to you. Sallys had printed her suicide note on a regular printer and computer program. Why not write it by hand! Her signature was not present, rather printed at the bottom of the note. The suicide note read, Dear Mr. Stryker. I am sorry for the problems I have caused you. I needed money and found someone who wanted to buy any classified information I could give him. Please forgive me for betraying you. Sally. Stryker held the note for a long time. He looked for a computer and printer. He did not see one. He walked back into the house.
Sally had a small office set up in the house. That is where Stryker found Sallys laptop and printer. A slight move of the mouse caused the laptops screen to light up. The suicide note still shown on the screen! Stryker knew this was all wrong! Nothing he had seen so far fit a suicide! Stryker asked Josh, Did Sally buy anything; a car, a house, have gambling debts or anything else you could find? No sir, and now that you mention it, it does seem odd. She shows getting the lump sums of cash, and moving the same sums to an offshore account the same day, but it was never spent or used! replied Josh.
Stryker, having a doctorate in forensic science knew it was time to let Sallys body talk to him. Stryker walked up to Alan Cobb and asked, Do you have everything you need before we move the body? Yes, Dr. Stryker. We can take her down now and move the body to the morgue. Alan replied. Then lets do it. We need to do an autopsy on her as soon as possible, said Stryker.
Stryker made sure all of the pertinent evidence was gathered. He saw the bags and ensured they were tagged properly. Stryker walked up to Josh and asked, Have you notified her family yet? No sir. I was waiting for your orders, replied Josh. Hold off on the notification until we perform the autopsy. Only you and Jeanie are to be aware of what has transpired. Stryker looked at all the officials that were present. Until you hear from me, this is to stay under wraps! Understood? All agreed.
An hour later, Stryker was at the morgue. He and Alan were looking at Sallys body lying on the stainless steel table. She was in her mid thirties and from what Stryker could see; she kept herself in great physical condition. Why would someone who was suicidal, maintain her body is such a way? Alan started recording the autopsy process, following standard protocols. The lower part of Sallys body was dark colored, almost looking bruised. It was where the blood had settled once her heart had quit pumping. X-rays did not reveal any anomalies. Her neck had not been broken, either. Stryker moved over to look at Sallys neck and the bruising on it. He saw multiple scratches on the skin around the rope mark, indicating Sally had fought to loosen the rope so she could breathe. Alan took some skin samples as well as blood for a drug screen. Alan was about to begin to make his Y incision when Stryker stopped him. Stryker picked up protective glasses for both he and Alan, then turned on a hand held infrared lamp and started moving it around the rope mark on Sallys neck. He stopped, looking straight down at her neck. He called Alan over.
Tell me what you see? asked Stryker. Alan took the infrared lamp from him and went around Sallys neck. He stopped where Stryker had stopped. It was clearly there; a partial outline of a thumb bruise was visible. To the left of it was the tip of the other thumb bruise. Stryker started to pull off his gown and looked at Alan. This was no suicide. Continue your autopsy, but I am willing to wager that you will find more hand bruising that shows under the skin. She was choked unconscious, hung, and came to as she started to strangle. Sally Lewis was murdered! Alan agreed. Stryker got Josh, General Stilwell, and Sheriff Landry on a conference call. He informed them of the findings and that Sally was murdered. He requested that they keep that information under wraps. Stryker ended the call and then called General Stilwell back. I know who the informant is, General. I will see you at the base.

Chapter 57
Now tell me how you staged her death again? asked the angry voice on the other end of the line. I staged it just like you said; make it appear as a suicide by hanging! There are no prints other than hers, in the house. The suicide note is just as you ordered. I followed the wording on the note just as you instructed, said the killer. There was a long silence on the phone. How did you force her to write the note? What incentive or pain did you inflict to make her write it? asked the voice. She refused to write it. I put a gun to her head. A knife to her throat; threatened to splash acid in her face and even threatened to kill her family. She would not write it, replied the killer. So would you explain to me how they found a suicide note? the killer could tell this call was going south very quick.  I put on gloves, typed it on her laptop, and printed it off. After she was dead, I took her hands and put hand prints all over the note, explained the killer.
You did what? You typed a suicide note! She never physically signed it! Of course she didnt, you moron! You killed her before she could. You typed her name, didnt you! screamed the voice. Hell, if she wouldnt write it, she damned sure wasnt going to sign the fucking thing! yelled the killer. The voice was breathing hard on the other end. The killer could tell by the sound of the breathing and noises the voice was making, the killer could tell the person he was speaking to was seething with anger!
Did you do any god damned thing the way we planned, or did you just improvise everything the way you wanted to do it? I have killed many times and I have never fucked up in any of them. You fucking novice. If I had not stood out like a beacon, I would have done the kill myself! I am paying you $1,000,000 for information, and the kill, and you completely made this look suspicious, not just an easy suicide! I hate to ask this, but tell me, did you choke her out with the rope, before you did the hanging? the voice asked with a disgusted tone. She started to put up a violent struggle and I couldnt get the rope over her head, so I had to use my hands to choke her unconscious, before I did the hanging. The killer explained. You are one, completely stupid, moronic, mother fucker!  Do you know that hand bruises appear on both sides of the skin?
Now tell me, how does a person, who is going to commit suicide, take their hands and try to choke their own selves out? Do you know how? They dont! All I can tell you is; you had better start running. If they do not find you first, I will! When I find you, I will show how to torture someone to make them do what you want! You could have been standing ten feet away, and heard the screaming coming over the receiver of the phone! Just as the killer was about to respond, he suddenly felt the muzzle of a gun pressed against his forehead. He looked into the eyes of death! Solomon Stryker put his finger to his lips, cautioning Sergeant Scott Alley to be very quiet. Scott Alleys bladder took that moment to empty! Stryker took the phone from Scotts hand.
Stryker could hear the voice on the other end still screaming obscenities. Stryker patiently waited for the voice to stop ranting. During that time, General Stilwell and a group of M.P.s took Scott Alley away in hand cuffs. The voice finally stopped ranting and there was a moment of silence. What have you got to say for yourself? Now they will be looking even deeper into this and you had better not leave anything that points back to me! And what evidence would that be? asked Stryker. Dead silence was what Stryker heard. Whats the matter, did you scream yourself mute? Did you really think I could not figure out that Sally was murdered? You used a hangmans noose, really! Oh, come on, surely, you did not tell Alley to use a hangmans noose unless you are partial to westerns! You killed a wonderful person. A person that was dear to my heart. Did you really think you would get away with it? Do you really think that little of my abilities? I knew it was murder the moment I saw her hanging there. The rest of the obvious clues just made it a slam-dunk murder case. Now what do you want to do? Alley is now in custody. He will talk; you can be assured of that! The question I have for you is; what will he tell us? What trails to you, will we find? Oh and in case, you think differently, I will find you. You made a grave mistake, which means you have made others. Bread crumbs, my friend, bread crumbs. growled a very icy, very controlled Stryker.
Stryker. the voice said. You may think you know who I am or how to find me, but that will not happen! I have already put into motion a war that will not only take you down, but will shake the security of America to its core! The thing is you wont know it until it hits you! laughed the voice. You seem to have felt confident in thinking I am one or two steps behind you. Nothing could be farther from the truth! You made a mistake thinking you could mislead me with Sally Lewis death. Sally was the one feeding me information on how she feared for her life. She was seeing Scott Alley, but I guess you already knew that. Lately she had seen changes in him, especially when she said she was going to report the large sums of money going through her account. My mistake was only miscalculating the timing. That will never happen again! Stryker was hitting him hard!
So we both made mistakes, but yours was costly, mine wasnt. Alley has never seen or met me. Your mistake cost you a life. Oh, I am steps ahead of you! I have the power to bring you and your organization down any time I please. See, no one has the power that I can wield. I am positioning myself as to be the one that the entire world turns to when trouble erupts. You are the proverbial fly that I will crush under my boot! laughed the voice. You just dont know how much you bore me with all your bragging. You told Scott Alley to run. Let me advise you of the same advice you gave him! Al Akbar is alive! He has been recruiting! He has had plastic surgery done to change his appearance. Too bad, you cannot replace a left eye or grow a new left arm. We already have pictures of his new face and are readying to destroy him and The Brotherhood! Oh, and I might as well tell you now; your warehouses where you store your munitions all over the world, well, they are being taken down as we speak. Your picture is now being sent across the airwaves on all the news channels worldwide, tonight. Interpol has your picture as well. Every airport, even if it is just a tiny airstrip are monitoring for you as we speak. All modes of transit know who you are and will be looking for you! One last thing, the President sends his regards!
Stryker heard a scream of anger from the person on the other end. You will never find me, Stryker! If I die; the secrets of your parents pasts will die with me! Stryker had lived without knowing his parents past for all these years, he would not allow it to be used as a threat now. I have learned to live for the present, not the past. So take it with you! Your world has just shrunk around you! Ill be seeing you real soon; Ghost! Just before Stryker hung up the phone, he heard the Ghost scream, Stryker I will kill you, and everything that you love!
Stryker knew that he needed to take that threat seriously. As he walked back to the base building where Scott Alley sat, Stryker got on the phone and told Josh, I want all of our people alerted to a serious threat against them as well as myself. This threat is real! Beef up security on all of my properties as well as our peoples families! Tell the Chicago detail to limit Candaces movement and stay so close to her, she can feel their breath! Do it now! The threat can come from anywhere at any time. One last thing, Josh, Call Jonathan and tell him I want him to kill that bastard as soon as he can get him in his sights! Jonathan will know to whom I am referring! I want the bastard dead and I want his body in front of me as proof! I dont care how he does it or who he has to take down to achieve it, I just want it done! Stryker growled. Yes sir. Consider it done! Josh said quickly, hung up, and started giving commands to all involved.
Josh got Andrew and said, Contact Jonathan now! Stryker Security and Investigative Service had just become a beehive of activity! As Stryker walked in the door, he felt the grief of Sallys death setting in. She would be missed by all, but it felt gratifying to have dominion over present and future events. The Ghost had done may have done his worst by ordering the death of Sally, but Stryker had done his homework!

Now it was Strykers Move!
