





The Noah Clan:
Dark Nephilim Seeds

David Pollitt








The Noah Clan:
Dark Nephilim Seeds

David Pollitt




Professional Book Publishing
The Noah Clan:
Dark Nephilim Seeds

Copyright  2013 by David Pollitt
All rights reserved. No portion of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means: electronic, mechanical, photocopy, recording, or any other, except for brief quotations in printed review, without the prior permission of the author.

 


Acknowledgements
 	I want to continue to acknowledge, my bride, Nancy, of 37 years. Nancy is such a blessing being such a giving and loving people-person and truly the love of my life. Hunter, my 23-year-old son is my best fan, some call him my clone, and in 2013 works for the FedEx Corporation. He has that perfect writers heart already writing and not following the pack. He makes his own decisions while not being afraid to spend time by himself without distractionstruly topnotch writer traits.     
	I also want to give credit to my parents when alive for all their encouragement for my writing adventures. My mother helped with her initial, rough-draft editing and gave me my love for writing and reading. My father was the quiet one who entertained himself with his active imagination. Like Father like son. Thats my habit. Thanks, Dad.
	Finally, I want to thank Shelly Castle for her wonderful cover artwork and for capturing my content. Her artwork drives my own creativity. 
.

Preface
		I also want readers to understand that I am not a theologian. I use biblical references and metaphors when possible but only to tell a story, not preach a doctrine. I have decided to write this series as my experiment in secular science fiction. Yes, I use certain biblical characters, but Im not speaking Bible, I am speaking characters. The Old Testament just gives me a little historical peek and a certain advantage of previously known characters. Let me know how you like this newest journey. As my books progress, I hope to write more secular science fiction, but I will not violate morals or ethics. In other words, my books will always be clean and decent. 
	I have to admit that in writing this book that it is impossible to write about Noah even the way I did without mentioning Yahweh, therefore I did. You cannot not separate Noah from Yahweh, no matter whether it was nonfiction or fiction. Just wont happen. No apologies. 
	       
Other Books By David Pollitt
Cleft of the Rock				    		2002
(A study on the 23rd Psalm)		
Talking the Talk of the New Covenant Species   	2004
With Fear and Trembling: Walking the     		2004
Walk of the New Covenant Species			2004
Hope For Gentle Old Men-Poetry	   		2004

New Christian Fiction
End-time Series: The Maranatha Chronicles
Part I: Irish: An Angels Journey		    	2011
Part II: Children of the Sanctuary 	    		2011
Part III: Armageddon Darkness	                       		2011
Part IV: Day of the Dragons				2013
Part V: Nephilim Wars			            		2011

Other Nonfiction
Better Organizational Training & Communication 	2009     
Preparing Excellence for the Excellent	           		2011                       

Forthcoming
The Nephilim Chronicles
     	The Noah Clan: Dark Nephilim Seeds
	The Shadow Seekers
	Dark Heavens Bright Suns
Floaters
Time Assassins
Improving Learning & Performance with Teams 
Assessments for Students and Corporate Performance										                                                                                                     
In my fathers house are many (worlds) dimensions. If it were not so, I would have told you so John 15

Green Tails
The Blue Eli commander orb opened into a world full of strange looking creatures that were more reptilian than humanoid. Thousand more orbs full of Eli soldiers followed in short order. This was the result of reaching too far away from the Blue Eli home world. The reptilians, nicknamed the Green Tails, at first ran for cover until they realized that the Eli were here to completely destroy them. From that point on, they fought back with exotic weapons produced from their own toxic plant life and their own internal poisonous venom. They were able to stand and fight on their back legs when needed, then they would charge the Blue Eli front line and suffer terrible losses, but soon after, they would grow new legs, arms, even new tails, then try again. 
Soon, they were reduced to only female Green Tails and small hatchlings from their nurseries. All were destroyed and not a one was left alive. After the slaughter, the Eli harvested vast minerals from this far world that enabled them to generate energy and kept vast stores of different food stuffs, no matter how strange they seemed at the time. 
Normally, the Eli would bring some of the worlds women back for breeding purposes, but lately, the citizens of these far worlds were growing more-and-more less humanoid. It had been over a thousand years since they had encountered a humanoid world worthy of bringing their females back. It was now just a matter of hard assets, nothing more. 

Dark Worlds Crumbling Down
Lamel leaned over a schematic of his world while viewing what scientist already foretold, the destruction of his world. Tears ran down his face as he watched in grief as the rim and edges of his domain being pulled apart bit-by-bit by dark matter that invaded their realm only three years before. Within a week, the tearing sound they all heard woke them each night, and they knew it would soon be reaching their protected fortresses, fortresses designed to keep hordes of his enemies from destroying them for eons. 
The Eli were the most violent and ruthless of all the existing worlds. None stood against their savageness; no worlds stood against them; now nature itself was wielding its deadly blow against everything he cared for. Lamel knew only one thing to do, run, escape. It was almost too late to even do that.
	His people were known as the Blue Eli to all their enemies, mostly because their eyes had bright blue centers circled by a blue-silver ring that were illuminated and glowed even more brightly in the dark. They used special science to promote their size and girth. For years of selective genetics, their offspring finally reached an average of seven-feet. As they prepared for battle, their muscles were fortified with metal fused into their bones, then they were lowered into a solution of metal-tar that coated their flesh for the final hard-metal coatings. They were lowered inch at a time till their whole body, except for their heads, were prepared for battle.  The coating ritual was done without pain drugs, just a hope that they would pass out until it was all over. Warriors were not allowed to scream, or they would be discarded and thrown aside as unworthy. Unworthy candidates were left to live in shame. 
	The final step in their battle preparation was with a blue coating of armor that was poured on them, but the initial body coating prevented them from feeling anything. They looked more like blue iron manikins than humanoid. The coated blue iron clung to them till the battles were over, and only then could they have it removed. The pain of taking the armor off was worse than putting it on. The stripping gate melted it off while they were suspended in the gate ring until the armor that covered was stripped off, then they were allowed to scream. It was peeled off strip for strip that took skin and left vivid scaring that was referred to in the greatest warriors as the battle scaring. It was a prideful and arrogant sign of a warriors great surrender to the battle code of the Blue Eli. The warrior helmets were cast in blue metal that wrapped around their faces leaving only the eyes, mouth, and ears visible. The eyes were carefully covered in tinted diamond-faceted glass pieces that reflected the light and all the colors of everything around them. It gave them abnormally accurate vision that could focus on an enemy over a hundred feet away without need of magnified sights.
	Their favorite tools of war were like old battle axes that were mounted on six foot poles of steel and glass with three-foot axe heads on both ends of the poles. They also wielded large finely hone swords on their backs in a cross-placed way. They wielded both in a style that showed nothing except expert training and precision. Their favorite battles were close up one-on-one. In recent times, they had developed high-tech weapons that they carried to fend off enemies from afar before they could make close contact. Unfortunately, for their enemies, they had habits of skinning them alive and wearing their scalps on their belt loops. 
The Blue Eli had natural healing powers that made them heal even from the greatest wounds. It was this ability that frightened their enemies so much that they all thought the Eli were immortalalmost like gods. None were like the Blue Eli, none in all the worlds and universes.    
The world of the Blue Eli was more of a giant protective orb that was suspended by gravity machines located on the opposite poles of what might be referred to as a planet where no planet existed. Millions of doors or gates surrounded the highest walls of the Orb. These were the passages to other worlds. Every world could be seen from inside the giant blue orb of the Blue Eli. Thousands of worlds could be seen hanging in the skies around them with passage tunnels connecting them and making them look altogether like giant clear octopus tentacle arms. 
	Hundreds of thousands of other worlds had been conquered, but there was never assimilation of its citizens, only assimilation of its assets, whether by nature or made; everything was used. They took and grabbed at what everyone else had without regrets. There were the powerful marauders of all dimensional worlds. The Blue Eli never left anyone alive while they moved into other worlds to conquer, kill, rob, and rape the benefits of each except the humanoid women. 

Final Meeting 
	Lamel gathered his two sons in a private meeting after one of the closest tears appeared only 15 miles from their protective walls. 
There is no use telling you that this is not the end of our domain as we know it. We have battled with a vengeance against all our enemies. We have ruled and dominated all, and even conquered others with our wars, our power and strength; now, we will be no more soon. We have not been able to locate suitable dwelling places in any of the other worlds at this time. We are stuck.
	What is the answer? asked Samlazaz, his oldest son, Captain of his Blue Eli armies. Never had they seen their father so defeated, so remorseful. Samlazaz stood almost towering above his father, with a closely cropped blonde hair set against his straight muscled jaw line. His physic was impressive and imposing, which touted strained muscles forged from years of battle. He stood like a piece of finely hone granite, a perfect Blue Eli specimen, and all those around him respected it, and some even feared him. 
	Run!
	Where? The dark matter is tearing our domain apart at the seams. Nothing can withstand this. Nothing! answered his youngest son, Araklba, his second son, who was considered to be the guardian of secrets. 
It was Araklba, who predicted this very same result years ago but was ignored. Araklba looked to be Samlazazs opposite, with height and girth almost equal, but a soft, gentle look in his face with dark black hair that was not really a Blue Eli trait. Araklba had natural tan looks, not like Samlazaz and others. His dark eyes betrayed the Eli blues and were marked by black penetrating pupils that flared wide and large the more excited he became. If it were not for his fathers position, others would have eliminated him long ago. 
Lamel thought that his mothers looks were coming through too much, too much pretty, too much his mother. His mother was a captured victim of an Eli conquest brought to Lamel just to bare his children. Lamel sometimes regretted the infusion of his wifes race. It was almost a pollution of his kind. Araklba made up for his looks with the superior mind and understanding of circumstance and foresight. That was Araklbas duty and mission: foreteller of good and bad, but absolutely accurate in every detailprotector of the secrets. He became a great warrior, but he was counted on to shed light in a clear and precise way on all he observed. He was almost a seer from his influence, and he became Lamels closest confident. 
	There is one place, Lamel answered.
	Then, lets go, Samlazaz answered sweeping his arms to signify that everyone should go too. 
	The water sanctuary, the earth-world, answered Lamel, then shuddered in fear, but his sons did not understand why.
	You dont mean that place of oceans along with myriad of wastelands and ignorance: the one filled with the entity with no name? asked Araklba.
	Yes, that one, answered Lamel, thinking seriously that suicide might be preferable over being under this entitys great powers. 
	We could conquer them. We could rule there too, spoke Samlazaz as he brought his hand down violently on the table before him while glasses and vases shattered. 
	No, we cant. This entity rules there, and no matter what you think we have to start over. We need to build a people within their peoples to survive for a better time.
	Are you saying that we have to be assimilated into their culture to live? You always said that they only live short lives, and we live thousands. How will we ever manage that? Our lineage will be so polluted that we will lose ourselves in the doing, commented Araklba. His frankness with Lamel was always bold and clearly stated. 
	Then, dont lose yourselves. Manage your friends and kill your enemies. Do what we know how to do best: rule and control them, but dont let them ruin our blood lines. Thousands of years from now, rule and rule hard in the right places and at right times.
	What about this entity? 
	He is a creation who does not favor mixing either. He will try to destroy you before you do too much damage. Do not confront him. I have never known of any who were able to withstand his hand when he raises it. I have only heard the stories of others. He is a vast and far-reaching as any entity that Ive ever heard about. It seemed from the stories that he has the stars in his hand and the universes under the palm of his protection. I was just visiting this place to see if it made good sense to invade it. I was very young when I did, but I still remember. I did what I have never ever done before, ran away as far from him as I could. I truly believe he was in the beginning of all universes, the very beginning and knows it.
	Who else should we fear? Who else are our enemies? asked Samlazaz while clenching his fist as if he was already preparing for a fight, for war, no matter where they went. 
	There is one who fears the entity and fights against him. Do not join him. It is Apollyon, the master of the dark regions. He has millions of his dark-winged soldiers at his fingertips. If you ever get a chance to kill his kind, do so. Some say they cant be killed because they were created by the great anti-matter, but others doubt that. Some say that the entity created them, then they turned against them to rule but lost. Dont let a one live if possible, but do it undercover, avoid the light. I would not be surprised if his dark winged-ones were not already mingling with these peoples.
	We are the masters of the dark regions! proclaimed Samlazaz.
	Not there. Remember, never let anyone know who and what you are and where you came from until the time is right. You will know when that time is.
	Who goes?
	You and Araklba, then eighteen more. No one else. No women. I need you to mix with the seeds of this place and control the offspring. Pick your people wisely, the smartest and the greatest warriors. You leave in the morning.
	Why cant we just take all our armies and make the best of it? asked Samlazaz again. 
	Araklba rolled his eyes in dismay when Samlazaz wasnt looking. Lamel almost chuckled from the implication. Araklba knew Samlazaz understood the score when it came to orb transport and numbers. 
	You know the answer to that. Our transfer orbs only have enough room for small entries into their domain. The portals have already shrunk so much that there is only a little more than a three-foot clearance around the passage ways. The large army orbs wont fit only scouting orbs. I was only hoping to find a way to escape to a suitable world that we had not destroyed or ravished. Its too late to do anything else. Also, Im staying. Ill continue to try to find a suitable world portal that we can use to escape from this place. If I can, I will keep trying to let you know. Keep your ears tuned. I am certain if this entity notices you and that youre purposely mingling with his people that he would be willing to destroy his entire domain in order to kill you, then he would just start over again. 
	What weapons shall we take?
	They are a crude and very superstitious people. Take your battle axes and swords, nothing else. Never let your enemies rule over you. Remain merciless as always with those who come against you and stay with our fighting ways. Still, hand down our dark arts and knowledge to these people a step at a time. Be patient. Just a thought: it will not be hard to tell you are different from them. They are a very small people; you are not. You stand like giants next to them. Be wise and live. Oh, one good thing, the women of this world are fair to look at. You will be surprised and pleased by them, even more than any of any domain we have ever entered.
	The next morning, his sons gathered divided among four orbs that were almost the same size of the shrinking portal. His men were the strongest and most seasoned of all Samlazazs warriors. These were the professional seasoned soldiers who had stayed in the military longer than any Eli. They had fought beside Samlazaz in every war for the last five thousand years. They looked at each other and refused to look at their families gathered on the rim of the transfer site. The warriors stood flint-faced as they had many times before while preparing for transfer. 
Just before they received their orders early that morning, they were given new clothing. Some were shocked at the attire while thinking they had been given drapes to wear rather than their battle armor. How can a warrior wear womens clothes in battle? Werent robes and drab wraps more for women than men? They still didnt understand what was really going to happen. They were only told prepare to blend and take advantage of what had been called the ignorant people.
	Samlazaz commented the feelings of his men, Why am I wearing these things on my feet and what are they?
	Sandals, answered his brother, laughing at his repulsion.
	I want my war boots on with the wraps to my knees. How can anyone wear these stupid things? asked Samlazaz again.
	Father said that this world is very backward and is about as basic in science to the point of having none, including these kinds of clothes. We have to blend. Maybe we can make changes after awhile. First things first.
	Samlazaz spouted back with agreement from his men as they entered their transfer orbs, That doesnt mean I have to like it! 
	The orbs passed through the connecting tunnels, then as the last orb passed through the portal, it squeaked and rubbed abrasively on the orb while sending the Eli into head spins. There was now no more room for any orbs to pass through; that was the last. 
	As the orbs opened on the earth world, they looked like translucent balls of light that bounced upon entry, then settled in the arid desert sand in a world that was more alien than any that they had ever seen. They eased their way onto the ground one at a time, then as soon as the last one was out, the orbs disappeared. There was a sense of helplessness with the groups. All they saw were dry red dirt and hills with no one around. A dust storm formed up around them, then went away as fast as it came. 
	Each of the men threw their battle axes across their shoulders while pulling out their swords. The battle axes stuck out from both sides of their backs by at least two feet, but the swords were a blazing light of reflection from their own metals. Metals not found on the earth world. The edges were so finely sharpened that they caused a singing vibration. For the enemies of the Eli that sound made them call them the death swords. It was the sound of their deaths and the sound of their destruction.
	Samlazaz commanded his men, We are to blend in and find a place to live until my father gets in touch with us. We are to remain here and mingle. We are the last of the Blue Eli. We will eventually rule this place. Dont forget that!
	His men shouted together, Rule and conquer! Rule and conquer! Rule and conquer!
	It was not long after walking for half a day that his men noticed an old donkey trail. The cart wheel ruts in the road let them know that there were people nearby. They could hear the sounds of people in the far distance and smelled cooking. 
	Araklba said, What I wouldnt give to be wearing our war helmets. At least, then, we could see farther than we do now. I think I smell fireplaces and food cooking.
	Samlazaz commented, Set up in protective groups of three, and lets pretend that we are in hostile territory. I dont know about these people. I want each group to stay tight and keep a look out. I am sure this world is not unlike any other world that there are scoundrels, thieves, and robbers waiting for unsuspecting visitors. Keep a keen eye out.
	His men separated into their groups while keeping an eye out. They were entering a long canyon with high bluffs on both sides of them: perfect for a bush whack of some kind. They moved cautiously with their hands on their sword handles. 
Apollyons Dark Ones
	Apollyon watched Dar Raven while he stood quietly in front him as he sat on a marble throne on his granite island floating high above hells domain. Around the island, he could watch in panoramic view all of hell, the fires, the torture, including the demons and the evil spirits coming going; everything was within his view. He could also see everything on earth as needed. 
He was proud of Dar Raven. Dar Raven was the commander of all the dark legions. He stood with his skeletor form with his dark wings wrapped around him and the hairless head giving all the appearances of a living skeleton. His body was forged with hard muscles and a myriad of battle scars from hells own infighting for position and rank. He could heal if he wanted to but chose to keep his scars as a testament of his victories. He  earned this commanders position, every bit of it, and Apollyon knew it. Dar Raven deserved to rule with him. His recent assignment was to generate a new species of mankind by mingling his dark-winged ones with humans. He had done well for the last 30 years producing what many called the men of renown and some referred to as the Nephilims while others referred to them as the Tribe of Anakims. 	
Dar Raven, have our men done well with the mingling?
	Yes, we are now into our third generation. The children from our realm have created some of the greatest warriors of old.  There is a problem with the oldest. Their eyes turn to bright-red star eyes on their 25th birthday. Its caused a lot of superstitious attacks on our children.
	Apollyon yelled at Dar Raven, Kill them. Gather your men and exact ten times the pain as they have on us. Kill them! We are the men of renown are we not?
	By your orders, Master, answered Dar Raven as he extended his dark wings to a full spread and went to gather his men for an attack on a local village.
	As Apollyon rose from his throne that floated above hells bright crimson, he sensed something and commented to himself, Something is happening or going to happen. Some change is going to take place.
	He sent a mind message to Dar Raven, Keep an eye out for anything unusual, anything out of place. 

Children of Renown
	Marcibi, come here and help us with the cattle feeding. Why do you always practice fighting? Isnt there anything else in the world to you but fighting?
	Mother, we are not here to feed cattle; we are here to prepare for war. Just because most of us do not have fathers doesnt mean that we are to be used like slaves to do womens work.
	The Anakims have fathers, but not like other tribes. They come and bring us great teaching and knowledge, then leave. They are the most powerful of all men. You should be proud to be their children. Now, take some time and feed the cattle.
	In this village, mother, there are no fathers; just all of their children. When will we see our fathers?
	There are times that are special, and they will return. They come to us women every six months at the same time. They will be back very soon. Your little brother was only born six months ago. Their children do not take as long to birth as others.
	I have heard that some of us have strange eyes. What caused that?
	It is like the mark of your fathers. It is the mark that we belong to them and their kind, answered his mother carefully so as not to sound fearful. 
	I have seen the mark on them. It is very fearful, and I like it. I wish I had those eyes now. We are already bigger than those of the Noah Clan. We could conquer them all right now.
	When the time is right, we will conqueror them. In the mean time, you will feed the cattle and wait.
	I heard that some dark ones killed some of the villagers for making fun of our eyes. Mom, they said they had large black wings like a vulture. No one is making fun of us anymore. I wish I had wings. I would help them pay them back too. Id rather do that than feed the cattle.
	You are already sounding too much like your father. I believe you need to calm down and get to your chores. Let the dark ones handle their own business.
	The dark ones seemed to really like us. Mom, tell me the truth. Was my father a dark one?
	His mother turned ashen-faced with the question. She didnt want to answer it. She didnt welcome his fathers return, no matter how much money and goods he brought. She found him to be cruel and abusive; and she was glad when he left. She was just a breeding source of his Nephilim children. When her other children were 15, they were taken to large camps where the dark ones trained them in war and killing; and she never saw them again unless they needed medical help or were dying. It was just part of life for her village; something they never talked ill of. No one was that brave. 
	Your father is a brave soldier. I dont know if he would like it if you called him one of the dark ones, whether he is one or not.
	Marcibi looked puzzled, then started to read between the lines, Okay, I wont call him that, but you must promise to let me meet him when he comes.
	Marcibi, he really doesnt like children that much unless they are at the training camps. You will go with your other brothers and sisters to your Aunts when he comes and not come home until he leaves. Do you understand?
	That doesnt sound right, Mom! he exclaimed.
	He is a soldier! If you bother him too much, he will kill you! Now, go feed the cattle! When he comes, he likes plenty of red meat. Do what I say! she shouted while trying to scare him into shutting up. 
She realized just how terrible this all sounded and regretted the day she ever met this man, this dark one, this soldier, this evil, this ancient curse of Cain. She turned as Marcibi left and cried into her upheld arm across her face while leaning against the wall for support. Her sobbing could be heard all the way to the stable. Many in the villagers did the same while they waited for the dark ones to return. 

Modern Times
	Well, I guess its time to find a new adventure, right, sweetie? asked Gabriel.
	You know I have to finish my dissertation so Im going back to Cambridge to close the door and sweat till its done. What adventure do you have in mind next time? We just finished climbing all the Himalayas looking for that snowman. What crap is that?
	It wasnt crap. It could be true. We saw Yeti footprints and white hair in one place, he sported back. Oh, yeah, dont forget the Yeti scalp in that box at the Khumjung Monastery.
	We saw the last guides melted footprint and goat hair from a wolf attack. You just want any excuse to climb, you big dreamer, you.
	I think Ill go back to Cambridge with you. Dr. Gunnel is giving lectures on Old Testament fables again. I dont want to miss it. That old man has quite a mind for someone his age. He looks like he is a hundred and still spry as a young fox.
	Tyler put her arms around his neck and kissed him tenderly as an invitation as he kept talking while knowing it would only take him a second more to shut up and pay attention to her. 
	Oh, silly. Hes a lot older than that, dont you think? I love the Himalayas: the yak-and-buffalo transportation including the quaint if not rustic Kalka-Shimla railway all the way to India. I even love the people, the accents, and certainly got used to living in a tent freezing to death when not in a stone house. Everything is made of rock and stone, she replied almost sarcastically, then changed her tone as she moved closer to him, I loved it all, but I really love you, Gabriel.
	He turned to her affection and scooped her up in his arms cuddling into her, and she cuddled back. I love you too. Maybe I should just hang around with you as you finish that dissertation. I cant think of a thing Id rather do, even an adventure this time.
	You better think of something youd rather do and quickly, smarty!
	Of course, that. Very every bit that! he answered back as they fell back into the couch cushion with a full view of the snow covered mountains that they just spent two weeks tramping around after Gabriels last obsession. 
	Oh, I just thought Id like to mention that I dont like that professor. He has a sneaky smile like he knows something hes not telling. It pulls to the left slightly just before he shares another one of those undocumented secrets of his.
	Oh, really? Kind of like you, just the same, in the same place. Isnt that funny, strange, quite cute, rather.
	You better say cute. I just think the professor is a little creepy; thats all, she commented.
	Well, hes not creepy, just very, very old, answered Gabriel.
	Older than Methuselah? she answered matter-of-factly before grabbing Gabriel for another passionate kiss.
	When morning came, they made their way to the train station to go to the border. It was Gabriels passion, trains, he always said that he could take the best naps listening to the click-click, click-click. 
	In spite of Gabriels climbing and adventuresome obsessions, he was considered one of the foremost archeology pioneers of the century, even though being one of the youngest. His writings on ancient artifacts and history made him renown to everyone. 
He stood almost six-two with Swedish-blonde, shaggy hair that draped over his shoulders unless he had it tied in a pony tail. He was an avid snowboarder and skier attracted to cold climates, mountains, and mystery. If there was a chance that an unknown fable or fairy tale or folklore were true, he wanted to be there investigating, climbing, and checking it out.
	Tyler was his equal with her interest in ancient languages and peoples. She was one of those lanky women whose arms and legs looked too long for her body while she stood almost six foot herself. Made fun of as a kid, she learned young to take advantage of her size and turned into quite a scrapper. Her interest in so many dead and past languages made her a perfect match with Gabriel and the perfect climbing partner. They could talk about the past and do it while they drove pitons and ice screws into the ice while living in a tent on the side of some mountain. She looked for all purposes to be his ethnic opposite with dark black hair and natural dark Irish looks. She was ruddy faced with a marching band of snow freckles across her nose and onto her cheeks. When both of them were together, everyone noticed, everyone envied, man or women, and the highly educated sighed. 
	What was interesting about their relationship was that they never fought, never got angry, or lost their tempers with each other. At times, they admitted that many times they felt more like brother and sister than lovers and climbing partners. Of course, if it were a historical disagreement, they were allowed to fuss at each other with apposing views, but it was all with such fun, neither giving way, but they always agreed to disagree. 

Meeting the Professor
	Gabriel sneaked into the auditorium and eased himself down to the first row. It was hard to hear Professor Gunnel, who talked in mumbled whispers with side comments that no one else could hear unless they were close. It was almost comical the way the white-haired professor would comment on a historical fact, then mumble something like, If they only knew, and keep going. Gabriel always wanted to know what it was that the professor knew, but not even casual conversation with him after lectures helped much. 
The professors knowledge of ancient religions as they related to Old Testament figures and scriptures made history real and often exciting. It was almost as if the professor had actually been there. That element alone was enough for Gabriel to keep coming back. The professor commented many times that he knew things he wasnt telling; and when he mumbled like that, he did have that sneaky smile that pulled to the left just like Tyler said. 
Professor John Gunnel was a slight man standing only 5 10, who listed forward just slightly when he walked as if he was leaning on a cane or a large walking stick. He had a white mane of hair that went down past his shoulders. He just pulled it back from his crowfeet-threaded face and threw it back into a massive pony tail only when he lectured. Otherwise, his hair is fell haphazardly in all directions making it an almost Einstein exaggeration. Every once in a while, Gabriel swore the professor had got hold of some old L.A. Gel because his hair waved on its side around his ears. Gabriel laughed when he thought it made the professor look like he was moving faster, an illusion. Sometimes, Gabriel looked at him as he peered through his wire-rimmed glasses at his teaching notes and tried to imagine his heritage, but it didnt make sense. He looked very Hebrew with an accented nose and face that could easily have been capped by a Jewish yarmulke; but instead, he wore a large crucifix around his neck and sported a pin on his lapel that said, Jesus is Lord. It was a contradiction of looks that Gabriel had difficulty reconciling. Gabriel always wanted to ask the professor if those beautiful set of teeth were his own or bought somewhere. After all, wasnt that one of the first things to go? Well, more power to him, and it kept him looking good at whatever age; except, he was very, very old, and that was obvious.  
Gabriel never heard the professor say a word about his family except to say he came from a large extended family that lived all over the world. He also mentioned that his family was full of senators, congressman, heads of state, and even priests who lived from the United States across Europe and into the Middle East. Gabriel once googled the professor and found little reflecting any mention of importance of him except for his literary writings and articles. It seemed that the professor had obtained ten different PhDs in his lifetime. Gabriel wondered how anyone had enough time and money to go that far, but he knew that the professor got upset when someone added the Doctor Gunnel designation. He always commented how he wanted to be just called Professor; that was enough. That was a very humble signature, and Gabriel admired that modesty. 
The professor was even further old fashioned because he drove an Edsel. That always got the looks. He had it refitted with a 462 cube Pontiac V8 engine and every part of the inside of the car was chromed: including the ash trays, shift knobs, and door handles, then an alligator steering wheel cover with two large fuzzy dice hung from his mirror: It was ugly but sparkled. Gabriel thought the professor was exotically living through his car.     
Gabriel stayed around the lecture hall while everyone was leaving just to say hi, to the professor. Well, professor, that was very enlightening. So do you really believe there were giants in those days that ate people and practiced sorcery?
	How would I know? Just rumor. Guess we will never know, will we? he commented quietly while walking away from Gabriel as if the conversation was over. 
	I just came back from the Himalayas, you know? replied Gabriel.
	The professor turned, nodded, and just said, Thats nice, then kept walking. 
	Tyler and I were trampling around looking for evidence of the Yeti. What do you think about that?
	The professor stopped dead in his tracks, turned, and looked Gabriel over as if he were examining a prize animal, then asked, Tyler? How is she? I havent seen her on campus in about six months. Isnt she writing her dissertation? She was always a good student. I cant imagine she is much interested in the Yeti, as you call him, but I can see she might be interested in something else. That would make sense, then did an understanding wink at Gabriel as he tried to walk away again. 
	How long have you known Tyler, Gabriel asked just to keep the conversation going.
	Oh, a little while. I know enough to know she thinks I have a sneaky smile, answered the professor smiling just like that again and walked off without another word.
	Gabriel asked himself, How could the professor know that about Tyler? 
	The professor kept walking leaving Gabriel shrugging in confusion, then remembered he was supposed to help Tyler edit her dissertation today. Gabriel made his way to their dorm apartment that Tyler arranged for her dissertation sabbatical; and just as he reached for the door handle, a young boy came up to him.
	Are you Gabriel? the boy asked.
	Yes, why? he responded.
	Package for you, Sir. Please sign here, Sir, the boy requested. 
	Package? How did anyone even know I was here? he replied.
	Dont know, Sir. Dont care, just sign he replied rudely.
	The package wasnt that heavy but was double wrapped, showing that whoever sent it wanted to make sure it didnt get damaged. Gabriel tucked it under his arm, then made his way in looking for Tyler.
	She was hammering out text on her computer with stacks of books and other stacks of printed dissertations from others who with similar subjects. She groaned and rubbed her eyes from staring at the screen for so long, then pushed a stack of papers aside in a frustrated move that told she had had enough.
	Hmmmm, had a tough day, girl? asked Gabriel while walking up to her and letting her face embrace him sideways as his free arm encircled her. 
	Just want it done. I know this stuff so well, just need to get it down on paper. I hate APA. You can edit later, right?
	As promised, Ill edit but forget getting resources sited right. Thats your problem, then kissed her forehead tenderly while accidently bumping her with the sharp edge of his package.
	Ouch, what is that? Oh, special present for you? How nice, she commented and took it, then started opening it up with a letter opener. 
	I dont know. Some kid brought it to me. Kind of a rude little kid, he answered. Why dont you tell me what its about and let me know. I have no secrets from you. 
	He fell back into an apartment recliner, pulled the extension handle, then pretended to snore and go to sleep. He laughed at his attempt of disinterest while she continued to get the package open.
	Suddenly, she stopped, sucked in a deep breath, then commented, Oh, oh, I dont like the feeling of this.
	Whats wrong? he asked with his head still laid back and eyes closed. He figured she would tell him without him having to lift even his little finger; cutting his grass now. 
	There is some very old Torah parchment, vellum, sheep and lamb skin that has writing in Old Hebrew, then another sheet that has a map on it.
	Well, youre the language girl, can you read it? he asked, then sat up staring at her carefully while she handled the parchment.
	Of course, yes, it says, Find me and find my book, go to and not from dont forget to duck, she replied. Gabriel finally got up in time to see her as she pointed to each word as she read them. 
She continued, It looks like it is written in Codex Sinaiticus. True Old Testament style probably using gall nuts, crushed and soaked, then I bet they mixed it with honey. Look, I wet my finger touch this letter, now taste it.
Interesting little sweet nutty taste. Youre the professional on this stuff. If you say, gall nuts, then gall nuts, which means its very, very old, right?
Right, and not a prank like you think it is, she commented winking at him for reading his mind. 
	What about the map? What is that about? he asked.
	Its a map of Mount Ararat. It has mountain sites where other expeditions have gone looking for Noahs ark, then there is something else here. There is a modern topical-areal map of the mountain that has several dark patches on it that are circled.
	Well, someone wants me to find them and a book at Mount Ararat? Who? he asked, not knowing whether he wanted to know or not.
	She shook her head slightly, not believing it, Noah, she replied quietly.
	Noah, who? I dont know any Noah. I havent even heard of a missing Noah either. Whats his last name?
	No last name, just Noah. Well, wait a minute, just under that there is an additional little phrase that I can barely see. It says, Noah, son of Lamech.
	This is stupid. Im not jotting around a mountain without knowing who and what Im looking for. This is some crackpot. Throw it away! he said in elevated voice as he started to head for his recliner again. 
	Gabriel, Lamech was father of Noah of Noahs Ark. Thats how they called people back then. You know that. Mr. Archeologist, she replied sarcastically. 
Okay, I did, but I still dont like chasing around after, what, Noahs burial crypt and some book. Then, next Im to hunt down Shem and Ham too? After all, Noah was supposed to be buried in four different places. One is West of Armenia, then in Cizre Turken, Najaf Iraq, and finally the last in Karak Nuh, Lebanon. What did they do put him in a blender and run around spreading his Noah shake just wherever? he declared. 
	Sure, the Yeti wasnt a wild goose chase, either, right? she spouted back in a gotcha tone. There is something else. There is a cashiers check for a million dollars made out directly to you. Gabriel, did you hear Oh my Lord, boy, get off the floor, you pansy.
	Gabriel struggled to his feet, then crawled into his chair this time. Tyler had a magnifying glass carefully examining the parchment. Gabriel, this parchment is the real stuff, but Ill get it carbon tested for you, anyway.
	Im supposed to look for Noah in an area that I believe from that map seems to be from others who looked for Noahs Ark. I am to be looking for the man himself, but why?
	Heck if I know. Do you want the million dollars or not?
	Are you crazy? Of course, I do. What in the heck do I do if I even find that old cote?
	Turn his body into the museum let them worry about that. Take the money, go to the mountain and whether you find him or not, come back, she commented flatly, but wanted to scream. She didnt like this but couldnt let on.
	Listen, I really need my privacy on this dissertation thing. You are a distraction, even if a loving one. Go ahead the take the money and let me alone for a week or two. The climb will do you good. You know how much you like it she answered as she put together the package, handed it back to him, then went back to her work. 
There was a little sigh from her, and she mumbled, Stupid old man. 
	 Stupid, who? asked Gabriel.
	Oh, nothing, just mumbling, my dissertation point person, old man, you know him? she answered without looking up. 
	I guess it wouldnt hurt to do a little more climbing this year. Well, I guess, I better go to the library to do a little research before I do anything else.	
	Tyler spoke quietly while entering data with her keyboard, Thats nice.	
	Lord, you sound like Professor Gunnel, now, the same way, thats nice, then turned to go.
	That wasnt nice, Gabriel. No one is like the professor.   
She couldnt put on that she knew anything about anyone right now but wanted to. If she asked him to walk away from the money and not go, it would cause more questions that she didnt want to have to answer right now. 
Her main question was, Not who, but why, and why right now?

Baraqijal (Bara)
	Bara stood quietly while looking at his deep-space screens with the usual boredom and terrible monotony of sound listening. He did as usual, nothing. His life was listening. Looking from his isolated star-gazing barracks, he listened, then when he was done with that; he listened even more. Every once in a while he had a tweak, a blip, a sound byte, but it was very routine, nothing. Today was not unlike any other day, except he saw and heard something. Within minutes, the screens were alight with a very welcome digital language, his home world. He was listening to and interpreting the language of the Blue Eli. 
	It was simple, Are you still there? We are? From Lamel.
	Bara spewed coffee all over his console, then in shock leaned back into his old swivel chair pushing so hard it flipped over backward sending him rolling into table legs and tangling him with connection cords and electrical parts. 
	What the heck! he yelled. He did not answer for some reason. He picked up the phone and called Samlazaz.
	After the call, he dimmed the screens and just quietly contemplated his next move. It was not too long after that the NASAs Deep Space Network called him to see if he had been getting the strange signal. He had to say Yes. They immediately notified him that they would send out more to help him in his work. 
	After a short realization that the cat was out of the bag, he laughed at what he felt was going to be long journey for NASA in trying to configure the message. He decided to just sit and wait. As long as Samlazaz knew, that was enough for him right now. He still hadnt answered the deep space question from Lamel.
	Ten other observers arrived at his small watch station along with a supervisor who Bara felt was just about more tyrant than professional. He still kept quiet and watched the mayhem as they continued to figure what it said, then the message came again and again, then hundreds of times, then thousands. 
	Are we all getting this? Everyone, keep running this through the computers. This is a language. This is a message. There are words. There are spaces between the words. My God, its coming from deep space! the visiting supervisor was running around screaming. 
	After almost an hour, the answer came, We cant decipher the message. There was a pale of disappointment over the sites and in all the conversations. 
How can we be so stupid as to not be able to unravel a simple message? commented the hysterical manager. 
Bara smiled and even started to chuckle a little. His excitement was from an overwhelming relief and hope that his people had survived after sending them to this place. He noticed the message was now more extended than at first, but it was still short and to the point. 
What in the heck are you smiling about? replied the facility supervisor. Weve just been handed a real live communication, and we cant figure it out. There is nothing funny or humorous about this at all!
The message is simple. It says in the language of the Blue Eli, Are you there? We are still here. We escaped to another place at the last minute. Your portal has been closed for thousands of years and just came open again. Are you still there?
You have to be joking, his supervisor shouted. 
No, Im not, but keep crunching and just maybe sometime in the next century youll figure it out.
Bara laughed out loud this time, then bent down on the communication board and quickly keyed a response, We are still here. We have been waiting.
What did you just do? shouted his supervisor again.
I answered their message. I told them that we are still here. That we had been waiting.
You are crazy! Absolutely crazy! Security, escort this man out of here! Dont let him near the com!
I wouldnt do that if I were you, pushed Bara.
Why not? he asked. 
My people are a warrior race, the Blue Eli. You dont want to piss us off.
A visiting general heard the conversation, Bring that man to me and keep his supervisor away from him!
Bara was escorted into a private room while the general and security guards surrounded him. Youre not crazy, are you? asked the general.
No, Im just a Blue Eli, and that message is from the commander and chief of the Blue Eli. Im over 6,000 years old and came here because our world was being destroyed by dark matter. I have been waiting for a message like that since coming here. Thats actually all Im going to say. Do you want me on that com or not? Id suggest you put me there. You need me very badly right now.
The general nodded in agreement, I believe you. Lord knows I dont know why, but I do. Security, escort the supervisor out of the building and put Bara in charge. Give him all the support he needs.
A young assistant overheard Baras comment about being a Blue Eli, then snuck up behind him and whispered in his ear, I always wanted to know an alien. You could be my first. I love your name, Bluuuuuueeeee  Eliiiiiie. Hmmmm. Love it.
Very cute, Heather. Im a little too old for you. Dont forget Im over 6000 years old in your earth years. Maybe I can introduce you to one of my great, great, great grandchildren. I have one in his early 20s. He looks just like me, all seven foot.
Okay, I accept, thanks, then did a perky little skip and flip of the hair while tossing Bara a kiss. 
Stupid earth girls, he remarked under his breath. 
	Bara sent Samlazaz a text, and Samlazaz laughed out loud when he heard the message: he was so excited. This was worth the wait to rule this place and bring them to their knees before his people. He wondered what caused their portal to be closed for so long. Why was it open now, and how long would it remain so?

Mount Ararat	
Gabriel sat in the caf in the Dogubayasit village looking out at Mount Ararat while contemplating the pictures of the ark with large pieces of boat ribs sticking from the ice and snow of an expedition only twenty years before. He couldnt imagine what the big deal was with Noah and the book. Everyone certainly found thousands of ancient artifacts in numerous caves surrounding the suspected Ark site. There was news from those in the lower communities that writings all along the walls in hidden places near the ark told stories of giants and other mysterious creatures that were almost too hard to believe. Still, those were just stories. If Noah were around, hed find him. If the storms would just let up just a little, he would be able to find out or be killed by the Russians, the Turks, the Iraqs, the Armenians, or the Iranians, then maybe a rock slide or a slip or just someone else who didnt want him to know any more than he did about this time in the world. 
	Tyler called him and woke him from his daydreaming, Gabriel, did the weather break, yet?
	Gabriel commented, Not yet, there is a guide who wants to take me soon, but he wants us to go see the Noah Vine first. Some grape vine that no man can put their arms around. He says that Noah planted it. He has pictures. Im just humoring him. He doesnt seem to be as excited about finding Noah as I do, but the money is doing its work.
	Who is this guy? Is he reliable? They seem like they are hiding something with all the slow walking questioned Tyler.
	His name is Arak. I checked around. Hes been here for years. In fact, no one can remember him not being here. Hes about thirty, but I swear he could be one heck of a basketball star if he wanted to. He looks to be almost seven-foot tall. Can you imagine that? When I ask him about his family, he finds something else to talk about. Rather a weird duck, Id say.
	Can you trust him? asked Tyler, not knowing if she wanted to know the answer.
	I suppose. He really knows his way around the mountain. There are rumors that others who went with him had some unusual accidents, especially around dead-mans drop. They just cant seem to make it past that point lately. The last two expeditions turned back. Lets face it, from what I know, there is only a hair between dropping 10,000 feet with just a misstep. I just have to find Noah. There is something about this Noah project that seems mysterious. You know how I love mysteries? I just have to figure it out.
	Be careful. Oh, yeah, the professor came by to see if you wanted to become his assistant on doing some research. He seemed very interested in your trip. I told you he was a weird duck. He seemed rather happy that you were already headed out on your trip. In fact, he seemed rather animated about it. Seeing that old man animated kind of scared me. Im almost finished with my first dissertation draft, junk draft.
	I bet you miss climbing with me, right, my little climber girl, he chuckled back. By the way, tell the professor that I am leaving within the week and should be back in at least three. Love you, little sister.
	Youd better love me. I got plans for you little brother, she ordered.
	With that order, I might just come back right now, Gabriel spoke laughing again. Got to go. Call next week on Saturday 8 a.m. your time. Cross your fingers.
	Okay, got everything crossed. Just do it! Just come home to me, no matter what, she ordered again. 
	Gabriel picked up some more pictures of artifacts discovered in the Ararat caves. He was the youngest climber to ever try this trip. He didnt have an entourage of support, just himself, with his guide, his camera, three burly mountain donkeys, and a lama for bringing back what he found. 
	Araklba stuck his head into Gabriels room, Its clearing, my friend. Can I ask you again, what do you expect to find that has not already been found? Maybe another couple of Russian skis that someone thinks are Ark wood on a hot vent. Hugh, maybe? You know, this one idea of yours of finding Noah is a bad dream. There is nothing up there except ice, snow, and some junk wood from older expeditions sticking out of the snow when the weather is good.
	Yes, my friend, mostly Noah. Someone found his son, didnt they? answered Gabriel, wondering why Araklba was so discouraging about the expedition. Why couldnt he believe there was just a little more to be found, just a little more mystery? What was he afraid of? Then, when he spoke the last thought, he stopped and wondered. He is afraid of something. He is also acting like he is protecting something, someone, or someones.
	I just feel you dont have much confidence in what I am doing. You dont have too, but it would be nice if we all could find just something more than what we already have found. What happened to Noah? Anyway, I have to find out.
	Good for you, my friend, good for you. You are looking to piss in the snow a little and mark your future with just one more discovery. So, we go together and maybe we will both piss in the snow together or die trying, right? he chuckled, winked, and shook his head in a moment of disbelief, then shrugged it off and walked away. He had seen them come and go before, and it was always the same, either they gave up early, got killed trying, but never came back with much, except him, by himself. 
	Araklba picked up his cell phone, Brother, yes, Im fine. Got another expedition up here. Looking for Noah this time. Thats a new one. Sure, I will take him on the tour; show him the wood and the caves. Hes a good climber. Who knows? He might actually make it back alive. No telling. I will call you when we get back. Dont worry. I wont let anything happen that we dont want to happen.
Samlazaz swiveled around in his high backed leather chair and looked out over Hong Kongs high rises. His brother would take care of it. After all, had not their own father said, Do not let them know who you are. Never expose yourself. This is why Araklba was always assigned the protector of secrets. 
Samlazaz commented out loud, How great a time we have traveled and how great a mountain we all have climbed just for this time. Just for this time. The time is right.
You are hiding something from me, Sam, he confronted, knowing when he said Sam that he was serious and especially wanted his brothers full attention. His intuitive abilities became sharpened as they had in the old days, and he started to sense something, something more.
 Samlazaz commented, Well, maybe. You might be interested in a message that Bara picked up at his deep space site. He loves being alone out there, you know. It came in our old language, the language of our home place. 
It said, We are still here.
Araklba almost shouted, Is that all! And you couldnt tell me this before! Our own people are sending us a message! What are we supposed to do, now?
We do what we always do, wait. I have instructed Bara. Others know about it now, too, and he is surrounded by interested parties. He will let me know what happens.
Tell him to ask, How many? I sense it now that there may be millions of us ready to come. I see it. I feel it in my bones.
Yes, that would be a good question. How about who? Names? he replied in afterthought. 
Samlazaz commented, I thought you might be sensing something was going to happen soon. I have. Dont tell me that I beat you to the punch for the first time
Not exactly. Three months ago I had dreams of Father and our people coming to this place around the mountain. There was a great battle. You would be surprised to know that the battle was with the dark-winged ones of Noahs time. We will have to see if you got the first punch or not.
How did it turn out? asked Samlazaz, slightly amused over Araklba protecting his foresight abilities.
I saw you battling the one they called Dar Raven. You remember him, dont you?
How could I forget that? I would love to take him apart one day piece-for-piece, but we have not heard from their kind since before the flood. Noah told us that he was asked to destroy the men of renown. I just figured out he was talking about them. 
He was, and after the flood, we never saw a single one of them or their offspring. Now, I understand your excitement. Very good! Oh, by the way, have you heard from Azazel lately? asked Araklba.         
Azazel was his favorite home comrade; the creative one in the group. He was given the task of teaching the people of this world to make swords, knives, shields, and breastplates, then made known to them the metals of the earth and the art of working them. It was not surprising that he owned the largest munitions manufacturing company in the world.
Then there was Connach, who taught the use of colored bracelets and ornaments with the use of antimony, the beautifying of the eyelids, and all kinds of costly stones and all coloring tinctures. He now owned the largest cosmetic company in the world and was worth more than some countries. They all had become involved in finance and economics but avoided the public and politics. 
	Samlazaz answered, No, he has remained quiet. Very proud of him. Did this Gabriel ever say anything else about Noah that I need to know? You know, we never did find Noah. Not a bit. After you killed his son, Japeth, Noah and his other sons disappeared like regular Enochs, was-nots.
	This Gabriel mentioned something about a book? Is that the same book we heard about just before Noah disappeared? The one that recorded our names and talked about our existence? The one where Noah warned the world about us?
	I dont know. If it is the book, you need to get it and destroy it. By the way, who is paying for Gabriels expedition anyway?
	He hasnt said. He did say that if he told me that I would think he was crazy or at least a little silly. I havent pressed. He does have some old maps and a very interesting areal typographical map with some dark shadings in it from what seems to be a satellite view. Ive seen those dark shadings before. There are volcanic heat-vents nearby that melt the snow. A very imaginative person might think that it was something. We know where the Ark is, so who knows what this is. Could be another heat vent coming from a protected ice cave. 
	Samlazaz asked the ultimate question, Do you think Noah is still alive? I know that sounds crazy, but we are, so why couldnt he be? We dont need attention, especially from someone who knows so much about us as Noah. You have just got to resolve this and make sure nothing comes from it.
	I will, always have, commented Araklba assuredly.
	When you finish with him, call me and let me bring you up-to-date on these out-of-world messages. Remember, we will rule one day, just one step at a time.

The Mountain
	I would like to go up through Ahora Gorge via Jacobs Well, then through the Moraine. Ill let you determine the base camp. I realize that the Gorge is rather unstable from rock slides, but just above the major rock formation, there is a dark anomaly, then just above it, some 50 feet, it looks like another one. We might have to go to the highest one first, then lower our way to the other. You are a great climber according to the locales, but dont worry, so am I. I should have been a mountain goat. Might be on reincarnation.
	Well, you seem to have it all figured out. I believe that you will find these dark spots are just like the Eye of the Bird on the southwest side. Although, I do find it interesting that the two places you want to go are absolutely above each other. I guess I never noticed before. No one ever wants to scale that tough rock right there. Everyone else looks for more snow and ice under their feet. Also, everyone else is looking for the Ark, and you are, well, Noah, right?
	I see, well, the dark spots are just at the end of the Abich II Perimeter above the Gorge and the Araxes Glacier. I can see why everyone avoids it. Nothing like loose rock and shale to ruin a climbers day. Well, when someone gives you a million in cash up front to make the trip, got to try, right?	
	Araklba went cold when Gabriel mentioned the money. This was not just a casual interest, but this was something very serious. He didnt like the feeling and kept remembering what his brother asked, Do you think Noah is still alive?
	Araklba was scared and puzzled at the same time for some reason. He remembered how difficult it had been when they were helping Noah build the Ark. They thought it was a joke, but their strength and size made the perfect workers to help him with his project. They always respected Noah but called him an entity fanatic. 
It wasnt too long after they arrived that Noah noticed them, but no one could really tell what he thought about them. They were just workers. Noah seemed to have an aversion to working with the Anakim, but rather took kindly to the Eli. 
They realized that the Anakim were what Lamel described as the mingling of Apollyons dark ones. They met some of the Anakim just after arriving. Nothing prepared them for how violent they were, but so were the Eli
As they walked along the road towards a village, they were jumped by a gang of twenty. Samlazaz managed to jump one of the nearest Anakim, plunged his hand into his chest, and pulled out his heart, then ducked and rolled while sword-cutting two more in semi swings towards their stomachs, almost cutting them in two. He watched them fall forward like can tops. His comrades were also ready and fended off the first attackers with their own top-to-bottom sword-cuts 
The Eli kept to their three-person groups forming tight circles while fending off more charges. This time, they used their own style called the comrage. This involved pushing opponents through with their swords while pinning other attackers behind them: two for one. They continued to stay together and repeated the comrage till there were only a few Anakim left. The Anakim finally realized what was happening and started running away to no avail. The Eli chased them, then tackled and skewered them to the ground with their swords. After, they took their battle axes and cut their heads off in single, swift swings. They left two alive on purpose. 
Who are your people? demanded Samlazaz. 
We are the terrible Anakim! shouted the prisoner on his back while Eli surrounded him with swords pointed at various places on his body. Samlazaz nodded to his men, and they started cutting away at the prisoners flesh, literally skinning him alive. 
The only other man left alive started screaming, Do not do that to me! Please, let me go! Who are your peoples? begged the prisoner.
Samlazaz noticed that the eyes of this Anakim were like bright red stars. It was a little unnerving, but his size was also rather distressing. He was right at seven-feet tall, the same as the Eli. He looked to have six fingers on each hand and six toes on each foot. It was unusual and interested Samlazaz. 
First things first. Who do you belong too? Not the name of your tribe, but who do you belong to. You are too large to be from this earth. Where did you come from?
We are the children of the dark ones; the dark-winged ones who come to be with our mothers. They are from the dark places where fire and heat fill the air, commented the man more from stories and legend than actual knowledge. 
What do your people plan to do here on this earth? Live peaceably or to rule?
When the time is right, we will rule. We will kill all of the Noah Clan and its peoples, then rule the earth by ourselves, he answered proudly.
Well, guess what? Not as long as the Eli are here will you do that. If anyone rules, it will be us! shouted Samlazaz. 
 We are the Blue Eli to you. We are the rulers of dark places and the conquerors of worlds. You have made a terrible mistake. I want you to take a message back to your peoples. Tell them not to bother us. We are unlike any you have ever come to know. If you leave us alone, we will leave you alone.
The man promised while groveling at Samlazazs feet. The other prisoner lay on the ground still alive without any skin from his neck down on his body. This was a special torture art developed by the Eli. They knew exactly how to do this so someone could stay alive for a long time, but the pain inflicted normally made them commit suicide within hours of the skinning. 
You will take your friend with you as an example of how we will treat all of you Anakim if we ever see them. We are the rulers of darkness. We are the conquerors of worlds. Tell your people about us!
The man turned and grabbed at his friend lifting him up so he could stumble along with him. The man screamed so loudly that the man let him go. The skinned man saw a sword on the ground and fell towards it, then pulled it upright and skewered himself right through his heart. 
	Samlazaz stated, Well, that didnt take long. Not as tough as I thought they might be. They match our height and size, but they dont have a clue about battle, do they?
	The other man rushed away afraid that theyd get hold of him for another skinning. He climbed the bluff above them and disappeared.
	Dar Raven went to Apollyon with the news about the battle. Did you hear what happened to our people?
	I saw it happen from down here. I couldnt believe the fighting style of these men. They are as big as us, but they are great fighters. That move by skinning that man alive was perfect. I need to remember that one.
	Shall we send our dark-winged ones to kill them? he asked, not knowing from the respect that Apollyon was paying them whether he wanted to kill them or adopt them. 
	Dar Raven, where there are some, there may be more. Leave them be for right now. Tell our people to stay out of their way. Give them room. I dont believe even the heavens know about these guys. I heard what that one said about worlds. Thats interesting. I have always thought there were many worlds in existence; that this earth could not be the only one. It makes sense that they are from another one. It looks like they are exactly what they say, The rulers of the darkness and the conquerors of worlds.  
Our people are scared to death of what happened. Everyone is looking over their shoulders for strangers as large as us, especially if they are carrying swords and those battle axes. Did you also see what they did to our dead?
You mean the scalping? answered Apollyon.
Yes, they scalped them and hung their scalps off their robe belts. These Eli scare me. I heard that they went into the Hebrew community to the Noah Clan and had been given food and shelter by some of them. Id go kill those who did that, but I dont want to come into contact with these Eli.
Now, youve got it. Leave them alone. I want to talk to the one they call Samlazaz. I will make arrangements to meet him soon enough. I want to talk to him about joining us. I dont need to have enemies like that around.
Now, that makes even more sense, remarked Dar Raven.
Noah noticed the same dark seeds in the Eli, but felt that there was a more sensible manner with them than the Anakim. Maybe, this was something from sensing something unknown about the Eli that made them almost respectable. Maybe it was their ability to measure situations and keep their emotions under control. Thats it; they were probably the most dangerous of all. Still, he welcomed the lack of open violence and the way they kept to themselves always out of the way of problems and issues. He thought in delight about those Anakim who died in the recent confrontation with those he suspected were the Eli. 
He watched as they started to make lives among them, taking Hebrew women, having children. Still, he knew they were dangerous and would be part of those destroyed by the flood. Sometimes, he felt sorry for them. He watched them making some of the most unusual weapons and practicing together as if they were practicing for war. The Anakim noticed too. They kept as far from them as possible. 
Apollyon had the most difficulty understanding how his own could be so beaten by these Eli. He was having even greater difficulty trying to figure out where they came from. He knew they were not under the influence of the heavens, and he was troubled by their equal size and viciousness with the ability to use new weapons against his tribe. This was not what he planned. Even the Eli children were as equally as large as his offspring, and they brought with them some of the strangest dark arts that challenged even his, including things such as astrology and abilities to see the future, including dark arts that let them raise the dead, some of which to the Eli was more science than dark arts, just way advanced for this realm.

The Invitation
	Apollyon ordered Dar Raven, Bring me the man called Samlazaz. Bring him into my domain. I want to see the expression on his face when he sees this place!
	As you ordered, Master, answered Dar Raven, then soon after he was making his way through the Noah Clan village towards the Ark. The Hebrew children hid in their homes and moved as far from him as he strutted through the streets towards the building. He was draped in his black feathers with his war sword strapped across his back shoulders. He moved close to one of the village people, then moved towards them briskly just to watch them fall over backwards while he laughed at their fear. The Eli saw him and immediately surrounded him while poking at him with their swords. 
	I come to talk to Samlazaz. I do not come to fight the Great Eli, he commented as he pushed their sword points away from him. 
	Im Samlazaz. What do you want? I told you in my old bloody message not to bother us. What part of that did you not understand? 
Samlazaz still didnt trust him and brought out his six foot battle axe holding it in the middle to swing it in any direction needed. He stood only inches from Dar Raven without a ruffle of fear that almost intimidated Dar Raven. No one had ever stood up to him before, especially someone who looked as human as this man. They were inch for inch the same height, then inch for inch the same massive stature. Dar Raven thought hed make a great dark one if he only had wings. Samlazaz felt similar towards Dar Raven that hed make a great Eli if he didnt have wings. Both flexed their muscles tightly as if bracing for battle. 
	You have no idea how many men I have killed who were just as large if not larger than you. Dont try to intimidate me with your stature. You will fall harder when I cut you in two.
	You know little of us dark ones. We are immortal, at least in comparison to these of the Noah Clan he bragged.
	You know little of the Blue Eli. We are not of these little people either. Would you like to find out? challenged Samlazaz.
	Dar Raven actually stepped back to brace himself for a fight when Apollyon warned him, I didnt ask you to fight him. I asked for you to bring him to me. What are you doing? If they are as good warriors as they say, you might have to take several years to repair from being skinned alive by them and scalped. Bring him to me! warned and ordered Apollyon.
	Noah stood near an open window on the third level and watched as Dar Raven approached Samlazaz while wondering what would bring the Great Dar Raven into the middle of these Eli. He had only seen Dar Raven on one other occasion and that was over thirty years ago when his dark ones started appearing and mingling with the people of the local villages. He was scared of him then and was scared of him now. Still, he was humored by the Samlazazs challenge that seemed to take Dar Raven back a little. He could tell that Dar Raven was listening to something.  
	My master wants to talk with you. You will come with me, commanded Dar Raven.
	Im not going with anyone! answered Samlazaz as he started to wield his axe. 
	Dar Raven reached towards Samlazaz before he could bring the axe head around towards him, encircled him with his arms, then shot upward into the sky; disappearing in an instant. 
	What are you? shouted Samlazaz. 
 He was standing in a terrible place of heat and fire while still in Dar Ravens grasp. Never had he feared anyone, but this was totally by surprise. These creatures were so unusual that he wondered why they hadnt ruled more worlds than just this one they were attempting to control.
	Relax, commented Apollyon. We will not harm you. I have some questions for you.
	Apollyon sat on his rock throne that reflected the red crimson of his domain. His skin glowed like embers of a bright fire and his red wings wrapped him in a cloak that looked like armor. His face was flint rock hard with blazing red eyes like the red-eyed ones. His features kept changing as if he were trying to find a suitable one. At one point, he seemed to cool his heated looks, then his body took on a cold, obsidian-black from head to toe before he finally took on the more pleasant features of the Eli with blonde closely cropped hair and rustic, manly looks: all for effect.
	I have been watching you for some time now. I have seen you practicing your war craft, and you are all a people to be reckoned with. I need people like you to join us and to even rule with us.
	Samlazaz twisted from Dar Ravens grasp, then noticed where he was. He was on this granite island over what looked like a world of fire and flame. He heard people screaming in agony and from what he could see being tortured and torn apart, then tortured even more as they came back alive again. Dark angels filled the air with many of them sitting on their haunches like jackals waiting to see someone trying to get out of the flame, then swooping down on them and throwing them back. Sometimes, other demons pulled people away from the dark angels before they even made it to the flames and seemingly ate them alive before they healed and readied for it all again. It was almost too agonizing for him to imagine. What was this place?
	The question you have is, What is this place? This is my place. Not for you or the Noah Clan or anyone else. We are not welcome on earth as you know it right now. We are kept here against our will, but we do take chances by visiting earth as you know from time to time. There will be a time when we will gather all of us and our Anakim children to rule earth. That time is not now. It is for a far day. There will be a call to all the red-eyed ones, and they will join us for a great battle, then we will rule.
	You will not rule if the Blue Eli have anything to do with it! shouted Samlazaz.
	You are so stupid! You cannot stand against this, he shouted pointing to millions of his own dark angels gathered and flying across the high spaces above the fire.
	No, you are. If you could do this without your red-eyed ones, you would have by now. Something is holding you back. I dont know what, but you are prisoners here whether you like it or not, but we are not. We join with no one. We rule, not you. Your red-eyed freaks are just that, freaks. We will kill and skin them alive right in front of you. We will not join this place or your people! 
	I could kill you right now, dont you know that? spoke Apollyon angrily. 
	We are a curiosity to you. You want to know where we come from and where the rest of us are. You are afraid that our millions are on the way to mess up your plans. You are more scared of us than you are of whatever is keeping you down in this place, your prison.
	Dar Raven pulled his sword to run Samlazaz through when Apollyon stopped him, No, he is right Dar Raven. Not about fearing him, but curiosity and wanting to know more about where he came from, and yes, about the rest of you.
	There was no reason not to tell him so Samlazaz told him, We moved from world to world in our orbs and tunnels. We conquer and rape the worlds taking what we want, then leave nothing alive. We are like you in many ways, but we are at least not in prison, right?
	What kind of things make it so you can do this? How can this be? asked Apollyon, not understanding it; and it was bothering him, even frightening him.
	Science is your word, but that word is not in your vocabulary, yet. Technology is another one. We live for thousands of years far beyond what your little red-eyed ones will live. We are made of steel and molten iron in our bones and in our flesh. We are the greatest warriors you will ever come to know. We are the Blue Eli!! shouted Samlazaz.
	Then, why havent you brought your warriors here already? I think you are trapped just like we are, questioned Apollyon.
	Maybe or maybe not. Maybe, we are here to consider coming. Maybe, we are on our way. Maybe, we will leave this world and let you have it all by yourselves. You must know that this world is full of backward peoples. They may not be worthy of us coming. Now, do you want to try to kill us or just leave us alone? The choice is yours.
	In that instant, Apollyon considered the unknown. He could leave them alone, hoping they were just a scouting party checking out this earth. In that case, they just might leave it be. He could kill them but didnt know if that would trigger an invasion of another kind. He wasnt ready to have his dark ones enter earth in mass to fight this kind of battle. He was also being held back by what they called their technology, which was far more advanced than what he had ever considered. What more technology did they have? He felt small in the face of so many unknowns. He felt his power diminished by these Eli and just wanted them to go away. He would deal with their other worlds later. He wanted this one under his control for right now. 
	Dar Raven stepped back in fear himself, then suddenly Samlazaz was gone, Apollyon having moved him back to the Noah Clan village in an instant.
	Dar Raven asked, What do you want to do?
	Apollyon shook his head disappointingly, Just keep out of their way. I am afraid that we may have just met our match. If his other warriors ever get here, we are really going to have our hands full. Mingle, mingle, mingle, more, more, more. Watch them from afar. I will have to come up with something. Maybe, I can convince him to join us when he gets bored with the Noah Clan. There has to be a weakness that I dont see now. Watch them.
	I believe they like the women of this earth too. They have started having children and have them even faster than we do.
	Are they six toed freaks like ours are? asked Apollyon knowing the answer.
	No, they are beautiful. Perfect. But in childbirth many of the women are dying. They are too large for many women to have. We have had some of that problem but not as much as they have. What shall we do with the Noah Clan?
	Leave him alone. He is crazy. He thinks that a great flood is coming, and he is building that canoe. He is even building places for animals to get on board. He is so crazy. I dont want our people around him in case its contagious.
	Samlazaz found himself standing just where he left minutes before with his men looking up waiting for him to come back. They jumped back in surprise when he appeared. 
	Araklba asked him, Where did he take you, Samlazaz?
	I met his general. They are a fierce people that live in a place of fire. The general is some kind of dark-winged fire lord of the underworld.
	What did he want?
	He wanted us to join him.
	And?
	I said, no responded Samlazaz.
	Are you sure that was a good idea? his brother asked, shaking at what he thought about the possibilities from his rejection of the dark fire lord.
	He has great power but is trapped in his underworld. The only way he can rule this world is through those Anakims. They are weak and unskilled in war. He is afraid of us. He is afraid that the rest of us are coming to ruin his plans. Something is keeping him in the underworld, but I dont know what.
	Noah came up from behind Samlazaz, I know whats keeping him there.
	Oh, Noah, dont sneak up on me like that, laughed Samlazaz.
	So, what is keeping this dark fire lord trapped? answered Samlazaz sarcastically.
	It is Yahweh; you call the entity of this world.
	Yes, we have heard of Him. Our father spoke of him before we left. Where is He? He doesnt seem to be very visible.
	Trust me. He is near. He is not sleeping like many think. Why should He show himself if He has his children to help using their own brains and brawn, of course, your brawn, so to speak?
	Well, sorry, I think Hes sleeping, but needs to wake, but wait till Im gone before he does. If he can keep the dark fire lord trapped, he can do just about anything. Why doesnt he do something about those Anakims if he doesnt like their fathers?
	Whos to say that He isnt, answered Noah pointing to the boat, and he already knew Noahs flood story.
	Oh, I see, hmmmm. Well, do you mind if we hitch a ride when we get finished? asked Samlazaz, not believing in the boat story anyway. He just thought it would be nice to humor the old man a little. 
	I will consider, although Im probably not supposed to. My enemys enemy is my friend, right?
	So, if Im the enemy of this entitys enemy, Im His friend too? asked Samlazaz crossing his fingers. 
If it had not been for Araklba befriending Noah to begin with, hed not even be speaking to him now. Being friends outside of the Eli except for the women were not in their nature. He still planned to rule the Noah Clan and their people one day. 

Tyler Confronts
	Tyler approached the professor days after his visit and after Gabriel left. She never said a word to him the first time he came to ask about Gabriel. She was just too angry about it so decided to keep quiet. She had cooled down some and thought it was a good time to have her talk. 
	Why did you send that stuff to Gabriel? What gives you the right to determine if hes the one to find your crap? Did you ever think that he might get killed? From what I know, there may still be Eli, as you called them, protecting themselves by stopping anyone from finding out about them.
	Oh, Tyler, you always were such an emotional child. Your mom was the same way. Of course, she was, what, my 66th wife, right? She was a good one, your mom.
Keep my mother out of this and my emotions. You are avoiding my question, she answered angrily while thinking she might want to cool down some more before continuing this conversation. 
You are right. I may be sending him into danger, but there are things going on that are making it look like the Eli are planning for something. Its just my intuition, but something is happening or going to happen. Just a gut feeling; but when I get a gut feeling, its important. My intuition said to build an Ark, and I did. So see, sometimes, Im right about these things. Also, I had a dream about the Eli. In the dream, I saw Samlazaz and Araklba. Samlazaz was in Hong Kong, an executive, while Araklba was on the mountain.
Are you kidding me? Youre using your dream and intuition to do this? Tell me this is not the case! My boyfriends fate is in the hands of a hot-fish sandwich dream?
I know the difference between indigestion and Yahweh and whats not. This was a serious warning, and Im taking it like that. You have to trust me on this! replied the Professor (Noah) in a commanding tone. 
Noah continued, I couldnt send someone they know. I believe that if a neutral party were to find my book that it might be better. My intuition told me to leave the book there thousands of years ago. I believe it is just for a time like this. Dont forget, not even Apollyon could figure these guys out according to conversations I had with Araklba. The Eli just might be this worlds greatest threat, dont forget that!
	Dad, you really are a mess. Here you are thousands of years old, and your daughter falls in love with this great guy, then you send him on this little trip that just might get him killed. Then, he doesnt even know the why or the how about it: just a million dollars. You are messing with my life too. How do you expect him to live through this even if he finds you, of course, not you, but the book? Not to mention I had to pretend it was a great idea!
	To find the book is to find me, you know that. He has been given instructions that should serve him well: go to and not from. He will understand it when he gets there. If he does what Ive suggested, he will come to the same safe place that my sons and I did when we escaped years ago.
	Did you say that Araklba is the guardian of the mountain? she asked, knowing they wouldnt leave the mountain without someone.
	  Yes, Araklba, more than likely, he commented waiting for the explosion. 
	You have to be kidding! Samlazazs brother! Gabriel doesnt stand a chance against him! I heard Gabriel say his name, but he said Arak! I didnt tie it together. What have you done, Dad? You better send someone to help him.
	I told you. There is help that is far better than sending someone, Tyler.
	What?
	To and from, oh, then duck, he answered again, then reached out and hugged her to himself.
	What does duck have to do with it? she asked not knowing whether she wanted to know.
	Oh, just something silly I did on the wall of the cave he is going to. I saw a vision of him and Araklba, then felt he might need an edge so I told him to duck, he chuckled, then pushed his long white hair back and tied a pony tail with a rubber band. 
	Noah continued, You know, I saw this young man in the vision in the cave with Araklba. I didnt realize until he approached me after the lecture the other day, then mentioned you two that he was the one in it. 
	So, what happened in the vision? she asked feeling her righteous anger building up again.
	He ducked, Noah chuckled. Just in time, if I remember right.
	Pops, I dont know whether to kick you in the  or kiss you. Either way, youd better be right, she threatened, then continued, Hes a smart man, and so is Yahweh. That should be enough. Although, I dont think I want to know any more about the duck part.
	I am going to call a meeting with my political children about this as soon as the book is in my hands. I want to be prepared for whats coming, even the worst.
	You mean some of my political brothers, right? she asked getting very excited. She was the youngest of all of Noahs children. She still hadnt met all of the clan, only an occasional call when she picked up the phone on Fathers day. 
	You will bring them here, right? she asked, thinking where they would put over 200 of just his political sons and keep it quiet. After all, the President of the United States, not to mention the British Prime Minister, the Ambassadors to the United Nations all over Europe just popping in to visit the Cambridge Professor. Now that would be newsworthy. He really would have to have something creditable than just his dream. 
	No, in France, where I have that large catacomb chamber that will seat us all. There, we all can gather in secret without being bothered.
	Id like to see the faces on everyone when you walk in. Its been thousands of years since anything like that happened, right? she answered, being quite amused about what the gathering would be like. 
	I want you to think more about additional help for Gabriel. I still feel a little uncertain about that. You think about it. Ask your intuition if you get a chance what it thinks, okay?
	Okay, not a bad idea, he answered.
 
Climbing 
There was not really a climb in the traditional sense as they avoided the black glacier on the East side while having a perfect view of the Gorge the whole time. They made camp at one of the places Orbin pitched that had left markers, fire pits, and even some sealed containers with tents, then food stuff and water just for other climber emergencies. One container contained a radio transmitter and a homing beacon with medical supplies including an old foot-splint for sprains; very thoughtful, but not needed. So they closed them up and left them in place.
The next morning after morning coffee and an old bagel, they started a steeper climb that made it even difficult for the pack animals that kept sliding on the shale and loose rock. Araklba and Gabriel tied themselves together on long tethers with carabiners, then slowed to a more measured walk while pushing hard on their walking sticks. They continued to pull the pack animals as far from the rim of the cliff faces as possible. As they pulled on lead animal, the rest followed. Not a one of the pack animals was tied to each other so they didnt lose all if one slipped. It was the lama who went first. He tried to scramble back to the trail after moving for a parcel of field flowers for lunch; his last lunch. The other animals seemed to know exactly what happened and pushed themselves against the safety of the rock bluff while avoiding looking down. 
Finally, the pack animals could go no farther for the day, scared and exhausted. They put out some bales of hay around their laying sight and tied them together under a protected overhang. They seemed to notice a sense of relief in their eyes. Araklba was still nervous about the wild wolf hounds that roamed the southeast side but seemed to leave this side alone. He could only hope. They thought they would try to lead the pack animals a little higher the next day, but not much.
The next day, they made it to 6,000 feet, then made camp again, then decided not go any farther with the animals. This time they noticed that Corbin had left a still intact animal lean-to that would give them some place secure and even protected from the weather. The animals bunched themselves together with some new hay where they would stay for at least another day: safe till they returned. If they never made it back, they were certain they would just follow the trail down the mountain and end up in some farmers field having lunch together. Araklba mentioned that the animals were trained to do that if left alone for very long. 
They made camp late the next day at 9,000 feet and talked about making it to the black ice glacier by noon the next day. The sun was out in the morning when they headed out, and it seemed warm if not a little sweaty, still more a hike than a climb. Gabriel moved slowly making sure he placed his feet on solid rock, but the shale was increasing. 
Gabriel commented, This is just not that difficult so far, just have to be careful.
Careful is easily said, but not easily done. Ive lost good climbers in the past. Im sure you heard about that. The folks probably told you, right?
Only that you lost climbers, nothing else.
Why, Noah? he asked.
Heck if I know. Some crazy millionaire trying to make his mark in life, answered Gabriel without interest.
He wont get it here. I know every speck of this mountain. I know every crevice and stone. Although, I admit those areal photos got me. Well, we will see soon. 
What will we do if you find Noah? asked Gabriel.
We wont, snapped Araklba
How can you be so certain, and what does it matter to anyone anyway?
It doesnt matter to me. He was never found. He was like a coward and ran off with his sons, answered Araklba confidently.
What in the heck are you talking about? Just because we cant find him doesnt mean he is some kind of coward. You are speaking too much like someone who was there. What kind of crap is that?    
It is not crap! I know what I know. I didnt have to be there. Im just being logical. You got any better ideas?
Sure! He is buried under hundreds of feet of ice and snow, including everyone else of this family.
So, tell me again, why you are here? And what is that book you mentioned?
Dont know and dont care. Just doing what Im paid to do, snapped back Gabriel. Oh, I do love mysteries. This one fascinates me for that reason.
I see. So someone gives you a million dollars to fall off this mountain. Does that seem worth it, now?
Dont forget, Im a billy goat. If I fall off this mountain, then Im taking you with me. 
Gabriel continued, just wanting to pay Araklba back a little for the grape vine trip, You know, Arak, that picture of the grape vine would have been sufficient for me. We lost two hours of daylight on that side trip. It was just superstition since you said Noah ran off, right? 
	Gabriel, dont be so negative. Its a traditional thing. It is unlucky to climb that mountain without stopping to honor the grape vine, Noahs or not. Just a tradition. Get over it. Let it go. Grow up some other way, and relax.
	Very cute. Love your by-lines. The heck with tradition, with all due respect!
	Well, we are climbing, now. Soon you will find out about your dark spots and either be collecting Noahs bones or coming back with your tail between your legs, with all due respect.
	Okay, I give. Lets forget the vine and concentrate on getting to our dark spots, okay? asked Gabriel. He really didnt want to fuss about it anymore. 
	I agree. I apologize for being such a traditionalist. Im funny that way. I have been doing this for thou for a long time and get stuck in my ways, and I guess the vine is one of those ways.
	They both shrugged at each other and rested around the fire. Araklba lay back around the glowing embers of the fire while whittling on a stick, making it look rather like an artifact from ancient Egypt with rustic hieroglyphic symbols. He thought that was as much art as he had in him.
	Arak, what is that you are making? asked Gabriel, but thought it was familiar.
	It is the ancient symbol of my people. We would take these and make knife handles out of them. It has the enchantments on it to give us victory in battle. My people were great warriors. None could stand before us. We were some of the greatest conquerors in all the worlds.
	Whoa, man! You have just said a mouthful. Great warriors, conquerors, all the worlds! I thought we just had one, now how many do you think their really are? 
	Thousands, hundreds of thousands. This is just one of them and a backward one at that.
	Well, excuse me, Sir. If you were such great warriors like you say, then why are you stuck on a backward world like ours? And, where are your people now?
	Araklba realized he had said too much, then wondered what difference it made anyway since he planned to kill Gabriel before it was all over. It felt good saying those things. It was almost therapeutic.
	Waiting, replied flatly.
	Waiting for what?
	Waiting on a time to show the world who and what we are made of. It maybe coming sooner than we think.
	You sound very ominous. Should we be afraid? asked Gabriel trying to figure out just what he was talking about. 
	Everyone should be afraid. We slaughter for survival, not for sport like the Anakim. We fight because we have what you call a mission.
Oh, yeah, survival, right? Gabriel asked sarcastically. 
Another question, the Anakim, the men of renown? I remember them from the Book of Enoch. They were the tribe of so-called Nephilims who were killed in the flood, right? exclaimed Gabriel proud of his understanding of history. 
Yes, they were wiped out. The dark fire lord sure got pissed off about that.
The who?
You know who Im talking about?
Okay, sure, dark fire lord; I got it. So did you ever meet him? asked Gabriel chuckling, not having a clue who he was talking about. 
No, but my brother did. He was snatched up by the one they call the Great Dar Raven and taken to his fire world.
Arak, you are the most entertaining story teller I have ever met, please continue, requested Gabriel while marveling at passion and almost believable details of his story.
	He asked us Blue Eli to join him in ruling this world, answered Araklba.
	And?
	Samlazaz told him, No. It really bothered him. We ran into the Anakim in the beginning and skinned one of them alive, then scalped the rest and hung their scalps off our belts. That really bothered the dark fire lord. Samlazaz always told me that he thought that the dark fire lord probably wished he had come up with that method first.
	So what do you do now? Mr. Blue Eli? replied Gabriel even more sarcastically, but noticed that Araklba was almost in a trance as if he was speaking to a psychologist while reclining in the counseling chair. 
	Our father always told us to wait; to keep hidden and out of sight; that we would know when the time was right. To rule. To conquer. And I think that time is coming.
	To conqueror? replied Gabriel starting to feel uneasy about the conversation. He felt that Araklba was a little crazy and was especially good at creating the complete world and stories that had no shred of evidence except his imagination.
	Well, it seems you are waiting. Im glad I caught you during that time. Arent I lucky! replied Gabriel and smiled with a chuckle, but noticed Araklba didnt quite get the subtle meaning of it all. 
	You know. I remember where Ive seen a carving like that knife handle before? The professor at Cambridge has one of those on his podium desk that he uses to support his notebook when he lectures. Except this one has some initials carved in the top of it just before those markings of yours start. How about that?
	Araklba froze; he asked carefully, What are the symbols on it?
	Oh, lets see, hmmmm. I will draw them for you, replied Gabriel as he took a hot stick out of the fire and drew in the snow.
	Araklba turned white as a ghost and started trembling, then turned seriously to Gabriel and asked, Who is this professor?
	Him, oh just some old fart with a shock of white hair down to his shoulders. Looks to be pretty spry for his age. He teaches on ancient religions and Old Testament characters. He spoke about the Nephilims, and he was the one who mentioned the Anakim tribe.
	Did he have any special quirks like any kind of tattoos or other stuff, asked Araklba.
	Oh, yes, my girl friend, Tyler, said he has a sneaky smile that pulls to
	The left when he smiles, right? spoke Araklba.
	Yes, absolutely, you know him? asked Gabriel.
	Araklba jumped up and went to a far rock cropping, then started throwing up. That artifact was one he gave Noah as a gift for letting them stay on the ark. Those were his initials in his own language. He actually had begun to appreciate Noah more than the rest; and at weak moments, he wanted to know more about his entity, but got over it quickly. He was supposed to kill Noah and his sons when they disappeared on them. 
	My, Lord, man, are you okay? asked Gabriel. You look like youve seen a ghost!
	Im fine. We just need to get this trip over with, and I need to get down to the village. I need to make a call. Lets get to the drop down-area by noon tomorrow and get this over with, he replied hastily, then went to be by himself. He had to let his brother know about this. He wondered if Noah was the million-dollar man on this expedition; it was all just too convenient.
	He thought proudly to himself that they always kept to their code: conquer, wait, invisible. Some said hide was the last one, but that seemed so weak. It was a knowledge of knowing when to duck, dodge, and runaway, but not hide. Sneaky or deceptive was a better last word. That was what happened with Noah. They got him to let them on the Ark, then ruled all the survivors as if there had never been a flood. They were the survivors, not Noahs Clan; now, they were waiting again.

The Intuition
	The professor pushed back at a stack of graded papers and rubbed his eyes wearily. He always felt the presence of  Yahweh, even after so many years. It was a pleasant feeling like the nearness of an old friend. He wondered again why he had pushed to have Gabriel do what he did. He thought it must be the right thing to do. He hadnt thought about the book in thousands of years. He just felt if a neutral person were to find it and expose it that the world would be a better place. Maybe he was being warned about what was coming but could not know for sure. If Gabriel found the book, everyone would know about the Anakim and the Blue Eli. They would see the names as he wrote them and know the lineage that followed, then others would know they were still around. He still felt a little unsure about using his political children, but knew he would when the time was right. He just wanted to make sure he was right. Sometimes, he wished for angels to appear and speak and give him inside information, but they never did. Gabriel was the perfect neutral as well as known professional that could. He still wanted Gabriel to blow the horn on these guys.
There was a voice in him that woke him from another dream recently; it simply said, The Blue Eli are coming.
He thought, Why now? Where are more Eli coming from? What do they want? 
He reminded himself as he fingered his lecture pointer that they could be even more dangerous than the Anakim. It was the Elis sensible and logical approach to ruling that frightened him. Since they took over instantly after the flood, it was as if Noah and his people had jumped from the firing pan into the fire.
Tyler stepped into the Noahs office, tapped on door sill, then stated calmly, You said you had intuition about something going to happen. Have you had anymore revelations that I should know about? Whats going on? Something is getting ready to happen. Ive started to feel it, now.
As always, your intuition is on the mark. You remember me telling you the stories of how the Eli took over and tried to run everything after the flood. They developed an immediate government that excluded religion and any worship except commerce and war. They killed my son, and I had to escape through a pressured promise with Yahweh. I complained about all the death from the flood and begged him to help me escape to start somewhere else, remember?
I remember. You always told me that later that Joshua entered the Promised Land, then sent his soldiers into the highlands to kill the Nephilims, but you never said which tribe they were.
They were the Eli, not that Anakim. The Anakim were destroyed in the flood as planned. The Eli factor wasnt planned on.
You know, you never had a very good reputation based on what I heard. You made bad decisions, and history says you were a drunk. Ive been meaning to say that to you for a long time.
Thanks for that vote of confidence. I believe it was the drinking that led to bad decisions, chicken or the egg. Just remember, there wasnt any AA back then, and the water was bad. What choice did we have? Still, it helped to explain when my sons and I went missing. It was like we probably fell off the mountain after tying one on.
Convenient, Id say, he mumbled. 
Id say. So, why now, with Gabriel?
The Eli are coming back. I dont know where they are coming from, but they are on their way. This time I bet it wont be a handful that tries to rule, but thousands of them, maybe even millions.  
Tell me again, what does Gabriel finding things have to do with them?
He will be able to tell the authorities and take them to the time passages. Everyone will have to listen to what he says. He is the perfect alarm, the perfect trumpet, the perfect professional person for the job, and fortunately for you, the perfect boyfriend.
That he is, Pops.
How do you stop the Eli?
Just been thinking about it. Have to get back to you on that one.
I still have a strange feeling that we need to do more to help him. Have you thought anymore about that? What if it doesnt go as planned? Is there a way for us to give him more help rather than just throwing him out to the wolves? Or, the Araklba wolf?
Yes, since you love him so much, maybe I need to use some of our old passages to be there when he makes it to a strategic part of the time tunnels. Get yourself together and meet me at the Old Church. Remember that spooky church on 3rd Street that smells like an old cave. Yes, meet me there in an hour.
I always hated that place. I bet it smelled that way for a reason now?
Yes, for a very specific reason. The tunnels under the building are passages that lead straight to Ararat. Great short cut. Got to love short cuts.  

First Cave
	Gabriel, place your piton in and let me lower you in front of it? shouted Araklba. 
He was holding to his lines anchored at the edge of the bluff with his ice screws and preparing to lower Gabriel to the exact opening in front of the first anomaly. Gabriel placed his piton as he slipped down on the secured lines and hung in front of it.
	Arak, it just looks like some kind of ice cave. I can barely see into it. The ice is melted around it. I think you are right. It is just a heat vent. I will push off and break through the opening to see if I can make enough room to squeeze into.
	Araklba held the lines securely in place and braced with his boot crampons into ice on the bluff. He wanted Gabriel to do the hard work. There was plenty time to end this when he found out all he wanted. Letting Gabriel help was just good sense. 
	Gabriel pushed off from the edges of cave and came back several times crashing against the ice on both sides of the odd shaped crevice. Each time, he hit the edges with his boots and the cave opening widened, then the heat from the cave came pouring out in a gasp. 
	Holy mackerel! This thing is hot as hell! The opening is big enough for a truck to get through, now! Im going in. I will shout when its safe. Give me just a second.
	Araklba felt the lines go slack just as he heard Gabriel crashing into the cave, then heard him as he rolled out onto the cave floor while yelling, Crap, its hot. Crap, crap! Im in! Come on down! Its safe!
Gabriel was looking at the cave that seemed to be almost perfectly symmetrical; and as his eyes focused with the help of the flashlight and a flare thrown to the side. He noticed a stone slab covered with old brush. 
He instantly thought, Noahs body.
He moved carefully, not trusting the floor that actually glowed hot in some places as he wondered if it was hot lava moving under it. He carefully removed the pile of twigs after taking several pictures, then found nothing. No body, except a large leather-bound book of what looked like parchment, and he knew it was thousands of years old. He wondered if he should even move it. But, as carefully as possible, he opened the cover. 
In ancient Hebrew it read, Noah stories. Again he noticed that it was written the same parchment as his note in the package he received. Some of the penmanship was shabby, but he immediately focused on a list of names like lineage of the survivors of the flood. The number two name on the list was Araklba, brother of Samlazaz, of the tribe of the Blue Eli. 
The book stated, The Eli. Do not trust them. They are against all religion except war. They must be killed before they kill and rule all mankind. They are from a far place beyond our world. They are the rulers of darkness and more dangerous than the Anakim, who died in the flood. They are full of their dark arts and sorceries. Araklba has already killed my son, Japeth. I must escape so this message will be passed down when the time is right.
Araklba came into the cave and stood behind Gabriel as he looked at the book. Gabriel trembled at the reality of what he was reading. This was a warning from Noah himself about the very man who was standing behind him. He thought in an instant that Arak was really Araklba; it was a deep intuitive feeling.
He looked up to the ice covered wall and saw Araklba reflection behind him in it, then noticed writing under the wall that read in Hebrew, From on the left, and To on the right, then in capital letters, DUCK!
It was so funny to feel the impact of Duck, so much so that Gabriel did duck to the surprise of Araklba, who swung at him with his ice axe, just missing the top of his head.
You are the very same Araklba who was with Noah, arent you? he shouted as he rolled across the floor, then scrambled to his feet while holding his own axe as his only defense. 
Bingo! shouted Araklba, then moved towards the book and Gabriel, but Gabriel sprinted towards it, scooped it up in his arms, then ran for the cave opening. He stumbled as he tried to stop himself from falling out of it, then slid anyway and grabbed the climbing lines. He fell almost 25 feet while still holding the book in one hand while the lines wrapped tightly around his hand and arm in another. He knew he couldnt hang on long this way. His weight was pulling his shoulder away from its socket. As he looked up, he saw Araklba preparing to come down for him. Not really for him, but for the book, otherwise he would already cut the lines.
Araklba got closer to him as he pushed off with his feet, then inched nearer with every swing. Each time, Araklba reached for the book, just wanting the book. He knew the book was too old to stand a 2000-foot fall into the gorge, but he didnt want to take a chance it ever being discovered later by anyone. He needed it now. 
Gabriel saw that the end of his line was already past the second ice cave opening; and with a strong shove, he let himself slide just above it and literally jumped into the face of the other cave opening without knowing if it really was one or not. He fell into the cave and rolled against a far wall. Just as he did, he noticed an opening that looked like a lava tunnel going up. He took a chance just as he heard Araklba sliding down in front of the opening. He moved up into the tunnel and braced himself on its sides while feeling the heat coming from the walls. He  thought that hed burn his fingers off so he tore his climbing scarf in two and wrapped the pieces around his bare finger tips sticking out of his gloves. He already squeezed up ten feet when he saw Araklba peering up at him with his flashlight. 
I will get you, Noah lover! Drop the book, and I will let you go. Otherwise, I will wait here for days while you get stuck in that mess you are in. You will die and roast like a pig while I just wait.
Gabriel pried himself up several more feet, then saw where the tunnel was leveling off almost horizontal with the ground. He moved out of Araklba sight and managed to scoot on his back inches at a time while the tunnel kept getting smaller. He knew if Araklba tried to climb after him that he was way too big. The tunnel was claustrophobic, and there was no room to move and little room to breathe. The crumbling lava and heat was suffocating him. As he pushed himself through, he felt wedged but kept pushing with his boot crampons, which wedged him in even more.  
He spoke to himself, I hate tight spaces. I hate tight spaces. Oh. Lord. Id rather die falling down a mountain that this way. Oh, Lord, I hate this.
He took the book and pushed it ahead of him, then took his axe and started whacking at the lava around him. Sometimes it crumbled easily without problems, but other times, when it crumbled, hot steam came seeping out onto his face and hands. He felt he was being cooked alive. He made it another ten feet when the tunnel widened and moved upward again. He could almost taste the cold air coming from somewhere above him. He even had room to place the book under his clothing to protect it and use his ice axe to pull himself up a foot at a time. The air became colder, then the lava tube stopped being hot. 
Oh, Lord, I got to get out of here! Man, this is not good! Man, this is not good!
After another twenty feet of tunnel climbing, the tube was at a dead end. Above him was a sealed lava crust. He took his ice axe and slammed into it: nothing. It was too hard, and he wondered why lava would get this hard all of a sudden. He made a small break through, then shined his flashlight on it. Air came pouring through the crack, and he saw hard rock above him like something was sitting on the opening. He wondered. The book and what was under it was possibly right on top of the tube in the first chamber. He chiseled around the edges until he saw the edge of the rock formation and still wondered if that was part of the cave or placed there. He took a hand and pushed up on the edge of the rock in the opening, then he felt the rock moving back and forth. He pushed harder and longer this time while the rock moved an inch or two. He braced with both feet on the walls of the tube making it impossible to use his feet while he pushed at the rock with his hands and head. He had to find a way to put pressure above him. Suddenly, he thought, ice. This is ice all around the rock slab.
He pulled a hot flare from his jacket and pushed it into the opening and activated it. The heat of the flare melted a foot and half of the opening. He almost went unconscious breathing in the flare phosphorus. After it burned out, he pushed with his shoulders and head against it and heard the cracking of success. After three more attempts, the rock fell over, and fresh air came rushing in on him. He had just enough room to squeeze himself out. He was now in the first cave staring at the same place that said, DUCK. 
Araklba started to figure out what happened and was starting to try to climb back to the first cave. He figured that Gabriel was either getting cooked or really making his way up through one of the tunnels. He figured that if both caves were directly above each other that Gabriel might get lucky enough to make it through, though, he doubted it, but he couldnt take a chance. Araklba placed his pitons and ice screws in place; and from his anchored lines, started moving up the face of the ice cliff. 
Gabriel saw the lines moving and heard Araklba struggling as he made his way up the mountain. In a moment of panic, he ran towards the cave opening, then peered down to lock eyes with Araklba. In that moment, Araklba knew exactly what Gabriel was going to do. Gabriel pulled his knife from his back pocket while still looking into Araklbas eyes, then cut the lines, which were his lines too.
Bye, bye, Araklba of the Eli! Great warrior! Waiting warrior! Dead warrior! he shouted.
Araklba didnt make a sound on the way down. He wouldnt give Gabriel the satisfaction of his screams. He wished he could be around when his father and his armies arrived. He wished until he hit the gorge and immediately the glacier swallowed him up as ice and snow covered him from the impact. 
Just before the impact, he shouted, My father and his armies will be here soon to rule your earth!
Gabriel took note but didnt understand it. He was more concerned getting off this mountain, now. He sat down in the middle of the cave and realized he was stuck too far down off this cliff without all his climbing lines to make it back. He looked at the wall with the notes of to and from and remembered the note, Go to, not from.
He decided that the message had to be a tip about a way out of the cave. Wasnt the instruction to DUCK correct? He moved to the place before the word to and started running his hands over the iced walls. Slowly, he felt the edges of what seemed like a sealed crack of a perfectly shaped door, an opening, maybe? 
He took his good shoulder, pushed against it, and felt it move ever so slightly. As he did, he saw light coming through the cracks around the edges. He pushed again, and it started opening even more. There was just enough room to squeeze through. As he made it into the next chamber, he saw another door-like shape on the other side. He did the same thing to this supposed door as the last one, then there was another about 15 feet away, another chamber and another door. 
Funny, he thought, but as he moved through each chamber, he thought he heard different sounds. Sometimes he heard voices in old Hebrew with sheep bleating. Other times he heard Spring-time sounds: birds chirping, geese honking along with the different smells even smells of someone cooking nearby. 
There was one chamber where the language was unknown to him, but it sounded like old Gaelic with the additional sounds of swords meeting swords in a fight, maybe a war. He also recognized Muslims praying, then other times ancient Catholic monks chanting morning prayers. Still, he kept going. How could that be? He was on a mountain thousands of feet above anything. How could this be?  
He figured out that the new doors opened more easily if the previous door was completely closed. That helped. He had been in the tunnels for almost three hours of nothing but closing and opening doors. All of a sudden, he found three doors. He didnt know what to do. He carefully pushed on the door to the left and peeked out. Nothing prepared him for this. He was looking into dark space. He saw planets and stars and felt the oxygen around him being sucked away making him gasp for air before closing it. Somehow he felt like Doctor Who in his phone booth visiting another galaxy. 
He looked all the way to the right door, and it looked to be heading back towards where he came in a direct sharp-right curve. The one in the middle felt warm to his touch. He pushed his face up against it and tried to see if he smelled or heard anything. Yes, he smelled tropical, lush smells, and he heard brook water running nearby. Still, he was uncertain, then he heard a small sound he knew so well.

Old Passages
	I hate old smelly places like this! exclaimed Tyler. She pushed at dirt and roots that had covered an old rock doorway deep underneath the old church basement. 
	So, sorry that we couldnt keep it clean and tidy for you, Miss Delicate. Youre just lucky I even remembered where it still is. Like, its been here forever. We made sure that the passages were open, then helped sponsor this church to sit on it. Can you imagine having a passage like this just sitting in the open? Anyone could have fallen or tripped through it by accident. We were scared to death that could happen. Within the first hundred years, we built a synagogue on it, then years later, an apartment house, then after that, a church. Go figure, Noah becoming a Christian. Who would have thought? Im not stupid, you know. So now, here we are. Noah and his little girl trying to help her man. Okay, Im a sucker for romance and relationships: a big softie, right?
	Oh, Pops, you always were a big softie. If you hadnt been that way, you wouldnt have given in to letting the Eli on the Ark. You just cared too much for people even if it was the wrong people you cared for. Now, why did you leave the book there to begin with? Why not take it with you?
	Oh, that. Remember, well call it the intuition again. Just a feeling I needed to do it. Thats all. Then as far as letting them come with us. Hmmmm. Well, I guess I or we all will be paying for that wrong decision one day soon. 
	Dad, dont be so down on yourself. You did the right things. Just think, if you hadnt escaped, Id not be here right now. Isnt your little Tyler worth it?
	You are especially worth it. Dont tell your other brothers and sisters that. Dont want to start sibling rivalry, he mentioned, then laughed and chuckled about it.
	Oh, yeah, Id really be in trouble with the entire Noah herd to contend with. How many of my brothers and sisters are still alive. Let me see, from last count at least 5000 with 200 in politics, right? Lord, Dad, we all live forever. What a deal you made with Yahweh. What a deal. I want you to be around when I buy my first house. Ill let you make the deal, right?
	Yeah, thats me, the deal maker. So, lets get this boyfriend deal done. Can you hurry it up and clear away some of those nasties so we can get through?
	Easy, Pops, Im doing the best that I can, she spouted back while clearing more roots from another door. 
She closed the door behind them and noticed the other doors were easier to open. Noah had told her that would happen, but she ignored him. She was going from and within several hours they were making their way at a stark incline. Every time they made it into another chamber, they heard new sounds. They were moving through time and distance. It was as if the chambers were bending time and distance at the same time. Soon, after a little of Noahs instructions on different turns, the maze of tunnels seem to be getting them into a colder climate, then she thought she heard sheep bleating and voices that she recognized speaking old Hebrew. Suddenly, they were stepping out into an outside clearing looking at another large door etched into the mountain side. The air was warm and balmy with sweet tropical smells all around. 
Noah said, Here, this is where we came out from the mountain; one of three final outside doors. Im here because it is the wrong place to be. This door is a mistake as far as Im concerned. Here. Now, we wait, he said while pointing to the rock door. 
Tyler yelled at him, Wait! Wait for what? Im not waiting for anyone with Gabriel still out there!
Okay, then call for him. That will probably help. He probably doesnt know which of the three doors to chose, and I didnt think to tell him. Call him. Go ahead, little girl. Do it!

Friendly Voice
	Gabriel! Are you here! We are here! Gabriel! We are here!
Gabriel shouted, Oh, my Lord, Tyler! Help me get out of here! Oh. Lord, girl. Help me!
We are both here, Gabriel, replied Noah. 
Professor, what are you doing here? asked Gabriel.
Just stand back. You cant get through this last door without our help. Push and we will help pry it open once we have some leverage. Its been closed for too long.
All Tyler and Noah could see were Gabriels fingers wedged in a small opening he made in moving the door. Both of them grabbed at the door and started pulling. All three of them were able to pull it open just enough. Gabriel fell out onto ground, then Tyler grabbed him in a crushing hug.
Oh, baby, I was so scared for you! Dad said that you would be here if you made it. I love you so much.
Okay, girl, stop the gushy stuff, and lets get out of here. We need to get back to the church, replied the Noah. 
Where is this place? Its beautiful. It could be in the tropics some where?
These chambers lead to different times and many times to different worlds or dimensions. Whatever, you want to call them. This is where my sons and I escaped to after the flood. Its in another world. Yahweh doesnt like us using places like this unless its an emergency. I guess you counted. Im sorry, son, I sent you on this mission. Are you okay?
Yes, Noah, he commented knowingly, I am. I even have your book. I had to kill Araklba.
Really, he was always my favorite. Still, he was always under Samlazazs orders. His brother. Okay, guys lets get away from here. I have lecture on Monday.
Tyler, I didnt know if Id ever see you again. I dont want to take a chance on losing you. Will you?
Of course, I will. Now shut up and lets go home.
	Professor, Araklba said that his father and his armies would be coming to rule our earth. What does not mean?
	Oh, yeah, that. Well, you just confirmed what I thought was going to happen. They are coming, so now, lets see what we can do to stop it. Okay? Now, lets go. We have a long walk home and a lot of passages to go back through.
	Oh, no, not more tunnels. Im tunneled out. 
	Gabriel, you are literally in another world right now, and the only way you can make it back home will be through the time passages. That door to the right leads back to where we came from at the old church. This is a nice place, but there is nothing here. This door is really a mistake. You would have been lost in this world and eventually died if this is where you really decided to exit. This world was devastated by the Eli. I found out about it while in a conversation with Araklba. He described it in detail, including how it smelled. He mentioned that his people raided other worlds for their assets, but mentioned that there was one that they left intact except for the people. I think he wished he was there sometimes because he kept talking about it. He mentioned it was the closest world to ours. I just figured the rest out on my own. He always was a blabber mouth, but he didnt know about these passages created by Yahweh himself.
	What about that Doctor Who door? asked Gabriel.
	Oh, you opened that one? asked Noah in apprehension. 
Im surprised you didnt get sucked out into space. Must have only opened it a bit, right? asked Noah.
	Yes, just a bit. Scared the crap out of me! exclaimed Gabriel. 
	I almost lost Ham in that one. If it hadnt been for us pulling him back in, he would have been gone on that one. Good for you, son, good for you. I finally figured out that that one is for the future and has not been determined yet.

The Ancient Ones Are Coming
	Apollyon stood high above the plains of what would be called The Valley of Armageddon in the future. He surveyed it to see if they could contain his own army of dark angels and all of the dark Nephilims he was making for just that time. He had decided that it was time to re-enter this world and rule as he thought he always had been meant to be. He decided against this valley and plain. He would save it for another time and place. He just wanted to gather all of his own to invade earth, now, not later. 
	Dar Raven stood with him and asked, When do you want us to move into invasion mode?
	Soon, he said while the crimson of hell lit up his face and the fires of the pathos flickered about him to his delight. 
	I want earth to pay for ignoring me for all these years. I am tired of their human waste and peoples. I want some place that is isolated and almost abandoned so we might enter without notice. Do you have any place in mind, Dar?
	Well, you might try the Ararat region. We were destroyed there so many years ago. It might be a symbolic response to that terrible time. It took us years to repopulate the earth with our people again after that.
	Do you think that our people, and I mean our red-eyed Nephilims, will give us any trouble joining us?
	I will make sure that if any over the age of 25, man or woman, who will not take up arms with us, will die, including their families. That should be enough.
	What about the earth technology that the militaries have now? Have we obtained enough of that to make a difference? asked Apollyon while crossing his fingers. 
	We control arms smuggling all over the world. We have more of a war machine than they would ever imagine. It wont take long to arm us once our armies arrive.
	Where are we getting most of our arms? asked Apollyon while wanting to feel reassured.
	Arms are coming from Russia, Afghanistan, and Venezuela. We will have more than enough to defend ourselves once we start sweeping across the continents.
	How many should we have when are finally assembled?
	Millions of our angels, then millions more of our Nephilims.
	I have come to the conclusion that Yahweh is asleep or doesnt care. He seems to have just dumped all the responsibility into human hands. Such a shame, but I am going to take advantage of it.
	Yes, asleep, but we are not.
	When we call them to battle, our red-eyes will stand with us. Our purging ceremonies at their age of 25 require them to commit to these ends. If any do not, they know they and their families will not be allowed to live. 
	When we order them to come, will they understand what they need to do? asked Apollyon carefully.
	Yes, they are made that way. Its part of the fabric of their being. Watch what happens, answered Dar Raven, having more confidence in their dark natures born of them than he thought Apollyon did.

Lamel Is Waiting
Lamel sat waiting for another answer from earth world. He felt trapped in this world that he had come to as an escape while having to make it their home after killing all of the inhabitants. There was nothing here except arid desert and heat. Nothing prepared them for such a dramatic change in their lives. They had not found any worlds worth staying, and this one was no different. They kept raiding and killing until it seemed there could be no more left. 
He had his science officers continued to send out the messages and had for thousands of years to earth. There were no answers. He always hoped he could go to the earth world but did not want to take a chance on the entity of their world to intervening, then for some reason the earth portal was closed. In addition, the entity of that world was a big unknown that he had not rather deal with, but he was getting desperate. 
Then the answer, We are here too, and in their own language. All this hope all at once. He called his officers in for a war meeting.
You are here because we now have a message from the earth world that our people are still alive just like we are. They want us to raid the earth world ASAP.
What about their entity as you have mentioned before? General Arkaback asked.
Yes, that is a big unknown. I have reconsidered, and I now feel that it is worth the risk. The earth world is one of the most beautiful planets in all the galaxy, full, rich, overflowing with more than enough to sustain us for thousands of years. It also makes a good home rather than this hell hole we have been in for so long. If I must live as long we live, then it should be in a place like that even if it is a risk. 
Do you want to mingle and mix or wipe them out? asked another junior officer, suspecting from Lamels posture and tone that maybe mingling would not be that bad this time: just his intuitive guess. 
A little of both. Our own people are there, and I do not want to jeopardize their lineage. If this world is manageable and we can rule, then let them live, if not, the wipe them out.
Thats quite a reverse in our modus of operandi. Why the drastic change after all of these years?
Drastic times require drastic measures; and to tell you the truth, Im getting ready to settle down a little. There are only so many worlds and only so much time.
Sir, are you kidding? After all of these eons, our commander wants to settle down?
General, you need to put a lock on it. You still dont know me well enough to talk to me that way regardless of the thousands of years weve known each other, Lamel said as he turned and stared intently into the generals eyes.
The general ducked his head like a scolded dog and stepped back several feet while watching Lamel handle his sword handle. 
He immediately came back, Yes, commander, I apologize. We know you will help make the right decisions. Id better go.
Lamel stopped handling his sword and turned as the general hurriedly left, then placed both hands flat on the world maps, thumping on the earth world picture. 
This could be home. This could be a place to stay and not rape. This could be a place of peace and rest. Now, dont say a word, none of you.
His other officers, nodded in agreement, and there was a sense that maybe he was right. In the backs of their minds, they all thought what it would be like not to have to raid and kill to have what they needed. None were brave enough to say anything even to their own families. Peace and rest echoed in their heads. Still, they considered the other problem of the warrior hardliners; those who always sought war. Now, that was a problem of a different kind. 
It was even more serious than his officers imagined. Lamel was dying. The air of this planet was killing him. He had developed an allergic reaction to its pollutants. He felt the sickness deep in him in a way only a dying person could know. He felt his energy waning, and his nights were filled with pain in his chest and shooting down his limbs. He would wake at night in cold sweats, then groan and fall back asleep. His wife, Ada, knew something was happening, but didnt know what. She would pat him on his shoulder and tell him she loved him just long enough to make sure he was asleep again. When he woke in the mornings, he would sit in one place for hours just rubbing his eyes and face trying to focus enough to go to the dome citadel. When he arrived, no one noticed the moments of fatigue as he would lean against a door sill or rest his head in his hands at his station. 
Samlazaz called Bara and asked about more messages. None had been received in over two weeks. He wondered if his father had enough orb power to penetrate the earth-world passages for all of the armies. If only a few could get through, it would be of no use. All of the millions had to come through, not just a hand full.  
Samlazaz asked again, What was the last thing you heard from my father, again?
Bara answered, They were ready. I still dont know where they would start in their entry. I feel that it may be best if they open a portal around the mountain. There would be few to push him back and plenty of room to assemble the armies. The problem is technology. Our world is more dangerous now with the advanced technology. Enemies would mow us down like grass. Think of the arsenal of nuclear and modern armament that would face them.
What are our alternatives? asked Samlazaz, feeling saddened by the truth and hating every minute of it.
Bara looked at the blank deep space screens, then commented, Samlazaz, I hate to be the one to break this to you, but maybe our people would be better served assimilating into this world just like we did. They could stop us from attacking them, but they may not be able to stop us from infiltrating and blending with them.
Samlazaz angrily slammed his fist into his desk top, then shouted at Bara, We are the conquerors! We are the rulers of the worlds! How can it be that we are reduced to just getting along with a world of such lower species as these humanoids? We are superior, not them!
Then, lets use our war smarts and make a place here for all of us. You must consider these options. You have family; I have family; we all have families; and whether you admit it or not, we are in a great place for the future, better than jumping from world to world just to gather enough food and materials to  survive a little longer, even if a lot longer. Also, consider just how far this world has progressed since the time of Noah. They dont seem to be near as backward and ignorant as they used to be. They were just slow learners.
You are scolding me! Only my father is allowed to talk to me this way, Brother Bara!
You trusted me in our world; you have trusted me here; trust me about this. What about Araklba and the book, Noahs body? Have you heard anything yet? If our people are to come here, then we cant allow anything and anyone to know about us. Thats always been the first commandment.
Araklba is taking care of that for us. He should be getting back to us soon. End of tale. Dirty deeds done as always.
I hope so, commented Bara as he shrugged and sent out more messages to deep space simply saying, What do you want us to do? 
Lamel saw the message coming through on his control board, then in a moment of indecision, he asked, Im sorry. Find a place of peace for us, first. Are any of their old ones still alive?
Bara answered, We dont know. Maybe? We are looking now. Why?
Lamel looked around to see if anyone was watching him, then answered back, Find them. Seek peace. Find sanctuary. Find a place of rest, not war.
Bara forwarded the message to Samlazaz, who looked in shock at it, What is going on? This doesnt sound like my father. What in the hell is going on. There will be war hardliners who will not seek peace when they come over. To seek peace means we have to stop our own warriors from pursuing war. We will be at war with our own people in a strange land without anyone to help us.
Bara asked, If your father wants peace, then something has changed. Why did he ask about their old ones? What does he know about the earth world? Does he think that these old-ones could help or hurt? Is it possible that they are still alive just like we are?
If they are alive, theyd have to be the Noah Clan. Think about how many of us there are now. Can you imagine if they survived how many of them could be alive too?

Araklba Under Ice
 Araklba was buried under ten feet of ice and snow. He made his own ice cave from the heat of his body when it impacted the glacier. He could feel his toes as he wiggled them, then felt his fingers as well as some that he knew were frost bitten. He felt like he had been asleep for weeks when it was only a few hours. Slowly, his body started healing. 
He slid his hand near his chest and pulled at the ice axe. Every time he moved, more ice fell on his face and some down his throat. He pulled this time on his knit hat, pulling it down over his mouth. He chiseled very carefully at a place near his other hand, then started reaching down to free his feet. Slowly, he had his knees supporting the ice above him as he worked in a large circle around and above his head. He still felt his broken bones, but also felt the heat of them knitting together splinter at a time. 
The Eli survived many battles by just lying still in one place and letting their bodies repair themselves, but the pain was still excruciating. As he chiseled at the ice, he finally had enough room that if he sat up he could fit his head and shoulders through his own man-made cave, but it was still claustrophobic. 
He whispered to himself, I have to tell Sam about Noah. I have to let him know. I have to tell Sam about Noah. Oh, my gosh; where there is one, there are more.

Alternatives
Bara commented, There are not that many of us to do much of anything. What? About 6,000 of us? How can we change the way we have always done things just like that? If your father wants peace, then we have to find a way to keep the greatest of our warriors from this place and get only those who want what your father wants. This is a really big problem.
This is a huge problem. You know, Bara, I wouldnt mind a little peace myself, but it might take a war to get it. A war with our own people, who dont want peace. How do we do that?
Bara thought carefully, Control the portal entry? Oh, heck, I dont know. My head is about to explode with all this now.
I agree. I want to talk to Araklba to see what he found out about the book. I want to start asking questions about the old ones. I just have to find out if any are still alive.
They are our enemies, right?
Yes, maybe, kind of, a lot, a little, heck I dont know. We also havent talked about the dark ones of the underworld yet. Are they even still around either? I hope not. I havent heard or seen anything from them since the flood. What happened to them? Not the red-eyed ones, they died in the flood, but the dark-winged ones. Did they just disappear?
Maybe, theyre just waiting like we are. Maybe, they made new red-eyed ones since the flood. They could have you know.
I just have a strange feeling. I havent thought about them in years, but I have a strange feeling.
	Noah spoke to Tyler and Gabriel, I have a strange feeling. I havent thought about the dark ones in a long time, but all of a sudden I am. Here we have the Eli, now Im thinking about the red-eye ones and their fathers. This is very, very strange. I dont know if this is my imagination or Im being sent a message or warning. I cant figure it out.
	Maybe, youre not supposed to figure it out, commented Gabriel. Maybe, you are just supposed to be more aware of things and circumstances around you. Get your antennaes up.
	Okay, got them up, now what? asked Noah.
	Wait, answered Tyler.
	Sure, while Rome burns, right? answered Noah.
	No, while you go back to your teaching. It will all make sense if you just wait.

Digging Out
Araklba pushed up through the glacier an inch at time; and with his climbing boot crampons pushed against the sides of the ice tunnel, he made it half the way to the surface, but felt dizzy and disoriented. He knew what was happeningoxygen. He didnt have enough good air to make it to the top without passing out. He grabbed at his axe and started hammering at the ice above him in an attempt to get through. His head was swimming, and it took everything he had to keep conscious. Suddenly, he remembered he had a six-ounce container of oxygen on his hip to help him from oxygen sickness. He was really holding on to it for Gabriel: just an old precaution. He never had much confidence in others climbing ability. He pulled at his belt trying to get it to his face. He finally got the nozzle into his mouth, then opened it, took a breath, then shut it off and kept digging. 
The oxygen only lasted for another 15 minutes, but he made it another two feet, then he hit a pocket of air trapped under the ice. This time the pocket of air came from a natural ice cave just big enough for him to squeeze into and also clear ice above him that meant it was thinner ice than what he was chiseling through. The top of it was high enough, and he had room enough to strong kick upwards while lying on his back. Just before he was about to black out, one foot punched through to the surface and fresh air poured in on him. He laid still for a long time hoping his body would mend more before he tried for the final climb out to the surface. 
He heard a large pop in his neck that he felt was crooked on his shoulders the whole time he was trying to get out. This popping sound was good news for him. He was almost free of broken bones by this time. He knew it was time to get onto the surface. He inched his way out by pulling, clawing, and punching at the tight squeeze until he was out. 
The only sound he made once he reached the surface was, Oh, oh. 
He was on a vertical, very slanted side of the glacier that dropped straight down another thousand feet. He had landed on a bluff of the glacier overlooking the deepest part of the Hora Gorge with no ice to land on, just rock, but with a large and safe snow bank on the other side over a hundred feet away.
Just to his right, five feet above him, he saw pieces of an old sled that must have fallen off from above years ago. He clawed his way up to it. It was wedged, then he took a chance. He pulled on the sled, rolled onto it, and held on. He was aiming for speed trying to get to the other side of the gorge. Within a hundred feet of sledding, he sailed off the bluff into space, then barely made it to the snow bank on the other side. He rocketed down the snow slope at an alarming speed while the speed of his descent was tearing his face apart. If he hadnt been trying to stay alive so much, he would have probably enjoyed the ride. Finally, the sled stopped, and he tumbled off trying to get his bearings. He was safe; at least, he could see an old trail he had used on other climbs nearby. He tore off a large piece of the sled and used it like a climbing cane to keep him from slipping, then carefully made his way down. 

Passages
	Noah ushered Gabriel and Tyler through the time passages as if he knew them by heart. He noticed inquiring looks from Gabriel at certain points where there were loud noises as they moved from one chamber to another. 
	Noah explained and was acting like a tour guide, Okay, we are about in the late 1800s here. Cant you recognize some of the sounds? The horse-drawn carriages, and we have traveled hundreds if not thousands of miles with each inch of passage we move through. Thats why you hear French and German while at other times a variety of others. We are literally passing through time, and soon we will be in the 21st Century. This was all done for my benefit to keep me safe, me and my sons. The tunnels take on a zigzag shape. I know which way to go. You thought it was the end, but as I said, it really was time to take a turn. I know the turns and the doors by sounds and smell.
	Dad, how did it feel to leave everyone behind? Couldnt you have taken your family with you? asked Tyler and noticed a tear running down Noahs face.
	I was told not to. I was told to leave and not look back. I was told not to use these passages unless absolutely necessary and I would know when that time was right, replied Noah, trembling with the memories that he had left behind so many years ago. It was not enough that he had been obedient; he had escaped and felt so burdened for it. He had run away and felt the crush of his cowardice, but he wasnt running now. 
	Gabriel stated simply while listening to the honk of car horns that were like a koosook of the 1920s, I guess youd just had to be there, right?
	Yes, I guess so, Noah commented.
Noah leaned against the next door and pushed it open, then the sounds changed to the sounds of violent bombs and screams amidst clearly a city being destroyed from above. Outside the chamber they clearly heard the British accents yelling at people to go to the air raid shelters. World War I, Britain.
I hate this chamber. So much pain and destruction, replied Tyler while remembering it as they passed through it before how she heard children crying and mothers calling out for their children. She wanted to go to them and help them, not pass through and leave them in such pain.
I know, dear. I hate it to. The next one is worse, remember? answered Noah.
Oh, Dad, lets get through that as fast as we can. Please! she begged. 
Noah pushed open the door, then there were the sounds of a huge 	nuclear explosion. All they heard were the screams in Japanese. It was Hiroshima. Noah ran to the next door and pushed harder than he had ever done before trying to get out of this time. Noah felt that these chambers were as much about reminding us of our mistakes as anything.
The next chamber was as powerful as the last with the sounds and news of the 9-11 attacks from Bin Laden. This time Gabriel broke down crying. He had lost his great grandfather in that attack. It was his time to rush to the next door and push to get out. 
This chamber confused Noah, I cant remember a chamber that was this quiet before. I dont know if this is the exit or not. This is confusing. I guess I wasnt paying any attention. Girl, do you remember?
Okay, no, I was just following you. I know we need to be close. Its either this one or the next. Want to check it out. We can always re-enter, right?
I suppose, but we could make a mistake. Want to go to the next one, then come back if we have to? asked Noah.
Gabriel became frustrated, Oh, forget this. I will check it out. Just hold the door open for me will you?
Gabriel pushed lightly on the obvious portal with a blue light around its edges. He passed through, then fell back into the chamber gasping and choking.
That is not it! Oh, Lord, that is not it! Thats the time of the Korean nuclear attack on the United States eastern coast. All I could see was devastation and burned American military armament. I bet I got a dose of radiation out of that one.
Okay, well thats why it was so quiet. The passages dont seem to be directly connected to places like Europe and only in Europe, but where there were things that we are never to forget, a reminder of things good and bad, mostly bad, guessed Noah.
What kind of sounds would you assume are associated with our time? asked Gabriel very warily.
It was very quiet too, but there were jets flying overhead, but and especially the stale smell of the church basement with all those musty roots and dirt. Like, now, like now! she exclaimed as the next door opened.
Gabriel was the first to go out and pulled Tyler with him while Noah stumbled along still not sure, but trusting Tylers instincts. Gabriel was almost beside himself as he pulled at Tyler with Noah huffing and puffing up the stairs.
Gabriel shouted, I am so glad to be home. Oh, Lord, I am so glad to be home! Come on girl. We got to tell everyone what we found out, right? Isnt this what it was all about, right?
Noah stopped Gabriel, No, lets not run off so half cocked. I have a funny feeling that the Eli might be getting in touch with us. They will find Araklba body soon enough, but you know, they may not.
Gabriel stopped in his tracks, What do you mean? Oh, yeah covered in ice and snow. Right? I see.
No, thats not what I mean. The Eli are a different people than what you ever have met. I was working on the Ark with them, and one of them fell off the roof. He smashed his head into some rocks, and I saw brain matter around him, and his body was all bent up. His people looked at him and just left him alone. I was petrified, but they werent. The next thing I know, hes getting up and brushing off his robes, then wiping off the blood from his face. He gets up and climbs back on the roof and continues to do his work. Im telling you that you might see Araklba sooner than you think.
You have got to be kidding. He will really be pissed. He will come after me for cutting his ropes like that. Got any suggestions?
Always have people around you, never be alone. I want you and my girl to stay together as much as possible. By the way, why dont you two get married so I dont have to explain your relationship to my children and get embarrassed about it all? Ok? 
Tyler, answered, Gabriel, what do you think? she asked snuggling close to him. Come on, boy? How can you resist an offer like that?
Gabriel squinted his eyes together, then said, Ive been trapped, but like it. When?
Now, came a couple of voices behind them while they walked out into the sanctuary of the church. 
Hey, sons, good to see you again. Had to use the tunnels a little bit. Hope you dont mind? replied Noah to his sons, Ham and Seth, the keepers of the secrets.
We saw you. Nothing gets by us much. Lets do the ceremony right now, if you like? Seth asked, and there was an agreement from the couple.
Your sons that came with you are Episcopal Priests? asked Gabriel. 
Yes, they are called the keepers of the secrets. Here you go; you can take care of the book for us.
Okay, his sons replied together.
Araklba on His Mission 
	Araklba finally made it down to the town and noticed the strange looks from the town people that he was without Gabriel or equipment. He moved into the lobby of the resort hotel and went directly for the phone. 
	Sam, youre not going to believe this! 
Well, I suspected it, replied Samlazaz. We are considering a safe place for Father to enter, without much notice. He is acting rather strange. He mentioned just making peace and not conquering this place. If he does that, the warriors will be fighting among them selves.
What! Peace, after what I just went through with that Gabriel creep. I dont want peace. I want to kill him. I dont know what to do with Noah.
You were assigned to kill him, and he got away. You always had a soft spot for him if I remember right.
Okay, I admit it, but I killed one of his sons, right? Did something right, right? He was always exceptionally kind to me. We used to talk a lot about our people. I really didnt expect him to invite us along. That was rather kind of him too.
He took kindly to you, and we all benefited from it. Now, he is just an inconvenient bother. His knowledge of us makes our decisions even more difficult, no matter how kind he was to you. Kindness and affection are loaded weaknesses, and you got it with both barrels.
What do you want me to do? asked Araklba regrettably.
I want you to find Gabriel and Noah, then let me know about them. Hold off killing them until this stuff with Father gets resolved. I will arrange for Father to come to earth, and I admit I am confused with a lot of mixed up feelings. I want peace, then I dont. I want to conquer, then I dont. Most of us are not built for peace; we are built for war although we have been living here in peace for thousands of years. There are more who will be for war than not. He would do well to think about that. He would not last very long with his peace talk. Too many would probably stand against him.

The Dark Side 
	Apollyon stood overseeing the bright crimson of hells domain speaking to Dar Raven, Dar Raven. We have so many of us left. If it had not been the flood, we would be much more. At least we have a toe hold into this world. I just wish we were not quite as obvious. I know our size is important, but we certainly are obvious. The only ones who ever stood against us were those of the Eli.
	Where did they go? They helped Noah build the ark, and I believe they were invited to go along with him. After that, they disappeared. They literally melted into the woodwork so to speak, answered Dar Raven.
	If it were not for our ability to start again, there would be so many more of us. We had to send thousands more of us back into the world to continue, then we had to wait for the world to repopulate enough to handle us. Like I said, we did okay. Weve done a pretty good job of keeping our heads low ourselves after all these years. Its time for a change.
	Are you ready? remarked Dar Raven in anticipation. 
Dar, isnt that what I have been talking about? Havent you been listening? Apollyon scolded. 
Dar Raven ducked his head in submission, Yes, yes, my bad. I am so ready!
His master was talking about full-out war against the inhabitants of earth after so long of being so hidden. They had corrupted governments and been working with armies in war and killing so long without anyone knowing who they were. Now, he was talking about being very obvious.
Will you want us to help our kindred children in doing this or just let them do it? asked Dar Raven knowing too much activity could cause heaven to get involved. He didnt want that. Who else would heaven use except their own? He couldnt imagine what they would do if heaven interfered. 
I see your distress, Dar Raven. Dont worry. The end time is not at hand. Heaven wont get involved. Matter fact, they probably wont care until its too late. I want our legions and your Nephilims to join together this time. Train and prepare our peoples to move as soon as possible.
Samlazaz ran his hands through his blonde hair and tucked the wings of their sides behind his ears while considering the next step. He called Bara and told him to send a message to his father about possible coorTylertes near Mount Ararat and a message that peace may not be the best answer for him, but ultimately would be nice. He needed to find a way to stop the Noah Clan from telling the world about them before it was too late. 
He picked up the phone and immediately called Araklba while knowing he was still there: he was.
Ive changed my mind. I want to go with you to find Noah. I want us to talk to him. We need to make sure that Father doesnt enter a world that is waiting for him to come. He doesnt need an ambush, no matter whether he wants peace or not. We need to close this door. Meet me in Britain in two days.
Oh great! I havent seen you in thousands of years. And, now, Britain! Ive just been stuck out here without a vacation. This is very exciting!
Araklba, this is not what I call exciting. Its just needful. Glad you feel like you might enjoy it. I will send a helicopter for you within a day. Just sleep out at the air terminal near the town. See you soon.    
Noah sat in his office fingering the craftsmanship of Araklba knife handle. He had fond memories of Araklba. If it hadnt been for him, hed never had given the Eli an opportunity to join the ark. He realized that it was probably a mistake. The Eli proved to be too bent on violence and rule. When they had difficulty managing the descendents of Noah, they just left. Noah thought it might have been Araklba that convinced them to leave and go somewhere else to start over, but he had heard from someone else that it was also Araklba, who had been assigned to kill him and his sons.
He had found his son, Japeth, dying after Araklba threw him off the mountain. Japeth told him that Araklba was going to try to kill him and his other sons. Araklba told Japeth that their people were leaving. They did so after gathering a group of Hebrew women to go with them. So Araklba was a friend, foe, friend; but Noah couldnt take any chances. Noah felt that the way he killed Japeth, by landing him in a large snow bank, was an attempt to let him stay alive long enough to warn Noah. 
Gabriel asked Noah while sipping on a hot cup of tea with Tyler draped around his shoulder, What do you want to do now?
Gabriel, the Eli left us because they couldnt live with us during my time. They wanted to rule, but you know us Jews, not very manageable. Well, they havent caused problems, and I dont know if they even still want to. Problem, Araklba told me enough about his world to know that his people were very violent and keen on war and conquering. You said Araklba said something about his father coming with his armies. Now, that is a bigger problem. But, I bet they cant do that without the Eli here giving support. I have a gut feeling that we just need to wait. Call it my keen intuition. Something interesting is getting ready to happen. So, we wait, like you said. In the mean time, you guys go on your honeymoon while I get ready for my classes. Anyway, this old man needs a nap. Not used to all this excitement. 
I see, so the flood wasnt exciting? spouted Gabriel.
Actually, it was, and I took a nap after it was over too, remarked Noah laughing.

Meeting Together
	Samlazaz and Araklba came walking through the Cambridge campus while Araklba spent more time looking at all the women than at the campus.
	Araklba, will you please keep it in your pants. How long has it been since you saw a pretty woman? 
	Well, Ive been at the mountain for at least 4000 years, the North side, then I was on the Southside for 1500 years, then I was
	Oh, never mind, just look all you want. Also, just enjoy wearing your jeans and sweatshirt in a warmer climate for a change.
	Im not enjoying my jeans as much as I am those in jeans around me. I had no idea how much the world had changed. This is absolutely wonderful. Why didnt you tell me about this?
	Maybe, I didnt tell you about it since I didnt want to distract you from your responsibilities.
	The heck with my responsibilities; Im resigning and moving here after all this is over. Youve been holding out on me. Im letting you go back to the mountain, not me.
	Araklba, stop drooling, talking, and please focus. We need to talk to Noah about keeping quiet. One way or another.
	Remind me again, why we arent just going to kill him? asked Araklba. He felt uneasy saying that since he was so fond of him, but he felt that Samlazaz wanted to hear that. To say he was confused about his Noahs feelings was an understatement.
	Somehow, I just feel we might need him for some reason, then father asked about the old ones too.
	You are starting to spend more time with your intuition and feelings, than you do with your brain. I thought I was the intuition guy?
	Watch it Araklba. You need to trust me. Leave the intuition to me for once. Ill let you kill him, but it may not be time now.
Noah was pointing to pictures of Jerusalem during the times of Emporer Ottoman while using his famous Araklba pointer when he saw Samlazaz and Araklba walking into the auditorium. He froze in mid-speech and just stared without moving.
	Samlazaz and Araklba came down the aisle, then sat in the front row while nodding with a smile. Araklba actually smiled with a delightful greeting as one would with meeting an old friend and felt that there was a certain enjoyment of seeing his old friend again. He just wanted to have a friendly hug from someone that years ago reminded him of his own father. It was that feeling that made him trust him so much before the flood. Samlazaz was different. He just nodded knowingly and did a wave up with his hand for him to continue. 
	Noah nodded back, smiled, then turned to his students, I want you to meet two of my old acquaintances that I have not seen in years. Samlazaz and Araklba. Would you mind standing, and saying hi.
	Samlazaz and Araklba were caught off guard by the greeting but turned to the students and waved. There was some clapping, then Noah jumped down to the auditorium floor and went to meet them. 
	I thought you might be coming by. It really is good to see you both again. Its like an old family reunion. So glad you are both still alive. I thought you might be. I understand your father is coming, right? I would love to meet him. His statement about his father caught Araklba by surprise. He knew who told him that.
	Gabriel? asked Araklba.
	He is fine, and so is the book. If you want, I will give it back to you. Its up to you. Its safe. Here their supposed enemy was offering to give back the very thing they were afraid of: exposure. Why? 
	I know thats why youre here. I have a funny feeling that the book is the least of our worries, dont you?
	Samlazaz understood immediately what Noah was saying, Ive had that funny feeling too. Do you really think the dark ones are coming?
	Noah put his finger up to his lips to be quieter, then turned to his students, Kids, make sure you spend the next couple days preparing for you presentations. Ill see you on Friday.
	The students didnt waste any time getting out for an early class break. Samlazaz, Araklba, and Noah stood around talking quietly about feelings and intuitions in something that was as far from reality than anything they had ever known.
	When you built the Ark, did you have feelings like this too? asked Samlazaz.
	Yes, exactly like this, but there was a voice, no voice this time, just my feelings. My entity, as you call him, likes intuitions and feelings too. I tend not to ignore these.
	I know nothing about your entity so I will just trust your feelings as well as mine.
	What does your father want to do? asked Noah simply.
	He wants peace, but I dont know if he can have peace without war, even war among our own. We have been warriors for so long that peace is not part of our vocabulary. To tell you the truth, Im a little confused about all this.
	If he wants war with us, you know I will have to expose you, replied Noah briskly.
	Araklba tensed thinking that Samlazaz might be getting ready to kill Noah on the spot, and he would have to help.
	You said to me once, enemy of my enemies are my friends.
	Well, yes, but intuition says the dark ones are coming, then we have your father coming too. How do they fit together because I dont believe in luck but in well-placed puzzle pieces. I believe these events are coming together at the same time for a reason.
	Okay, I want peace, but not with the dark ones. I want war with them. They must be destroyed. You have met Apollyon and been to his domain. Does he want peace? You want peace, I want peace, your father wants peace, but the dark ones do not. Sounds like we know what to do. Prepare for war, together in order to have peace.
	Where could our father come that his armies would not be noticed so much and where it would not cause an international catastrophe?
	The mountain, Noah spoke simply. 
	Yes, the mountain, answered Samlazaz and Araklba together.
	Where would the dark ones come? asked Noah.
	They all answered together, The mountain!
	Who would they bring? asked Samlazaz
	Everyone, including the red-eyed ones. Im sure they have made more of their kind since the flood. They were just set back a little by that.
	What about your entity? He must be sleeping, commented Samlazaz sarcastically.
	Not sleeping. I told you before that why should He do what we can do for ourselves. Dont you think that is why we are talking right now? These events were not by accident.
	Oh, sure, you entity did all this, responded Samlazaz, even more sarcastically.
	He allowed it, spouted back Noah.
	I wish he would allow himself to wake up and take care of it for us, stated Samlazaz regretfully.
	An us miss all the fun? You see, we are playing detective, playing peacemakers, playing friends, playing war, and playing victory. Now, we can play celebrate when it is over.
	How many of the Noah clan are there? asked Samlazaz.
	Thousands, but you see, you and I and your brethren here need not fight this battle only prepare for it. You father can let his warriors fight it. We can just manage it.
	Araklba came to life, Oh, my gosh, Sam. He is right. This is perfect. Father gets his war, father wins and gets peace, then so do all the rest of us. This is perfect!
	World wins, Eli wins, Noah Clan wins, the dark ones dont, commented Samlazaz in agreement.
	Could your entity have planned for the dark ones to come just as we suspect they are? Is your entity a master chess player?
	One of the best! commented Noah. Now, folks lets go have some lunch. Araklba, how long has it been since you had some fish and chips.
	Whats that? asked Araklba.
	My brother has been a little isolated for awhile. You might see him get a little distracted at times. He even resigned from the mountain assignment after seeing girls in tight jeans.
	Oh, goodness, then thats not all he will see them in or not in soon. The world has changed so much, Araklba. You have a lot of surprises in store for you. 
	Noah turned serious for a moment, My people are deep in politics. If we decide to join forces for this, then I am willing to pull all my political strings to let the world let us fight this battle. I am willing to make calls, and together, we can make a presentation to them, otherwise we would have every vested country around the mountain interfering.
	That sounds like a better plan. We are talking about making a deal with this world to let us have a place for our people if they let us fight this fight for them, right? I think we are all on track for something, now, commented Samlazaz.
	They all finally hugged and shook hands in agreement that felt better than killing, felt better than war, and felt far better than being enemies. This was all about working together for peace. Noah knew this was a Yahweh thing.

Gathering of the Dark Ones
	Send out the signal to gather. I want them to come to the mountain on the Turkish side so as not to be seen. I am trusting you that this will work. We have not bothered the red-eyed ones before this. This better work, he threatened Dar Raven.
	Dar Raven whispered to himself, I know. It better work.

Brothers
	Bob, do you feel any different since taking of the Nephilim oaths in the ceremony last night?
	Not really. I almost freaked out when my eyes started changing to those red-stars. You warned me, but it was just spooky. Does anyone just go crazy when that happens?
	Used to, but we try to prepare everyone as much as possible for the event. Our oath sounds like a Boy Scout promise, doesnt it?
	Kinda, I guess. I promise to preserve the peoples of the angels to keep and protect without questions all commandments of our forefathers and their intentions. I promise to give my life for the victory of leading all peoples towards our cause. Sounds like Im getting married, laughed Bob.
	Youre married alright, to the angels, for better or for worse, till death do you part.
	I noticed that I have certain abilities lately that creep up on me. Levitating a little is one of those, then I seem to have the ability to move my hands through walls and even disappear slightly. Are you familiar with any of this? 
	You are maturing as a Nephilim. We actually dont know many of the things that we can do. We are just discovering our abilities. Remember, our genetics are rooted in the angels themselves.
	Im curious, are we rooted in good angels or bad angels? Like light angels or dark angels? asked Bob and saw a stunned look on his brothers face.
	Ive thought about that before, but Ive never asked anyone. I guess I was afraid too. You dont seem that bad to me so I guess it doesnt matter, does it?
	Maybe, but what if according to our oath-promise, we are asked to do something bad, like kill someone. Do you think that we might be asked to do that? If it was a dark angel, we might. Or, we might even be asked to go to war, and it could be the wrong side. You see what I mean?
	I think you think too much. We are just special. Thats all. We should be proud of that. Ive never heard of any of us that have been asked to do anything at all, as matter fact.
	Ok, well, how about this. How would they ask us to do something anyway? Would they send us a text, call us, a letter, maybe even a telegram. You need to come and clean out the garage down the street. Be there in five minutes or else. 
	You are so funny. I really havent thought about any of this. Why dont we go talk to Mom?
	Hey, Mom, me and Doug got questions for you, Bob shouted, then heard his mom coming up from the laundry room with a basket of clothes in her hands.
	Really, well ask away, guys. Must be important to have you both asking questions at once, she laughed as she put down the basket, then placed her hands on her hips waiting. 
	Its about our real father, Doug barged in.
	His mom reached for the counter to support herself and felt her knees buckling. This is something that she wasnt prepared for. She did not want this conversation. She had already remarried, and their real father was seldom if anytime even mentioned. She didnt like to be reminded of what happened, and it happened twice.
	Mom, are you okay? asked Bob as he ran to her and supported her so she didnt go all the way to the floor.
	No, you arent supposed to ask me a question like that. Ive put those things behind me. Your real father is dead for all I know.
	But, Mom, I just did the oath, and my eyes are changing, and my father is an angel so what is so bad about that?
	Doug understood, He was a dark angel, wasnt he, Mom?
	Bob shouted, What! Oh, Lord, no Mom, no! He put his head in hands and shouted again.
	You two stop it! It was a mistake! I didnt know he was a dark angel until it after you both were born. How would I know a dark angel from another kind, anyway?
	You could have asked him, shouted Bob.
	He looked just like any other man, only better looking. He was some kind of eye candy. I was so young. I needed money and he offered to help me. Weve been given hundreds of thousands of dollars in support from him. How else could we afford this big place and I not work? He was a good supporter; and we needed it.
	How did you find out? asked Doug carefully.
	He came to me just after your births. He said that both of you would be asked to do something one day and that you couldnt refuse. He said for me to stand back, then he opened his dark wings right in front of me. He said that when the time was right if you refused to do what they wanted that they would kill you and me. I couldnt believe my eyes. He was terrible looking with black eyes like the devil himself, then he took me to hell itself and showed me it all, the pain, the fire, the smoke, the screaming. He told me that he would kill us, then take us to hell himself if we disobeyed him. I was so scared that I couldnt even breathe. I am so scared now. But, they have never asked anything of us so it must not be true.
	Bob sunk to the floor and cried, What did you do to us? Oh, Lord, what did you do to us?
	Doug picked Bob up and leaned into him, then ordered him to stop, Stop, we are all in this together. How could Mom know? Its not her fault. I agree with her. No one has asked anything of us, so whats the worry?

Gather My Nephilims
	Apollyon ordered Dar Raven, Gather my Nephilims! Bring them to the mountain. 
	The game was on the last final minutes as the countdown ticked away with the Miami Heat and the Lakers pressing each other all the way to the clock. In a free-throw moment, the Lakers team captain, Oscar Thurman, stopped in his tracks; he threw down the ball, slapped at his head like he was knocking out the dust, then walked off the court. Just as he did, so did two others from the Miami Heat. As they went to their locker rooms, their coaches were yelling at them to get back into the game.
	Oscar, what are you doing? Get back in the game! his coach yelled.
	Im going to the gathering, why? Oscar answered very matter-of-factly.
	What in the heck is the gathering? Are you going to another team? What is going on?!
	I have been called to go. To the mountain. I must go. I made an oath. I have to go, now get out of my way! 
	Listen, you six-fingered freak. You have a contract with us, the heck with some lousy oath. What kind of lame excuse is this for quitting? We will sue your pants off for this! You will never play pro ball again, do you understand me?
	Well see. I know that if I do not go to the mountain that I and my family will be killed. I have to go! he said flatly again.
	With us, you will just wish you were dead! Now get out of here! Go to your dang mountain. I hope its worth it, answered the coach as he ran back to the game, then ran into the other teams coach.
	Coach Timmer, did you get the same kind of crap that I got about the mountain? asked Joshua.
	Same, was the answer.
	Whats going on?
	I dont know, but my guys said that if they didnt go they and their families would be killed. Who do we call about this? he asked.
	I dont know. Im calling the FBI. Our guys have been threatened by someone other than us. This is some kind of serious business!
	Im in! Now, lets go play ball! they agreed and shook hands, then slapped each others back.

The Presenter
	The business presentation was quite in its final moments as the young executive stood pointing to the comparative figures demonstrated on a smart board. His trim looks were accented by his tall and athlete height, the prefect business presenter for the perfect stereo-typed business deal. Perfect, then suddenly he stopped in mid-stream. There was a confused look on his face and an almost a glazed look in his eyes. He put down his pointer and walked towards the conference room door.
	He turned to the audience, Ive been called to duty. If you need me, I will be at the mountain.

Doug and Bob
	Bob and Doug looked at each other at the same time. It was obvious that they had been wrong. They looked at their mother at breakfast at the same time. 
	Their mother was stunned, Youve been called, havent you?
	They answered yes at the same time, then took another bite of their breakfast, wiped their mouths, went together to the cookie jar, and got all the cash, then divided it between them. 
	We are going to the mountain. Its near Turkey. We wont be seeing you again. Im afraid we wont be coming back, commented Doug with a knowing nod between them. 
	You dont have to worry about yourself. They wont bother you once we show up, commented Bob lowering his voice to sound more manly.
	Noooooooo! screamed their mother.
	They walked out, got in Dougs car, and drove to the airport. 
	Bob asked Doug, That is the strangest thing that has ever happened to me. I felt like someone put a radio in my head. It was so loud that I couldnt even hear myself think. What do you think we are going to do when we get there?
	Doug answered, I know, but I dont think you are going to like it. Have you every fired a gun?
	You have to be kidding! Who are we going to shoot at?
	Everyone they tell us too, Doug answered.
	Will they shoot back? Bob continued.
	We arent coming back. I know it in my heart. Im sorry, Bro. We all were wrong.
	I hate being wrong,
	Me too.
The Wrestling Match 
	It was between the two largest contenders: the twins of wrestling: brother against brother. One chair went over the head of the other, then there was the famous head butt that knocked them both to the mat. They faced each other and growled, then stopped. 
	One said to the other, Did you hear that?
	Yes, Bro!
	So, did I! 
	The mountain, right?
	Right!
	Lets go!
	The two jumped out of the ring and walked calmly past the angry audience, then all of a sudden another wrestler charged at them shouting that they were cowards. 
	They looked at each other, then agreed, Lets show them who we really are.
	They both popped off their contacts, and the red-star eyes broke into the minds of everyone that saw them. They looked more like ghastly ghouls, then the audience applauded while the other wrestler backed away not understanding any of it.
	Where are you going? asked the other wrestler.
	To the mountain, they answered together, then walked out, got in a cab, and went to the airport. 
 

Football
	It was in the last inning of the Super Bowl. The teams were matched point for point. They needed the goal kicker point to edge away. The kicker put the ball in position, then in a sudden moment reached down and picked up the ball and threw it into the crowd. After, he walked calmly out of the stadium and got a cab to the airport. 
	Two fullbacks and the quarterback from the other team walked off the field and into the locker room, then out of the stadium while coaches were trying to find them to no avail. 

Air Port Chaos
	The airports were stacked up with passengers requesting passage to Turkey. There were so many requests that airlines diverted other planes to Istanbul and other close locations. It was hard to imagine the number of people zooming in on such a small location in the middle of nowhere. There was so much traffic being diverted that the arrivals in Istanbul were arriving every 15 minutes, gassing up, and leaving while others stacked up behind them. Passengers were coming in without luggage and without enough money to get back, just enough to get there. There was a complete disregard for amenities except getting there. Finally, buses, cars, motorcycles, and every method of transportation was used from people coming in from all over the world. Around the mountain were thousands upon thousands of pup tents, and where there were no shelters people slept out on the ground even though the evening average temperatures were 40 to 50 degrees. 
Food was being brought in by truck loads by unusually large men with dark black eyes offering supplies. These places were like large cities, even heavily populated cities, cities of red-eyed Nephilims, like a country of red-eyed Nephilims. Finally, the number of Nephilims reached over a million and was growing. It was expected that the number would be almost three million by the time it was over, but they were wrong. It would be much more. 
	The dark ones started handing out weapons. The weapons of choice were M16s and AK 47s along with rocket launchers, special 45-caliber, 1911 Colt Pistols. There was a cry from surrounding countries in fear of this manmade invasion armed with so much fire power. No one knew exactly what to do with them. Russia, Turkey, and Iran were sending troops to the area to defend their borders once they found out about the arming. All of a sudden, there were the hordes of dark ones without their wings showing up. They came at night and infiltrated, then saddled up next to the Nephilims. It started at a hundred thousand a day, but now in one week it had come up to another five million and the total of all reached ten million. The governments of the world sent ambassadors into the area pleading for explanation but got none. 



The Alliance of Power
	Noah, his people, as well as Samlazaz, watched the ongoing crisis developing knowing what was going to happen. Noah turned off the T.V., then turned to his Eli friends knowing what they needed to do. 
	Samlazaz commented, This is exactly what we thought would happen. They are preparing to attack the earth. This is something like we would do when we invade worlds: exactly, the same way. Tell me about this United Nations family and your influence in politics of yours, Noah.
	Noah dived into his plan, I can call my family in every area of international politics. I can have them in Paris within 24 hours. These are going to be my children we are talking about. Trust me. My children are into everything, and I can get them in line with what we want. Trust me. We are going to beg them to let us work with your father to defend us. We are going to do exactly what you want, give you a chance to prove yourselves in exchange for asylum. You mentioned that youre certain that your father will agree to this. We must move fast. I want to meet in Paris in the morning. I want you and Araklba to come. We have to convince them to let us do this.
	Agreed, this is the only way. If they want war, then the Blue Eli will give them war. War against the dark ones and their children.
	I am sorry for the red-eye ones. They have done nothing to deserve dying like this, commented Noah remorsefully. 
	Maybe, depending on the battle, whoever shows up on the front line, then we can change the dynamics of the battle. Those red eyes will have weapons, but so do we. We dont always fight with just axe and swords. If we can get them to run, then we will be faced with just the dark-winged ones, then we can do our work. Im sorry, but I get excited about battle. We Eli are just made that way.
	Both Samlazaz and Araklba were clenching their fists while talking about fighting in a way that showed just how much the thought of battle was exciting them. They were like race horses preparing to charge out of the gate. 

The President
	The White House security took the first call from Noah for the President as if it were a joke. Finally, after numerous tries, the Press Secretary approached the President and asked a simple question, We are receiving numerous calls from someone at Cambridge that says he is your father. He is asking to speak to you. We have fended off all of them, but he wont stop. He has called at least 15 times in the last hour. Sir, I thought you father died years ago.
	The President froze in his tracks, It was convenient to say he died, but Im sorry, my mother married several times before she died. My real father is a professor at Cambridge. You might do good to let me talk to him as soon as possible.
	The Press Secretary swallowed hard at his discovery and ran to the switchboard to see if he could retrieve the Professors call. He is on the line, Sir.
	Ill take this in my chambers. Leave me completely alone! he ordered as the Press Secretary bowed in submission and embarrassment. 
	Pops, long time no talk, except Fathers day, right? This must be important, he mentioned as he sat in his Oval Office while looking around to see if there was any indication of ease droppers. 
	Son, we have a crisis. I am calling all my political children for a meeting in Paris within 24 hours. The dark ones are going to attack with their Nephilim children. They arent going to wait until the Valley of Armageddon. This is serious. I also have the Blue Eli that can come and help us in exchange for a place of safety if we let them fight our battle. We are talking about possibilities of millions of soldiers on both sides getting ready for a battle. Please get here as soon as possible.
	Oh, Dad, you really got me stuck in the middle of this, dont you? I trust your instincts. Always have. How can I say no to Noah of the Ark? he laughed as he pulled his appointment book out and lined off all his appointments, then pressed a button to order his Press Secretary into his office. 
	See you later, Dad. Ill be there! he announced.
	Bob, make ready Air Force One for a flight to Paris. I want to leave within an hour. I dont want anyone to know where Im going. This is serious! Give me a couple days.
	Bob nodded and made arrangements along with making sure all appointments for the next couple days were cancelledreason, family matters. He shook his head in misunderstanding, but did it anyway. 

Paris
	Limousines were waiting and took them into protected meeting room deep within the citys center, an ancient conference room deep within the catacombs. As they moved to the large conference room, there were dignitaries from every nation sitting quietly waiting for Noahs arrival. Two hundred dignitaries were sitting around the large conference room without any knowledge of the specific reasons why they had been called except the President of the United States. They had been personally called by Noah without explanation except to be there.
	Noah walked in, and everyone stood up at his entrance. It was almost comical to see Noah between his seven-foot Eli friends looking for the most part like giants and making Noah look  dwarfish in comparison. Ham and Seth followed them closely from behind. One by one, Noah met each one and shook their hands in a personal greeting while his Eli friends waited patiently. As the greetings took place, Araklba and Samlazaz smiled at each other at the exchange. It was obvious that old Noah had been very busy with his 66 wives. 
	President, welcome, he said simply greeting the President of the United States.
	Pops, good to see you again, the President answered.
	Prime minister, nodded Noah to the French Prime Minister.
	Dad, good to see you. I hope this is as important as you said, he stated.
	One by one, Noah shook hands with each of the 200 at the meeting, and it was exactly the same, Pops, Dad, and Father, over and over again. All 200 were Noahs sons and were there, ready for action. 
	Noah stood to address the assembly, Children, I would not have called you here unless this was serious. When you were growing up, I told you the stories of the Blue Eli and those that the flood destroyed called the men of renown. There are indications that the dark-winged ones are getting ready with their red-eyed Nephilim children to attack the world as we know it today. The news is full of the red-eyed ones arriving at Turkey near Mount Ararat. Also, the Blue Eli are wanting to come to our earth and want to receive sanctuary; but in exchange, they are willing to fight and war against the dark ones for us. I believe this is a fair exchange, and I have brought two of their top officers, sons of the leader of their people with me who are willing to vouch for their intentions. 
	Noah nodded, then continued, As you know, when I was building the ark, Yahweh told me to build it to destroy the Anakim or the men of renown, who were children born from the dark angels and our Hebrew women. At this time, the Blue Eli came in small numbers who had escaped from their world seeking sanctuary in our world. I invited them on the ark to help them survive. I had sometimes thought that this was a mistake, but now see the wisdom of that decision. Let them fight this fight for us, then none of your people or armies need do anything except help us find a place for them in our world. 
The German ambassador asked, Dad, what guarantee do we have that the Eli will not turn on us and make war? There were several nods in agreement of his comment.
	Samlazaz answered angrily, I resent that. We are a ruthless and a bloody, war-like people; but we never use deceit or lies to get what we want. We want a place to live. Our world was destroyed by dark matter. We need your help, and you need ours. I offer myself and my brother as prisoners until this battle is over as collateral if you want. There are none as important to Lamel, our own father, and leader of our peoples, than we are.
	I will vouch for my friends. I ask you as your father, to go back to your peoples and make this happen for the world. I have never asked you for anything before. Many of you have benefited from my heritage. Some of you are thousands of years old just like me. You have benefited from my deal with Yahweh, and I now ask for you to return this favor. I would ask that when the battle takes place that I and my friends here be there to watch it take place. I would like to add that there is talk of a nuclear attack from Russia if the armies of the red-eyed ones begin to move into and towards their territories. The same sentiment has been given from Iran and Iraq. Lets stop that possibility by doing it this way.
	Son, I am speaking directly to you on that one. Dont let your country use their nukes on this situation, okay, Comrade Lutin.
	Lutin answered, Yes, Dad, I will do everything I can to stop that kind of action.
	Mohammed Ashtarbeni, son, I ask you to do the same with your country in Iran.
	Yes, Father, I will reign in my hardliners. You have never stopped your children from being everything they could be in spite of our choices with religion and politics. Thank you for that.
	You are right, young man, I have never done that. I have always asked that you respect me and treasure the gift of long life given to all of you as a result of my dealings with our Creator.
	I am bothered by this request, spouted the Iraqi President. You should not put us in a position to do this.
	Son, you were always such an impulsive child and almost a rebellious one. Your mother was one of my best wives. Her spunky nature is what I see in you, but ask yourself, What would your mom want? She worshipped life, not death. I believe if you truly do that, then you will decide that not involving the worlds armies in a major conflict is the best route to take. None of us want more bloodshed on our hands. None of us want any more of our children to die.
	Noah spoke in a commanding tone, As I always asked you to do at supper table, let us bow our heads and ask for peace, wisdom, and safety in this time of terrible crisis!
	All of his children bowed their heads in their own way and waited to hear Noah say, Amen.
	They answered in unison in response, Amen! 
Samlazaz whispered to Noah, Yes, we want to see the battle. We want to watch our people destroy the dark-winged ones and their red-eyed monsters. Yes, good idea.
	The French Prime minister spoke to the group, We will give you an answer within the hour. What do you need to bring your armies to earth?
	Samlazaz answered, CoorTylertes and room, lots of room! We will have millions in our armies. Hopefully, more than the dark-winged ones can manage.
	Within that hour, Noah knelt on the floor of the conference room in prayer. Strangely, out of respect, the Eli also knelt beside him and put their hands on his shoulders in support. There was disagreement even among Noahs sons, but the decision was made to let the Eli fight their battle as long as a larger group of nations could stand by armed and ready to intervene if the Eli failed or if the Eli attempted any other armed aggression against anyone else. 

Blue Eli Coming
	Tell Bara to communicate with our father about this situation. I guessed it would be okay from other messages and to come in hot. Tell him about the red-eyed ones and their dark-winged masters. We still need to confirm the coorTylertes.
	Bara sent an urgent message to Lamel, When can you come, the dark ones are getting ready to attack. 
	Soon, Lamel answered.
	Lamel was concerned about the entity, What about Noahs entity?
	 Bara answered, No one has seen or heard from him in a long time, almost forever. He must be asleep.
	Lamel asked, Are the dark-winged ones the ones who apposed the entity from their place of heat and fire?
	Bara answered, Yes, the dark Lords of the underworld, and their children, millions of them. Practically, five million. Wall to wall. All together, ten million.
	Lamel answered, We are ready, and we are very excited! We get our war, then we get our peace. War and peace at the same time; this is wonderful fun! Now, send me the coorTylertes!
	Bara was getting ready to send some coorTylertes but hesitated. He needed to make sure nothing had changed. He called Samlazaz and asked again, Please confirm the coorTylertes. We dont need to be making a mistake. Lamel mentioned that the new commander orb must now have a permanent structure around it. After that, it doesnt matter.
	Noah, replied Samlazaz, We need to confirm the coorTylertes. We need a place to receive a large commander orb, at least a seventy-five feet in diameter, but it has to have structure around it. After that, the other orbs will follow the orb trail, then they wont get loose or we wont lose them like bouncing balls. Where on that mountain can that happen?
	The Ark, replied Noah.
	The Ark, what are you talking about? That old boat is in pieces caught in the ice.
	Is that what you think? Well, it is 120 feet long and three stories high. It is the portal structure that can bring all of your people through. You have to trust me. Youre not the only one who knows about portals, you know. When I was praying at the conference, I heard Yahweh tell me to let you come through there. Its interesting to think about fate that the ark is as much to save us then as it is to save us now. I was told that the heat of your entry will open it from the ice with the first orb, and it will rise above the ice just right for the rest. I guess we have been so busy talking about whether to do something or not that we forgot about the details, my bad, as a squirrelly student called Courtney used to say, Awwwkwwward!  
	Send a text to Bara. Give him the Ark coorTylertes. Tell Father that the weapons of technology are here. This is not going to be easy but to bring all our warriors.
	Bara got the text and sent the information to Lamel with a curt answer, Our weapons are also updated. We dont sling battle axes anymore unless you want us too. Watch and learn. Be there soon. 

Dar Raven Orders Attack
	Apollyons armies moved their massive units of men and weapons towards the Russia border, then spread deliberately towards Iran. Every country had heard ten million, but no one really understood what this meant in real terms of size. The massiveness of the numbers shocked all the countries. This was more than anyone could ever imagine. How could such a large army be formed, but soon they would find out just how difficult it would be to fight the dark ones.

The Ark
	Noah stood with his Eli friends overlooking the glacier that held the Ark locked in its ice. From their vantage point, they could see the shadow of the hulls and numerous windows with only the  wood from the bowspirit sticking out of the ice. As the commander orb made its way through, the ice started melting at a furious rate. Water came bubbling up around the ark, then as it shook the weight of the ice from itself, it floated to the surface. Its size was almost overwhelming. It was a technological feat of building for any time, no less a time of Noahs. Noah felt the pride and assurance that he had made the right decision to befriend the Eli so many years ago. It was all coming together: the perfect plan with the perfect ending. 
	The giant orb pushed through the sides of the ark leaving a perfect hole above the water line for other smaller orbs to follow. It rolled out onto the ice over a thousand feet away before stopping. Soldiers jumped into action and rolled it another thousand feet away to make room for the others, then they came, so many it was impossible to count them. Once all the soldiers and supplies were out of the orbs, all the orbs disappeared as if they had never been there. 
	Lamel moved briskly toward his sons, then started running to them. He felt overjoyed that they were here at last. Tears ran down his face, then his sons buried their faces into his chest as they all cried openly. The minute Lamel breathed the earth air he could feel his energy came back in leaps and bounds as if his body were mending more than usual.
	This is Noah of the Noah Clan, father, he is our friend and a friend of the entity you talked about.
	Really, well any friend of the entity needs to be a friend of mine. Where are the enemies?
	They are on the other side of the mountain. They have just started moving into position attacking on two fronts. The countries dont know what to do with such a big army; but as Bara told you, they have agreed to let you fight for us in exchange for sanctuary on our world. There are ten million of them, and at least half of them are the dark ones. They are hard to kill. Some say they are immortal as many say we are. Shall we see?
	We have now weapons that you have never seen before. I promise we wont forget to skin them when we get a chance. Old habits are hard to break, spoke Lamel.
	Works for me, replied Samlazaz followed by agreeing nods from Noah and Araklba.

Apollyon Sees
	What in the world is happening on the other side of the mountain? Who are those armies? There must be millions of them, asked Dar Raven.
Apollyon answered, They are the Blue Eli. Remember them? This is exactly what I was afraid of. Turn your people around. We must meet them and defeat them first.
	Dar Raven stated, They are probably using axes still. They cant stand against our technology.
	You better hope so. They might still enjoy skinning. Youd better hope not.
	It would take us years to recover from that just like what happens when we are mutilated.
	Better protect your scalp, suggested Apollyon.
	The dark ones turned immediately and moved back from the major borders and headed to the North side of the Mountain. When the dark ones saw the Blue Eli armies, it shocked them. All they saw were millions upon millions of bright blue steel reflecting in the afternoon sun. It was dazzling and almost confusing to look at. The Blue Eli were as tall and even magnificent to look at. This was not going to be easy. In fact, some dark angels were regretting this day. This is not what they signed up for. They moved in front of the red-eyed ones pushing them back by almost five miles asking them to wait. This had to be handled by Apollyons forces first. 
	The Blue Eli marched in solid lines covering the ravines and hard rock of the mountain so much so that one could see the ground. There was nothing but a sea of blue. The dark ones covered their own terrain shoulder to shoulder, then pulled out their own swords combined with their automated weapons. They werent as used to the technology of these weapons as were the red-eyed ones.
	The Blue Eli stood still and waited, not moving a twitch. Dar Raven lead the charge directly to the Blue Eli with the screams of his men rocking the mountain, but the Blue Eli stood still. The dark ones flooded toward their main line, but nothing was happening, then within a hundred feet from the Blue Eli frontline, the Eli opened fire, blue light shot from their weapons and literally melted the attacking army into pools of dark sludge. They didnt stop firing until several million dark ones were like ink spots. Dar Raven groaned from the onslaught. 
	Apollyon said, I wasnt expecting this. There is no repairing from that. This is very bad. Over run them, dont stop!
	Dar Raven asked, Are you sure? I think we need to rethink this.
	Stop being a coward and fight them, ordered Apollyon.
	The Blue Eli stopped firing and stood still again. Nothing was happening, except there was the sound of metal on metal as they pulled old fashioned swords and clanked their six-foot battle axes together in a chant that sent chills down the spines of Dar- Ravens men. 
	The chant coinciding with the loud clanking was only one word, BLOOD! BLOOD! BLOOD! BLOOD!
	A dark one spoke skeptically to Dar-Raven, Are these the ones who skinned those red-eyes thousands of years ago? The ones who hung their scalps from their belt loops? The ones who refused to join us? The ones who claimed that they are the rulers of darkness and conquerors of worlds?
	Yes, and your point is, answered Dar Raven quietly.	Actually, that is what I was afraid you were going to say, answered the dark one while swallowing hard and running his fingers through his hair subconsciously.
	It didnt take long before that information rippled through the army. Some found some old hats in their backpacks while screwing them down on their heads as if that might help if something happened. It wouldnt. 
	Then, it came, the charge, so fierce and fast that the Blue Eli seemed to be running more like fierce lions, and their war screams were startling, earth shattering. When they ran, they sprinted with legs and arms pumping without regard of anything except speed. 
	Dar Raven looked back at his men, who had stopped for a second looking at the black spots all over their war boots knowing that it was from their friends and comrades. Dar Raven rolled his eyes upward and shouted to attack.
	No mercy! he shouted.
	Several of the dark ones commented, You need to tell them that.
	I heard that, commented Dar Raven.
	The Blue Eli finally came into direct contact with the dark ones, and the dark ones technology didnt help. The Eli armor was too strong. Bullets kept bouncing off them. The clashing of the metal was outstandingly loud, then battle axes cut through the dark ones as they laid them open and cut them in two. The Eli literally ran right over the tops of the dark ones managing to over run them deep into their lines. Dar Raven watched as groups of the  Eli were taking their time to skin his army. How could they do that, but they were taking their time. Millions of dark ones were slaughtered and pushed back for miles. There was no accounting for the slaughter. The Eli who had fallen laid still, then Apollyon noticed that even those with mortal wounds after only minutes seemed to heal and get up and fight again. These were more like them than any they had ever encountered. It was looking more like the tide was shifting against Apollyon, then he ordered the red-eyed ones to help.
	It started as a little rebellion, then thousands upon thousands threw down their weapons and ran as fast they could away from the chaos. They werent getting skinned for anyone. Within minutes, there wasnt a single red-eyed left to fight; it was only the dark ones. 
	Doug and Bob were with others running away after throwing down their weapons. They screamed at several Eli had pushed through the mayhem and were catching them, We are unarmed! We are unarmed!
	The Eli soldiers stopped for a minute, then considered why being unarmed should mean anything in war. It never had mattered before. 
	The Eli spoke between themselves, They are too easy. I dont need easy. I want hard. I want a fight, not running after some scared little rabbits! 
	Several red-eyes ran past them and heard their statement, then yelled, We are rabbits! We are scared little rabbits!
	The Eli turned back to the flank of the dark ones and started picking bigger targets. They commented in the fray between themselves, Now, this is more like it!
	Dar Raven, send all of them in, dont stop. They are healing like us. Dar Raven, do something. All of the world and heaven is watching.
	You do something if you can. I think we have met our match. Open a door for us to go back. We are losing and losing badly. My army is starting to run away. My God, we are being slaughtered, skinned, and scalped. Do you understand?!
	Dar Raven yelled at his men, Fight! Charge! Fight!
	His men turned to him and threw down their weapons, You fight, you charge! We are out of here.
	The dark ones opened up their wings and shot upwards. They looked down on the battle field and saw the Eli cutting the wings off their own and draping the wings around their shoulders as victory trophies.
	Dark angels were begging for mercy but getting none. In all of their history even with battles with light angels did they ever confront such viciousness. There is no wonder these Eli were the rulers of the worlds.
	Dar Raven grabbed several of his best men, You arent going anywhere. We are going to lead the charge!
	A dark one answered, Id rather go back to hell!
	Dar Raven shouted, Then, let me help you! He swung his sword cutting the angels head off in one swipe. With that, a small group decided to follow Dar Raven. They were near the front line and cut their way through the Eli managing to make themselves noticeable by the Eli commanders. 
	Lamel noticed too, That group is doing too much damage. Send me your best men to stop them. No technology. Do it the old fashioned way! 
Araklba shouted, That is Dar Raven, Samlazaz!
Samlazaz immediately pulled out his sword and dived into the fray pushing his own soldiers and dark ones aside to get to Dar Raven. Dar Raven saw him coming and stopped for a second with a slight smile and a growl. 
As Samlazaz ran towards Dar Raven with his sword poised, then other dark ones tried to surround him before reaching Dar Raven. 
Dar Raven ordered them, He is mine. I can fight my own battles.
Dar Raven accused him, Your kind has done this to us! Your kind doesnt belong on earth! Your kind has messed this up for all of us! I asked my master to kill you when you were with us in hell, and he would not let me! He was afraid of your kind, but I am not!
I will enjoy skinning you myself without help from anyone. I will wear your scalp on my belt for the next 5000 years, as long as I live! Yes, you should have killed me, then!
Dar Raven swung his sword in a vicious circle that caught Samlazaz across the stomach leaving a wide gash. Dar Raven felt victorious until the gash healed on the spot in an instant. Dar Raven thought how bad a sign this really was. How could they be so much like his own? 
Samlazaz saw the shock in Dar Ravens face, then ran his finger across his stomach with a lick of blood and tasted it humorously. I guess you didnt know as much about us as you thought, did you? 
Samlazaz attacked with moves that were completely unknown to Dar Raven. Samlazaz would swing, then roll, block, then swing with such force that if Dar Raven had done that his arms would have come loose from their sockets. Samlazazs strength and agility were confusing to Dar Raven. Still, Dar Raven managed to fend off Samlazaz and was learning from every swing about his style. 
Samlazaz had another idea. He faked a frontal attack while moving aside just as Dar Raven lunged for the opening, then brought his sword down on the top hump of Dar Ravens wings. His wings fell to the ground leaving bloody stumps on his back. 
Samlazaz challenged, Cant fly away. Got to finish this.
Dar Raven was so surprised that he stood transfixed by the wing mess at his feet. That was just enough to Samlazaz to low cut to Dar Ravens legs severing them from his knee caps. 
Dar Raven pulled his sword free and tried to lunge on his own sword through his heart in a suicide move, not wanting to take a chance of being alive when he was skinned. Samlazaz stopped the move with a thunderous cut to Dar Ravens sword that flung it high into the air above them and clattered to the ground in pieces.
Samlazaz screamed, I dont want all the fun! Skinning! All come!
Samlazaz took his short sword and cut Dar Ravens scalp from front to back, then picked up his wings in a victory stand. Dar Ravens small group ran for their lives and jumped into the air before they could be caught in the same way. The Eli swarmed Dar Raven as he screamed to get away. It didnt take but five minutes before they were done. 
As he lay on the ground, he heard Apollyon speaking to him, You have failed! I will not bring you back here. I will let you rot on the field of battle. You are on your own.
	Noah stood almost sick from the carnage, but admired the warrior skill of the Eli. He had watched as the battle with Dar Raven took place. Lamel laughed at his sons victory and knew they would talk about this fight for eons to come. This was one of the best battles they had ever fought. This was a great battle to end all battles before peace. It was their way of going out with a bang. This was true victory in every way. 
	Lamel spoke to Noah. You know that new technology is not used that much. Wed rather do it the old fashioned way.
	Oh, well, guys have to have some fun, right? replied Noah and watched all of them laughing at his comment.
	Samlazaz asked Noah, Noah, where is your entity?
	Told you before, Samlazaz. He lets us do for ourselves when He can. I think we proved that today.
	Lamel stated, I rather like that idea. Did you tell me that these creatures heal and go back to their domain too?
	Noah replied, Yes, they do, but Im sure it is going to take a while for them to get over this one.
	The red-eyes saw the full retreat of the dark ones as they disappeared back into their world. They had run over ten miles away from the field of battle by the time the United Nations swooped in to keep them confined. The international community had already decided that they would be taken home to their appropriate countries. No charges would be filed. All of them would have to wear location ankle bracelets for the rest of their lives, but at least, they were allowed to live. 
They stood and looked at each other not understanding why they were there. They felt they were in a trance of some kind. Now, they had been released from the oath; the oath was broken. If Apollyon couldnt rely on his own, how could he hold the red-eyed ones accountable? Apollyon released them. He regretted this mess. He just wanted to get over it and put it behind him. He thought also that this wasnt even a battle for the end times. This was just bad timing. He would just have to try again later. Apollyon also decided that he would have to try to send his dark ones back into the world one at a time to corrupt all societies his way using them like shadows, hard to see.  
	Noah turned to Lamel as they watched their people helping each other while overlooking the injured as they moved them to quiet places to heal and repair. 
Noah commented, Welcome, Lamel, of the Blue Eli, you are home with us now.
	Am I part of the Noah Clan, now? asked Lamel jokingly.
	Not, quite, but getting close, laughed Noah.
	Lamel breathed deeply and felt no pain. He felt energized and thought maybe this place was doing something for him. He breathed again, I think that your air is better than any place I have known. I had a problem, but it doesnt even hurt anymore. 
	The world was celebrating the invitation of the Blue Eli. They were so elated that they didnt have to worry about the dark ones anymore; such a grand experience from such a bad situation.
	Once the red-eyed ones went home, then something happened, their red-eyes disappeared. The dark Nephilims of old were no more. 
	As Noah, Lamel, Araklba, and Samlazaz stood overseeing the battle field, there was a spark of intuition that struck all of them in such a way that they all felt they had been shocked or zapped by something.
	Lamel commented, What in the heck was that?
	I felt that too, said Araklba.
	Oh, I bet I know what that was, laughed Samlazaz.	You do, then Sam, tell us what it was, laughed Noah.	Your entity, commented Samlazaz.
	Lamel shook his head, Really, well you cant ignore that. 	Sam, tell us about that message, please, asked Noah.	I will, replied Araklba. The message was that Apollyon, which I believe is the name of the dark fire lord, is going to send his dark ones back to earth to infiltrate and corrupt us all, one at a time, right? Also, they will be like shadows.
	Noah answered, Absolutely.
	Lamel suggested, Well, guys, I think that we all might form a small group to hunt those dark ones down before they cause too much trouble. What do you all say?
	Noah considered, How about your sons along with Tyler and Gabriel. You four could do a lot of good tracking them down.	Gabriel? groaned Araklba. The mystery hunter?
	Yes, and his wife, my daughter, Tyler, he remarked knowing why Araklba groaned so as he popped his neck sideways remembering the fall.
	Okay, but dont you think you need to ask them about that first? suggested Lamel. Are you two in on this if they say yes?
	Araklba groaned again, I have some words for Gabriel, first.
	Samlazaz laughed, Yes, I bet you do. But, I am in and it should be fun.
	Noah skyped them; and as they appeared on his screen, he replied, Kids, I have a couple folks that I want you to meet. Here is Lamel the father of Araklba and Samlazaz. We are talking about forming a little group to hunt down the dark ones who try to infiltrate back into our world. We believe that they will be like shadows so difficult will it be to find them. Do you want to help us?
	Gabriel was standing behind a large chair while Tyler sat in front of the screen. When he heard Araklbas name, he ducked behind it. 
	They all heard him whisper, Im not here. Im not here. Araklba is going to kill me.
	Lamel heard it to. Araklba, do you and Gabriel have some history that I dont know about?
	Araklba bristled, Yes, he almost killed me. He buried me in ten feet of ice and snow, then left me for dead.
	Oh, son, you mean that you would openly admit what that little guy did to you? Certainly, that is not the case, laughed  Lamel, then poked at Araklbas sides. 
	Gabriel stood up, Araklba, I am sorry for doing that. If I hadnt done that I wouldnt be here today. You would have killed me. Okay, I wont tell anyone what I did to you if you wont try to kill me again. Okay?
	Lamel slapped Araklba on the shoulder, I think my son is willing to do that, arent you, boy?
	Araklba finally said something, I have to admire you for that. That is exactly what I would have done in your place. I promise not to kill you. Please dont tell any of my people what you did, okay?
	Lamel laughed openly, I think that we have a deal, guys. Shall we agree on getting together on this?
	Agreed, they all said together.
	Araklba asked, What shall we name our group?	
Samlazaz rolled his eyes at the silliness of the suggestion, then answered sarcastically, The Wing Seekers.
	Wow, stated Lamel. That is really catchy.
	How about just The Seekers, okay? Noah suggested
	Tyler stated, Didnt you hear a message that talked about them being like shadows?
	They all nodded yes.
	How about the Shadow Seekers?
	Now, that is what I call a name, The Shadow Seekers, commented Lamel.
	Yes, they answered in unison. 


