Scarred Hearts Series
Book One
Mangled Hearts
Felicia Tatum
Smashwords Edition
Copyright  2014 Felicia Tatum
Edited by Jeanie Creech
Photography by Danny Wilson Photography/K Keeton Designs
Model: Anna
Cover Design by Felicia Tatum
eBook layout & design by Marcy Rachel
This novel is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the authors imagination or are used factiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locals or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Published by Felicia Tatum Books
PO Box 663
Monterey, TN 38574
http://www.FeliciaTatum.com
All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any for whatsoever.
ISBN-13: 978-1490519296
ISBN-10: 1490519297


SYNOPSIS
Francesca Taymon is young, successful, and broken. A tragic accident years ago haunts her to this day, and she blames only one person, the one person that holds her heart. When she finally gets her first case, will she be able to handle seeing him again? Can she do her job and keep her heart intact?
Cade Kelling doesnt take life seriously. Hes reckless and irresponsible, drinking all his problems away. When his parents bail him out for the last time, will he be able to handle seeing Francesca after all of these years? Will he be able to tell her what really happened that night 5 years ago or will he lose her forever?
And the most important question.
Can these mangled hearts be mended?



Dedication
Chapter 1: Francesca
Chapter 2: Cade
Chapter 3: Francesca
Chapter 4: Cade
Chapter 5: Francesca
Chapter 6: Cade
Chapter 7: Francesca
Chapter 8: Cade
Chapter 9: Francesca
Chapter 10: Cade
Chapter 11: Francesca
Chapter 12: Cade
Chapter 13: Francesca
Chapter 14: Cade
Chapter 15: Francesca
Chapter 16: Cade
Chapter 17: Francesca
Chapter 18: Cade
Chapter 19: Francesca
Chapter 20: Cade
Chapter 21: Francesca
Chapter 22: Cade
Chapter 23: Francesca
Chapter 24: Cade
Chapter 25: Francesca
Chapter 26: Cade
Chapter 27: Francesca
Chapter 28: Cade
Chapter 29: Francesca
Chapter 30: Cade
Chapter 31: Francesca
Chapter 32: Cade
Chapter 33: Francesca
Chapter 34: Cade
Chapter 35: Francesca
Chapter 36: Cade
Chapter 37: Francesca



This book is dedicated to all the Cades of the world.
I hope you find your peace.




THE STEAMING HOT WATER ROLLED down my skin, leaving a trail of red lines. I lathered the shampoo through my long, dark blonde hair. Closing my eyes, I let the strawberry scent tickle my nose. Inhaling deeply, my lungs filled and my body relaxed. Continuing the gentle massage of my head I thought about the past year, the stress consuming me to the point I missed on much needed rest. 
I went through the same routine every morning. Nightmares tortured me throughout the night, reminding me of all that could have been. I woke with the memory fresh on my mind. The day that was forever etched in my brain; my best friend coming to break the heartbreaking news to me, the world shattering before my eyes, and the blur that followed. I always woke in a tangle of blankets and covered in sweat. I would lie in my bed attempting to calm my fast beating heart. My breath would finally slow enough for me to get up and shower. 
I finished rinsing my hair and body, the suds covering me like a white, fluffy blanket. The water mixed in with my lingering tears, clearing my face of the night before. 


I hurried up the stairs of my building, tripping over my own feet and almost falling flat on my face. Perfect, I muttered as I gripped the handrail for support. I bent and slipped the too high heels off. I regularly took my shoes off in the office, so I would just do it a little sooner than usual today. I rushed in the door, raising my hand to wave at the office assistant, Zander. He usually wanted me to stop and chat, but I was running late. I spent too long trying to forget and missed my bus. I ended up walking to work, which wasnt very fun, and now I might miss a meeting with my boss. 
I flung my briefcase on my desk, sending papers flying. I groaned and crawled around the floor picking them up. Pain shot through my head as I rammed it into the desk while attempting to stand. I rubbed the spot in a circle, trying to ease the intensity. I searched for the folder with my notes on the Archuleta case. Slumping in the chair, I closed my eyes and rubbed my temples. This was the worst Wednesday Id ever had. Nothing seemed to be going right today, and it was only 9 a.m. 
Working as a Workers Compensation lawyer for the last three years had been rough on me. Directly after graduating college with my B.S. in Business, I ran off to law school. My thinking then was that I would be in another town with new people, and maybe I could forget. And I did for a brief period, but it didnt last. After that graduation ceremony, I got a job with a firm back in my hometown, putting me right back to where I started. Only now I had a job I didnt particularly like, mainly because they treated me like an intern still. Most entry level lawyers were at least able to work on the higher end cases after their second year, but not me. I was still stuck on the simple cases, which frustrated me to no end. 
Sighing, I opened the top drawer of my rusted desk to see if the folder was there by some miracle. I shuffled the contents, gasping when I realized it was in my briefcase. Muttering obscenities to myself, I pulled the heavy leather case closer to my seat. The lock clicked as I popped it open to reveal the treasure. I laughed at myself as I opened the folder to ensure all needed papers were present. I moved my feet around under my desk, attempting to find my shoes. I got them on just in time to see my boss walk by on his way to our meeting. I jumped up, sliding the chair away from my desk and rounding the edge to get to the door. Mr. Phillips, I called, taking long strides to catch up. It wasnt difficult, because I was fairly tall for a woman. At five feet, eight inches, I generally stood well above other women. And some men. When I was younger, I hated my height. It seemed that every boy I had a crush on was at least three inches shorter than me, making me feel extremely awkward for most of my teen years. Once I hit my twenties, and grew in confidence, I didnt mind it as much. If I was attracted to the man, height shouldnt matter. 
Ms. Taymon, he said, nodding in acknowledgement. 
I smiled politely, and slid in step with him. Good morning, sir. I was just on my way to our meeting for the Archuleta case.
Yes, indeed. I am too. Do you have everything ready?
I held the folder up for him to see, shaking it a bit. Yes, sir. 
Good. We have a conference call with the company at 11 a.m. So this meeting needs to happen fast so were prepared.
Great. A conference call meant he would want to make our final offers today. We had a long meeting ahead of us and I dreaded what would happen. The Archuleta case was about a woman that was injured while driving her companys car to the post office. A semi-truck rammed into the drivers side, completely crushing her. She had survived, barely, but her spine had to be completely restructured. She was in a wheelchair, and her doctors seemed uncertain if she would ever walk again. Her company didnt want to accommodate her new needs, nor did they want to pay the big settlement she deserved. The lawyers at J & B Law Firm were determined to get her the money she would need to survive. I wished I was the lawyer fighting in court, but I was only here to gather facts, numbers, and information. The case would most definitely go to court, because the company felt they were getting the low end of the deal. How they figured they were getting the bad end when Ms. Archuleta may never walk again, I dont know. 
Im ready, Mr. Phillips. I have all the information you asked for, and I made a few more notes with relevant facts and cases I came across while researching.
You always do a thorough job, Francesca. Thank you. You may sit in on the conference call, if youd like.
I nodded, a twinge of pain shooting through me. He said I could sit in, not participate. Once again, I was stuck on the sidelines.


I listened intently during the call, though it drove me crazy not being able to chime in when I felt like it. I took notes, hoping to impress Mr. Phillips. I planned to discuss this with him during my next evaluation, but that was a few months away. After, I gathered my stuff to take back to my office. I had another folder with all the information Id given Mr. Phillips, in case anything happened to his copies. I filed everything away in the proper places, and pulled my to-do list for the rest of the day out. The conference call set me back a couple of hours, so Id most likely be staying late tonight. The joys of being a lawyer were few and far between. At least in my current position. 
I scribbled down a short list of what I would need to do for the rest of the Archuleta case. I put that paper in my to-do pile, and moved on to the next. Researching old court cases was getting old for me, and I groaned as the list got longer and longer. I mumbled a few words when I heard a man clear his throat. My head snapped up, and my eyes widened in shock. Mr. Phillips stood a few feet from my desk with a smirk on his face. I never heard him come in, so I had no idea how long he had been there or what he heard. 
Oh, Mr. Phillips, I exclaimed as I stood hastily. My knee connected with the bottom of the desk, causing me to sharply inhale. I apologize, sir. I didnt hear you come in.
He laughed, Its alright, Francesca. You work hard, I appreciate that. I have a task for you, thats why Im here.
Hope soared through me. Could he be allowing me to work on a case as the actual lawyer? I couldnt get too excited. Id had my hopes and dreams crushed too many times before. Id be happy to help. What do you need?
One of my close friends from college needs some help. His son hasnt gotten himself into a bit of trouble and I told him we could help him out.
Intrigued, I prodded for more info. Ok, sir. What exactly will you need me to do? Do you need research on something similar?
He shook his head, and my heart quickened. No, Francesca. I want you working on the case.
My mouth fell open but I quickly closed it. Of course. Id be happy to work on it. Let me take notes. I sat, and motioned for him to take a seat in front of me. Go ahead, Im ready. My pen was poised and itching to write. 
Well, first you should know this isnt a workers comp case. I know thats our specialty, but since hes a friend, I told him we would take it. His son got into a fight in a bar and the owner pressed charges. Since his boy has gotten into a few fights before, not to mention more than a few tickets, the case will go to court. I just need you to review his record and make sure he doesnt go to jail. He said he will agree to community service, but he doesnt want his boy to do time.
I nodded. Ok, and the name? 
His sons name is Cade Kelling.
My heart stopped. The shaking of my hand caused the pen to fall and roll across the desk. I watched it make its way all the way to the edge, falling in slow motion to the floor. Id stopped breathing. I gazed up at Mr. Phillips, trying to make words come out of my mouth. Cade Kelling? I whispered. 
Yes, do you know him?
I nodded slightly. Oh, boy did I know him. 




MY FATHER CONTINUED TO YELL at me. I laid the phone down on the table, and went back to drinking my beer. My old man was annoying on a good day, but when I got in trouble, it multiplied in tenfold. Cade, grow up. Cade, stop doing this stupid shit. Cade, Im not bailing you out again. I heard the same lectures and threats every time, yet he always got one of his big lawyer buddies to get me out of the bind. And he always sent money so I could survive. The threats were all empty, and didnt mean anything to me anymore. 
I started sneaking his alcohol when I was ten, just for fun. By age thirteen, I was an alcoholic. I barely passed high school. My friends, if I could even call them that, only came around when they needed me to do something for them, which usually involved drugs or alcohol. Or money. Yeah, money was a big reason people contacted me. Only one person had ever cared, but Id ruined that long ago. 
I picked up the phone, hearing silence. You still there? I asked. 
I heard a heavy sigh come from my father. You didnt listen to anything I said, did you?
Cant say that I did, Pops. Im tired of hearing the same thing. Just send over that hot-shot jackass guy thats gonna bail me out and lets get it over with.
Cade, theyre sending a young lady. Can you please be nice to her? he asked, desperation in his voice. 
I smiled. A hot-shot lawyer lady. This could be fun for me. It had been awhile since Id had a nice woman take me to bed, so Id have to clean up before our meeting. Yeah, Pops. Ill be real nice to her. Whens the meeting?
Her office assistant, Zander, will call you by the end of the day to set up a time. Be sure you answer. He hung up before saying goodbye. 
I threw the phone down on the couch beside me. I leaned back, closing my eyes to savor the almost drunk high I was feeling. I wasnt quite tipsy, but I was definitely on the verge. I sipped my drink, the liquid sliding down my throat. It didnt sting like liquor, but it warmed me all over. I was on my fifth of the day, and it was only a little after noon. Drinking numbed me all over. Helped rid all the emotions I didnt want to feel from my body. Unfortunately, when the alcohol wore off, the feelings hit me like a Mack truck. So I did my best to keep it in me at all times. If that wasnt enough, then I would add nerve pills. Between the two, I could forget everything around me. Swallowing the rest of the drink, I leaned my head back to rest until I got the dreaded phone call. 


The echoing of a fist on my door woke me from my drunken state. Rolling off the couch, I cursed whoever was on the other side of my door. Gripping the coffee table, I pulled myself to my feet. Stumbling forward, I yelled, One second! 
Dammit, Cade! What is wrong with you? I heard my father respond back. 
Damn. He was here. I flung the door open, holding my head. It throbbed like someone was inside beating it with a hammer. What is it, Dad?
He pushed past me, causing me to fall back on the wall behind me. Kicking the door closed, I glared at his back. He knew the best way to piss me off, and seemed to be doing so on purpose. 
You didnt answer your phone. The firm called me saying Zander couldnt get ahold of you. Cant you do that one thing for me? He stared at me accusingly. 
I didnt say anything, only shrugged my shoulders. 
Well, I made the appointment for you. Tomorrow at 9 a.m. Surely you can be sober that early?
Dunno, Dad, Depends on how much I have tonight before I got to bed, I smirked at him. 
He stomped to my kitchen, and before I knew what was happening, came rumbling back in the room with a pitcher of water. I was too unsteady to fight him off and he drenched me in seconds. I shook the water off, clenching my fists. This wouldnt be the first time I hit my dad, and if he kept this up, it wouldnt be the last. I moved forward, but he bested me and pinned both my arms behind my back. 
Listen to me, Cade. You are twenty seven years old. Its time to grow up. Youre going home with me, youre going to sober up, and youre going to be professional tomorrow at that meeting. His fingers tightened around my upper arms, making me flinch in pain. 
Derek Kelling was stronger than most men, his build one to rival a pro-wrestler. He stood at least four inches taller than I, at about 6 foot 5 inches. My younger brother, Cason, resembled him the most. Both possessed dark blonde hair and hazel eyes. Cason got his height, too. I think I looked more like my mother with brown hair and blue eyes. I regularly described my eyes as dull, though others in the past have disagreed. The dullness reflected my life. Nothing really mattered. I disappointed most everyone I met. I wasnt even sure it was worth going on. 
Can you let me go, Pops? I asked, venom dripping off my tongue. Being manhandled wasnt a favorite pastime of mine. The current legal trouble I was in proved that. 
Ill let your ass go to jail if you hit me, Cade, he said as he loosened his grip. Stepping back, he crossed his arms and looked down at me. Now, go get some clothes for tomorrow and lets go. Your mother is probably wondering where I am.
Gritting my teeth, I headed to the bedroom to find something suitable for the meeting. I kicked the large pile of laundry in the corner, looking for the navy slacks my mom bought me a couple of months ago. I slumped to my knees, rummaging through everything. 
Dont you have any ounce of responsibility? You cant even fold your laundry? Just come on, you can borrow something of mine.
Itll be too big.
I doubt the attorney will mind. Shes going to be more worried about your attitude.
Narrowing my eyes, I struggled to stand. Im sorry you hate me, but seriously, get over yourself. Not everyone thinks Im this huge screw up. But just remember, you raised me, so its not all my fault. I gripped the dresser, pulling myself horizontal. I moved to the bed, sitting for a moment. Most of the room was hazy, but I didnt want him to know that. I tugged the phone charger from the wall and stuffed it in my pocket. I stood, threw my hands up, and said, Lead the way. He grunted in reply. He was to the door in seconds, not even looking back to see if I was following. I plucked the phone from the floor and followed him to his car. 
This was going to be a blast, I could tell. 
The ride to my parents home was awkward and uneventful. Pops didnt talk to me at all, only stared straight ahead at the road. His face hard, looking like he was a statue. I twiddled my thumbs, mostly because I knew thats the most he expected of me. The lights blurred by, inching us closer to our destination. I watched them pass, making myself dizzy. Drinking made me have a dont-give-a-damn attitude, but at the moment, I wished I hadnt had so much. 
Pops, might wanna pull over, I stated before throwing my door open. The vomit came fast and hard. My stomach clenched over and over. He barely got the car stopped in time. He cursed beside me, hitting the steering wheel with his fist. When it finally stopped, I pulled my upper body back in, slamming the door. He glared at me, and I just shrugged. Sorry. We can go now. He huffed and drove on. 
The road housing the home I grew up in came into view. The street lamps shone an eerie glow on the road, making it look like the shadows were jumping out at me. The long arms of the trees appeared to be grabbing at the car, ready to capture me away from the awaited hell I was driving into. The large, wooden log cabin came into view. The property was large, my parents didnt half do anything, with large trees scattered throughout the fifteen acres of land. I glanced at the one holding my long forgotten tree house, remember the times I snuck girls up there when I was a teen. Over a few feet was the weeping willow I would run to every time I fought with my dad about something when I was little. It was there that I snuck my first drink of alcohol. Stole it right out from under his stuck up nose. 
The car slid into the drive, and the garage opened instantly. I saw my mom standing just inside, her hand over her heart. A dramatic one, she was. She was petite and skinny, barely reaching my chest. I shot up in height when I was twelve and had towered over her ever since. Shed always held a soft spot for me. I dont know if it was because I looked like her or because my father had always seemed to hate me. He claimed it was her fault I was such a screw up, because she babied me too much. 
Like he knew anything. 
She hurried to the door, opening it before I could get my hand to the handle. Oh, Cade! Ive missed you, honey. 
I stumbled out, grasping her in an awkward hug. She squeezed tightly, then leaned back to look into my eyes. Embarrassed by her knowing expression, I darted my eyes to the wall behind her. She placed her hand on my back, pushing me forward. My hand held the car for support. I could hear my father grumbling and mumbling on the other side, but I ignored it. 
Lets get you something to eat, she softly said, patting my shoulder. 
I smiled at her and nodded. Maybe Pops was right and she did baby me. But he was wrong about it being her fault that I was a screw up. That was all on his shoulders. 




I PACED MY FLOOR, WEARING a hole in the creamy tan carpet. Daphne, my best friend since the age of seven, was on her way over to help me make sense of everything happening. Cade Kelling was my client. My first major client.
Cade Kelling.
My heart beat sped up, causing my breath to come out in short, raspy sounds. Waves of nausea flowed through me. I clutched my stomach and inhaled deeply. Breathing in and out. I stopped my pacing long enough to check my phone for any response from Daph. Id texted her immediately after I learned I was on his case. Texting his name alone was enough for her to know that I needed her ASAP. She hadnt sent anything back, so I hoped she was on the road. 
I walked to the kitchen, my mind in a million different places. What would I wear? What would I say? What would he say? What if I made a mess of things? A fool of myself? I absent mindedly grabbed a glass, filling it with ice and water. I downed it, then another. I sipped the second a little slower, letting the coolness calm my nerves. The cup almost fell out of my hand when I heard the rapid knock at my door. 
I rushed to the door, swinging it open with a fury. Daphne, I exclaimed, pulling her in for a hug. 
Oh, my gosh, Francesca. Cade? Really? she asked, her brows turned down in confusion. Daphne was beautiful. Her long, dark hair fell in waves down her back. She was almost as tall as I, only much skinnier. Her big green eyes shone against the darkness of her skin and hair. 
I nodded, fighting back the tears threatening to escape. I know. I dont know what to do, I stuttered. Shutting the door, I slumped in the chair situated in the entrance. Resting my head in my hands, I looked at her for answers. Whenever there was a problem, Daphne was the first person I called. She was always there for me. Wed fought a few times, but we managed to find our way back to each other. 
Seating herself on my couch, she pressed her lips into a firm line. Her Im-confused-and-lost expression. Francescahave you talked to him since? 
I shook my head. Biting my lip, I felt a single tear slide down my cheek. Sniffling, I lifted my finger to brush it away. 
Are you ok? You can always turn this down if its too much for you. Screw that stupid law firm. They havent treated you right since day one, she rambled. 
I knew she had a point, but a part of me, a big part of me, knew I had to do this. I needed closure. And I needed to prove myself to Mr. Phillips and the rest of the partners at my job. And Cadewell, I wanted to see him. I needed to see him. As much as it hurt, and as hard as it would betomorrow I would be seeing Cade for the first time in seven years.  Ill be ok, Daphne. Will you stay here tonight? I need help getting ready tomorrow.
Of course! Sleepover, whoo hoo, she yelled, trying to make me smile. 
It worked. We spent the rest of the evening deciding on my outfit and calming my nerves.


Six a.m. met me with an uneasy night of rest, as usual. Only last night the dreams were of his face, his eyes, and his arms around my body. Just the sound of his name caused butterflies to come storming back into my stomach like an army on a rampage. I dressed in my best black suit. The pencil skirt showed off my curves while the jacket was snug enough to display my ample breasts. The fuchsia shirt I wore underneath complemented my light skin tone. After straightening my hair, and leaving it loose, I finally decided I looked good enough to face the day. 
I slipped out of the bathroom to hear Daphne wolf-whistle at me. Rolling my eyes, I gave her a wicked grin. Will I drive him crazy?
Absolute bonkers, dah-ling, she said in her best British accent. 
Giggling, I gathered my briefcase and swung my bag over my shoulder. Breakfast?
Pancakes?
Of course. Its a big day. Big days require pancakes.
She smiled big, holding her arm out for me to take. I linked us together and we struggled out the door, laughing the whole way. 
Daphne drove us to the local pancake place, Lolas House. As she drove, my mind couldnt help but drift back to the first time I met Cade.

9 years prior-September
At sixteen years old, I was insecure and quiet. I didnt make friends very well. Girls were mean to me, though at the time I didnt know why. Every day at school I read between classes, at lunch, and after while I waited for my second bus. The school bus dropped me off at the bus stop. Pathetic, huh? 
It was a hot September day that changed my life forever. Nothing about me would be the same. Ever. I walked to the bench, oblivious to my surroundings. My nose was stuck in my current romance novel. I followed along as the girl fell in love with her best friend (the bad boy), wishing life was really that way. I didnt even notice when he walked by me. 
Or when he stopped a few yards from me, and came back in my direction to take a seat beside me. 
Hey. Do you want a cracker? he velvet voice asked me. 
I didnt look up, I wasnt sure if he was even talking to me. Why would an attractive senior be talking to me?
Hey, Im talking to you, he said, a chuckle in his voice. 
I slowly lifted my head, peering at him from under my long lashes. His dark brown hair swept across his forehead and his deep blue eyes made me gasp. He wore the ultimate laid back style, a white t-shirt and jeans. All he needed was a black leather jacket and he would be the bad boy from my book. The smile on his face was breathtaking, and I found myself unable to speak. 
Hi, Im Cade, he said, a huge grin on his handsome face. 
Hi, Im Francesca.
Why are you always sitting here alone, Francesca? he asked, placing his hand on my knee.
Shivers went up my spine while butterflies flew rampant in my stomach.  A hot senior guy had his hand on my knee. My eyes looked at it, wondering what was happening. Was the world ending? Was this a prank?
I like to read, I stated lamely. 
Laughing, he replied, I can see that. You didnt hear me ask if you wanted a cracker. He held out a pack of those orange peanut butter and cheese crackers. I always thought they were disgusting, but I considered taking one in that moment. 
No, thanks, I said, shaking my head. I gave him a warm smile. 
Ok, he said. Before he could say more, my bus pulled up. Right on time, of all days. 
Thats my bus, I told him. 
Ok, he said, finally lifting his hand from my leg. Do you mind if I come back sometime? he asked, a twinkle in his eyes. Standing, he held a hand out to assist me. 
Not at all, I said, giving him a genuine smile. He seemed nice. New friends werent a bad thing. 
He walked me to the bus. Ok, good. Maybe Ill see you around school sometime. You should say hi. He sauntered off, looking back long enough to wave. 
I barely made it up the stairs. I stared after him until I couldnt see him anymore. I couldnt stop the smile from filling my whole face. 

Present Day
Francesca, are you listening to me? Daphne practically yelled at me. The shrill of her voice brought me out of my daydream of remembrance. 
Oh, sorry. I was thinking I admitted. I felt bad for tuning her out so easily, though it wasnt purposely. 
Oh, I wonder what you were thinking about. Or should I say who? she said accusingly. Her voice sounded scolding, while her eyes showed sympathy. 
Guiltily, I looked down. I cant help it, I whispered. 
She nodded and turned the edge of one corner of her mouth. I know, sweetie. I know. Were here and after breakfast, everything will be better. She gave me a huge smile and I caught her enthusiasm. I wasnt the same girl I was back then. Today would be fine. 
I thought.
I hoped. 
I managed to choke down a single pancake. Daphne kept giving me a knowing, accusing look, so I had to ignore her for most of the meal. My stomach was in knots, palms sweating, and head began to ache the closer the hand inched toward the nine oclock hour. 




DEREK KELLING WAS THE MOST famous architect in the area, designing everything from the new hospital to the restroom area at the park. He loved being famous, having people gush over his designs and compliment him just to say theyd talk to him. He went to social gatherings with a cocky grin on his face and a strut to his walk. He exuded over confidence in every aspect of his life. Unfortunately, he failed to ever grasp parenthood. 
I loathed him for it. 
After the fight last night, and not having a drink to help me along, I was dreading this morning. I rolled out of my childhood bed, groaning as my feet touched the cold hardwood floor. Not much had changed since my teenage years. My walls still had rock posters and a few scantily clad women on them, the bed still had a navy blue bed cover that my mom had insisted I use, even though I said it was too much for a "man" my age. I was fine with just a blanket, but mom always got what mom wanted. 
I trudged my way to the bathroom down the hall, rubbing the sleep from my eye on the way. Hearing dishes clanking downstairs, I knew my parents were up and at it already. I probably wasn't lucky enough for my father to already be gone. Slamming the bathroom door, I relieved myself after I turned on the water to steam the shower. It rolled off of me, giving me the pick-me-up I needed to get going. Allowing the towel to hang on my hips, I sulked back to the bedroom, careful to not make any noise. 
I dressed, the pants too big just as I told Pops they would be. I frantically searched for a belt, but came up empty handed. I hurried across the hall to Cason's old bedroom, praying he had an old one left behind. Finding nothing, I walked down the steps to ask my father for something else, yet again. The smell of bacon, toast, and oranges filled my nostrils, making my stomach growl in appreciation. I stepped through the doorway, finding my father sitting with his back to me and the newspaper lifted in front of his face. My mother smiled when she saw me. A smile that lit up the whole room and made the skin around her eyes crinkle. I moved forward, lifting a plate down from the cabinet and filling it heartily with the breakfast foods my mother had created. Pouring myself a glass of orange juice, I strode to the table and took a seat beside my only ally.  "Hey, Mom. Good morning," I said, giving her a side hug from my chair. 
"Morning, Cade. Sleep well?" 
I nodded, breaking off a piece of the bacon and crunching on it. It was crispy just like I liked it. 
"Hello, son," Pops said, disdain dripping from his voice. 
"Pops." 
"You're just going to ignore me?" he questioned, folding the newspaper and laying it beside him.  
I shrugged. At this point, I had nothing I wanted to say to him and I certainly didn't want to talk about everything that happened last night.  "No. I need a belt," I stated as I smeared butter on my toast. 
He humphed and rose. "Your mother is taking you to your appointment. Don't be late. And Jane," he said, looking to my mother, "don't let him bully you into letting him miss this."
"I don't bully her, Pops," I said, my voice rising. 
He ignored me, staring pointedly at my mom. 
"Don't worry about us, Derek. We'll be fine," she said, her voice firm. 
Jane Kelling didn't take anyone's crap, including her husband's. He glared at her for another minute or two, then stormed out of the house without telling either of us goodbye. 


At twenty after eight, we were in Mom's Jetta and rolling down the street. I convinced her to allow me to run in my apartment and change clothes. This crap outfit Pops had given me was not going to cut it. I didn't want to moon anyone at the meeting. We pulled into the apartment complex, and I rushed up the steps, clinging to the pants so they wouldnt show my mom my much grown up ass. She changed my diapers, yes, but that was long ago. 
Shuffling through the clothes in my floor, I threw the top layer onto the bed, desperate to find the pants. Wrinkled or not, I had to wear them today. Pops probably told the hot shots all about how undependable I was. The need to prove him wrong ran deep within me. Yelling in victory, I put on the pants I finally found, splashing water on them so hopefully they would straighten out some on the ride over. I slid on the white shirt, finishing the buttons as I bound down the steps back to Moms car. Once inside, I rolled the sleeves to my elbows, and spouted off the address Pops had left for me. 154 North Elm Street.
The streets passed as we made our way across town. Stopping abruptly at a red-light, I shot my arm out to brace myself against the dash. Mom spouted out something that sounded like a curse. Turning to glance out the window, I smirked. She wouldnt be too happy if I did it in front of her after one of her rare moments of anger. The pancake house on the street was full of people bounding in and out to stuff their stomachs. I noticed one woman in particularsomething about her was so familiar. Her long, full legs peaked out of one of those longer, tight skirts. Her hair was a dirty blonde and she carried herself with a confidence most women didnt have. She could have been her twin. But I knew it couldnt be the woman Id lost my heart to long ago. There was no way. She had left town not long after the accident that I couldnt seem to drink away. Watching her disappear into the door made my mind drift to another time. 

9 years prior-September
Id watched her every day since school began. She moved with grace and confidence, yet I could see hurt behind her eyes when she surveyed her surroundings. I didnt know who would want to hurt a beautiful creature like her, but it angered me. A lot. I watched her from a distance for as long as I could, until the longing in my heart to hear her voice speaking to me was too much. 
I knew it was stupid and reckless to bring myself into her life. I was the worst kind of guy for her, into all the wrong things, but something about her made me want to bemore. The first time I saw her beautiful face was during lunch. She was stuck in a little hole in the wall, her nose deep into a book. Her dark blonde hair fell around her face, and she absent mindedly pushed it behind her ear, not once looking up from her book. People walked around her, came close to stepping on her, completely ignored herand all I could do was stare. I couldnt tear my eyes away. Two weeks after that, Id followed her bus to the next bus stop. I prayed to be the one driving her home someday soon. 
As I approached, she hadnt moved. She leaned back against the bench, her eyes furiously devouring the book she gripped. After I finally got her attention, my heart had almost stopped when her deep, rich brown eyes looked into mine. Her voice sounded like it came from heaven, her words singing a song to my heart. I laid a hand on her leg, the sparks shooting straight into my soul.

9 years prior October
Id followed her to the bus stop every day since then. The week after our first meeting, Id gotten the nerve to meet her at her locker. She was bent in, rummaging through her belongings, when I slid up and relaxed behind the door. I heard her groan as a book fell to the floor. I scooped in to pick it up, smiling at her as I handed it over. Her eyes widened as she whispered my name. 
Francesca.
Cadeyou never talk to me in school, she accused me. 
It stung. It was true. I didnt want my friends getting the wrong idea or anyone saying things to her about how screwed up I was. It was selfish, and it appeared to hurt her. 
Im sorry. I didnt know if you wanted to I admitted, taking her book bag from her. 
What are you doing? she questioned, eyeing my hand. 
Walking you to class? 
Her eyes stared down, and a small smile curved on her gorgeous face. She peered up at me, her lashes dark and framing her eyes perfectly. My breath caught when she did that. She walked around me, turning a few steps away to make sure I followed. 
Of course I want to. Were friends, right? she said, sauntering off. 
Her voice hummed in my mind, sending smoke signals to my heart. I think I would have followed her anywhere. Id walk off a cliff if its where she led.
Present Day
Cade? my mom asked, her voice concerned as she shook my arm. 
I snapped my head to look at her, coming back from my memories. Yeah?
Are you ok? You dont have to be worried about this. It will be fine. Derek wouldnt tell them the things he says to you, he has too much pride for that. Just cooperate, ok? 
I nodded, happy she thought I was worried about the meeting and not the single most important person in my world. The person I had ruined everything with.


She glided the car into a parking spot, not even moving the gear shift. She peered at me, a nervous dance in her eyes. Cade
Stop, Mom. Dont be like, Pops. Ive got this. Im gonna go in so Im early though. Show some initiative. I reached over, giving her a slight hug and peck on the cheek. Stepping out, I straightened my pants and entered the restaurant. After giving my name to the hostess, I was led to a small room in the back that was closed off for privacy. I sat nervously jiggling my leg and glancing at the clock every few minutes. At five before 9 a.m., the door opened and I glanced up. She stood there, looking as gorgeous as she did on the day we met. Her face showed no emotion as she entered and stuck her hand out to shake mine. I didnt move. 
I couldnt move. 
The love of my life, Francesca Taymon, stood in front of me, staring into my soul with her deep brown eyes. 




THE SOUND OF MY HEARTBEAT pounded in my ears, and my stomach felt queasy. Cade sat in front of me, his rich blue eyes wide and in shock. Stupidly, Id held my hand out to shake it, like I did with all my clients. But this wasnt any clientit was Cade-freaking-Kelling. He didnt move, making my awkwardness even worse. Then he spoke. 
Francesca.
One word from his full, amazing lips and my heart shattered. A flood of emotions overtook me, and I had to sit down before I fell. Wobbly legs made their way to the seat furthest from him, and I sat down heavily. My hands shook so badly I hid them under the table. I tried to regain my control before I spoke. 
Mr. Kelling, Im working your case for the associates of J & B Law Firm. This is my first official case, but I assure you I will do everything in my power to ensure you only get community service, I rattled off, keeping my tone professional and stern. 
He gaped at me, then shook his head. Why are you talking to me like that? Francesca, he said, extending his hand out to grip mine. 
The instant his skin touched mine, electricity flowed through me like a river. My breath caught and eyes filled with tears. I tore my gaze from his, determined to not let him see me cry over him yet again. I slid my hand from underneath his, and with renewed strength looked at him. CadeI know we have a history, but Im not letting that get in the way of this, ok? Ive been with the firm for three years and this is my chance to prove I can be a good partner, just like the rest of them
He interrupted, holding his hand up to stop my words. Three years and youre just now getting a case? What the hell? You deserve better than that, Francesca. You are the most brilliant person Ive ever met. You should already be running your own firm. His nostrils flared in anger, his face reddened. 
I saw his fists clench and knew I had to stop his tirade before it got worse. Its ok, Cade. Its difficult to get started. Just let me get what I need from you so I can get to the office and get started, I explained, my eyes pleading with his to cooperate. 
He appeared conflicted, his eyes flickering from mine to my lips. Groaning inwardly, I stopped my mind from drifting to memories of his soft lips enclosing on mine. The way he made butterflies dance with a single peck, or the way his hands felt as he caressed my face. I snapped my head back down to my papers, shuffling them to look like I was actually concentrating on his case and not the way he made me feel. 
Ill do whatever you need, Francesca. Anything for you.
My heart hammered faster, and I worked through the long list of questions Id prepared for today. He ordered breakfast, eating as I wrote down his answers. Being this close to him, in a natural environment, brought back too many memories. Particularly of our first breakfast date together.

9 years prior November
School assemblies were known for being boring. The day before our Thanksgiving break, we had a two hour assembly that was required for an attendance grade. I dreaded it. They always dimmed the lights, so I couldnt even read. As I slammed my locker shut, I was greeted with Cades grinning face. My heart fluttered and I returned his smile. 
Heya, wanna sit together? he asked, sliding into step with me. 
I nodded, saying, Sure. We walked the hall together. I tried my best to not notice the stares, and the whispers from the girls that wanted him. I didnt know why he was so dead-set on being my friend, but I knew people didnt like it. I was constantly interrogated on whether we were dating or not. I always said notthough I secretly longed for it to be yes. 
We sat near the back. My palms sweated knowing in mere seconds I would be sitting in the back of a dark auditorium with the one and only Cade Kelling. I fidgeted with my purse, moving it from my lap to my feet and then to my lap again. I saw his sidelong glances and I knew he knew I was nervous. 
So much for playing it cool. 
The lights dimmed, and he leaned down, whispering, Hey, wanna cut? We already sat through roll call. If we run for it, we can get out the side door. All the teachers are in heretheyll never know. 
My heart rate sped up, Skip school, Cade? I was shocked. Id never even considered skipping school. And I never wouldnot on my own. But the thought of being alone with Cade in his cargoing somewhere with him without all the watchful eyesit was tempting. 
Itll be ok, Ill make sure you dont get caught, he assured me, nodding his head and sneaking down the aisle. 
I hesitated, then I saw his eager face, and his bright blue eyes that seemed to be glowing and peering into my soul. I quietly stood, careful to not make any noise, and met him right outside the room. We made a mad dash for the nearest side door, and he held it open so I could escape first. I ran to the nearest tree, hiding behind it as I waited for him. He strutted up, walking casually like nothing was out of the ordinary, and snickered at my hiding. 
Really, Francesca? he chuckled. Youve never ditched before?
I shook my head, frantically scanning the area for any authoritative figures. I heard him laughing and glared. Dont. This was your idea. Now lead the way to your car so I can breathe again, I hissed. 
He laughed again, holding his hand out to mine. I placed mine in it, staring as he locked our fingers together. The storm it created in my stomach was like a hurricane, and I prayed I wouldnt barf on him. He hurried me down the parking lot, ushering me in his vehicle. It smelled like Big Red cinnamon gum. I buckled, nervously fidgeting as he took me to a waffle diner in the next town. The car ride was almost too much for my fast beating heart. I wondered if he could hear it. Being so close to himsmelling his gumhis woodsy, male scent that turned me on more than I wanted to admitit drove me crazy. I kept stealing glances at him as he drove. His face was pure perfection, looking like that of a model that graced a billboard. His dark hair swooped in all the right places, looking like he didnt really fix it, but it was obvious he did. His chin was hard and chiseled his nose long and defined. His lipshis lips were my favorite. He was forever in a pouty position, his bottom lip puffy and looking oh-so-delectable. When he smiled, they showed off his brilliant set of white teeth. 
Francesca? he said, humor evident in his gaze. 
Yeah? I said, almost breathlessly. 
He raised his brows, his lips turning in a smirk, Were here he said, gesturing widely with his hands. 
Oh, I chuckled, rightsorry. I was just thinkingabout how much trouble Ill be in if my parents find out, I lied. 
One brow raised higher, and he laughed loudly. Alright, dont worry about it. Just tell them the bad boy you are friends with made you do it. 
You arent a bad boy, I stated. 
Yes I am, he said softly, his fingers reaching to caress my cheek, You really shouldnt even talk to me. Im gonna end up corrupting you.
Shocked, I stared at him. Dont talk about yourself that way, Cade. 
His fingers lingered a few more seconds, then he rushed out to open my door. We walked inside, sitting at a booth in the corner nearest the windows. My fingers slipped as I picked up the menu, and his arm shot out to catch it. He smiled at me knowingly, his fingers lingering against mine. 
Do I make you nervous? he questioned. 
Of course not. Why would you make me nervous, Cade? 
Thats what Im wondering, he said, his lips giving me a wicked grin. 
My stomach turned over, and I breathed deeply. I managed to order and get through the meal without making a complete fool of myself, though I was quite sure he knew I had a crush on him. I couldnt help but watch as he ate, the careful way he cut his foodthe odd way he folded his napkin in squares. I wanted to know everything about him, everything that made him tick. And I wanted to know if he felt the same way about me. 
He drove to my house, though I didnt tell him where I lived. I looked at him questioningly. Cade? How do you know where I live? 
He blushed. Cade Kelling actually blushed. I looked it up. 
Why?
Oh, dammit, Francesca, no. Im not a stalker or anything. Please dont think thatI justwant to know you is all, he admitted, running his long fingers through his silky hair. I longed to run my own through it. 
You do? I asked, not stopping the ridiculous grin from taking over my face. 
He nodded, reaching for my leg like he had the first time we talked. He squeezed my knee, winking at me. My heart may have stopped. He hopped out, once again opening my door, and pulled me in for a tight hug. My body molded into his perfectly, and I leaned in, placing my head on his shoulder. I sighed when he released me, missing his touch the moment it was gone. 
Thanks, Cade.
Anytime, Francesca. Anything for you.

Present Day
I sipped the water in front of me, desperate for something to make it easier to speak. His eyes bore into mine, making my mind swivel in confusion. I blinked several times, willing my mouth to work. Thank you, Cade. Ill be in touch, I stated, standing and gathering my things. 
He jumped up, his chair falling behind him. He didnt even look back as he moved toward me. Desperation poured off of him as he stumbled over his words. Francesca, pleaseIve missed you. You are the best person to ever come in my life and Im so sorry for everything I ever did to you. Can we talk againnot soformally?
A tear slid down my cheek. Sniffling, I slung my bag the rest of the way over my shoulder. CadeIll have to think about it. Ill call you tomorrow when I have a court date. My eyes looked him over, devouring the sexiness he exuded. They stopped on his face, taking in every inch of him. I could see the sorrowthe regretand the longing. I wiped the salty wetness from my face and gave him one last look. 
Tomorrow, he said, caressing my cheek in the ever familiar way.
I turned and left before I lost myself in him again. I couldnt allow it. Not this time. 




I PICKED THE CHAIR UP, trying to gain control of my emotions. I heard heels clinging on the tile and looked up to see Francesca back in the room. Is everything ok? I questioned, worried after our recent exchange of words. 
Daphne dropped me off. I dont have a vehicle.
My mom dropped me off, I dont either, I said, chuckling at our situation. 
Its not funny. Im gonna have to call her to come get me she looked at me a long moment, us. 
She stepped aside, talking softly on her phone. I studied her, noticing shed lost some weight since I last saw her. She was always beautiful to me, but I knew some of the kids in high school had made fun of her. I wanted to strangle them all the day I found her crying in the library.

9 years prior-December
I walked in the library cause I saw Francesca make a mad dash for the room not five minutes before. I could sense something was off with her. I didnt know what was wrongbut something definitely was. I trailed along the edges of the aisles, searching for her. Sniffling caught my attention and I hurried back to the sound. She was leaned against the bookcase, knees drawn up, head buried in her arms. 
Francesca, I said, laying a hand on her back. 
Her head snapped up as she wiped snot and tears from her face. Even when she was bawling her eyes out, she was the most gorgeous girl Id ever laid eyes on. 
Cade. 
Are you ok? I inquired, rubbing small circles on her shoulder. 
She shook her head, a small sob escaping her throat. Some of the girlsin the bathroomIm so ugly, Cade. Why do you even bother? 
I stopped moving. I couldnt believe what she was saying. Francesca, look at me, I demanded, pulling her chin so her face was closer to mine. You are beautifulno, gorgeous. Girls are bitches and they get jealous. Now, I dont know what all they said, and I dont care. Dont let them do this to you. I bother because you are amazing, smart, and funny. You brighten my day. Its killing me seeing you so torn up. I pulled her into me, running my fingers over her hair, and grasping her close. 
Her sobs finally lessened. She leaned her head back, peering up at me with her doe eyes. Cadethank you. Her hand reached up, ever so lightly touching my cheek. 
The lightning that shot through my body changed my life forever. That was the day I fell in love with Francesca Taymon.

Present Day
Well, looks like Daphne is one step ahead of me. She left her car and had a coworker meet her here. Lets go, she said, granting me a genuine smile. 
My heart sped up. I followed her out, giving her directions to my apartment as we walked. She punched them into her mobile GPS, not paying attention to what she was doing, and almost fell off the edge of the sidewalk. I reached out to steady her, her face inches from mine. I could smell the lavender perfume on her. I was actually a little surprised she still used the same scent after all these years. 
You ok? 
She nodded, her gaze not leaving mine. I removed my hand, afraid of what my lips would do to hers if I didnt remove myself from her vicinity. 
We walked across the parking lot. I drifted behind, watching her hips move against the forming material of her skirt. The things that woman did to meit was scary at times. We reached what I was assuming was Daphnes vehicle and she reached above the tire for the key. We got in and she drove off after demanding I wear my seat belt. Leave it to Francesca to still be bossy and worry about my safety. 
The ride was silent. I didnt know what to say. I could tell she was torn about something, but I wasnt entirely sure what. We pulled into my apartment complex when I heard her gasp. I looked over, frantically trying to see what was wrong. 
Oh, my, gosh, she mumbled, slamming the car in park and dashing out the door. 
I quickly followed, hot on her heels. She bent beside the bush by my building, tipping to the side in her heels. In a swift movement, the shoes were off and she was on her hands and knees, searching for something. 
Francesca, what are you doing? I asked, curiosity getting the best of me. 
She said a reply, but her voice was muffled from her head sticking in the small foliage. Sighing, I dropped down to join her. My eyes surveyed the ground, stopping on a set of glowing eyes. A medium size kitten was crouched, looking at us with wide eyes. Francesca continued to talk to it in a baby voice, coaxing it out into the open. To my surprise, it actually came after a good five minutes, gingerly stepping out. It sniffed in my direction, then ignored me and headed straight to her open arms. She picked it up, cuddling and snuggling it. 
Gasping, she looked down in horror, Cadeits hurt, she cried out. 
I moved closer, seeing a small puncture on its side. Francesca looked like she was about to burst into tears, so I decided to act fast. Here, let me have him, I said, reaching for the ball of fur. 
How do you know its a him? she asked, caressing its back. 
I dont, I admitted. But you need to go to work, and the kitty needs to go to the vet, so let me take it. You can come get it after workassuming you want to keep it? I questioned, a small grin playing at my lips. 
Her mouth fell open in shock, Of course I want to keep it, Cade. Look at the poor little orphan! Itll die if I take it to a shelter.
What if it has an owner? I said, suddenly wondering if a neighbor of mine had lost it. 
Then it needs a better one. Its hurt, so obviously they didnt love it like I will, she stated. Looking down at it lovingly, she whispered, Like I do. 
I looked at her, remembering just how much Id always adored her huge heart and loving ways. She continued to pet and whisper to the kitten as I watched. I stood, reaching down to take it from her. She reluctantly released it, but not before giving me stern instructions to not hurt, drop, or mentally damage the creature in any way. 
Chuckling, I reached my free hand down to assist her in standing. Let me help, Francesca.
More bouts of electrical currents moved through my body when our skin came in contact. She stood, her eyes in a deep connection with mine. The kitten meowed, breaking our trance. 
Let me get you some money, she said, rushing back to the car before I could tell her it wasnt necessary. She bent over in the car, distracting my thoughts from the vet to her body in an instant. I missed her touch, her kiss, her laugh. Everything. 
She bound up to me, bending down to rescue her shoes and thrust $200 in my face. Take this. Get kitty all the help it needs. And find out if its a boy or girl, it needs a name, she said, a huge smile crossing her face. She bent her face, snuggling its head and kissing it gently. Looking into my eyes, she said, Thank you, Cade. Ill be back later.
How? You dont have your car. Let me pick you up from work, I suggested, desperate for more time with her. 
She bit her lip as she contemplated my offer. Okdont forget kitty. She walked off, turning one last time and giving me a small wave. 
My heart almost flew out of my chest. Id managed to get her back in my life. Now I had to figure out a way to make sure I didnt lose her again.




I STUMBLED IN MY OFFICE building, barely hearing Zander shout his greeting as I passed. I collapsed in my swirly chair, kicking my shoes off, and spreading my papers in front of me. I glanced through the while you were out notes Zander had piled on my desk, groaning at all the people that demanded my attention today. I switched on my computer, checking my emails to see if Cade had a court date yet. Hed been in trouble before, I remembered it, but I wasnt sure if he was legal when it happened. He may be able to get out of this with minimal punishment. 
I logged my notes, adding them to folder Id created for his case. After catching up on all I could for Cade, I began on the Archuleta case. Mr. Phillips had left me a message, saying the court date began tomorrow and he needed a few more bits of information for the arguing lawyer to take with him. I buried myself in the research, skipping lunch since Id gotten in the office so late. I somehow had managed to keep my mind on minimal thoughts of Cade, which wasnt an easy task for me. When his face had been mere inches from mine, I couldnt help but remember the first time hed kissed me. My first kiss ever.

9 years prior March
Id finally gotten my license and was allowed to drive my moms old car to school. It wasnt much to look at, but it beat taking two busses every day. Since I got bored a lot (I somehow managed to finish all my school work and ended up with no homework. Every single day.) I would drive around town and see if there was anything to get into, or anyone to talk to. Thats what teenagers did, right? 
It was a beautiful spring day with the sun shining brightly and the just a few clouds decorating the sky. The trees and flowers were in full bloom, giving everything a fresh feel and smell. I rolled down the windows, breathing the fresh air deep in my lungs. Id made it through half the town when I saw him. He leaned against his vehicle, hands deep in pockets, and his mind lost in thought. His boot trailed a circle in the dirt. When the light turned green, I pulled the car to a stop behind him, smiling and cocking my head in question. He strutted forward, a delighted smile on his face and gleam in his eyes. 
Francesca? What are you doing? he asked, leaning down where his arm rested on my window seal and his face was no more than 5 inches from mine. 
I was just out and about, saw you standing there. Everything ok? I asked, tucking a stray hair behind my ear. 
He smiled brightly, My car isnt working at the moment. My dad has to come get it.
Oh, thats awful, I said, thinking about my next move. I did something I didnt even think I could. Do you want a ride somewhere? I questioned hopefully. I wanted to spend some time with him alone. We hadnt since the day we skipped school, and just talking to him in the halls wasnt enough. Now that I drove everywhere, I didnt get to see him at the bus stop either. My heart sped up in anticipation. 
He looked at me, his mind reeling. I could almost see the wheels turning. Lets ride around and see if theres anything to do, he suggested, jogging around to the passenger door. He slid in, his face beaming with excitement. 
I just prayed I wouldnt wreck the car in his presence. 
So, whats up? he asked, snapping the seat belt buckle. 
Not much, I said, glancing at him for a moment. I got bored with just my sister to talk to, so I came out to town.
How old is your sister? he asked. 
Thirteen. Shell be coming to high school next year. Yay, I said, not at all excited. I threw my arm up, mocking a happy wave. 
He laughed, Its not as bad as youd think. My brother, Cason, came this year.  Me a senior and him a freshman, I was worried. But hes ended up more popular than I am, so its all good.
I giggled, I doubt that, I said, turning the car onto a back road. 
Oh, I know where we can go, he said, moving swiftly in his seat. 
I grabbed my heart, You startled me. Ive only been driving a few months. No. Sudden. Movements. Cade. I said, glaring at him out of the corner of my eye. 
He stifled a laugh, his eyes growing wide. He reached out, his hand rubbing my thigh. Sorry, he said, gently. He looked forward, not moving his ever growing warm hand, turn right on the next road, he instructed. 
I did as he told me, my mind not breaking away from his hand caressing my knee. He killed me inside every time he did that. He drove me crazy in ways I didnt know were possible. I searched my surroundings, not seeing a business anywhere in site. Or even any homes. Where are we going? I inquired. 
He squeezed my knee and released his grip. Up ahead, pull into that gravel area.
I did as I was told, my curiosity going wild. I parked the car, turning to him for answers. He simply smiled and got out of the car. I followed, hot on his trail. Cade I said, my stomach gripping in knots. I trusted himbut I couldnt help but think of every single scary story I had watched or read. You never go in the woods with a boy. Ever. 
He must have sensed my apprehension, because he reached out and took my hand in his. Our fingers interlocked and sparks shot up my arm and straight to my heart. It fluttered in excitement and my uneasiness floated away with the slight breeze. We were surrounded in trees, and looked to be heading to more. I gingerly stepped over stumps and rocks, determined to not fall and embarrass myself this time. The trees were coming to life, swaying in the wind. It seemed like they were waving to us as we passed. The silence surrounded us, making me highly aware that I was in the woods alone with the one and only Cade Kelling. 
Just up here, theres something I want you to see, he said, smiling and stepping up to lead me. 
My heart skipped a beat and I quickened my pace. We came to a clearing overlooking a huge bluff. The rocks were jacked and aged, but so beautiful. There was a tiny guard rail that I assumed was to ensure no one fell off the edge, but I didnt see that helping much. We stopped at a huge boulder and he pulled me down to sit with him. Now that I was so close, I could smell the faint scent of alcohol. 
Have you been drinking? I asked, nonchalantly. 
His smile disappeared and he looked down, disappointed. YeahI just had a few, he admitted. 
Id heard the rumors that he drank and did drugs, but hed never said anything to me. I didnt pry, figuring he would tell me if he wanted me to know. I didnt say anything, only waited for him to continue. 
FrancescaIm sorry. You deserve so much better than me. I dont know what Im doing. Im just a loser that cant stop drinking or getting into drugs at parties, he looked at me, desperation in his eyes. Please, tell me to go away.
I cant. I drove you here, I said, trying to lighten the mood. 
He closed his eyes, You know what I mean.
I cant, I whispered. 
He put his hand on my face, caressing my cheek. Youre so beautiful and you dont even know it. Those girls that are mean to youtheyve broken your self-esteem. I wish you could see you the way I do. A gorgeous girl with the most amazing brown eyes Ive ever seen.
I gasped as he leaned his head forward. Id never been kissed before and I had no idea what to do. Yes, sixteen years old and never had a boy interested enough to kiss me. And he thought he was a loser. His lips took mine, and fireworks exploded all around me. The sensation of Cades lips moving against mine sent an army of butterflies to my stomach. His hand moved up to my hair, pulling me closer. I gently moved my lips in the way he did, growing nervous from my inexperience. I tore myself from him, turning my head away to hide my embarrassment. 
What, he said, slightly out of breath. 
Im sorry, Ive never kissed before, I mumbled. 
Youve never been kissed? he prodded gently. 
I shook my head no. 
He grabbed my chin, turning my face to look at him. Francesca, I cant believe that. That was an amazing kiss. You are an amazing kisser, he said, smiling and pushing my hair out of my face. 
I could only smile back. My mouth wouldnt work because my mind was in overdrive. Id just had my first kisswith the boy I may very well be falling in love with. 

Present Day
The shrill sound of the office intercom broke me from my memories. I pushed the flashing red button, Yes? 
Zanders deep and powerful voice filled my office, Francesca, Mr. Kelling just called and left a message for you. He wanted me to tell you that the situation is taken care of, everything is as its supposed to be, and he will meet you at the appointed time.
I sat silently. Cade had called my office. I dont know why I was surprised. Or maybe I didhe had never really been the call and let me know things type of guy. Hed stood me up on many occasions in our past, but something seemed different this time. 
Francesca? Zander inquired.
Oh, sorry, Zan. I wrote it down. Thanks so much. 
Welcome, talk to you later, he said cheerfully, cutting the connection. 
I couldnt let myself think this time was different. It couldnt be different. Things would never be the same after everything wed been through. I couldnt let myself get lost in my fairytale longings. Sighing heavily in frustration, I tore my mind from my silky hair I wanted to just run my fingers through over and over, and his soulful eyes that penetrated my soul every time I looked into them. I had to work on the Archuleta case. 
And I did the rest of the afternoon. 




THE VET HAD BEEN ABLE to see us immediately. The kitten, a boy, had been attacked by a dog according to the looks of the puncture wounds. The vet cleaned him and medicated the area, then gave me one of those bowl things to go around his neck. I couldnt help but laugh hysterically at how ridiculous this poor cat looked. After the vet, I made a stop at Walmart and picked up essentials for her new pet: food, litter box, litter, and a collar. Id ended up back home in less than an hour after Francesca left, giving me the day free. I had a job, I didnt like it, but Pops had made sure I was free for our meeting this morning. 
Anger rose in me as I realized he probably knew Francesca was going to be my lawyer. The dirt bag did that on purpose, hoping I would make a fool of myself in front of her. Mom couldnt have knownshe knew how much Francesca always meant to me. Shed never even met her, yet she loved her. I punched the coffee table, making the kitten jump up from his uncomfortable looking nap. I reached out, caressing his head, Sorry, I told it, petting him until he relaxed back to sleep. I jumped up, rushing to the kitchen to grab a bottle of Jack. It was merely 11 a.m., so I knew I could have it out of my system before I had to go get Francesca. I sat back, relaxing with the calming liquid in my hand. Flipping the TV on, I channel surfed through the bottle. Time had a way of getting away from me.


I woke suddenly, my mind fuzzy. I was supposed to do something. I looked around, trying to gather my bearings when I saw the cat staring at me expectantly. Shit. Francesca. I frantically searched for my phone, grabbing it from my side table. The time said I had ten minutes to be there and I knew Id never make it on time. I dialed the office, letting the assistant know I would be running late and ran to find my keys. I gathered the food, the cat, and the medicine from the vet and dashed out the door. I drove recklessly, but that was nothing new with me. I seemed to catch every damn red light in the town. Isnt that the way it always goes? Youre in a hurry and the universe tries every way possible to stop you. I pulled into the firms parking lot, skidding to a stop when I saw Francesca nearing the vehicle. I reached across, opening her door, while madly trying to stop the cat from escaping. 
She gasped, catching the cat in her arms and glaring at me. Really, Cade? Just open the door with a cat in the car?
Sorry, I said, praying she couldnt tell Id been drinking. 
I heard her snifflethen she sniffed the air, leaning closer to do it again. Youre drinking and driving, she spat at me, anger evident on her gorgeous face. 
Its been hours, its ok
I cannot believe you would drink and get behind the wheel of a car after what happened. Dammit Cade, put the car in park and let me drive, she demanded, grasping the cat firmly and stepping out of the vehicle.
It seemed I didnt have a choice in the matter, so I shifted gears and got out, avoiding her death glare. I hated that she was right so much. And I hated that Id upset her after I thought Id gotten in a good spot with her. 
She sat behind the wheel, setting the cat down in the backseat. She adjusted the seat, mirror, and wheel to her liking, not once looking at me. I studied her, realizing just how sexy she was when she was angry. Probably wasnt the best time to tell her that, though. 
Do you want to know what the vet said? I questioned, hoping to change the subject so she would forget some of her anger. 
The car jerked forward as she said, Yes, firmly and with no emotion. She stared straight ahead, not once glancing at me. 
Well, its a he, like I said, and he has to wear that bowl thing for ten days. You have another appointment then, the card is in my wallet, and the doctors gave me some antibiotics to help heal him.
She didnt say anything. Her eyes were locked on the road. I didnt know where we were going, but it wasnt back to my place. I leaned back as the cat climbed over the back of my seat and curled up in my lap. 
Hamlet, she said, gazing at the red light we had been at for what seemed like forever. 
Excuse me? I asked, confused. 
His name is Hamlet, she said, nodding to the sleeping fur ball in my lap. 
I stroked his back, his purring kicking up a notch even though he didnt open his eyes. Hamlet. I like it. Why Hamlet, though?
It was my favorite Shakespeare play in high school, she told me, her voice flat. The light turned green, and she eased the car back in motion. 
Francesca I attempted to explain, but she cut me off fast. 
Holding her hand up, voice stern, she said, Not now, Cade. Just wait until I get you sobered up.
Im fine, I tried to tell her, but she shook her head and kept driving. 
I cant do this, she said, her voice shaking. 
I backed off, staring out the window instead. I knew we were on the other side of town, but I had no idea where she lived now. Being a lawyer, I supposed she had an upscale place, making my small apartment dull in comparison. I had a one bedroom that was perfect for me. Easy to clean, simple to furnish, it was actually more than I needed. She turned on a street that housed modest homes, and I was surprised. I thought for sure she would have an apartment, but this whole street was houses. 
She pulled into a small, white home that had a decent size yard with rose bushes. A weeping willow was tilted off the side, appearing to be protecting the place. Large windows were encased on the front, a large covered porch beckoned us as soon as she put the vehicle in park. I stepped out, clutching Hamlet close to me so he couldnt escape. Walking around, I handed him off to her, reaching in the back to gather his supplies. She waited at the door, eyeing me suspiciously. 
What? I asked, looking down to make sure my fly wasnt hanging open. 
Nothing. Making sure you dont fall over or something. I am a lawyer, I dont need you suing me. She turned, unlocking the door and ushering me in. 
I stifled my laughter and stepped in. The interior was nice and screamed Francesca. Pictures from elementary school on lined the walls. Girly things that I wouldnt even know where to find decorated shelves, a chair was situated not far in the door. She dropped her bag in it, kicking her shoes underneath. I couldnt stop myself from being mesmerized by her movements. Everything she did captivated me. She continued forward, stopping at a door. 
Keep going straight, set all that on the kitchen table. Ill be right there, she instructed. 
I nodded and she disappeared. I found the kitchen, setting everything down. I looked around, impressed with the red and black theme she had. It was sleek and sexyfor a kitchen. She had everything cleaned and immaculate, something that didnt surprise me. I went to the refrigerator, inspecting the photos. I saw some of her and the girl she had been close with in high school, Daphne, and a few of her family, but the one that stood out was her and tall, blond man. My heart clenched realizing she may very well be in a relationship. Id always thought of her as mine, but that was unfair. We hadnt spoken in years. She would have found someoneshe was too amazing to be single. 
Im making you coffee, her voice sung from behind me. 
I turned, taking in her new attire. She wore jeans that fit in all the right places and the shirt shed had under her jacket flowed around her hips. She looked amazing. Her blonde locks were cascading down her back and around her shoulders. She literally took my breath away. 
Ok, I uttered dumbly, not blinking. 
She glanced down, What?
You are still so beautiful, I said. 
Her face became hard again. Youre drunk, sit down, she said, pointing to the chair. 
Fine, I said a little too harshly, but I think youre beautiful when Im sober, too. 
She stopped and I saw her shoulders tense. She gripped the counter, then went back to getting the coffee pot ready. She worked quickly, filling everything and clicking it on. She spun around, clicking her tongue and searching for Hamlet.
Hamlet, here kitty, kitty, she cooed, directing herself to the kitchen. I heard the sound of his bowl thing hit a wall and I had to cover my mouth to hide the laughter. 
She turned angrily, Dont laugh at him! she practically shouted. 
I bent my lips in, trying my hardest to not piss her off. She looked at me and I could tell she was about to break. She finally let it out and laughed with me. 
Its sad, but kind of funny, too, she admitted after she could breathe again. She ran off, searching for Hamlet and came back with him cradled in her arms. Pretty boy, its ok, she whispered, snuggling her face close to him. Sitting him down on the floor beside the table, she rummaged through looking for the food. She grabbed two bowls and made his meal of milk and cat food. He ate at my place, but the poor thing must have been starved. 
The medicine has to stay refrigerated, I said, remembering what all the vet had told me. 
She pulled it out, put it up, and moved on to the coffee. She pulled out a pink glittered mug, glanced at me with a smirk, and poured. Setting it in front of me, she said cheerfully, drink up! 
I stared at her, really? You dont have another cup I could use?
Nope. Now get sober so I can yell at you.
I saluted, taking a long swig of the drink. It was hot and bitter. I sat it down, making a face, You didnt put anything in it? 
She shook her head, No, I need you sober soon. Drink up, she commanded. 
I downed the cup and another before she was happy with my sobriety. I sat it down, staring at her expectantly. 
She seated herself in front of me, clasped her hands together, and spat out, What the hell were you thinking drinking and driving? I mean, really, Cade? After everything thats happened, you would still be so reckless, stupid, and immature! And not to mention, youre already in legal trouble. What exactly do you think a DUI would do for you? Huh? Not anything good, I can assure you that, she rambled on. I just cant believe you would be foolish enough to drink and drive after the accident. And to pick me up, of all people! I dont know what you were thinking.
I cast my eyes down, letting her tear me a new one. Everything she said was right. I was stupid. My drinking had caused her enough pain, and now I was pulling this. Im sorry, Francesca. Youre completely right. I wasnt thinking. And Im sorry to bring back thoughts of the accident, I told her, scraping my chair back to stand. I think its time I head home.
She didnt budge, but called out, You dont have to remind me of the accident. Im haunted by it every single day. 
I opened the door, sliding out. I inhaled the fresh air, and closed my eyes. Shed stolen my heart, and in return, Id ruined her life. 




THE BLARING ALARM CLOCK SHOCKED my system, causing me to sit straight up in bed. Friday. It was Friday. I would be able to relax in a mere ten hours. I shut it off, leaning back on my fluffy pillow and reaching to my side to pet Hamlet. He was still iffy about me, but I thought he was warming up nicely. About three a.m., he had appeared in my room, jumping up and curling at my feet. He gradually moved up to my side. Not bad for the first night. 
I scratched his ears, listening to the relaxing sound of his purr. If only I could have the life of a cat. The images from the night before were still fresh on my mind. Daphnes stricken face when I opened my door, the last time Id seen Cade, his arms wrapped around that woman that I couldnt stand, and my sistermy sweet baby sister telling me she would be safe. 
I pushed down the sob trying to escape, clenching my eyes to fight the tears. I rubbed them furiously, and slid out of bed. My toes wiggled in the soft carpet. I once again prided myself in getting it all laid last year. This place had been a wreck when Id bought it, but it was an amazing deal. I couldnt pass it up. The price was cheap, it had a weeping willow (my favorite tree), and it was fixable. Id gotten the assistance of my dad with most of it, so it really hadnt cost much to get in top shape. 
I trudged to the kitchen, starting the coffee maker, and gathering up food for Hamlet. I heard a soft meow, followed by a warm, fuzzy body pushed against my ankles. I smiled down, happy to final have some sort of companion in this lonely house. I loved being on my own, but I missed people being around sometimes. 
Hey, kitty. Here you go, I said, placing the dish in front of him. 
He started inhaling it, so I left him and went to start my day.


I made it to work early, so I stopped by and chatted with Zander for a bit over coffee. He was ruggedly handsome. Tall and muscular, he would make most girls swoon. Well, if they werent in love with Cade Kelling already. He flirted with me which worried me to an extent. I didnt want to lead anyone on. My heart belonged to Cade, though I didnt even know if I could let him hold it in his hands again. 
What did you do last night? Who was that guy you got in the car with? he asked me curiously. 
Oh, Zander, I found a kitty! The guy was my client, Mr. Kelling. He took care of the cat for me since I found it at his apartment complex. 
Really? You just found a cat and then left it with a client? he questioned, dark brows raised unbelievably. 
I nodded, knowing I was caught. 
You know this guy, huh?
I sat on the side of his desk and buried my face in my hands, mumbling, Yes.
He smirked, And?
I kind of dated him I said sheepishly. 
What? he almost shouted, jumping from his seat, You cant date a client, he hissed, grabbing my arm. 
I pushed his hand off, Im not dating him, Zander. I said I kind of did. Totally different.
Francesca he warned, grasping my wrist gently.
I looked into his blue eyes, full of worry and dread. Ill be careful. Its my only chance, Zan. Ive been here three years, I whispered, my eyes pleading with his desperately. 
He nodded, pulling me in for a quick hug. Ok. Im here if you need me.
Thank you, I said, sniffling into his shirt. I couldnt cry. I just refused. 
Here, you have tons of messages and a court date to attend to. Go get busy, he commanded. 
I giggled, calling back to him as I walked towards my office, Order the usual lunch, my treat, and come eat with me.
Ok, he agreed as his line rang. 
I walked on, looking through my messages, groaning at some, curious about others. The very last one was the document with Cades court date. Two weeks from today. I picked up my step, realizing I was behind on the information I would need. I collapsed in my chair, swiveling and swirling to get it out of my system, then diving head first into the work. 
The hours blurred by full of documents, papers, and calls to various places. Cade hadnt been in deep trouble during his adult years (a fact that surprised me greatly) so this should be an easy win. He had been arrested multiple times (thats more like it) but never convicted. Damned if I was going to let it happen while I was representing him. 
Lunch with Zan was fun and relaxing, something I needed. Daphne called near the end of the hour, begging me to go out with her after work. I obliged, but only because I couldnt resist her when she begged like that. She was the twin I never had. I finished the day, glad it was the weekend and I wouldnt have to see or talk to Cade until Monday.


I spun, eyeing my backside in the fitted black dress Daphne insisted I buy last time we went shopping. It made my butt look huge. I growled, rushing to the door when I heard the bell. Daphne swayed in, looking as gorgeous as ever. Her dark locks were pulled off her face with a few tendrils curled and loose. She wore a tight red dress, probably four inches shorter than my almost knee length one, and heels that I would break my neck in. 
Seriously? I cant go, I groaned, collapsing on the couch in frustration. 
You look great, Francesca, she assured me, smiling widely. 
Im a cow compared to you. Why does my best friend have to be so perfect? I asked no one in particular. 
Oh, stop the dramatics. Get your shoes, finish the eyeliner, and lets go.
How did you know I didnt finish my eyeliner? I asked, wondering how awful I truly looked. 
Ummits only under one eye, Franny Girl. Now hurry your cute butt up so we can go, she commanded, pulling me off the couch. 
I despised that nickname, Franny Girl, and she knew it. I gave her a look that could kill and sauntered off to finish my make-up. She stood in the doorway, nagging me about Cade until I was satisfied with my face. Turning sharply, I said, Daph, we arent talking about him.
Ummwhen did you get a cat? she asked, her eyes wide as Hamlet came crawling out from under the bed. Lucky for him the rails were high or he would have gotten stuck in his hurt condition. 
I giggled, sitting and reaching down to pet him. I found him yesterday when I dropped Cade off at his apartment, I explained, patting my legs so Hammy would come up there. 
His apartment? she questioned, a mischievous gleam in her eyes. She moved forward, hands on hips, and bent to meet me eye to eye. And what exactly where you doing there, Franny Girl?
I exhaled sharply, If you call me Franny Girl one more time, Im going to punch you, I threatened, even though we both knew it would never happen. Nothing went on. You left your car for me, he didnt have a ride, I took him. End of story.
You still love him, she stated, matter of factly. 
Rolling my eyes, I sat Hammy down beside me and brushed the shedded fur off my legs. Daph, what happened to not talking about him? I thought we were going out?
She brushed past me, sitting and taking over my previous position. We dont have to. I think Id rather hear this, she chuckled with a wink. 
Groaning, I mocked her earlier stance, glaring at her. It doesnt matter if I still love him. Not after what happened with Josie. Now, can we please go? I begged her, my voice threatening to break. 
She stood, grasping me in a tight hug. I know you miss her, but Francesca, you need to talk to him about this. You dont know one thing or another at this point, only what other people said. We know how the rumor mill likes to turn.
I pulled back, my face hardening. If it wasnt true, he would have come to me. He would have told me, Daphne. He didnt even talk to me at the funeral! Thats as much as saying hes guilty, I yelled, my hands moving on their own accord. I was sure I looked like a crazy person. 
Oh, whatever, we both know Cade is a big ass chicken when it comes to you. He was probably scared to talk to you, she said. 
Hes not a chicken. I was just a game to him, but Im stronger now. I wont let him toy with my heart ever again, I declared, wiping the moistness from my eyes. 
She moved back, studying me. Ok. You know I support you, Francesca, but I want you to know I honestly think you should talk to him. If nothing else, itll help you gain closure you desperately need. Its been seven years and you still hold a lot of anger towards him.
You arent my therapist, I spat at her, instantly regretting it. 
No, Im not, but I am your best friend and Ive known you forever. I see that this haunts you. I just want you to be able to move on. Josie would want you to.
Hearing her name twisted something in my heart. Joslyn Taymon, my beautiful little sister, whose life ended too soon and tragically. I could still remember the way her long, blonde hair would fly around her in all directions. Her dark brown eyes that matched mine perfectly. She was so full of life and energy. It still pained me to think of how she died. 
Lets go, Daphne instructed, pulling me out of the memories before I lost the stream of tears on the verge of escaping. 
I grasped her hand, following her out to the vehicle. I had to just forget everything for a little while. I settled in as she turned up the music and rambled on about some current celebrity she saw something about on Facebook. She was trying her hardest to distract me, and I appreciated it. I needed distracting. I needed to forget.




A LOUD THUNDER RUMBLED IN my head, over and over again. I clenched my eyes tighter, wondering where the sound was coming from. Rolling over, I grasped the edge of the couch inches before I fell off. The empty bottle I downed an hour before fell to the floor with a thud. A deep groan sounded in my throat, and I stirred myself to consciousness. The loud banging continued, so I shot to a sitting position, looking around in my disoriented state. My phone rang and buzzed seconds after it stopped. 
Reaching in in my pocket, I pulled it out and answered quickly, Hello?
Cade, answer your door, man, Casons voice filled my aching head. 
Grunting, I stumbled my way to a standing position and trudged to the door. Opening it wide, I saw my bigger, little brother standing there with a case. Cason, I said, reaching out to give him a hug. It had been far too long since we spent any time together. 
I brought you a present, he grinned, holding up the box. 
And a good present at that. Get in here, I demanded, stepping back to allow him access. 
Dad told me about your new lawyer, thought you may need a pick me up, he said, giving me a knowing look. 
YeahFrancesca.
I cant believe it, he said, shaking his head as he sat on the couch. I havent seen her in years. How is she doing?
Im not sure. She didnt seem too happy to see me, though. I hurt her so bad, dude. It seems like its more, though. Shes doing well for herself. Got a house, shes a lawyer, she seems to be living well.
You shouldnt have dated that skanky bitch, Jade. She was so mean to Francesca, he explained. 
What do you mean, mean to Francesca? They didnt know each other, I said, my voice rising. 
Jade said some pretty awful stuff. How did you not know? She ripped Francesca apart one day after school.
The panic was rising. No wonder Francesca had stopped speaking to me a few months before the accident with her sister. She had been hurting. And once again, it was all my fault. Stupid whore. Does she still live around here?
Shes not worth it, man. Youre getting another chance here, so fix it.
I nodded, opening another drink and chugging it. Francesca didnt want to see me tonight. She said she would talk to me Monday. So I had all weekend to drink away my issues.


Cason had stayed over. He was more responsible than I and didnt let himself drive after drinking anything. I rolled in my bed, seeing the clock said it was close to noon. There was something I was supposed to do todaybut I couldnt remember what. I shuffled through the apartment, realizing Cason was already gone. He was such a morning person. We were complete opposites. He was light where I was dark. He was everything Pops had expected of me, while I was a complete failure in his eyes. Stretching, I scratched my head, then searched for my phone. Something was really tugging on my mind. I missed something. Forgot somethingI couldnt place what it was. I finally found it, tucked securely under the cushion. 
Ten missed calls. Shit. 
I threw it on the table, grabbing the half full bottle I had after the case last night, taking a swig and looking to see who had continuously called me. 
Work and Pops.
I bent my head back, closed my eyes, and wondered if I still had a job. Cason had helped me get this job and I now remembered theyd told me I needed to work half a day today. I leaned up, took another long drink, and called my boss, Ms. Thorpe back. 
Cade, her voice came through the speaker firm and shrill. 
Hey, Ms. Thorpe, sorry about not coming in. Im getting ready now and will be there in about twenty minutes, I explained, sipping more as I waited for her response. 
Theres no need, Cade. Youve been terminated. This is the fourth time this has happened in the last six months. We just cant depend on you. I need you to come down Monday to discuss things with HR and sign some papers. She spoke quickly, efficiently, and with no emotion. 
The phone clicked before I could even try to come up with an explanation or ask for forgiveness. The ringtone blared in my hand. I rejected it as soon as I saw it was Pops. He obviously knew I was in trouble. He always knew what was going on before I could tell him. Not that I would tell himperhaps that was why he always found out. It was the only way he would know all of my screw ups. 
It rang again, so I answered. I didnt want him showing up or anything. Pops, I said dryly. 
Cade! he shouted, his voice exploding in my eardrum. 
I sat there, sighing loud enough for him to hear. I awaited the verbal berating I knew was coming. 
Did your boss get ahold of you? I called Cason and he told me you were still passed out when he left your place. Just how much did you drink last night? Dammit, did you lose your job? His questions droned on. 
I pulled out a canning jar full of moonshine my buddy had made for me a few months back. It was as strong as an alcoholic drink could get and after the morning Id had, I deserved it. I peeled the lid off, drinking straight from the jar. 
Cade? he questioned. 
Yeah, I said, gulping the strong concoction down. 
You arent paying attention. Did you lose your job? he demanded. 
Ms. Thorpe said I did, I stated, taking another long sip. 
Dammit, Cade, what now?
Ill find a new one. No big deal, Popsy.
He growled in my ear, then hung up on me. 
Shrugging, I threw the phone down, finishing off the glass as I thought of what Cason had said about Jade and Francesca last night. 

8 years prior November
Francescas gaze met mine, hurt and anger gleaming in her eyes. I swallowed, not knowing what to do. She looked at me, then to Jade, and back. Her eyes held the questions I didnt want to answer. The questions I couldnt answer. She turned, walking away and going back to her locker. I wanted to followI longed to drop Jade, hold Francesca, and never let her go. 
I couldnt do that to her. I was like gasoline on fire. More time with me would end in an explosion. I didnt want to ruin her life. I was a disaster, not able to stop my ways. She deserved better. A prince perhaps, to sweep her off her feet and shower her with the love and devotion she deserved. 
I couldnt be that for her. 
So, I found Jade at a party. Her hair was a dull blonde, her eyes green. She wasnt pretty, not in the least. She annoyed the hell out of me, in fact. But she went to parties with me, she was a decent lay, and she didnt care about me any more than I cared about her. It was perfect. 
I cringed every time I kissed her, so I pictured Francesca and her soft lips. Things had been wonderful after that first kiss, but then I messed up. Id hurt her and she retreated. It was my fault. I had to distance myself from her. Jade was the perfect way. 
Or at least I thought she was until I saw Francescas devastation. Everything I did hurt her and it was tearing me apart. It was one thing to ruin every aspect of my lifebut hershe deserved so much better. So much more. 
A few days later, we ran into each other in the hall. Her books spilled all around, so I bent to get them for her. One look in her hauntingly sad eyes and I knew. Id broken her heart. Francesca I started, reaching for her. 
Shaking her head furiously, she whispered, No, Cade, no. Dont look at me like that. Dont try to make this better. Just dont. Her beautifully wide and bright eyes filled with tears, ripping my heart in two. 
Im so sorry, I said lamely. Sorry wasnt going to fix anything. It wasnt going to make her feel better. Wed had somethingamazingand rare, but I ruined it. As usual. 
She looked me over, as if this was the last time she would see me, took her books, and walked away. That was the most difficult day of my life up to that point. 

Present Day
The moonshine was gone. I was working on a bottle of whiskey. Id bought this, the most expensive one in the store, after Pops had chewed me out a few weeks ago. Hed given me money forsomething, I couldnt even remember what now, but I got this instead. 
I had to stick it to him somehow. 
It burned going down, a fire igniting in the hell that was Cade Kelling. I didnt know what to do. I had to find a way to get Francesca back in my life, but I couldnt let her get to close. She brightened every aspect of every sorry day I lived. I had to find a way to be friends. To be able to have her around. To give her one ounce of the support she gave me with a single smile. 
I would try to do better. For Francesca.




I MANAGED TO KEEP MYSELF busy for most of the weekend. Mowing, cleaning, and cooking for the week was enough to keep anyone busy. My parents came to visit, as they usually did every Saturday morning. Since my sister passed away, wed become closer. No one knew when their last breath would be, so we wanted to be more involved with each other. We never were really a super close family, but not damaged either. Josie and I would sneak off, laughing and complaining about the rules in place all the time. We talked about boysclotheshairschooleverything. We were best friends, though there were three years between us. It was only the two of us. We were inseparable when we werent fighting. 
She looked a lot like I did, but I always believed she was prettier. She was thinner, her hair straighter, her eyes sparkled more. She came to high school my senior year, so I was very protective. Unfortunately, she fell in the wrong crowd. Everyone close to me ended up needing saving. But I couldnt save her. 
She started off with parties here and there, then she started smoking. I threatened to tell our parents, but she knew I really wouldnt. So she kept on. The parties turned to more, the cigarette smoking led to marijuana. She went down fast, a spiral no one could save her from. I knew that now. It didnt stop the pain, though. Especially when I saw Cade and remembered he was there that night. 
Shaking my head, I focused my eyes back on the book I was attempting to get lost in. Hamlet lay at my feet on the couch, snuggling his warmth in them and making me wish my socks were off. For such a small creature, he felt like a heater. I slid them from under him, his gray head raising and his golden eyes giving me a menacing look before he nodded back off. I couldnt help but laugh at how adorable he was. I stood, stretching my arms high above my head, and hurried to find my tennis shoes. Going for a walk was what I needed at this moment. 
The air wasnt hot, but it wasnt cold. Fall was my favorite time of the year. All the beautiful colors that nature created called out to me. Beckoning me to join, to hope, to love. I walked along the road, getting lost in the sea of leaves that surrounded my feet. They crunched and crumpled beneath my shoes, sounding like a song only Mother Nature understood. I relaxed, letting my mind drift as my eyes devoured the beauty around me. 

8 years prior October
I let myself be talked into going to the school dance by one of the girls I talked to in class. Why? I had no idea. A small part of me, like a microcell, hoped Cade would come. It was unlikely, but I was kind of dumb when it came to him. I looked down at my white tank dress, placing a blue cardigan the color of his eyes over my shoulders. I left my hair down, naturally wavy. It annoyed me most of the time, but he told me once he liked it that way. The things this boy did to meit was ridiculous. And exciting. 
I twirled in the mirror, somewhat satisfied with my appearance. 
You look great. Cade will drool alllllll over you, a young voice said from the door. 
I spun around, seeing Josie standing in the frame with a smirk on her face. Josie, I said, what are you doing? Quit spying on me. I do not like Cade, I scoffed, biting my lip at the lie. 
Yes you do, she taunted, dancing around in my room laughing. 
Get out! I yelled, diving for her. 
She escaped just before I reached her, giggling all the way down the hall. I rolled my eyes at her immaturity, then slipped on the kitten heels. I tried to slow the quickened pace of my heart, but it was impossible. I just had a feeling that Cade would be there. 


The school transformed the cafeteria into a dance floor. The lights were dimmed with a strobe of multi lights spinning on the walls. There were teachers in every corner, though no one did anything about the grinding on the floor. I rolled my eyes at the cheesiness, standing by the door contemplating a quick exit. I felt so out of place and awkward. 
Well, dont you look lovely, his voice dripped behind me, his breath tickling my ear as his words trickled in my brain. 
Turning slowly, I saw him in usual attire, a white tshirt and jeans, but he looked incredible. His dark hair appeared darker in the dimmed lighting, his eyes shone with eagerness. 
Youre here, I said dumbly. Like he didnt know he was here. I was such an idiot sometimes. 
I am, he said, a sexy smirk showing on one side of his mouth. Wanna dance? he asked, his leg shaking nervously, his eyes desperately searching mine for an answer. 
I nodded, unable to speak. Wed kissed, but only a couple of times. He grabbed me, pulling me to a spot close to where we stood. Warm fingers circled around my waist, while the others held my hand.  He pulled me close, every inch of our bodies touching. His eyes never left mine as we swayed and spun. I was lost in all that was Cade Kelling. 
Slowly, he leaned me back, dipping me and following until our noses almost touched. His breath was warm, his breathing intense. I stared at him intently, willing him to put his lips on mine. Almost as suddenly, he stood us upright, putting a small distance between us. 
Theres a teacher watching us, he said, his head leaned against mine, his voice speaking into my hair. 
I nodded again. He was ripping me in pieces. He knew how to turn me into a puddle with a simple glance. I couldnt take much more.

Present Day
Remembering the dance was bittersweet.  Someone had taken our picture at the exact moment he dipped me. It ended up in the yearbook, to my horror, but Id snuck in the room where they put everything together and swiped the original. It was in a box under my bed. After, wed hung out, talked until well after midnight. Stupid me asked him to go to a birthday party with me, my heart soaring when hes said yes. But it was a lie. He stood me up. Then.then he dated her. The evil, snobby, skanky girl that tried to make the rest of my sophomore year a living hell. 
Jade Smithson wasnt very popularor likable, but she somehow managed to dig her claws into Cade and steer him far away from me. After he stood me up, things got rocky. We werent ever really dating, but the feelings felt so real. So pure. It tore me in two knowing he held her, kissed her, spent time with her, instead of me. The day I saw them in the hall together, I knew things would never be the same, and Id cried for hours when I got home. And many days after that. Yes, it was weak, but I was sixteen. My heart was raw, open, and vulnerable. It didnt help that every time I saw them, Cades eyes filled with regret and remorse, making me wonder just why he was with her. It drove me crazy, not knowing why he chose her over me. Perhaps he never felt anything for me. Maybe it was just a game to him, to see just how idiotic I would act over him. 
Shaking my head, I tried to tear the thoughts from my head. I couldnt let myself get caught up in this again. Glancing around, I realized Id walked the whole block and was back at my house. I bound up the steps, stopping on the porch to look at the nearly setting sun. The sky possessed a yellow/orange glow that matched the leaves Id tracked home with me. I stood in awe, allowing nature to calm my senses and my rapidly beating heart. I had to push Cade out of my mind. The accident determined our future. No matter how much my heart and my body wanted him I couldnt allow myself to get lost in his eyes. Not again. 


I lay in bed that night, willing my brain to not be consumed with nightmares. It was pointless, I knew, but I hoped one of these nights I would be able to deal. The Sunday morning I lost my little sister was forever etched in my memory. I dont even think head trauma could take it awaynot that I wanted head trauma, I just wanted to forget. Id spent the night with Daphne, as we usually did on Saturdays, so I was trying to sleep in. Our sleepovers always resulted in us staying up way to late, watching too many movies, and giggling way too loudly. She was somehow always up early, no matter how late we were awake, so she rose long before I did. 
At 8 a.m. my world shattered. Something awoke me, though I dont know what. Daphne stood just inside the door, her eyes wide in fear, limbs trembling. I rubbed the sleepy from my eyes, watching her with a questioning gaze. Daph?
She moved forward, I remember it looked like she was in slow motion, and sat beside me on the spare bed. Francesca. She said with her voice full of emotion and sadness. 
I sat up, pulling my knees to my chest and hugging the pillow. What happened? I asked. Something was so very wrong, it was obvious. 
Your parents just called. She said, just stopping at that. 
Frustrated, I grabbed her arm, And? I questioned. 
Francescathere was an accident. You need to get dressed.
Who, Daph?
Your mom and dad need to tell you, she said, her eyes welling in tears. 
Daphne, I demanded, my eyes pleading with hers. 
Her face scrunched as the tears fell freely. I dont know how I knew, but I did. Something happened to my sister. I hugged the pillow tighter. Is Josie going to be ok?
She looked at me pitifully, and I knew in my heart that my sister was gone. I had to hear it, though. I stared at her, my heart thumping against my chest. 
I dont think so, she barely choked out. 
I tried to stand, my mind in a daze. I somehow got my jeans on, then turned to see her watching me. I fell to the floor in a heap, the tears finally rushing from me. I sobbed in my hands, barely able to catch my breath at times. I felt her arms surround me, tugging me close to her. I didnt hear her parents come in the room, but they too held me close. It wasnt enough. I cried for what felt like forever. Finally, I was able to speak and tell them I wanted to go to the hospital to be with my family. 
I still couldnt remember the drive over, my mind wasnt functioning properly. Daphnes father, Joseph, led me through the parking lot and halls. I could barely stand on my own, let alone walk without assistance. The hospital was coldemotionlessand a place I will never forget. I remember white everywhere. The moment I saw my mother and father, my emotions were lost once again. I ran to them, and we all fell to the floor. I couldnt ask the questions I needed to. I didnt want to hear my sister was dead, nor could I stop crying long enough to ask. I gripped my parents tightly, burying my head in my mothers shoulder. 
Francesca, she said through the sobs. 
I looked up at her through blurred vision, shaking my head frantically, No, Mom, No! I screamed, pushing her away. Shes not gone. Shes not. I cried harder cause the look on her face told me she was. 
Honey, she was drinkingthere was a car accident. It was instant, my dad said from the other side of me, his voice cracking. 
No!! I wailed, over and over, but it was useless. It wasnt bringing my sister back. Nothing could. I pounded my fists on the floor, then grasped Daphne closer when she huddled next to me. My mom stood up, her hand covering her mouth as she watched me. My dad held her as they cried. 
The memory brought fresh tears to my face, but I didnt bother to wipe them away. Remembering the moment I found out my sister was gone forever wasnt what haunted me, years of therapy had helped that, Cades involvement in the situation was what haunted me. Id heard rumors immediately after the wreck, thats what people did, right? Talk about tragedies and make them worse with their lies? The way people spun the story was unbelievably annoying and pathetic. I hadnt believed what everyone said about Cadebut he proved it was true by not telling me anything. He didnt even say he was sorry at the funeral. The knife he stabbed hurt more and more, cutting deeper with each betrayal, but my sisters death was the final straw. I hadnt spoken to him since thenuntil I was appointed to his case. 
I drifted off to sleep with a tear soaked pillow beneath my head. I snuggled closer to Hammy, allowing his purrs to lull me into my restless night. 




SEATED BEHIND THE WHEEL, I stared at the looming doom doors that led to the HR office. I knew Ms. Thorpe said I was terminated, but I had to find a way to fix it. A loophole or some kind of law that would make her words voided. Pops was gonna make me work for him if I didnt get my shit together. No way did I want that to happen. Id rather live in a cardboard box.
Tinkering and fixing cars was always a way for me to get away, to free my mind from what I worried about, and just get lost for a bit. So, it made sense that after high school, I started working for a local mechanic shop run by a friend of Casons dad. It was small, hometown boy decided to make a business type of thing, but in the past year, hed sold it to a big name company. Thats where Ms. Thorpe and her HR talk came in. Money made people stupid. When Drew sold the shop, I was worried. He always let me work on my own schedule, he knew the things that made me tick, and he didnt threaten my job, unlike this new, macho company. Sometimes I thought they would just threaten me or write me up because they could. I dreaded marching in there and begging for my job, but what choice did I have? Pops would demand I find something, though I knew he would help me if things got too desperate. Groaning, I backed the car away from the main building, driving around to the side so I could find my managers office. 
Ms. Thorpe was tall with dark hair and blue eyes. She was in her mid-thirties and quite attractive. Id tried my best to charm my way into her bed when she first began, but no such luck. Shocking to say the least. Luckily she was oblivious to my advances or I probably would have lost my job then. My only hope now was to charm my way back to my job. I parked the car, getting out and straightening my clothing to look representable. I made my way in, seeing her eyes grow wide when she glanced up and noticed me. She didnt look very happy. I knew this wasnt going to be good. 
Cade, she said, her voice sharp and to the point. 
I held my hand up, stopping her before she kicked me out. Please, let me speak for a moment. 
She sighed loudly, then motioned for me to continue. 
I screwed up. I get that, but Im one of the best youve got. Please, let me have another chance, I begged, giving a dazzling smile. 
She raised an eyebrow, leaning forward onto her hands. Cade, we had this conversation last time you didnt show up for work. Remember? she said with a smile. It doesnt matter how good you are at your job, you arent dependable. Im sorry, but this is it. Ive given you too many chances, she said, eyes weary and her hands lowering. She almost looked upset about it. 
Please I started, but she stood abruptly, stopping me. 
You need to leave. HR has the paperwork for you to sign. Dont make me call security, Mr. Kelling. Yes, you are a fine mechanic, but you have a problem. I can smell the alcohol from here, she hissed, stepping around the desk. Get ahold of your drinking, and maybe we can bring you back.
I dont have a drinking problem, Ms. Thorpe, I chuckled. 
She stared at me, her eyes drilling a hole in me. Her glare was dubious, I see. Well, when you figure it out and get it together, give me a call. She turned, going back to her seat and not giving me another glance. 
I guessed this conversation was over. I backed out the door, lifting my hand in a small wave and calling Have a good day, as I left. 


I poured my fifth glass of scotch, slamming the bottle on the table beside me. The meeting hadnt gone as I thought it would. Ms. Thorpe somehow got them to not actually fire me, but lay me off for medical reasons. I wasnt gone, but I wasnt getting paid or anything either. I didnt fully understand it, but it didnt really matter at this point. Pops had stopped calling about an hour or so ago. Guess he got tired of my automated voicemail. I ignored Cason, too, because I felt guilty. So damn guilty that I lost the job hed got me. Hed stood up for me over and over and this is how I repaid him. I finished the glass, standing to rummage through my wallet. I knew I had her card here somewhereit would have her cell number on there, right? 
When things went wrong, it was Francescas face I saw. Her voice I wanted to hear. Her touch I ached for. It was wrong, so very wrong to keep pulling her into my shitty life, but I couldnt stop myself. I was that selfish. Her card was tucked into the spot behind my license, so I wouldnt lose it. I pulled it out, searching my phone for the number Id called the other day. It appeared that her cell wasnt on here. Dammit. I took a risk, calling the office number, though it was well past seven p.m. The line rang for quite some time, then a messaging service picked up. 
Her voice, soothing and alluring, filled my ear. Youve reached Francesca Taymon. Please leave your name, number, and case information and Ill get back to you. If you need my assistance immediately, you may call my personal line at 845-892-2658. Thank you. 
Bingo. I called again, writing the number down this time, and praying she didnt have a caller ID to show her just how crazy I am. I hesitated after punching the number inmaybe calling her wasnt such a bright idea. I flipped it around, texting her instead. Texting didnt put as much pressure on meshe either answered or she didnt. Callingwell, that could be disastrous. 
Me: Hey. Its Cade. 
Waiting was rough. My whole body longed for her to reply, but my head screamed at me that she shouldnt. I didnt deserve her and she could do so much better. I think it was a full two minutes before my phone gave me a notification. It served me right all those times I stood her up. 
Francesca: Hey. Everything ok?
My heart sped up. She answered. 
Me: No. I lost my job today. I admitted. 
Francesca: Im sorry. What happened?
Me: Just lame stuff. What are you doing? Just throw it out there Cade. Good job, buddy. 
Francesca: Im working on your case. Why?
Texting showed no emotion. It drove me crazy. Do you need help? I asked. 
Francesca: Im a lawyer, Cade. Haha I think I can handle it. 
Me: I think we should hang out soon. 
Francesca: I dont know if thats a good idea One text and she shattered me. 
Me: I do. Please? I would beg if I had to. 
Francesca: What did you have in mind?
Me: Friday night, Ill make us some plans. 7 p.m.  I prayed she said yes. 
Francesca: One condition. You cant be drunk.
Me: Deal.  I would agree to chopping my leg off if it meant spending time with her. 
Francesca: Friday at 7. This isnt a date, Cade. 
I could handle that. She may not think its a date, but I would going to remind her of the time we did go on a date. Granted, I was dating Jade at the time and it was all sorts of wrong, it was still our first date.

7 years prior April
Id been with Jade for roughly six months. Longest six months of my life. She was controlling and a total bitch. She knew I didnt care for her, that she was just a way to waste time, but I think she wanted to somehow make me love her. She tried everything in her power, I granted her that, but nothing work. It couldnt happen. Her name wasnt Francesca Taymon. 
I sat on the swing at the park, the sun setting, leaving a brilliant golden hue that I would enjoy any other day, but I was in hiding. I swung back and forth, the air chilling me to the bone. It wasnt quite spring weather yet, it snowed last week. Lost in my thoughts, I didnt hear her car pull up, or the door shut when she got out. I stared at the sand below my legs when I almost rammed right into her. She stood in front of me, her hair wavy and wild, her eyes dark and foreboding as she watched me. 
Francesca. I dragged my feet, stopping. 
Cade, she said, looking anywhere but my face. I dont know why Im here, she said, reaching in her pocket and pulling out keys. 
No, I said quickly, jumping up and grasping her arm. Please, we need to talk. 
Im so stupid, she said, tears brimming her eyes. 
Im the stupid one, Francesca. Im so sorry, I whispered, pulling her to me tightly. I smoothed her hair, reveling in her scent. Id missed her so much. 
Sorry for what? she asked between sniffles. 
For being with that bitch Im dating. I dont even like her, I admitted, moving her face so I could look into her beautiful eyes. 
Then why are you with her? she questioned, her brown pools full of emotion and intrigue. 
Shes good for the parties, I said, shrugging. 
I see. I thoughtI thought we had something, Cade. She turned from me, crossing her arms and staring at the playground. 
We have something, Francesca. Not had. We have it.
She stiffened, then shook her head. No, we dont. You have a girlfriend.
Im breaking up with her, I said. And I meant it, in that moment. 
She faced me, eyes widened, Really? 
I nodded, pulling her closer. I bent my head, gazing at her for a moment before taking her lips in mine. Electrical bolts seemed to have taken over my body. I felt her arms trail up mine, around my neck, and into my hair. She moaned softly into my mouth, causing me to kiss her that much deeper, harder. When we finally broke, I leaned my forehead to hers, catching my breath. 
Go on a date with me, I demanded. I wouldnt take no for an answer. 
Now? she chuckled. 
I nodded quickly, why not? I held her hands in mine, silently pleading with her to say yes. 
She bit her lip which was incredibly sexy, then nodded slowly. I kissed her again, not as intense this time, then pulled her off to my car. 
Let me drive. I can smell the drinks you had earlier, she said playfully, swatting at my chest. 
I relented, letting her take the keys from me. I instructed her where to go, and though I had been drinking, I was in the moment more than I had been since the last time we went somewhere. I just prayed Jade didnt find out before I could break up with her.

Present Day
Curiosity made me want to know if she remembered. If that night was as important to her as it was me. We hadnt done anything particularly special that night, but it was the best night of my life because I spent the time with her. Her smell, the way she moved, the gentle way her hair moved with the breeze. I could still feel it all. It was so real, such a strong memory. I was determined to make this time around even more memorable. 




SINCE MOVING BACK, ONE WEEKNIGHT a month was dedicated to a girls night out. Daphne insisted I wasnt the type to let loose enough, and demanded I go and have fun with her. Id made a few new friends over the years, so we actually had a decent sized group to go out with. At first, everyone questioned why I stayed sober, but I always though Daph said something because the questions just stopped one night. Some of them new about Josies accident, some did not. I didnt want to talk about it with any of them. 
Shuffling through my clothing, I groaned in frustration. I couldnt decide what to wear. Daphne said look super hot, and left it at that. Her message was cryptic and left me feeling uneasy. I quickly texted Bree asking if she knew what was up. Everything made me feel huge, ugly. A long day at the office equaled a very grumpy Francesca. Frustrated and discouraged, I texted Daph telling her I wasnt going this week. Her reply was almost instant, telling me to shut up and get ready. 
After slipping out of my suit, I searched my closet for my favorite slinky black skirt. It was snug, but it looked good. It actually made me look like I weighed less, something I never understood. I paired it with strappy sandals and a shirt that showed off my assets perfectly. The mirror showed my hair was still straight from this morning, though limp and my make-up needed minimal touch ups. Flipping my head over so my hair fell all around me, I frantically ran my hands through it to add body. Slamming upright, I gripped the counter to steady myself. My face was almost unrecognizable. Doing without sleep was wearing me down. The nightmares had shifted since Cade came back in the picture. It wasnt just Josie I dreamed of, but him too. His lips, the way his hands lightly caressed my hair, how I felt whole around him, and how he lived but she died. 
I fought back the tears as I relined my eyes with the dark pencil. My phone chimed, distracting me enough to almost poke myself. Dropping the eyeliner, I muttered curses as I tried to locate it. I turned every which way, certain Id had it just minutes ago. I fell on the bed, digging under the pillow. Hammy meowed at me, giving me a look of death, and sauntered off. He had attitude for such a pretty little kitty. I gripped my treasure, sliding the screen on to see a text from Bree, a friend I met through Daphne.  
Her: Daph is totally up to something.
Me: Oh, no. What do you know? 
Her: This is on suspicions only. She told me to make sure you look hot. 
Me: Shit. Daphne was definitely up to no good. 
Her: Did you really just cuss? Lol 
Me: Yep. I wasnt one to let people hear me when I was angry. I knew lawyers were ruthless, but I wanted to also be considered a lady. So I kept my temper to myself. I tossed the phone back down, sitting on the edge of my bed, and burying my face in my hands. Daphne was my best friend, I loved her to death, but sometimes she meant well but only harmed the situation. My gut told me she was trying to make me forget about Cade, an impossible task. I vowed to stay for dinner only, then I was leaving. Especially if she invited some male companions along. 
I shuffled to the kitchen, filling Hamlets food bowl and giving him more water. Checking to make sure everything was turned off, I stuffed my phone and wallet into a small clutch and headed out the door. My car, the not so shiny new Honda that desperately needed a wash, was parked snuggly in my small car port. I planned to build a garage, but couldnt seem to find the time to get my dad over to help me. I slid in, buckling and adjusting my mirrors. I look tired, sad. Its not the best feeling to know thats how I appear to everyone, but what more could I do?


The smell of sweat hit me as soon as I passed by the bouncer. Daphne, Bree, Kylie, Ava, and Brooke were seated in a corner booth, sipping their drinks and chatting away like only women can do.  I rushed over, slipping through the sea of bodies. Hands touched me, fingers brushed my legs, and my chest constricted as anxiety gripped at me. Being near this many drunk people wasnt my favorite thing, and Daphne knew that, so I was curious why she chose a place I would hate for our girls night. I arrived at the table in one piece, sliding in the seat next to Ava, the tall redhead I met in a town meeting. 
Hey, Ava, I greeted, then turned sharply to face Daphne. What were you thinking? I hate bars.
Her big eyes widened as she agreed with me. I know.
I stared at her. And? Why here?
You need to get out more, she slurred, and Im going to help you. You need to forget work, forget Cade, and just have fun.
Who is Cade? Bree chimed in, looking genuinely confused. 
No one, we said in unison. 
Kylie laughed loudly, snorting a little, Sure, hes no one. She used air quotes, her blue eyes wide and glassy as she giggled. 
Brooke, the serious, married one of the group leaned forward. You love him. I can see it written all over your face. Tell us who he is, she demanded. Daphne met Brooke in college. I wasnt her biggest fan, mainly because she was snobby to me half the time. She ran hot and cold. I never really knew if she liked me or not. I never understood why, but it didnt matter. Seeing her once a month was something I could handle. 
I loved him at one point, yes, but now hes just my client, I said, looking over the menu. 
Bree looked up, her golden brown eyes widening in excitement, did you say client? A smile crept over her lovey face. She was petite and curvy. Men loved her. She was also the only mom of the group. Her daughter, Ally, was the cutest kid ever. I loved it when she brought her over. Allys dad had split when Bree got pregnant, so she raised her on her own. She was a strong woman. Id have to remember to tell her to bring Ally to meet Hamlet. 
I nodded, a smile spreading widely across my face. 
Finally! Kylie yelled, throwing her arms up. She was tall, lanky, and the tomboy of the group. Id never seen her in a dress or skirt, and doubted I ever would. Her blue peepers were framed with dark lashes to match her equally dark hair. 
Ava smiled, downing the rest of her drink. She slammed the glass on the table, causing me to jump. Her flaming red hair was piled on top of her head, a few tendrils framing her freckled face. Her big blue eyes shone in the dim light and a mischievous smile plastered her face. Yesssss, she hissed, though I didnt know if it was for the drink or because I had a client.  Bree laughed, leaning around her to give me a high five. She was the only other one that didnt get inebriated, so we usually ended up laughing at everyone else. I slapped her hand back, turning in time to see the waiter walk up. He was tall, muscular, and very attractive. Kylie instantly started flirting with him. 
Twisting her brown locks around her finger, she batted her lashes and coyly asked, Hey, handsome, care to get me another drink? Her voice was as smooth as velvet. Vodka on the rocks, please, she said, licking her lips.
Rolling my eyes, I ordered a cheeseburger and water. The other ladies told him what they wanted, then we all watched him walk away. His fitted black pants made his backside look just right. 
Mmhmm, Daphne sighed in front of me, a dreamy look on her face. 
I laughed, shaking my head at them. Girls night out was never dull with these women. I thanked Matthew, our waiter, for my water and sipped it as I studied the bar. People were hanging all over one another, so much so that it was embarrassing for me to even watch. I diverted my eyes, focusing my attention on Bree. 
Hows Ally? I asked, moving my head back and forth around Avas winding body. I felt like a duck. 
Shes good, she made honor roll again, my little super smart girl, she said proudly. 
I hoped to know that pride someday. I sat my water down, getting lost in my thoughts when a foot kicked me under the table. I snapped my eyes up, seeing Daph giggling and looking behind me. What? I questioned, about to turn. 
Ava grasped my arm, Dont, she whispered a little too loudly as she laughed. 
I stared at Daph expectantly. She leaned forward, A guy is checking you out and coming over here. Her eyes widened and she nodded at me, as if telling me to go for it. 
Rolling my eyes yet again, I reached for my phone as a shorter man stopped by the edge of the booth. I looked up, seeing brown eyes and curly blonde hair. He wasnt what I would call attractive, but wasnt hideous either. He smiled widely, showing perfectly straight, white teeth. 
Hi, he said, holding his hand out. Im Ryan. 
I took his hand hesitantly. Ryan, I thought, what an ordinary name. Nothing like Cade. I cursed my mind for thinking of him, smiled slightly, and said, Francesca.
He held on to my hand, the sweat of his skin streaking my palm. I tried not to grimace. 
Wanna dance? he asked, his beady eyes looking me over. 
Why did I wear a low shirt? Umm I started, but was interrupted by Daphne.
Yes, she will! Go on now, Franny. Dance with this nice man, she cooed at me, a devious look in her eyes. 
I glared at her, silently telling her how much trouble she was in when this was over. Standing, I contained the groan that tried to slip out as I realized I was almost a head taller than him. I glanced back at my friends, seeing them all trying to contain their laughter. I scrunched up my face in anger, letting Ryan lead me to the floor. His sweaty hands grasped my waist, going to my hips, and I directed them back up. 
Sorry, Franny, he said, leaning closer. 
My name is Francesca, I corrected him, stepping back. 
You friends call you Franny. Am I not a friend? he asked. I could smell the alcohol rolling off his breath. 
No, youre not. 
Can I be? he mumbled, his face inching closer to my chest. 
I dont think thats a good idea, I said, moving back once again. 
Youre pretty, he hissed, his eyes unclothing me. 
Thanks, I said, disgustedly. 
He stumbled forward, Can I mix my baby batter with your eggs? he slurred trying to reach up and kiss me. 
I pushed him off me, yelling, Get away! 
His hands moved upward, trying to grope me, when a strong body pulled me away. I looked around, shocked to see Cade rescuing me. 
Dont touch her, he commanded. His eyes were wide, angry, his voice deep and threatening. He, too, smelled like alcohol, but I didnt care in this moment. He was here getting this creep away from he. His hands held me tightly, pressing my body to his. My breath quickened being so close to Cade. He sensed my distress, giving me a slight squeeze. 
Hey, she was dancing with me, Ryan declared, puffing his chest out, making himself look like a fish of some sort. He was at least a foot shorter than Cade, his body could be smashed in seconds. 
I laughed, loudly, as I imagined Cade squashing him like a bug. 
Now shes not. Go, Cade said, pointing towards the door. His nostrils flared. He was angry. 
I placed my hand on his chest, trying to not think of how hard and muscular it felt, Cade, I whispered, leaning closer, its ok. Lets just go. 
Ryan moved closer, grabbing at my hand. Come on, Franny, leave this jerk behind. Lets finish dancing. 
Ok, one: dont call me Franny. Two: Im not dancing with you. And three: Im a lawyerIm about to call my buddies at the police department to come see you about harassment for trying to grope me one more time. 
His eyes widened in surprise and he backed away, his hands raised up and head shaking. 
Cade laughed, his voice deep and alluring next to my ear. I realized I was still pressed into him, but I couldnt make myself back away. Our eyes locked, the fluttering sensation starting in my tummy that always happened with Cade. He spun me around, pulling me to the dance floor.




HER SKIN WAS HOT AGAINST mine, her breath sweet and tantalizing the closer she got. Her brown eyes peered at me, questioning mixed with longing, under her mile long lashes. She continued to gaze at me as I pulled her closer. The song was fast, but I didnt care. Seeing that creep trying to put moves on her made me realize just how much she still meant to me. How badly I wanted her. 
Cade, she breathed, her voice husky. This song isnt slow. She looked around, checking for stares, I was sure. 
I dont care, I admitted. Are you ok? I questioned, lifting her chin in my fingers. 
She nodded, looking over my shoulder, at my nose, anywhere but my eyes. 
Okone more question, I said. 
She finally connected her gaze, my heart fluttering on impact. What? she whispered. 
Did that guydid hedid he really ask you to mix your eggs with his baby batter? I chuckled out. 
Her eyes widened as her teeth captured her lip. She shook as she laughed, gripping her stomach and almost doubling over. Yes, she giggled out, barely catching her breath. 
I laughed louder, grasping her hand to guide her off the dance floor. She directed me towards a table filled with women, all gaping at us. Her hand slid out of mine and I felt empty without her touch. She stopped at the edge of the table, fidgeting with the edge of her shirt. 
Hello, Cade, the pretty brunette said, a knowing look on her face. 
Upon further inspection, I saw it was Daphne something or the other, Francescas friend from high school. 
Oh, heyDaphne, right? I greeted, raising my fingers in a slight wave. 
Mmhmm, she said, her eyes darting from me to Francesca, over and over again. 
Are you ladies having a good night? I asked, smiling at each one when I made eye contact. 
It just keeps getting better, a bright redhead acknowledged. 
Well, Francesca, I think you will be ok left in these ladies capable hands, Im going back to meet up with my friend, Jay. 
She looked almost sad to see me go, but the look passed quickly. Ok. Thanks again, Cade, she said, her voice soft as her hand reached out to my arm. 
Anything for you, Francesca.


I woke sprawled on my bed, feet dangling over the side. My face was mushed in the covers. I hadnt even made it to the pillows. Disoriented, I raised up, rubbing my eyes. My foot hit something that moaned. Namely, a someone who moaned. I maneuvered my body around, careful to not fall, to see Jay in the floor. Flat on his back, his mouth was open wide and he snored loudly. Groaning, I sat up. The room spun slightly, but not as much as I expected. After seeing Francesca, I drank half the alcohol in the place. I couldnt remember what I did after I watched Francesca leave with her friends. My memories were blank. Honestly, I couldnt tell you how I got home. 
Jay, I grunted out, poking him with my foot. Wake up, man.
He rolled over, away from my prodding, and buried his face in the mass of clothes laying there. 
I stood, gaining my balance before I attempted walking, and went to release the contents of last night. Afterwards, I downed a glass of water, chasing it with a shot of whiskey. Checking my phone, I was disappointed to not see anything from Francesca. I dont know why I expected her to contact me. It was hope more than anything. 
Jay stumbled through the hallway, leaning on the wall for balance. He practically fell through the bathroom, landing against the counter with a thud. I didnt stop the laughter from escaping my lips. 
Shut up, asshole, he called out. 
Nope, I replied, waltzing back to the kitchen to pour him a class of water. I took another shot as I waited. 
He shuffled in, his hands holding the mess of blond hair on his head. Why did you let me drink so much? he cried out.  His body slumped in the chair, his head falling to the table. 
Drink up, tiger, I joked, sliding the glass to him. Jay was an old friend Id met through work. He was a couple of years younger than me and he, apparently, couldnt hold his alcohol. 
Groaning, he sipped the water. How are you not as messed up as I am? he questioned, looking envious. 
Shrugging, I just smiled, patted him on the back, and headed for a shower.


The rest of the day was a blur. Jay eventually made his way home, though he still whined about his hangover. I drank, ate, and drank some more. Pops called twice, though I didnt answer, and Cason showed up around 6 p.m. 
Whats going on, bud? I asked, ushering him in. 
Came to check on the job situation. You found anything yet? he asked, making himself comfortable on the couch. 
Shaking my head, I grabbed two beers from the refrigerator and sat beside him. Nah, not yet. Havent really looked, I admitted, popping the tab. 
Cade, I dont think Dad will bail you out anymore, he said, pushing his beer away. 
Of course he will, little brother. He always does, I shrugged, drinking half the can in one gulp. 
I talked to your boss, Cade. 
So? I looked at him like he had three heads. What did that matter?
She told me what she said to you. About how you could get your job back. 
Oh, yeah, she seems to think I have a drinking problem, I laughed, chugging the rest. You gonna drink that? I asked, pointing to his unopened can.
He shook his head, leaning back with his arms crossed. Maybe you do.
Do what? I inquired, turning to face him. 
Have a drinking problem? he said sharply, pointing to the drink in my hand. 
I laughed again, louder this time, No, I dont. I can stop at any time I want. I just dont want to.
Cade, I think you need to sober up, he said, his voice rising. 
What the hell is your problem? I yelled, slamming the can on the table. Dammit, you made me spill some!
He shook his head, taking the can quickly from my grasp and rushing to pour it down the sink. I followed after him, the anger growing. I saw him rustling through my kitchen drawers, then moving back to the living room. 
What are you doing? I asked him. 
Looking for your keys.
Why? I spat out. 
Because, big brother, I dont trust you to be here alone, drunk and unable to make decisions, with access to your car. And I need to leave before I get really mad at you. So tell me where they are, he demanded. 
With a curt shake, I said, No. The shiny treasure set was lying on top of the TV, but I wasnt going to tell him that. Nor was I going to give myself away by trying to get them first. My insides were twisting, my skin growing hot. Cason was being ridiculous and it pissed me off. 
Cade, he said, then turned quicker than I imagined he could, reached out, snatched the keys, and headed towards the door. 
I ran after him, grabbing him by the shoulder. Cason! Give me my damn keys, I screamed, gripping his arm tightly. 
He shook me off in seconds, and I realized the alcohol was making me slightly weaker than he. He simply stared at me, watching as I tried to regain balance, and shook his head. His face was sullen, disappointed, and sad. 
I dont know how to help you. Maybe, he appeared to be lost in his thoughts, his eyes boring a hole in the wall, maybe she could help you.
What? I dont need help. And who are you talking about? I replied, growing more and more frustrated with my brother. 
One hand grasped the door knob, the other held tightly to the keys. I love you, Cade. And Im worried about you. Thats all you need to know. I agree with Ms. Thorpe. He gave me one last look, his eyes wide and childlike as they filled with his despair. 
Cason, I said, moving to stop him, but I was too slow. He slammed the door behind him, rattling the few pictures that adorned the walls. I sank to my knees, burying my head in my arms. I didnt know what was up with my brother, but I had a deepening feeling in my gut that my life was going to change soon. For the better or worse, I didnt know, but something was coming.




I WAS KEEPING THE SECRET that I was going out, but not on a date, with Cade on Friday to myself. I could get in a ton of trouble at work, not to mention Daphne would have a field day with it. The week was passing quickly, it was already Wednesday, and the closer I got to the outing, the more nervous I got. Cade saved me after our girls nightthough I didnt need him to, I was ecstatic he did. Hed only come back into my life a little over a week ago, and yet everything had been turned upside down. 
I parked my car in the spot closest to the cart return. The light seemed to shine more brightly there, so I always felt safer after daylight hours. The walk in was quick, I sped up to ensure I got in securely. I couldnt tell anyone why, but the dark scared me. A lot. It was an irrational fear. One I wasnt proud of. 
Grabbing the closest cart, I slung my bag in and examined my list. My pen was poised, ready to check items off as I got them. I wasnt really paying attention or I think I would have recognized her. Sensed her. Something. Whether it be work, Cade, or the shopping at hand, I was distracted. 
Jade Smithson sashayed up, her glaring green eyes squinted as her eyes took me in. Her hair was up, her clothes as trashy as ever. She was the type that had to have her boobs hanging out every day. And I mean, hanging out. Im pretty sure that her outfits could make a prostitute blush. Her lips were painted a bright shade of pink, her eyes a bright green shadow adorning her lids. She reminded me of a clown.  
Why if it isnt the slut, Francesca Taymon, she cackled, her voice like nails on a chalkboard. Being here in front of her reminded me of the time she cornered me after school.

7 years prior August
It was hot. The kind of hot that made your skin stick to everything and your clothes feel like they needed to be spun through the washer one more time. I was driving around, all the windows down, and the air on high. A little counterproductive, now that I thought about it. 
I didnt see her old, white beat up truck get on the road behind me until it was too late. School had ended not twenty minutes before. People were still all around town, talking, laughing, and hanging out. Jade wasnt in school anymore, she had supposedly graduated the year before. It was still a little difficult for me to believe considering she never showed up and when she did, she was sneaking around with some boy or another while ditching class. Being the hopeless case she was she still came to hang out on school grounds after hours. Pathetic, I know. 
The consistent honking jarred me from my concentration. Glancing in the rear view mirror, I saw her hag-like face conforming into awful expressions and mouthing words I couldnt understand. My heartbeat quickened. Jade was crazy, it was well known, and her following me down the road couldnt be a good sign. Sighing when I saw the school parking lot come into view, I made the hasty decision to pull in and have witnesses for whatever was about to happen. I parked near other vehicles, seeing the football team running around on the baseball field. My school was odd, the football players worked out there instead of their own field. 
A door slammed behind me, an unladylike voice increasingly rising as it drew closer. The working out ceased. The kids hanging out and talking all stopped. It seemed all eyes were on me and Jade. She gripped the window seal, bending to get eye level. 
What the hell, you little whore! You stay away from my man! she screamed, spitting on my face. 
I saw Cason, Cades little brother, inching off the field towards us. I dont know what youre talking about, I stated as calmly as I could while swiping the spit off of me. 
Like hell you dont. I know all about your little date with him. Hes mine! Stay away or you will be very, very sorry. He doesnt like you anyway. He was just drunk and we were fighting. He loves me, little girl. You think youre woman enough for a man like Cade? Think again, she ranted. Her voice was screechy and ugly. How could Cade stand her?
I dont want him, dont worry, I told her, moving the gearshift to reverse. I backed the car out, not even looking to see if anyone was behind me. She jumped back seconds before I ran over her feet. I hid my tears until I got home, but then they fell freely. The slutty girlfriend was right. I wasnt enough for Cade. And the fact that he was still with her was more than enough proof. 

Present Day
Jade, I spat out, my voice full of hatred. 
She looked me over, smirking like she knew a secret I didnt. Seen our boy Cade lately? He still calls me up, ya know, she leaned forward, like she was letting me on this secret, he likes the things I do to him. 
I dont know if it was because she was so close to me, the stress I was under, or the thought of Cade putting his hands on her body, but anger took over. My fist clenched and before I knew what I was doing, it collided with her nose. I heard a crack and her eyes widened. She gripped her face, groaning slightly, before anger got the best of her. 
You bitch! she screamed, lunging for me. 
I flung my hands out to protect myself from her, but she was too quick. Her small hands pulled and squeezed my hair, turning my head every which way. I kicked my leg out, desperate for her to let go. I could hear people shouting at us to stop, but I didnt care. This was my chance to get back at her for what she did all those years ago, and I was taking it. 
Youre the bitch, I grunted out, finally getting her to release my hair by squeezing her wrists until she had to let go. I kicked her knee hard enough to make her fall, then once again for good measure. Her nose was smeared with blood, but I didnt think I broke it. She peered up at me helplessly and for a split second I felt bad for her. But that feeling was fleeting. I couldnt celebrate my victory for long, because just then, the cops strolled in. 


Id never been in a jail cell, or a fight for that matter. Both of those things changed tonight. The cot was hard, rough, and gross. Jade sat on the other side, glaring at me like she was contemplating going for round two. I prayed she didnt. I doubted Id win again. I heard footsteps coming closer, so I stood up, straight and proud. The policeman, Officer Max Rogers, stepped forward, his eyes widening at the sight of me. 
Francesca Taymon? Lawyer at J & B Firm? he questioned, sounding astonished. 
The one and only, I said, giving my best smile and a little spin. I always expected Max thought I was pretty or something, because he usually flirted. 
Well, what the heck are you doing in there? he gasped, reaching for his keys. 
There was a little altercationshe provoked me, I lost my temper. It was a mistake, wont happen again, I explained, not looking at Jade at any point. 
Hey, I want to press charges! she exclaimed, jumping to her feet. 
Max raised his brows, giving us both a once over. Alright, ladies. You two need to discuss this. Ill give you a few minutes, he said, gently smiling at me as he walked away. 
I turned quickly, cornering Jade against the cot. Listen, I didnt press charges the time you threatened me in the school parking lot, or all those times I saw you drive by my house. So just drop it, ok? Im a lawyer and you wont win anything. The most Id get is a few hours community service, but lets face it, I know all the judges and cops in this town and you are trouble. Always have been. This is not in your best interest. I glared at her, not even blinking. 
Her eyes were wide and I saw fear in them. She sat down, I was always jealous. He never loved me, she whispered. 
Im not talking about Cade. Are you pressing charges? I inquired. 
She stared up at me, then shook her head. No.
Ok. I spun on my heel, Max! I called. 
He reappeared, a smirk on his face, and unlocked the cell. You two are free to go. 
Thanks, Max, I smiled sweetly, patting his arm. 
Yeah, thanks, Max, Jade cooed behind me. 
He recoiled from her touch, taking large steps backwards. Good evening, maam. Ill see you in a moment, Francesca. He nodded his head to us both, then escorted Jade out. 
Crossing my arms, I leaned against the bars and waited. My stupidity meter was on overload the past week or so. I punched Jade Smithson. I grinnedI punched Jade Smithson. Daphne would flip her lid before she threw me a congratulatory party. I was giggling to myself when Max walked up with an amused grin on his face. 
Dont start talking to yourself, there, Francesca. I dont wanna call the loony bin on you, he chuckled. 
Ha. Ha. Max, youre hilarious. Can you give me a ride to my car? I asked. 
I was planning on it. Thats why I got that hooker looking girl out of here, so we wouldnt have to deal with her, he confessed. 
I almost snorted. She does look like a hooker. Acts like one too, I agreed. Lets go, I said, linking my elbow with his offered one. 
He smiled, patted my hand, leaned in, saying, You did good. Shes gonna have a black eye. 
I tried to hide the smile, but it was hard to contain. As bad as it was, I was proud of myself. 




MY DATE THAT FRANCESCA WASNT calling a date was in less than twenty four hours. To say I was nervous would be an understatement. My stomach was a constant knot, my palms eternally sweaty. Pops hadnt called me since yesterday, but I couldnt tell you if that was a good thing or a bad thing. Cason still hadnt returned my keys, but I suspected once I explained to him my plans for tomorrow, he would oblige for the greater good. 
I hoped anyways.
I downed the last of my beer an hour ago, and I only had a bottle of Whiskey and a bottle of JD left. The liquid burned on the way down, but it calmed me all over. Planning out and reliving all of mine and Francescas important moments was a big deal. It could make or break me. I didnt want to scare her, or make her sad, but I had to let her know how important she was to me. She deserved better than me, I was the first to admit it, but she also deserved to know how much of my heart she held captive. To know how her eyes could peer at me and see my soul. How her touch lit me on fire, and yet I wanted to endure it forever. How her voice was like angels singing a song only I could hear. And how seeing her face made me want to puke, make love to her, and run all at the same time. 
I continued drinking, watching some dumb movie on television while I sprawled out on the couch. After it ended, or the bottled emptied, I couldnt remember, I called Cason. He hated excuses, but he loved Francesca, so I was praying for success. His phone rang and rang, making me wonder if he was ignoring me when I heard him mumble a greeting. 
Cason, Im sorry ok? I started. 
Have you been drinking, Cade? he questioned. 
Cason.
Dont, ok? It doesnt matter what you say, you arent getting your keys back. And I went and got your spare from Dad, so dont even think of calling Mom, he argued.
Im taking Francesca out tomorrow, Cason. Dammit, I cant make her drive. And I already promised her I wouldnt be drinking, so come on. Lighten up, I pleaded. Not that I wanted to, it was a must at this point. 
No, he said frankly. 
Damn you, I hissed, ending the call before he could reply. The old motorcycle in the garage at home was my only hope. It hadnt been ridden in a couple of years, and I had no idea if Francesca would get on it, but I didnt see any other option at this point. Gaining my courage, I dialed Mom.


Sneaking around with my mother at 2 a.m. wasnt something I ever anticipated Id be doing. Ever. She quickly agreed to help me get the bike off the property, but we had to be stealthy. Pops was on the lookout after Casons warning, so we waited. And waited until he fell asleep. Who knew my mom was so secretive. It made me wonder how many times she hid things from Pops, but I wasnt curious enough to actually ask. 
Tell me again about your plans, she sighed. 
Mom, come on. I told you twice already, I groaned. She wanted Francesca to be the daughter she didnt have. And she was adamant I get things rolling quickly. 
Its just so romantic. You love her, she stated. 
I hadnt told her that at any time in my life. I did love her, but no one knew. It wasnt something I was comfortable sharing with others. Dont put words in my mouth, Mom.
I didnt. Your eyes gave you away, she said, slowing the car and shutting the headlights off.
 What are you doing? I questioned. 
We have to walk from here, she explained, dead serious. 
What? Why? I turned quickly, confused about what was happening. 
Listen, Cade, youre old enough to know this. Derek doesnt like it when I help you. He says I baby you, so I go behind his back quite often to help you out of your problems, she told me, turning to face me. Hes threatened to leave me, Cade, because I help you when you drink. I dont want a divorce, so were sneaking. Either we walk from here or youre on your own, she stated. 
I was shocked. I couldnt believe she just told me that. Mom, Im sorry. I wrapped my arm around her, realizing just how much my mother did for me. 
JustCadedont screw this up with Francesca, ok? You two have something amazing, and she makes you different. So let her help you. Its time to grow up, you know? 
Her words sank in and I nodded slowly. I couldnt, and wouldnt, make any promises, but I would try. For Mom and for Francesca. 
She didnt say anything else, only shut the car off and quietly got out. The door made no sound when she shut it and she headed up the driveway. It wasnt a particularly long driveway, but I didnt want to think of how many times shed been out here alone in the middle of the night. Our town wasnt known for violence, but it happened. 
Mom, I hissed, sliding into step with her. How are we going to get it out of here?
Youre going to walk it down to the road and ride it, she told me, looking at me like I wasnt all there in the head. 
I havent rode it in years. What if it doesnt work? I whispered back. 
Itll be ok. Its been ridden. 
Who? Whos been riding it? Dont tell me Pops, I said in shock. 
No, she said, shaking her head. Me. She strolled up to the garage, which was already open, and uncovered the sleek, black bike. 
It was shiny, it looked like it had been recently painted, and it made my heart clench with want. Riding was an escape. A way to leave my problems behind, but when I wrecked at nineteen, Pops had called it off limits. Why he let me keep it, I didnt know, but it seemed as if Mom had kept it in working condition for me. My mom, the silent but strong woman that always stood up for me was not the type to get on a motorcycle, much less actually drive it, but here she was, surprising me once again. 
Youre awesome, Mom, I said, grinning widely. 
Her blue eyes blazed with confidence and she stood a little straighter. Thank you, Son. Now, listenIm letting you take this, but Cade, you have to straighten up. Grow up. Be responsible. Francesca isnt going to put up with your shit and if youre the man I think you are, youll want to change for her. I see how she changes you. You shine from the inside, your eyes glow with happiness, she stepped forward, placing a hand on my arm, Dont lose that.
I stared at her. My mother just said shit and was telling me who I loved. The twilight zone had come and taken over my life. I simply nodded, kicking the kickstand loose so I could walk the bike out. Love you, Mom. 
Taking a step towards me, she hugged me tightly, I love you too. Be careful, she whispered. 
I saw tears in her eyes, but I didnt know why. What about your car?
Its ok. I parked it on the road before, so Ill leave it.
Ok, bye, Ma.
She raised a hand to wave, a small smile crossing her face. 
I turned, slowing and quietly making my way to the road. The bike moved smoothly and my legs were itching to straddle the seat, to feel the power beneath me as I glided down the road, to feel in control of something for once. I made it to the street, flinging my leg over and sliding in the key. I cruised it down a few houses, then turned it on. The motor roared with power, the adrenaline pulsing through my veins. Revving the engine, I balanced myself and took off. The wind whipped around me, the cool of night enveloping me. The drive was short, but enough to calm my nerves. Racing inside, I finished off the alcohol I had left and fell into a deep sleep, excited at the possibilities only hours away.




IT WAS 100% OFFICIAL, ID lost my mind. I made plans to have a half day at work to get ready for a non-date with Cade. I rolled my eyes at myself every five minutes or so, because I really was being an idiot. I hurried in the building door, stopping exasperatedly to say hi to Zander. He looked me over, the deep blue depths seeing right through me. He chuckled, a rich and deep sound, while shaking his head. 
What is with you? he questioned, standing to hand off the notes hed taken and my mail. 
Z. I groaned, planting my face in my palms. Im an idiot.
Not completely, you did finish law school, he teased. 
Yeah, but, Im still an idiot when it comes to men, I mumbled. 
He leaned forward, his voice lowering, Ill come to your office on break. His fingers clenched my upper arm, a frightened gleam in his eye. 
Ok, I said, confused. I looked around, seeing many of the partners moving around the building. Now I understood. I nodded to him, then hurried to get to work. The partners rarely all came out at once. So something was definitely up. Zander was still working on his undergrad degree, but hoped to be a lawyer, so neither one of us could afford to screw up around them. I slid in my little corner unnoticed, closing the door softly behind me. Whatever was going on, I didnt want to be in the middle of it, especially since I already asked for a half day. I shuffled through the notes, stopping when I saw one about the city. 
City Ordinance 1057: The city council designates clean-up of all sidewalks in city limits. Replacement of all street lamps, bus benches, and updating all advertisement boards required. 
Blah, blah, blah. All I saw was the replacement of bus benches. The place where Cade and I met would be gone forever. My heart was hurting, my feelings all over the place. Resting my head in my hand, I willed my eyes to not drop tears. A knock on my door startled me. I snapped up straight, shuffled the papers to look like I was working, and yelled, Come in!
Zander slid in, his dark hair ruffled, a few buttons of his shirt popped open. Holy shit, Francesca. These people are crazy. The door clicked behind him. He strutted over. Stretching out in the chair, he leaned his head back and sighed loudly. Theyre doing half the performance appraisals today, he muttered. 
What? Appraisals are supposed to be months away, I exclaimed, hopping to my feet. Frantically, I searched for my notes on the matter, then my phone. I had to let Cade know I would be working late. I needed to find a mirror and make myself more presentable.
Chill, ok? Yours is next week, he said, his eyes wide as he watched me. 
How do you know? I inquired. 
He shrugged, I know things.
Relaxed, I gingerly sat back down, staring at him. He was fighting a laugh as he stared back. What?
You were freaking out. It was hilarious, he chuckled. 
I glared at him before sticking my tongue out. Shut up, I huffed, crossing my arms. 
He laughed loudly, Oh, mature. Please, tell me whats going on now. I only have, he drew his words out, looking around to find my clock, five more minutes. 
I exhaled heavily, drumming my fingers against my desk. Remember the client you freaked out about? Yeah, well, he wants to hang out tonight. And Im a mess, Z. A mess, I groaned. 
His mouth fell open and he didnt even blink. Do it.
What? I said, shocked, Youre supposed to tell me how awful this is. Talk me out of it. 
I shouldbut Im not. You have worked your ass off for these people for too long. I say do it. Even if you get caught, itll be worth it. You shouldnt work here anyways, you could be much more successful in your own practice. 
Youre crazy, I giggled, waving him off. 
He gripped the arms of the chair, leaning forward, Im serious. His face was stern, his eyes staring deep in mine. Think about it. Ill come work for you if you do. I have to go back. He stood, giving me a serious finger wagging before exiting. 
I leaned back, twirling in the chair. Having my own practice wasnt something I hadnt thought of. I dreamed of it often, but Cades case was my first. I wasnt all that experienced. I didnt want to start something only to fail. I played it safe. I played life safejust like Daphne was always telling me. I didnt want to be this way, I wanted to enjoy life. Every second of it. For me and for Josiebut how? I was scared. A big chicken about getting hurt, about failure, even falling in love. I scribbled a few positive reinforcement notes on my pad, then got to work. Less than two hours and I would be able to leave and concentrate on my weekend.


The warm water eased my tension. I relaxed some, but not enough to shake the overwhelming feeling of nervousness that was quickly overtaking my body. Cade Kelling was all I ever wanted but everything I wanted nothing to do with. He was my everything but I couldnt lose myself to him again. He may have been the reason my little sister, my wonderful, amazing, beautiful sister, died. I thought I knew, but now doubt was quickly sneaking its way into my mind. I shut the water off, toweling myself dry and wrapping my hair up. I had no earthly idea what to wear, or where to even start, but I knew I couldnt look too good. Dressing up would make him think I thought it was a date. And while deep down I felt like it was, I couldnt admit that to him. Not yet, anyways. He always held all the power, the control, when we were younger. I was just the young, innocent girl that was head over heels for him. I couldnt be her anymore. I had to be stronger, braver, more aggressive. 
I aimlessly lay on the bed, petting Hammy with one hand and tracing the outline of my phone with the other. Tonight was either going to be very, very good, or a disaster. And I honestly didnt know which way I wanted it to go. Scratching Hamlet one last time under the chin, I headed for the closet. Choosing my skinny jeans and a black top, to keep things simple yet classic, I quickly dressed. My hair was still dripping, so I situated myself on the side of the bed, flipping my head over to scrub and towel dry my locks. My hair was beginning to wave, so I did my best to dry it this way. I knew Cade liked it wavy, and I felt my sexiest when it was this way, so it was definitely what I was going for. 
I kept my make-up minimal, but lined my eyes black. The dark liner with dark eyes was a deadly combo. And I needed all my ammo handy tonight. Cade texted at 5-ish, reminding me he was alcohol free and we had plans at 7. This new Cade in the old Cades body wasodd. He contacted me first, he remembered our plans, actually acted like he cares. I always felt like he had feelings for me, deep down, but his actions spoke so much louder than his words. He could call me beautiful and kiss me all day, but if he didnt remember to call or come by the next day, it meant nothing. It took him a year to break up with Jade after our first date. And he never came to me. He didnt once ask me to forgive him and be his girlfriendyet, here I was, killing myself to look and feel sexy for him. I shook my head at my reflection, youre stupid, I told the girl staring back. I hated that my eyes were dancing with excitement. That he made me feel this way. I gripped the counter, almost to the point of cancelling, when my phone chimed. 
Daphne: Lets go out tonight.
Me: Cant. I have plans.
Daphne: With who??? 
Of course she asked who. Daphne is too nosy for her own good. Me: Myself, duh.
Daphne: Are you sitting at home talking to the cat? Watching Twilight or Gilmore Girls or something? 
She accused me like any of that would be a bad to be doing on a Friday night. Me: You know me so well. 
Daphne: Im coming to get you at 8. 
Well, she would be in for a surprise. Me: Ok, but I wont be here. 
Daphne: Ha! Well see. 
Yes, Daphne, we will see. I was going to be so much unlike the Francesca everyone knew. I was actually going to have fun with Cade. And I wasnt going to regret it tomorrow. Nor was I going to overthink every word he said, or over analyze every move he made. He wanted to prove something to me? Ok, Id let him, but I was taking it for what it was worth and nothing more. 
Time had slipped away from me and I noticed it was surprisingly close to 7 p.m. I glanced out the window, thinking I heard a car but all I saw was a motorcycle. It was slowing in front of my house and my heartbeat sped up. Cade had a cardidnt he? The rider stepped off, removing the helmet to show a glimpse of dark brown hair. His piercing blue eyes caught in the setting sun and I stepped back quickly, praying he didnt see me peeping. Cade Kelling was hereon a motorcycle.




SHADOWS MOVED QUICKLY BEHIND HER curtains, leaving me chuckling to myself as I walked up to her door. My knuckles collided with the wood three times, then I stuffed both hands in my pockets. No girl had ever made me this nervous. I even dressed up for our date she wouldnt let me call a date. My dark jeans were nice, no holes or anything in them, and the black buttoned shirt I wore was always a big hit at bars. I rolled the sleeves up because I remembered she told me it was sexy when I did that. I remembered everything she said, whether I wanted to or not. Hearing the hinges creak, I looked up to see her standing before me. Her blonde waves danced in front of me as her eyes glanced me over. 
Francesca, I said, You look gorgeous. 
Thanksbut she peered down, then back to me, we match, Cade.
I chuckled, So? I dont think anyone is going to think were twins. Lets go. I held my arm out to escort her to my bike. She hesitantly linked us together at the elbows. I prayed she couldnt hear the intense beating in my chest. She clicked the lock, checking to make sure it worked, and we started down the steps. 
Listen, if we need to take your car, its ok. Cason had to borrow mine for a few days, so this is all I have, I explained, watching her from the corner of my eye. 
Pulling her lip in between her teeth, she tensed and chewed as she thought about it. She looked at me, her eyes wide and laced with fear. Do you have a helmet? she whispered. 
I grinned widely, You bet I do! Youre going to love it. Its so freeing to ride. I pulled her over, getting the spare and gently placing it on her head. I smoothed her hair down, tucking it behind her ears and snapping the strap. Adorable.
She gave me a half smile and rolled her eyes. Hardly. You havent been drinking, right? she asked, appearing nervous. 
I shook my head, I told you I wouldnt. I couldnt stop my finger from caressing her cheek. 
Her eyes closed and she sighed every so softly. It took everything in me to not kiss her right then. Her head leaned into my hands, snuggling me like her cat had. It needed to stop. We were getting lost in each other and our night hadnt even begun. 
Come on, I said, guiding her to the seat with a wink. I hopped on, patting the spot behind me for her to sit. Just hold on tight. Wrap your arms around my waist and move when I do. 
What if I dont? she said with a shaky voice. 
I stifled a laugh, Then youll fall off of course.
Her breathing deepened and I felt her struggling to get off. I cant do this. 
I turned, grasping her arm, Im kidding, Francesca. I would never let anything happen to you. Just try to move when I do, if not, its ok. I can handle it. 
She nodded, though it was unconvincing. I revved the bike to life, feeling her arms tighten against my stomach. Why didnt you think of this years ago, Cade?  I placed my hand on top of hers, giving a slight squeeze, then returned it to the handles. I sped down the road. Fast enough for her to feel the lightness of a motorcycle, but not enough to scare her shitless. She gripped me tightly the entire time.


The drive to the park was short, not giving me hardly enough time with Francescas arms wound around me. I glanced over my shoulder, seeing the confusion marking her face. 
Were going to the park? she asked, her eyes colliding with mine. 
I hesitated. Every time our eyes met, I was speechless. Something about this dazzling woman in front of me drove me mad, crazy, insane. So I nodded. I flung my leg over, careful to not kick her, and placed the helmet dangling off the handle. I held my hand out, assisted her off the machine, and took her hand in mine. Remember that time you came here when I was swinging? I asked, leading her to the swing set. I heard a gasp. I turned, smiling at her sheepishly and shrugged. 
Really? Were reliving it? she inquired, her eyes wide as she took in the surroundings. I havent been here since that night
Francesca, that night was so special to me. I know you think I dont remember because I drink too much, but I do. I can recall the way your hair shone in the moonlight, how saddened your eyes were when we talked about that slut, the way you kept reaching for your keys, and the gasp you let out when I told you we had something, I said, walking closer to her. That night meant so much to me, Francesca. You mean so much to me, I choked out, sucking in a breath as I waited to see her reaction. 
Her brown eyes brimmed with tears as she crossed her arms to hold herself. Cade.
Why? Why are you so closed off to me, baby? Please, tell me how to fix it, I pleaded. 
You cant, she exclaimed, turning from me. You cant bring her back.
Bring who back? I wondered. Francesca.
Did you leave her? Did you find her wrecked and leave her? Were you driving? 
Her sister. It all made sense now. She hated me because she thought it was my fault her sister died. No, I said sternly, shaking my head furiously. I wouldnt do that to you, to her, to anyone. Francesca, I called the ambulance that night. 
Her tears fell down freely. Her knuckles were white from gripping herself so tightly. Cadeeveryone told me.they said you were driving and left so you wouldnt get a dui.
I practically sprinted to her side, pressing her body against my chest. I would never do that to anyone, especially your sister. I was not driving, she was, and I was behind her on the road. I had been drinking too, but I was sober enough to call an ambulance immediately. I went up to sit with her, but Francesca, she wasnt moving. I didnt touch her because I always heard on those TV shows not to do that, but the ambulance got there pretty quick. It was too late. Shed hit her head, baby. Im so sorry, I explained, sniffling back my own tears. 
Her body heaved with sobs. She clenched my shirt, her tears soaking through to my chest. I held her, letting her get it all out. We stood there, in the middle of the small park, for I dont know how long. No one else came by, no one stopped to see what we were up to. I caressed her head, doing my best to relax her. Everything made sense now. Why she refused to talk to me after the accident. Why she was so cold to me that day at the restaurant. Why she fought with all she had to not get close to me again. Whoever told her that needed to pay. 
Cade? she sniffled. 
Yes, baby doll. 
Why didnt you come to me? she pressed, detangling her body from my arms. 
My heart was heavy, breathing difficult. She was oblivious to everything that had happened. It wasnt fair, it wasnt right. I tried, I sighed. 
When? she said, her eyes wide in horror. No you didnt.
Nodding, I grabbed her small, delicate hands in mine. Yes, I did. You were dating that guy you met right before you moved away. He refused to let me see you. He told me my voice almost broke, he said you didnt want to see me. I left it alone after that.
She cried out softly, choking on her sobs. Oh my God. Her hands left mine, finding her chest. She breathed, leaning her head to look at the sky. George was always jealous of you. Hed heard rumors, she muttered. 
George? Figures that tools name was George, I snickered. 
She scoffed at me, rolling those beautiful eyes she possessed. Dont make fun of his name, she chided. Make fun of him.
I laughed, loudly, and scooped her into a tight hug. Ive missed you so. I didnt even realize how much until I saw you last week. Her hair smelled nice, like lavender andFrancesca. Caressing her cheek, I searched her eyes for any sign she was feeling what I was. She gazed at me, biting her lip ever so slightly. I lowered my head, stopping inches from her to measure her reaction. Heaving breaths met my questioning glance. Our lips collided, the ever present butterfly feeling in overdrive. Our tongues danced and our breath mingled. She moaned into me, snaking her arms up my chest and into my hair. Her soft fingers gripped tangles and pulled my head forward. We were lost in everything that we were together. Perfection, a disaster, confused, happy, sad, and remembering. Our mouths parted far too quickly, foreheads leaning against each other. 
Cade, she breathed, peering up at me. Her cheeks were flushed, her lips red and begging for me to reconnect. 
Francesca, I replied, closing my eyes and inhaling all that she was. 
We stood, pressed against each other in the moonlight. The stars decorated the sky giving us a romantic backdrop.  Neither of us spoke, because words werent needed. Wed spent years apart, each fighting a different battle, yet here we were, scathed and broken, but together. Our hearts beat to the same rhythm, creating a song just for us. After seconds, minutes, hours, I finally found the words to say. 
Francesca, its time for us to have a real date, I told her, grabbing her hand and smiling widely. 
She squealed, following me to the bike. If nothing else was, this moment was a perfect piece of heaven.




THERE WERE A FEW THINGS that happened to make this night unbelievable. One: I rode a motorcycle. Two: I didnt just ride a motorcycle, I rode one with Cade Kelling. Three: I finally broke down and confronted him about my sisters death, not something Id planned to do tonight, and gotten the answers I needed. Four: Cade Kelling still had feelings for me. Five: I had the second most perfect kiss of my life. 
I gripped his torso, feeling the smooth lines of his abs under his shirt. I longed to explore his body. Id never been ready when we were younger, so we didnt know each other in that aspect. Not that now was the time, but being so closely pressed to him made my mind wander. He skillfully weaved the bike in and out of the traffic, gaining on our destination. I had a feeling we were going to the same diner we went the day we skipped school all those years ago. He was set to relive all of our important moments. An incredibly romantic and unusual gesture on his part, but it made my heart flutter for him even more. 
The wind whipped the hair falling down my back into tangled and knots I would regret in the morning.  I cursed myself for not putting all underneath. I couldnt think straight with Cade being soreal with me. It wasnt enough for him to wear the sexiest outfit in the world, but he also had to open up the door on all his feelings. An unexpected move. My heart beat intensely, my mind still reeled from his confession. 
Id blamed him for Josies death for years. Years, and for what? No reason other than the rumors I heard. I mentally kicked myself for believing the lies. I was grieving, lost, and scared. Cade could have helped me. I could have helped him. Maybeno, I couldnt think of what ifs and other similar scenarios. We were in the here and now. It was time to live. I breathed in his woodsy scent as the bike slowed. We stopped in front of the diner much sooner than I anticipated. I was so lost in my thoughts of Cade I didnt realize how quickly hed be driving us. 
He eased the bike into a spot, glancing back to give me the cutest grin. Cade could make my heart do things I didnt know possible. I returned his expression, clicking the helmet snap off. I smoothed my hair, doing my best to detangle the ends. I cringed when my finger got stuck, pulling the roots hard against my scalp. 
You look beautiful, you dont have to do that, he said, reaching out and guiding my hand away. 
I shrugged him off, working on a twisted section. Itll be a nest before morning. I have, ow, to do it now, I explained, wincing with each knot. 
He swatted my hand away, gently caressing and feeling my hair between his thumb and forefinger. Detangling wasnt pleasant, but something about him doing it made it an immensely sexy process. His eyes never left mine. When he finished, he squeezed my chin and helped me off.  Do you remember what you ordered that morning?
I snorted, Of course, but do you? 
I remember what we both ordered, he stated proudly. 
Why? I laughed beside him. 
He moved forward a few steps, opening the diner door for me. I remember everything about you, he said like it wasnt a big deal. 
I stopped, unsure of what to say or do. You.youdo? I stuttered. 
Yep. Are you coming in? he asked with an amused grin. 
I hurried forward, feeling his warmth on the small of my back. He squeezed my upper arm and leaned in to talk to the hostess. Cade oozed sexuality and charm. The girl blushed and giggled at his nearness, then gave me a once over. She nodded quickly, grabbing two menus and leading us to the booth we sat at once before. 
Milady, he said in his best British accent, sweeping his arm out like he was on a game show. 
I smiled widely, giggling, and slid in the same side I had all those years ago. Thank you, sir.
Im glad youre smiling around me again, his voice all of a sudden rang out. 
This week has beendifferent for me.
How so?
Well, I found out I blamed you when I shouldnt, the bench we met at is being destroyed, and I was arrested, I told him nonchalantly. 
He held up his hand to stop me, Wait, his expression was serious, hard. Did you say the bench is being destroyed?
I chuckled, Really, Cade? I tell you I was arrested and the bench is more important. I shook my head, bending to read over the menu. 
That was next question, he shrugged, sipping his coke. 
I grinned at his easy going nature. Nothing really ever fazed him. I wished I knew how to be like that. Yeah, the bench is being destroyed, I sadly admitted. I saw the papers come through our office this morning.
Hmm.one second, he said, pulling out his phone. He quickly typed out a text, then placed it back in his pocket and gave me his full attention. Ok, next question. Arrested? he drawled out, raising his brows. 
I pursed my lips, nodding slowly. I, uh, got in a fight. In the grocery store, I said, clasping my hands together. The one on Jackson. 
You, Francesca Taymon, got in a fight? I dont believe it. His hands went palms up in the air, his face in disbelief. What was it with? What was it over? An apple?
No, not an apple, Cade. It was I paused, why had I mentioned this? Jadesmithson, I mumbled, shoving the straw to my water in my mouth. 
Who? he questioned, leaning forward. 
Sighing loudly, I slammed the glass back on the table. Jade Smithson, I stated, rolling my eyes. 
His mouth fell open and he stared. For a long time. When it began to get uncomfortable, he erupted in loud laughter. The surrounding tables gave us dirty looks, which I smiled apologetically to, while the staff whispered as if they didnt know whether to kick us out or tell us to quiet down. 
Cade, I hissed, Shh. I held my finger up to my lips, feeling like I was in grade school again. 
You got in a fight with Jade? Really? Who won? he choked out. 
Me, I said proudly, smirking at the revelation. 
What was it over? he asked, a knowing look adorning his face. He knew he was making me nervous and he was enjoying it. 
It doesnt matter, I said, waving his questions off. Luckily, the waiter came at that moment to take our orders. 
We placed the same exact order as we had that November morning. We both smiled at the memories we were simultaneously having. We chatted, catching up on each others lives. Five years was a long time, and there was no way we would learn everything over one meal. We laughed, stared, and studied one another, reveling in being in company again. I didnt think the night could get any more amazing. 


The ride back to our town was short, but sweet. He kept squeezing my hand with his. I laid my head on his back, feeling tight muscles when he would move a certain way. I expected him to take me home, for the evening to be over, but we ended up at the bus stop. An abandoned truck was parked on the curb, a large Ford with a big enough bed to hold three of his motorcycles. I watched him curiously as he got off, reaching behind the back wheel to grab a key. He apparently knew the owner of this vehicleor I was about to go to jail again. Maybe prison this time. Uhh, Cade? What are you doing? I questioned, pointing to the key. 
We, what are we doing, he said as he pointed between the two of us. Get off, please, I gotta load it in the back. 
Why? I inquired. 
Because, we cant take the bench with us on the motorcycle, he hissed in my ear. 
What? The bench? I yelled out, staring at him like hed grew two heads. 
Francesca, doll face, you gotta quiet down before the cops show up. You cant go shouting out things like that. Theyre destroying it anyways. Were just saving them some time, he shrugged, like stealing a bench was nothing. 
I slid off the seat, watching him heft the heavy bike in the back like it was a sack of potatoes. I didnt know what to do, where we were going to put it or anything at this point. All I did know was that here I was, following Cades lead, and I couldnt be more excited.




FRANCESCAS EXPRESSION WAS A CROSS between shock and delight. She was always safe, the quiet one that didnt try anything, didnt rebel. I knew I was a bad influence.  My head screamed for me to take her home and stay far away, but my heartit ached for her. Seeing her smile at me, because of me, was the most amazing feeling in the world, and I didnt want to lose it. I wouldnt let that go. 
So here I was, having her assist me in a robbery, albeit the thing was getting destroyed anyways, but that was beside the point. She was my lawyer, I was already in trouble, and shed been arrested days ago. Francesca Taymon was arrested because of you Cade. She would never have gotten in a fight with the queen bitch if it wasnt because of me. It gave me hope she still held feelings for me, despite all wed been through. All the bad I did to her, the hurt I caused her. She continued to stare at me her hair windblown from the ride back, her face flushed a sexy pink, her eyes wide and dancing with the adrenaline rush she was about to experience. 
Cade, she hissed, taking long strides to me. I cant believe this. Ok, I cant lift it. Do you have any tools? she questioned, her head turned in all directions, searching for any sort of witnesses. 
This woman continued to amaze me. One second shes terrified, the next shes barking orders. And through it all, she had no idea how incredibly sexy and appealing she was. I have a crow bar. Its just nailed down at the legs. Keep watch, I commanded. 
She stood straighter, her back curving so quickly that my mind quickly forgot the task at hand. Before I could get my mind any deeper into my thoughts, she saluted me. Yes, sir, she spat at me like I was her sergeant. 
Really? I whispered, looking her over. 
She nodded quickly, a small smile playing at her lips. She really tried to not laugh, I had to give her credit there. I chuckled, shaking my head at her. I lifted the crowbar out of the truck bed, briskly jogging up and down the sidewalk to look for any signs of life. Satisfied we were alone I worked quickly and smoothly, removing the heavy nails from the base of the bench. It wasnt heavy, and the years had worn on the wood. I knew why the city was set to destroy itI just couldnt bear the thought. In mere minutes it was loose and I had it situated in Jays truck.  Francesca paced under the streetlamp, chewing at her nails. It was obvious she was a nervous wreck, convinced we would get caught and that would be it. I couldnt stop myself from staring. Her hair looked darker in the moonlight, her eyes peered at me from under her thick, long lashes. She was mesmerizing. 
Were ready, I said, ushering her forward. I opened the door, helping her in. 
Thanks, she said, her eyes still darting all over the area. Where are we taking it? 
My place, I said, starting the engine with shaky hands. 
Whats wrong? she asked, nodding to where they were. 
I dunno, I have a headache. I just need some Tylenol or something, I said, shrugging her worry off. 
Cade, are you sure? She reached a cold hand out and caressed my forearm. 
Yes, I snapped, Im sure. Why did I snap at her, I thought. A beautiful girl is worried about me and here I am being mean. Im just gonna get home. Ill be ok, I explained, my voice slightly less harsh. I didnt know what was wrong with me, but I needed to pull it together before I lost her again.


She fidgeted with the hem of her shirt all the way back to my apartment. Things were different, theyd changedprobably because I was a total asshole to her moments ago. I rushed around to her door, being gentlemanly and opening it. She smiled and said a small thanks as I inwardly kicked and cursed myself. I led her to the door, pushing it enough for her to step in. 
Make yourself at home, Im gonna go grab that Tylenol real quick, I told her, heading towards the bathroom. I closed the door behind me, reached under the sink, and pulled out a small bottle of vodka. Opening the cabinet, I took out four Tylenols and downed them with a big swig. It burned going down. Itd been hours since I had a drink. Id promised her I would be sober, but I had to take the pills with something. 
Ok, much better, I said, coming in to see her seated on my old, black couch. Do you want something to drink? I asked, suddenly feeling very nervous. 
Water please? she asked, her voice showing obvious uneasiness. 
Sure, I said, going to the kitchen. I poured her a water, adding a few pieces of ice, and fixed myself a coke, adding some of the vodka Id stuffed in my pocket. Walking back in, I saw her twisting and pulling at her hair. You ok, doll face? 
She peered up, looking scared and unsure. CadeIm sorry I blamed you, she sniffled, a tear rolling down her face. 
I swiped it away, cupping her cheeks and making her face me. Its ok. Its just as much my fault, I whispered, my eyes fixated on hers, then moving to her lips. I asked her with my intense stare if it was ok. She whimpered as my thumb traced her bottom lip and I knew. This wasnt going to be last time. Nothing would stop us.

6 years prior June
Francescas head lay on my shoulder, her hair cascading around me coating me with a lavender blanket. Her body was snuggled close to mine, giving off more heat than Id like, but I didnt care. She was here, laying in the backseat with me as we watched the glow of the stars around us. I ached for her, longed for her, wanted her to be mine, but it hadnt happened. I was technically still with Jade, though I hadnt seen her in days. I kept telling her it was over, but every time she would show up with my favorite drink and wed end up in bed together. It was a bad habit. I needed to break it. 
Cade, her soft voice said. 
Yes? I replied. My hand reached up and smoothed her hair. 
She wiggled closer, peering up at me. Kiss me. 
It was so unexpected, so sexy, that I couldnt say no. My lips found hers, my tongue exploring every inch of her mouth. She moaned into me, moving her body so her leg draped over mine. I needed her closer. My hand found her waist, my fingers digging deep into her hips. She pulled back, her eyes wide and full of desire. I knew she couldnt be experienced. She bit her lip while she stared at me, then straddled me. One move and she undid my whole being. I gripped her tighter, feeling her skin hot under her shirt. I moved my hands underneath, her silky body shivering at my touch. I leaned her back, throwing our stuff in the floor, and guided her body to the seat. Hovering over her, I stared down into her beautiful face. She reached her tender hand up, caressing my cheek, then arched her body against mine. 
Groaning, I bent down to bite at her neck, Youre trying to kill me, I growled in her ear before taking the lobe between my teeth. 
Cade, she gasped, her nails sinking into my upper arms. 
I kissed her deeper, my hands sliding higher. Her fingers gripped my back, pulling my shirt to my head. I watched, wide eyed, as her trembling hands pulled it off. Her delicate fingers explored my chest and back. My heart fluttered under her touch, my breathing becoming difficult. Her innocence shone in her eyes, but the desire was stronger. Ever so slowly, she pulled up, resting on one elbow, and lightly left a fiery trail from my jaw to my chest. Her lips scorched my skin. Growling, I leaned down, taking her lips with more aggression. She moaned into me, releasing herself from the shirt that covered the body I so desperately needed.  I ravaged her skin, my lips touching every inch of her body. My teeth nibbling her most sensitive areas. Eager fingers tugged and buried into my hair, guiding my face back to hers. Our tongues danced, sending tingles all through my body. When her breath hitched and she made a path to my jeans with her fingers, I knew I couldnt this now. 
My thoughts cleared, and I looked around. I couldnt take her virginity here in this car, in the middle of nowhere. I bent, kissing her one last time, then sat up. She looked hurt, rejected, and it tore my heart in two. 
Not here, Francesca. You deserve the best. Not this, I told her, pulling her closer. I didnt know if she believed me, but we spent the rest of that night talking and enjoying our time together. It was the last time we were alone before the accident.

Present Day
Her pink, full lips parted, ready for mine. I took my time, slowly inching closer to her, my eyes never leaving hers. Her breathing intensified, as did mine, and the anticipation was enough to make us crazy. I kissed her, gentle at first, then letting the passion I felt take over. Her hands found my hair, using it to guide me closer. Francesca Taymon was finally going to be mine. 




MY MIND WAS REELING. CADES lips were so consuming. I wanted him, and he obviously wanted me, but the rational part of me was screaming to stop and wait until I knew this was for real this time. The rest of mewell it was pressed into every hard muscle on his body. His hands roamed freely, igniting my skin in its path. His lips drew me in, making my head spin, and my knees weak. His teeth nibbled at my neck, causing a rush of need to overtake me. 
Cade, I moaned into his shoulder, slipping my hands under his shirt to feeling his skin. 
He hissed as I scraped my nails up his back, stopping to grip his shoulders. Dammit, youre driving me insane, he said huskily. He stood, taking my hands in his and leading me to the bedroom. His room was a wreck, but I couldnt let my clean nature get to me at this moment. All I thought of was him. 
He gently laid me down, his fingers brushing my hair off my face. His deep sea eyes gazing at me with an intensity Id only seen from him once before. I could feel his heartbeat against my chest. Our breathing was heavy, labored, as we eagerly, yet deliberately, undressed each other. His eyes grew dark with desire while he ravaged me with them. Our hands explored, driving the other wild with longing. We took turns, leaving soft trails up and down necks, chests, and every other sensitive area we possessed. Being with Cade was everything Id ever wanted, but was better than anything I could have imagined. We came together, over and over again. We were a perfect fit in every aspect. Our hearts grew more in sync as our bodies connected. He drove me to the brink, only to stop and start again, until finally our bodies exploded in bliss together. When we were spent and needed a break, he wrapped his arms around me, leaning his head on my chest and falling fast asleep. I lay there for a long time, my fingers lightly tracing hearts in his hair. He mumbled a few times, though each time was incoherent and I couldnt coax him to repeat it. I finally drifted off to sleep, having my first night without nightmares since the accident.


The glaring sunlight shone on my face, waking me. I felt something hot and wet against me, and I tried to move away. I looked around, seeing a huge mass of clothing in the corner, and trash littering the floor. Cades. I remembered now, I slept at Cades house. Turning my head, I saw his body glistening in sweat. One leg was draped over mine, his arm still around my waist. Now I knew where the wetness was coming from, but I didnt know why or how to get away without waking him. I stretched my free arm around, checking his forehead for a fever. Cool. Weird, I thought. Why would he be sweating so much if he didnt have a fever? Surely snuggling up to me wouldnt make him that hot. I slid out from under him, searching his floor for my clothing. I walked to the hall, seeing only one door and assuming it was the bathroom. I made myself presentable, combing through my hair with my fingers, brushing my teeth with my thumb. Satisfied, I went to find his kitchen and get water. His garbage can overflowed with empty liquor bottles which concerned me. His sink was high with dirty dishes, showing how much of a bachelor he truly was. I snuck back to his bedroom door, seeing his body half covered with a sheet, his dark hair sticking in every which direction. He looked adorable. I headed back to the sink, diving head first into cleaning his kitchen. 
I sung softly to myself, flittering around wiping counters and throwing trash away. I heard Cades feet shuffling through the carpet before I saw him. He stood at the kitchen entrance, his face pale, still sweating. 
Cade, are you ok? I questioned, moving to stand in front of him. 
Francesca, he croaked out, his eyes werent focused. Something about him was off. 
Yes? I asked, reaching my hands out to feel for warmth once again. 
He flinched away, then his eyes widened as he quickly darted to the bathroom. The retching came through his then walls and I cringed. I leaned against the wall outside the room, patiently waiting for him to recover. He finally stepped out, gingerly taking each step. He wore only boxers, showing how toned and smooth his arms and back were. He kept his body turned away from me, like he didnt want to see me.  I could see his hands trembling when he reached out to the wall for support. 
Cade, I said hesitantly. He drove me here, so I wasnt sure what to do. He didnt want me around, whether it was because he was sick or because he regretted it, I didnt know. 
Cason, he huffed out, uneasily walking back to his room. 
What about him? I asked, following him. 
Call him. Tell him I need him. Now, he said urgently. He finally turned to me. He looked like hed been to hell and back. 
I nodded, moving quickly to find his phone. I searched and found Casons number, dialing. 
His voice sounded so much like Cades on the phone that it was shocking. Hello? Cade? 
Uh, no. Sorry, this is Francesca, Cason, I awkwardly spat out. 
Francesca? Hey, how are you? Is everything ok?
Im not sure, Cason. Cade is sweating and he threw up and he told me to call you, is there any way you could come over? I asked hopefully. 
Shit. Yeah, Ill be right there. Dont leave him, Francesca, he demanded. 
I wont, I said. And I wouldnt, even if I could. 
I paced a hole in his floor, eagerly waiting for Cason to get there. I checked on Cade often, though he lay in the bed with the sweats and he kept clutching his stomach. I didnt know what to do for him. How to help him. And it killed me inside that he wanted Cason instead of just asking me. I was already here, I could have had him to the hospital by now. A deep pounding on the door brought me from my thoughts. I hurried over, ushering Cason in. He looked so different from Cade, his hair light instead of dark and his build was much wider. He was a tall, muscular man. Cade has muscles in his arms and across his back, but Cason was like that all over. 
Its good to see you, Francesca, he said, smiling widely. Where is he?
I pointed to his room, In there. I chewed my lip for a moment, debating on whether to tell him about last night. He wont let me help him, I said instead. 
Its ok. Hes stubborn when it comes to you. Let me go check on him, he gave me a reassuring pat on the arm and headed off. 
I waited anxiously, wondering about his comment. Hes stubborn when it comes to you. Had he discussed me with his brother? Or did Cason just assume? I couldnt ponder over it for too long, because he came strutting out, holding Cade in his arms. I gasped at the sight. 
Ive gotta take him to the hospital. Do you have someone you can call? he asked, a worried look on his face. 
I nodded quickly, opening the door for him. I worriedly watched him move closer to leaving me behind and my heart ached. Seeing Cade like this, after our night together, was almost too much for me. 
He cares about you. Dont forget that, Cason said, giving me a knowing look. 
I just whispered, Ok. I caressed Cades hair back from his face, kissing his forehead gently. Cason rushed him out, and I watched until he was down the road. I sat on his couch for a long time, just thinking about him and everything that happened. Finally, I dialed Daphne, giving her the address and asking her to come get me. My head began to pound thinking about all the interrogating that would follow. I tried not to think about Cade and whether or not he was ok. I kicked myself for not giving Cason my phone number to keep me updated, so I added his to my phone and decided I would call him later. I didnt know what happened, or if Cade would be ok, but I did know that my heart was breaking. I just wanted to curl up and cry. I felt helpless and didnt know what to do. Walking to the door, I turned and took in all the area Cade lived in. I tried to memorize every last detail. Locking the door, I went outside to wait.




LET ME GO, I GROWLED at Cason, pushing him away. I can walk, dammit. Im not an invalid.
You were passed out, sweating like a pig, and mumbling about God knows what. Chill, Ill let you walk, he snapped, backing away with a glare. 
You couldnt have gotten me clothes?  I asked him harshly. Why was I being so mean? I couldnt even stop the words from coming out. 
Youre right. Next time I think my brother is dying or something, Ill just stop for clothes. And if the girl thats head over heels for him tries to stop me, Ill just kick her out or something, he mocked, rolling his eyes at me. 
I wanted to punch him but something he said reminded me of the previous night. Francesca.
Yeah, bro, you dont want to screw that up. Now get out of the car so we can go inside, he commanded. 
We sat outside the emergency entrance of the medical center. I knew something was wrong, but I also thought I knew how to fix it. This happened once before, a few years ago, and all I needed was a drink. Or two. I couldnt tell Cason that, though. He was already on my ass about drinking. If I went in theretheyd know. The doctors would tell him and hed tell Pops. Closing my eyes, I rubbed my temples. Think, Cade. Bro, its probably just a virus. Its cool. Just take me home, I said, hoping and praying I was convincing. 
Why did you tell her to call me? he prodded. 
Ididnt, I stammered, turning to face him. 
Yeah, you did. I know whats going on here. Youre having withdrawals, arent you? he accused, bending in the door of the car to get in my face. 
Back off, Cason. Its probably food poisoning, I lied. 
When was the last time you drank? he quizzed. 
Cason, lay off me. Just take me home, I demanded. 
Folding his arms across his chest, he stared at me. Either you talk to me and tell me the truth, or Ill drag you in there and let the doctors tell me. Which one will it be, big bro?
I leaned my head back against the headrest and sighed loudly. Fine. Yes, I am. Happy? I couldnt look him in the eyes. I couldnt see the disappointment that would be there. I told Francesca I wouldnt drink for our date and havent had anything since yesterday morning. Well, besides a swig of vodka to rid myself of a headache.
Youve had headaches too? he asked. He actually sounded concerned this time. 
I nodded, Yeah, and I threw up. Can we please just go back to my place?
Cade, I think you need help. Like rehab or AA or something, he said. 
What?! I bellowed out, jumping from the car. Im not a damn alcoholic. Why wont you just leave it alone? I was in his face. I wanted to hit him, but I knew I was weak. He would have me down in no time. 
You arent? Cadeyoure having withdrawals. You lost your job. You drink every day. Would you at least talk to someone?
Im talking to you, I smarted back. 
You know what I mean. Either agree or Im throwing you over my arm and taking you in there, he threatened. 
Fine. Whatever. Can we go? I pleaded. My baby brother was pissing me off. 
Monday. You have to talk to someone on Monday, he said, not budging from his position. 
Now what? How do I get out of this? Groaning, I shook my head in compliance. I would find a way out of it later. I needed to get home, shower, and get something in me. He finally walked around, slamming his door shut. He kept looking at me, but I ignored him. I couldnt do this right now. 
My thoughts went back to Francesca as he drove. Her soft skin against mine, the sexy way she moaned in my ear, and her eyes as we made love. She was amazing. She had no idea how much she meant to me, and I hadnt even gotten to tell her because once again, I screwed it all up. I couldnt fully remember everything that happened this morning. After we tired ourselves out, Id laid in her arms and feel into a deep sleep. I hadnt slept that well in years. Her heartbeat lulled me to sleep in minutes. I wanted her there with me every night. Forever. After what had happened, I didnt know if I stood a chance with her. 
She was really worried about you, Casons voice broke through. 
What? I asked, finally turning in his direction. 
Francesca. She was pacing when I showed up this morning. She looked like she was about to burst into tears. I think she loves you, man. You need to get ahold of this if you want to stand a chance with her.
His lecture hit me deep. He was right. I did have a problem, but I couldnt admit it to them I knew that. It was embarrassingstupid. Drinking my problems away had been my escape for as long as I could remember. What would I do without it? How would I cope? Would I be able to be with Francesca? Id probably always fight myaddiction. Even thinking it was difficult and made my breath hitch. I decided in that moment, after he told me he thought Francesca loved me, that I would go on Monday and talk to someone. I would get help. I would stop hiding behind alcohol and be the man Francesca deserved. My shaking hands distracted me. I didnt know how to get over these reactions. Id stop after I talked to someone and they told me I had a problem. No point in giving it up today.


Cason dropped me off, almost refusing to leave. I had to kick him out, then called Jay as soon as I could. I practically had to beg him to pick up a bottle of Jack and Whiskey on his way to pick up his truck, but he finally obliged when I told him Id throw in an extra $50 for him. I sat on the couch, waiting for Jay, and tried to recall the events after I passed out. I vaguely remembered throwing up and Francesca in my kitchen. I stood, stopping long enough to make the dizziness die down, and made my way to the room, wondering what she was up to in there. Everything was spotless, the dishes washed, the trash tied and by the door. The trash. She saw all those empty bottles. It looked like a damn liquor store in here and she now knew how much I truly drank. The knocking at the door stopped me from cursing myself. 
Jay stood just outside, the bag with the goodies in his hand. Hey, he said, smiling. He looked me over, then his face grew dark. You ok, man? You dont look so good. 
I waved my hand, taking the bag, Food poisoning. I fished the keys to his truck out, handing them over. Thanks, man. 
No problembut, Cade, theres a motorcycle and a bench in the back of it, he said, his face clearly confused. 
Shit. Hang on, let me put some clothes on, I told him, taking the bag to the bedroom with me.  I twisted the cap off as silently as I could, downing three long gulps. The burn was harsh, but much needed. I threw on jeans and a t-shirt, heading to assist with my belongings. Im ready. 
He walked out the door, jumped off my porch, and opened the tailgate. I walked up beside him, grasping the bench from the bottom and the back, then hefting it down. 
Dude, did you drink while you got ready? I can smell the Jack from here, he laughed. 
What? Nah, I think you just smelled it from the store, I said, hoping I threw him off of smelling me anymore. 
If you say so, man. Wheres the bike going? he asked as I lugged the bench up my steps. 
Just put it right beside the rail here. Thanks, Jay. Ill talk to you later, I called, maneuvering the huge seat threw the door. Why did I steal this thing? I finally wedged it in, only taking about half the wood off the top of the backrest. I slid in the rest of the way, seating it right inside the door. Now I had an entry place for company to sit, like I was important or something. Just hoped the cops didnt show up anytime soon. I jogged back to the bedroom, taking the bag with me to the couch. I popped in some movie about guns and love, then finished off the bottle. It didnt last as long as it should, as long as I wanted it to. I finished the movie, then watched a few others. 
Around 9:00 p.m., my phone chimed, signaling I had a message. I searched my pockets, the cushions, and the table, but couldnt find it. I must have fell asleep looking, because I woke sometime in the middle of the night, noticing my phone was flashing on the coffee table beside me. I scrolled through and my heart skipped a few beats when I saw Francesca had texted me. 
Her: Are you ok? I cant get ahold of Cason.
Scratching my head, I debated on whether I should answer or not. It was late, but it was also the weekend. I shouldnt do this to her. I shouldnt have led her to me, taken her out, made love to her. Yes, it was the most magnificent night of my life and she meant more than words could say, but she deserved so much more than me. So much better. A man that wasnt boggled down with an addiction, that had a job that was as amazing as hers, that knew how to deal with his damn problems. I threw the phone back down, deciding I would reply back later. When I was in a better mood, more sober. I fell into a restless sleep with her face in most of my dreams. 




HELLO? I SAID INTO THE phone, my voice husky from sleep. 
Wake up. Im coming over, Daphne practically shouted in my ear. 
Groaning, I sat up, looking at the clock. Its not even eight, and its Sunday. Go back to bed, I demanded, about to push end. 
Im bringing Bree and Ally, be ready in twenty, she shouted. It was like she could see through the phone sometimes. 
I slammed it down beside me, covering my face with my arm. Id been stupid and texted Cade. Daphne told me not to. She demanded I promise and everything, but I did it anyway. And what happened? Nothing. He didnt reply. He ignored me. He had sex with me and ignored me. I was an idiot to think he cared about me in the first place. Tears threatened to spill again, but I held them back. I would be strong. I wasnt going to let him get to me like this. It wasnt worth it. No man was.was he?
I quickly showered, throwing on some sweats and a T-shirt. I didnt get to dress comfortably very often, and I was taking advantage of it on the weekends. Yesterday, after Daphne dropped me off at home, interrogated and lectured me, Id showered and lay on the couch. I watched The Notebook, not a good choice, and other sappy movies all day while Hamlet kept me company. Id cried. Id gotten angry. I did every clich thing that women did when rejected by a man she had strong feelings for. I wasnt sure if I still loved Cade, but the instant his lips had touched mine, all the feelings had come rushing back. I knew now I did. I probably always would. It was pointless, it would end up with me in pain I was sure, but I couldnt stop it. How do you just turn off your feelings for someone? It seemed men could do it, but could they really? Or were they just better actors? Perhaps they could mask their feelings much better than we could. I wiped the tear sliding down my cheek away and headed to the kitchen to make refreshments for my impending company. 
The doorbell rang. It was odd, no one ever used it. I peeked out from the curtain, seeing little Ally jumping up and down, trying to push it again. Laughing, I opened the door and welcomed them in. Ally rushed to me, throwing her little arms around my waist. 
Auntie Francesca! Mommy said you have a kitty, the precious five year old said excitedly. 
I couldnt be sad around this joy, and I smiled widely, nodding. Yep, I sure do. His name is Hamlet. Come with me and well go find him, I said, waving to my friends before going off to search for Hammy. 
Ally asked me a million questions about cats, about my house, about my job, about the chair in the corner. The energy flowing from this child seemed to never end. It was contagious and exhausting at the same time. After looking everywhere for Hammy, I finally resorted to shaking the food bag to get his attention. He came running, his head still hidden behind the bowl. I would be able to take it off in just a few more days. Thanks goodness, poor cat ran into everything with it on. He strutted in, meowing loudly as his eyes surveyed Ally. He determined she wasnt a threat and moved forward to sniff her. Loud giggles could be heard throughout my house, making Bree and Daphne come to check what was so funny. 
Bree stood at the kitchen entry, watching Hammy try to rub his head up and down Allys leg, wrapping his tail around her feet. She thought this was hilarious and laughed the whole time. 
Theyre getting acquainted, I explained, holding back my own giggles. 
He likes me, Mommy, Ally exclaimed, her eyes wide as she stared at Bree. 
I see that, baby girl, Bree chuckled. She directed her next question to me. What is that thing on his head? 
Well, he was hurt when I found him, so the vet put that on him to keep him from messing with his wounds while they healed. 
Ooooh, she drew out. She watched her daughter and my cat play and snuggle each other, then motioned for me to follow her. I did, noticing Daphne stayed behind. Wonder what this was about?  She led me to the living room, sitting on the couch and patting the spot beside her. 
Whats wrong? I asked, genuinely worried something bad was happening. Is something going on with you? Ally? Panic started to seize me. 
No, no. Calm down. Daphne just said you may want to talk. She wouldnt tell me what happened, but I gathered it had something to do with that extremely sexy guy that rescued you from baby batter the other night?  Her golden brown eyes were full of mischief and batted furiously at me. 
I couldnt stop the laughter from erupting. Yes, it does have to do with him. His name is Cade, by the way.
Cadewhat a sexy namelike a romance hero or something, she sighed. 
Sadly, hes hardly a hero, I choked out, holding back my sob. I dont think he cares about me at all.
Her hand found my knee, giving me a gentle squeeze. Why would you say that? He was so jealous that guy had his hands on you. I could see the love he has for you on his face, in his eyes. 
He doesnt love me, Bree. Far from it. He may desire me, but he definitely doesnt love me, I sobbed, letting my sadness escape. 
She pulled me in for a hug, rubbing circles on my back. Tell me.
Friday night, he wanted to hang out, and I was so scared and against it, but I caved and went. We had a great time. Went out to eat, rode on a motorcycle, stole a bench, then we got back to his place. He told me he had feelings for me and we ended up sleeping together. Im such an idiot. He used me, Bree. He pretended to be sick or something to get me out there. I havent heard from him since. And his brother came to get him, so I called him to find out if he was ok, but he wont answer either, my voice cracked and choked on my words. The tears rolled down my face, creating streaks to show my pain. 
Brees eyes were wide as she stared at me. Oh, honey, she cried, hugging me tighter. Im so sorry. You cant think like this though. Why would he lie to you? she inquired. 
I dont know. To get me in bed? I suggested. 
Has he tried it before? she asked, the shock evident. 
Wellno. Why else would he be ignoring me? I pulled away, finding a tissue to wipe my nose and my face with. 
Maybe he really was sick. He could be in the hospital, he could be in bed resting, anything. You dont know. Stop assuming this stuff, Francesca. Be positive for once. You are beautiful, smart, and just a wonderful woman. Ally adores you, your friends love you, and Im sure Cade does too, she told me, smiling widely. 
My eyes cast down as I thought of her words. Thanks, Bree, I said quietly. 
You love him, too, dont you? she asked gently. 
I nodded, sniffling. I pulled imaginary lint of my sweats, smoothed my hair, rolled up the tissue. Anything to avoid this conversation. 
Does he know? she pushed. 
No. I cant tell him. Hes my client, Bree. What am I going to do? I had sex with my client! I exclaimed. 
Whats sex? a small voice asked behind me. 
Bree gave me a look that could kill. I clasped my hands over my mouth, not knowing what to do. I turned slowly, seeing Allys eyes wide and curious. She looked exactly like Bree: same golden brown eyes, light brown hair that had a slight wave, and the same downturned nose that was adorable on them both. She looked at me expectantly and I realized I hadnt answered her question. 
Sweetieummits not for little girls to know about, I stuttered out. 
Mommy will tell you when youre older. Just forget you heard that, Bree said, smiling and waving her hand playfully in the air. Wheres Aunt Daphne and the kitty? 
Nice save, I mouthed to her. 
Daphne told me to come get Franny Girl, she giggled, hiding her face behind her mouth. Dont tell her I told you, but she gave me a dollar to call you that, she confessed, downright giddy about a dollar. 
I chuckled, holding my arms out for a hug. Her sweet arms surrounded me, instantly comforting me. Its ok. Ill give you five dollars if you dont call me that again, I said excitedly. 
Yay!!!! she said, running through the room and back to the kitchen. 
Dont run, Bree called after her, shaking her head at me. I cant believe you bribed my kid. 
I shrugged. Daphne did it first, I pointed out.
You two are awful. Bribing a five year old with money, she scolded. 
I laughed, giving her another quick hug. Sorry I said s-e-x and your child heard it, I apologized. 
Its ok. Try to not scream it out so loudly next time, she said, giving me the warning motherly facial expression. All moms had it. Did it come with giving birth or something? 
I promise. I will only spell from now on.
You know shell learn to spell soon, right? she said sarcastically. 
Then well learn sign language or something, I said through gritted teeth. Youre making this apology difficult. 
She laughed and stood, Im messing with you. Now, we better go check on your cat. I dont know that Daphne is watching them since shes busy putting Ally up to stuff. 
Hammy! I said, rushing to the kitchen. I walked in, seeing cat treats littering the floor and Hammy desperately trying to pick them up, but his bowl kept colliding with the floor. Daphne sat in the chair, cracking up, and Ally kept trying to give him more. She didnt understand why he wasnt eating them. I gave Daphne a glare and bent to Allys level. 
Ally, he cant pick them up. See this on his head, I pointed to the device, its stopping him from reaching the floor. Youll have to hold your hand out and let him eat out of it. He doesnt need this many though, I said, picking up most of the treats and stuffing them back in the bag. Turning to Daphne, I strode over, whispering, what are you doing? 
She shrugged, grinning, Trying to make you happier. Did it work?
I looked around, seeing Ally playing with and feeding Hammy, Bree watching them amused, and I realized I did feel better. I felt happier. I didnt know what was going on with Cade, but it didnt matter. He either loved me or he didnt. I wouldnt be able to change the outcome. I couldnt make him care about me. And I did care about him, so I didnt regret anything. Seeing him in court Friday could potentially be awkward, but I was a lawyer and I would be professional. I smiled at Daphne, leaning in to hug her, I do feel better. Thank you.
Anytime. I knew Ally would be able to get you to smile, Franny Girl.
I took care of that. Im giving her five to not call me that.
She told me. I raised it to ten. She also told me what you said. Asked what it meant, she snorted. 
Hush, I demanded, feeling the blush rising on my cheeks. I didnt know she was in there.
Its ok, shes probably already forgotten about it. 
Yeah I hoped she had. We spent the rest of the morning talking and playing. They definitely helped me to get my mind off of Cade. 




MONDAY MORNING MET ME WITH the now familiar pounding that accompanied Cason coming to visit. I needed to give him a key or something, because this heavy beating on the door thing was getting old. I stumbled over, opening the door enough for him to slip through. 
What the hell? Cade, you went and got liquor didnt you? he accused. 
Good morning to you, too, sunshine, I groaned, running my fingers through my hair. 
You look like shit. And smell worse, he said, pointing to the bathroom. Go shower. You have an appointment at ten.
What appointment? I asked. What was he talking about now?
He gave me a quizzical look, Seriously? Go shower, he demanded, sighing heavily. 
I trudged in the bedroom, rummaging through for something decent to wear. An appointment had to be serious, right? At least he was taking me somewhere this time instead of Pops. I let the hot water clean me off, scrubbing the dirt and grime from the past few days away. Something was in the back of my mind, pushing and wanting me to remember, but I couldnt. I slipped the towel around my waist, stepping out and yelling for Cason. Holding up the outfit Id chosen, I asked, Is this ok for wherever were going? 
You really dont remember, Cade? Youre worse than I thought. You promised to go talk to a therapist about your drinking problem today, he explained, looking annoyed. 
My drinking problem? I dont have one, little bro. Whats your deal? I hissed, wondering what in the hell he was talking about. 
You do have one, and we are going, no questions, no ifs, no ands, and no buts. Get dressed. He sounded just like Pops. This whole thing wasnt sitting well with me. 
No. 
Cade...have you talked to Francesca? he inquired, turning his head sideways to stare at me. 
Why are you looking at me like that? 
Have you? he pressed. 
No. Then I remembered, I was going to text her yesterday. It was past eight now, shed be on the way to work. Waiting would probably be better for me so I wouldnt be in agony all day wondering if she would reply. 
You slept with her Friday and havent talked to her? I thought you loved her? Why are you doing this?
How did he know all of this? It was like he could read my mind or something. How do you know how I feel about her? I questioned. 
Cause its been obvious since the first time you came home from school and had that stupid smile on your face. Seriously, get dressed and lets go. You need to straighten your ass up so you can be the man she deserves. 
Do you like her or something? I asked defensively. I wouldnt fight my brother for Francesca. There was no reason, she was mine. 
Not in the way you do. Shes good for you, Cade. Youre happy when shes around. And I saw her Saturday morning when I carried you out of here. She feels the same. So dont let that slip away.
The memories came flooding back. Id been getting sick from not drinking and embarrassed she saw me that way. Id blown her off, telling her to call Cason. He was right. I did need to do this. Id promised. Id been given a second chance with her and I couldnt lose that. After being with her physically, I knew I never wanted another. Youre right. Again, I admitted. 
Im always right, big bro. Now dont make me tell you again, he chuckled, pointing to the clothing in my hand. 
I agreed, finishing up what was needed for this appointment. I didnt bother with eating. I was suddenly nervous, afraid Id lose her again. I couldnt let it happen. I followed Cason out, allowing him to take me wherever it was he scheduled me an appointment. I tried not to think about what this meant for me. What was going to happen? I just needed to get through the day so I could call Francesca later.


Mr. Kelling? A woman with a crisp blazer, slacks, and glasses stood at the opening of the doorway, glancing around the waiting room. 
I stood, motioning for Cason to come with me. I couldnt do this alone. Im Cade, I introduced, holding my hand out. 
She smiled warmly, accepting my outreached greeting. Nice to meet you. Im Dr. Norrod, please come in and have a seat. She held her arm out, giving us entry to her office. 
Thanks, doc. This is my brother, Cason. Hes hereas emotional support, I explained. 
She nodded in understanding. Thats quite alright. My receptionist spoke with your brother this morning. As long as youre ok with him being in there, there are no problems.
Im fine with it.
Great. Now, Cade, could you tell me why youre here? she inquired. 
My heart sped up. Didnt Cason explain this morning? I asked, looking at him for verification. 
He did, but Cason isnt the patient. I need you to tell me the problem, Cade, she urged gently. She held a pen and a pad of paper was situated directly in front of her. Just like a movie or something. 
Well, IuhhI meanweI think I may have a drinking problem, I finally stammered out. Casons strong hand patted me on the back, showing he was there for me. I use alcohol to solve problems. To forget things I want to forget, but it seems to be causing a bigger issue. 
How long have you been drinking? she asked, writing while she watched me. 
I started stealing my Pops when I was about ten, I admitted. It sounded even worse telling a stranger. 
Have you used anything besides alcohol? Her face was unemotional, unreadable. It made me even more nervous. 
Some drugsbut that was more in high school, and pills occasionally, I said, my voice soft and embarrassed. 
How often do you drink? 
This was harder than I thought. I peered at Cason and he smiled gently, nodding for me to continue. Everyday.
And what happens if you dont drink one day?
Well, I went about 24 hours between Friday and Saturday without drinkingI had shaking hands, I threw up, I was sweating, and my head hurt. It wasnt pleasant, I said, recalling the pain Id been in. 
Did you drink after? 
I could feel my embarrassment starting to show. I leaned back, staring at the ceiling. Yes.
How much? And what happened?
I got a two bottles of liquor I finished between Saturday afternoon and yesterday. The symptoms went away. I couldnt look at either of them. I felt like an idiot. 
Cade, do you want help?
Yes. I cant keep living like this. I have to be better, I told her, dipping my head back down to face her. I looked her straight in the eye. I think Im an alcoholic, I choked out. 
She put the pen down, clasping her hands together. Cade, I think you are, too. I suggest a rehabilitation facility. From what youve told me, AA meetings wouldnt be enough. Youll need to be monitored during your detoxification, as well as counseling to help you find new ways to deal with your issues and pain. If this is what you want, I can make some calls and get you in today. All of your family members will need to come for a meeting while youre detoxing, and you wont be able to see anyone for two weeks. After that, your assigned counselor will hold meetings with you and other patients, you and your family members, and you by yourself. Now, Cade, from the withdrawal symptoms you and your brother described to us, I think youll need the longer program. Youd need to stay at least three months. 
I let her words soak in. Rehabilitation facility. Three months. Counseling. I really did have a problem. This woman could see it and she didnt even know me. Remembering Francesca, I had to ask, Only family members can come by?
Yes. Its easier on patients that way.
I have a court date Friday for a fight I got into a couple of weeks ago.
Well, if we get you in today, you should be clean enough to go supervised.
Will I be able to contact anyone? I asked. Three months without seeing Francesca. The thought hurt me deeply. 
After your two weeks, it will be the decision of the counselors. You can write letters at any time, but phone communication depends on how well you are doing. Youre going there to get better, Cade. Thatll be everyones main focus, she explained softly. 
I liked Dr. Norrod. She was nice, but to the point. Ok. Doc, can you call and get me in? Cason, can you call Mom and Pops? I asked. I couldnt face them just yet. Cason wanted to help me, so Id leave him to deal with them.
Ill do it now. Heres the address, she said, handing over a slip of paper. If you two head over now, I should have the proper papers in order so you can just fill them out. She stood, holding her hand out to me. Cade, Ill see you in a week or so. Im one of the weekend counselors at the facility. I wish you well until then, she said, smiling widely. 
I nodded, Thanks, doc. I shook her hand, feeling the warmth. It reminded me of two weeks ago when Francesca had shaken my hand like I was just a client. Dropping it, I motioned to Cason, Lets go.


The facility was large, homey, but still held that feeling that hospitals did. The youre not well, and youll be treated like a patient here feeling. I hadnt gone home to pack or anything, Cason said hed make a list and take care of it. I had to hand it to my baby brother he was really stepping up and helping me through this. I probably wouldnt be here if it wasnt for him. Pops hadnt responded, but Cason said Mom cried when he told her. Im glad I didnt make that call. 
The counselor we spoke too was a nice older lady. She got me registered, admitted, and to a room in less than an hour. The room was decent sized, not small like a hospital room, but more like a dorm. I had a TV, a bed, a dresser, a bathroom, and a closet. The colors werent white like I was expecting, but green, blue, and yellow. It was sort of calming, to be honest. I looked around, unsure of what to do, when I realized I needed to tell Cason bye before I started having withdrawals. I dreaded this part, because the few hours I dealt with them over the weekend were hell. Days of this would be torturebut I had to do this. It was time for me to get over my addiction, grow up, and be the man I should be. 
Cason I started, resting my hand on his shoulder. I want to thank you for helping me do this. I do have a problem. Ive been in denial for a long time, but this will be good. Can you call Francesca and tell her something came up and that Ill see her Friday? Please? I asked. I didnt want to leave her hanging, but she needed to hear it from me and not him. 
Of course. She called Saturday to check on you, but I didnt answer because its not my place. Ill let her know so she wont worry, he said, giving me a comforting grin. 
I love you, little bro, I said. My emotions were running ragged. It was embarrassing and ridiculous. 
I know. You too. Im going to go and get your stuff. They said I cant see you when I come backsoI want you to know that Im proud youre doing this. I hadnt realized how much trouble you were in or I would have stepped in sooner. He looked distraught. He couldnt be blaming himself, could he?
No, Cason, dont. This is all on me. No one else. Itll be fine once this is over. Justcould you search the apartment and get all the liquor out? I asked. 
Already on my list, he grinned. He gave me one last hug, a tight bear hug, and turned to leave. He waved a little ways down the hall and I knew this was it. This was my time to change. It was now or never.




THE OFFICE WAS ONCE AGAIN bustling with partners and higher level lawyers. Something was going on. I hadnt gotten much sleep over the weekend instead I laid in bed going over Friday night. Everything from the bike ride to the dinner date replayed in my head. The feeling of his body pressed into mine was permanently etched into my brain, and I just prayed it would happen again someday. My face was pale and appeared tired, my eyes red from crying more than Id like to admit. I hoped today wasnt my day for appraisals. 
As if on cue, Mr. Phillips and another partner, Mr. Lemming, knocked on my door. I stood, brushing my skirt down straighter and called them in. They had papers, and their expressions gravely serious. My stomach turned and knotted. It was appraisal day. 
Mr. Phillips, Mr. Lemming, good morning. How can I assist you today? I asked, motioning for them to sit in the seats in front of my desk. 
Hello, Ms. Taymon. Were here to conduct youre six month performance appraisal. Is now a good time? Mr. Phillips asked. 
Of course, I said, taking my seat. 
I see here that Mr. Phillips is letting you take a case for a Cade Kellling? Is that correct? Mr. Lemming questioned. 
Thats right, Sir. We go to court Friday morning, but I dont anticipate any issues. He doesnt have a criminal record, so I think community service will be sufficient for his charges. 
I see. Now, Ms. Taymon, can you tell us how you think youre performing with the firm? he asked. 
I hated performance appraisals. The questions were awkward and always put me on the spot. It wasnt fun talking about myself to my bosses. Well, I believe Im an asset to the office. I work hard, I like what I do, and I hope to someday become a partner. 
The two men gave each other a sidelong glance and my stomach dropped a little more. At this rate, itd be on the floor by the end of the meeting. 
Francesca, can I ask why you look so ill and tired? Mr. Phillips inquired. He didnt sound concerned, it was more condescending. 
Taken aback, I stammered, WellI had some personal issues this weekend. Im fine to work, if thats what this is about. 
No, hes just pointing out that women are too emotional. We appreciate your work and dedication, but you wont become a partner in this firm. Havent you noticed there are no women partners? Theres a reason for that. We cant risk the integrity of our business because women cry over everything, Mr. Lemming explained. 
My mouth fell open. I couldnt believe he just said that to me. I didnt know how to respond. I wanted to rip their heads off, but instead, I said, Excuse me? 
You heard us, Francesca. I appreciate you taking Mr. Kellings case. Derek is an old friend of mine and his kid just cant stay out of trouble. We bail him out every time. This time, for some unknown reasonhe wouldnt tell me--, Derek insisted you be the lawyer. I didnt want to, I fought him with all I had, but he pays us well. And we were to piss him off, it would look bad on the company, so I let you have it. Itll probably be your last, and you will go back to what youve been doing, Mr. Phillips said. He wasnt even hateful or mean about it. They sat here saying these sexist things like it was perfectly ok. 
I stood, gathering my courage. Now its my turn to say a few things. You are going to be in very serious trouble for your discrimination against me. This is a violation of the Civil Rights Act and I will pursue it. Im quitting. Im no longer going to sit by and let this place demean me with words and actions. I am a damn good lawyer and it is your loss and the firms loss that Im leaving. Ill be out by the end of the day. Ill see you in court, you may go now, I snapped out, pointing them to the door. 
Mr. Lemming stood with a huff, stomping out the door like he was a child having a tantrum. Mr. Phillips looked angryreally angry. You will regret this, Ms. Taymon, he snarled. 
I placed my hands on the desk, leaning over to get in his face, Exactly what I was thinking about you, Mr. Phillips, I hissed back. I heard a cough at the door, and I darted my eyes to see Zander standing there. He looked as pissed as I imagined I appeared. 
Im done, too. She goes, I go, he said, coming to stand by my side. 
Mr. Phillips nostrils flared, his face growing redder by the second. Zanderyou have a future here. You cant quit. This is a family business, all Phillips work here. You cant quit, he bellowed. 
Zander was the epitome of calm. I just did. Im going when she does. 
Mr. Phillips gave us both one last death glare, then darted out the door. 
I stared at Zander. Family business? His last name was McKinney, not Phillips. I was confused. 
My moms uncle, he shrugged, nodding in the direction the asshole boss just went. Dads a McKinney.
I just looked at him in amazement. Hed just quit his job, potentially ruining his career, for me. Why did you do that?
I was coming to bring you a message and overhead their little tirade. Thats so damn sexists, Francesca. You are way better than these people. Im just going to convince you to open your own firm because I need a job and you, he said, pointing his index finger to the tip of my nose, are going to give me one. 
I laughed, pulling him in for a hug. Thank you.
Anytime. Now lets pack up and get the hell outta dodge, he joked, pulling my briefcase from the floor. We spent a little over two hours getting our belongings. No one bothered us, surprisingly. By the time we were finished, hed done exactly what he said he would. I was set to open my own firm. Finally doing what Id studied so hard for. What I so desperately wanted to do the past three years. I was going to be a kick ass lawyer.


Kicking off my shoes, I sat my boxes and bags on the chair closest to me and headed for a glass of water. Hammy greeted me with snuggles around my feet. The day was still young, and I felt better than I had since I graduated law school. Working for a company that couldnt appreciate me, especially because of my sex, was not what I needed or wanted. I pulled my ponytail holder out, shaking my hair free. I bound to the couch, taking a notepad and pen from the coffee table. Starting my own firm would be a lot of work and it was time to start making a to-do list. The ideas and thoughts came all at once. Renting an office, hiring Zander, office supplies, permits, advertising, and so much more would be required. I developed my list, moving and arranging things on it as they needed to be done. I was a perfectionist and before long, the floor was littered with balled up paper. In the middle of cleaning my mess, I heard my phone ringing in the distance. 
I ran through the house, searching the boxes and bags. It wasnt there. I searched the pockets of my outfit and jacket, but the ringing seemed to be growing further away. I ran to the kitchen, remembering I laid it on the counter. I answered just in time, breathlessly saying, Hello?
Hey, is this Francesca? a deep, familiar voice answered. 
I breathed deeply a few times, then replied. Yes it is. 
Hey, its Cason, he said, his voice strained. 
I had a feeling this wasnt a social call. Hey, Cason, how are you? I said, forcing my voice to sound happier than I felt. My stomach was slowly twisting its way into a huge knot. 
Im alright. Listen, Cade wanted me to call you... he started. 
Panic rose in me. Is he ok? I asked a little too desperately. 
Yeah and no. He wants to talk to you himself, ok? So Im not saying anything, but he wont be able to contact you until Friday during court, he explained. His voice was heavy, and he sighed. Something was going on and it sounded stressful. 
OkI sense this isnt good. Is he sick? I questioned, taking a seat at the table. I wasnt sure my legs would hold me much longer. 
In a way, he answered mysteriously. 
You really arent going to tell me? I chuckled out. I mean, he hasnt contacted me at all. How do I know this isnt his way of blowing me off? I said, my voice getting a little louder with each word. Cade had hurt me before, but this time was different. It cut deeper, burned more. 
FrancescaI cant tell you because I promised my brother I wouldnt. You should know by now he cares about you. He doesnt always show it, but hes got issues, ok? And hes working on it. He talks about you all the time, and he gets this sappy ass look in his eye if anyone else brings you up. You can think what you want, but hell explain it all Friday, he said. 
I kind of quit the firm today, Cason. I dont know if your dad will still want me to represent him, I said shyly. Admitting it felt stupid. I hadnt even thought of how it would affect my one and only case. And the man I loved. 
You quit? Why? he bellowed out. I held the phone back, expecting steam to come pouring out. 
There was a discrimination issue. Regarding me. Im still capable of handling his case, but its up to your dad. 
Discrimination? Seriously? he asked, his voice calmer this time. 
Yeah. It wasnt pretty. I dont have your dads number, can you give it to me and Ill call him myself? I questioned. I stood, rummaging through a door for paper. 
Ill call him, you dont need to deal with him. If he wants to talk to you, Ill give him your number. Cool? he said. 
If youre sure. I said. It felt wrong letting him handle it. It was my mess up. 
Ok, if youre going to hear from him, itll be in the next few minutes, he instructed, bye, Francesca.
Wait! I exclaimed. You promise hes ok?
Of course. I can see you care. I wanted to call before now but he didnt want to worry you. 
If only he knew, I thought. Alright. Thank you, Cason. 
Welcome. See ya. 
He hung up. I sat there, staring at the phone for a long time. What could have happened to Cade and why didnt he contact me to let me know? Was he hurt, sick, or worse? Maybe he was in jail againNo, I would have been contacted this morning since I was his lawyer. Well, I was then anyways. I struggled with figuring it out when my phone rang. 
Hello? 
Is this Francesca Taymon? a deep voice asked. It had to be Cades dad.
I sat a little straighter, like it mattered. Yes it is. Is this Mr. Kelling?
Yes. My son just informed me you quit the firm today, and I would like to know why, he demanded. His voice was angry, sharp, and forceful. 
Nervously, I replied. Yes, Sir. I was informed I would never make partner because Im a female, so I terminated my employment. I want to assure you that I can still handle this case, Mr. Kelling. I have everything ready to go. The folder is in my briefcase, I explained, praying he allowed me to keep it. 
He was silent for a long timealmost too long. I was about to ask if he was still on the line when he answered me. That really happened? 
Unfortunately, yes it did, I said sadly. 
Those assholes. You did the right thing. You know I requested you, and they didnt want to let me have you? Now I know why. He was ranting. 
Mr. Kellingcould I ask why you requested me? Id think it was Cades doing but I know he didnt know I was his lawyer the morning of the meeting. 
No, I couldnt let him know. He may have somehow screwed it up. I requested you because youre the only person whos ever been able to get through to my son. I want him to become a decent man, not one that drinks and skirts away from his problems. I figured you were my best chance, he said matter of factly. 
I didnt know what to say. He was extremely honest and it wasnt what I was expecting. Well, thank you. I would have never been put on a case if you hadnt done that, I said, truly thankful. 
No problem. I trust you will still take care of everything Friday? he inquired. 
Of course. I just have to have your or Cades approval, I explained. 
Im paying for your services, so you have my approval. Thank you, Francesca. He hung up before I could say anything else. 
I sat there contemplating the day, hardly believing everything that had happened. Id quit my job, and decided to start my own firm. I didnt know what the future held, but I had a good feeling in the pit of my stomach about it. The only uncertainty was Cade.




DETOXING MY BODY WASNT WHAT I expected. After Cason left, a nurse came in and asked me a million questions. She did the basic doctors office stuff: blood pressure, temperature, weight, height, medical history. It was time consuming, but really, what else did I have to do? Nikki, that was her name, explained what all would happen to me during the next few days, the options I had available medically, and made me sign a paper stating this was my decision and gaining sobriety was my goal. It felt weird, going through all of this, but it also felt right. Id been hiding behind the bottle for too long now. I hadnt really lived. I was inching closer to thirty years old and had nothing to show for it. It really was no wonder I was a disappointment to Pops. I was a disappointment to myself. 
An hour or so after Nikki left, a man named Reid came in. 
Hello, Cade. My name is Reid, he said, holding his hand out. 
Hey, I said, shaking his hand. I didnt know anyone else was coming in. It made me feel uneasy. 
I just wanted to stop by and talk to you about this. Im a sponsor at the local alcoholics anonymous, and I hope youll come to meetings with me when youre finished here. I was in your exact spot three years ago. I spent four months in this facility, and the worst part of it was when I would get upset and couldnt have a drink. Im here to show you its possible, all of this, he said, holding his hands in the air, is for your benefit, but you have to keep wanting it. Becoming sober was the best decision I ever made. Im leaving my card with the receptionist, so please call me if you need anything. 
He seemed nice enough. His hair was light brown and curly, his eyes a grayish color. He was tall and hardly seemed the type that would have been an alcoholic for years. Would anyone ever look at me and think it seemed impossible? How bad is detoxing? I called out as he was turning to leave. 
He stopped, sat back down, and rested his elbows on his knees. I wont lie, its not fun. Its different for everyone, but youll mostly feel really sick. You may not remember much during the next few days. If it gets bad enough, the nurses will knock you out. They generally dont like to do that, but sometimes its necessary, he explained. Can I ask how long youve been in this shape? It may help me to determine how bad it can get. They have a chart, withdrawals range from mild to severe. Most everyone that comes here has some sort of mild symptoms. 
You know a lot about this, I said, leaning forward. Why do you do this?
Cade, I know we just met, but I want to help you. I had no one when I decided to get sober. It was hell going through it all alone, so once I hit my one year recovery, I became a sponsor, I began working here as a counselor. I do anything and everything I can to make sure no one ever feels the way I did.
I have my brother, I said, still sizing him up. It was strange for me to sit here and talk about my problems like this. I didnt like it one bit.
Has he been through this? Detoxing, rehab? he questioned. The look in his eyes told me he already knew the answer. 
I shook my head. I could feel my hands beginning to shake. Thats how it started last time, too. I feel shaky, I confessed. He wanted to help, might as well let him. 
You can ask me anything you want next week, ok? Ill come every day if itll help you. Itll be best if I leave now, though. Talking about this stuff while detoxing is frowned upon, he admitted, standing once again. 
I cant see my family, or the woman I love. Could you stay and just talk for a little longer? I want to know more about this facility and the process. 
Ill tell you more next week. Ill come by on Saturday and see how you are doing in the detoxing stage. If all is well, well talk all day, he said, giving me a warm smile. 
Ok, I said, standing to walk him to the door. I opened it, stepped aside for him to exit, and asked one final question. Hey, why dont any of these doors have locks? 
Because youre free to go whenever youd like, Cade. This isnt jail or punishment or anything of that sort. Youre here because you want to be and the lock free environment is to help remind you of that, he grinned again, patted me on the back, and exited my room. 
I watched him leave and when he got half way down the hallway, I called out, Hey, Reid? Thank you. 
He nodded in acknowledgement and continued on. I settled in front of the TV, praying what to come wouldnt be as bad as I imagined.


Mr. Kelling? a soft voice asked, pulling me from sleep. 
I opened my eyes, seeing a tall blonde with scrubs on standing over me. She looked familiar, but my head was pounding, so I couldnt remember her name at the moment. Yeah?
Nikki here, she smiled, Im just going to check your vitals. Your body has started detoxing, so I or the night nurse will be in here more often to make sure your body responds well.
Detoxing. Thats why I have a headache, I groaned, pulling myself to sitting position. 
Yes, and why youre sweating.
What else could happen? I inquired as she cuffed the BP monitor on me. 
Well, theres a range of symptoms, Mr. Kelling, she started. 
I interrupted, Please call me Cade. My voice was weak. I didnt sound like myself at all. 
Cade, she corrected, smiling. Withdrawal symptoms can be shakiness, headaches, vomiting, nausea, nightmares, and anxiety, just to name a few. The more severe symptoms 
I interjected, The more severe? Those sound pretty severe to me! I exclaimed, causing the pounding to increase. I grabbed my head, closed my eyes, and moaned. 
Dont get too excited, it makes it worse. And yes, those are considered mild compared to what could happen during withdrawals. You could get hallucinations, have convulsions, or get a fever. We will watch you closely during this stage because if the symptoms turn severe, we will need to get you to the hospital, she explained, getting her light out to check my eyes. 
I sat still, letting her complete my examination as I thought of what was happening to my body. How did I let myself get this bad? I was actually glad Francesca or my family couldnt come visit me during this. I didnt want anyone to see me in this shape. Being so dependent on alcohol did this to me. It was a lot for my brain to wrap around. 
Do you have any questions? Nikki asked, her big blue eyes peering at me. 
Had she been talking, I wondered? Umnah, not right now. Thanks though, I said. My voice was thick and hoarse. I felt like I was watching this all from a distance. Nikki left. I felt alone and as much as I hated to admit it, I was afraid. Drinking my issues away was all I knew. What would I do without it? Could I really do this? What if I failed? Would Pops really disown me this time? The questions and the overwhelming feeling I had in my chest was almost too much. I managed to drift off to sleep, dreaming I failed.


A new nurse, a male, was checking my temperature with that ear thing. The cold metal shocked my system, causing my eyes to pop open as I awoke. Whats going on? I asked, groggily. 
Cade, Im Daniel. Im just here to check on you. Nikkis shift finished an hour ago, so Im your nurse now, he explained, gripping my wrist to check my pulse. 
I feel sick, I moaned out. My stomach was in knots. The waves of nausea could only be compared to seasickness. I felt like I had the one, and only, time Id been out on the ocean on a large boat. I didnt like the feeling then, I hated it now. I may throw up, I admitted. 
He nodded, and went to his rolling cart. He got a white pill out of one of his bottles, bringing it to me. This is zofran, it will help with the nausea. Just hold it under your tongue and it will dissolve, he instructed. 
I did as he said. My hands were shaking and I almost dropped it, but Daniel helped steady them enough so I could do it myself. I felt like an invalid, an idiot, for being in this position. I vowed to never again let myself get in this situation. The medicine worked rather quickly, thankfully. My head pounded, my body sweated, and my limbs shook. I did the only thing I couldI lay back, breathing slowly and deeply, and thought of Francesca. 

Josies Funeral
5 years prior
Id watched Francescas sister die. The life left her body, leaving a beautiful corpse that reminded me too much of the one my heart was attached to. I called 911 as soon as I realized her car was losing control. Theyd gotten there in record time, prying her out of the car, but it was useless. Her soul was gone. 
The days that passed were horrible. I drank myself into a stupor, wanting nothing more than to go to Francesca. Comfort her, love her, be there for her. I knew she would be there, at the funeral, and while the thought of seeing her so sad and broken tore me in two, but I knew I had to go. I had to be there for her. To show Josie respect and show Francesca I cared. 
The day arrived. My stomach was twisted like a pretzel, my mind racing with thoughts of what could have been. It could have been me that diedand Francesca wouldnt be hurting now. I was a waste, just someone to hurt her over and over. Why couldnt it have just been me? The funeral home was packed. Students, teachers, family, and friends all crowded in the small space, crying and sharing stories of Josie. I spotted Francesca almost immediately. Her dark blonde tresses were in a braid, her face natural, yet gorgeous. Her eyes were bloodshot and she wasnt speaking to anyone. She stayed in the reserved seats, not doing anything but staring at Josie and the casket. I gasped, not wanting to see this anymore. I couldnt handle the sad expression on her face, the devastation that clouded her eyes. The once bright and shining eyes that would captivate and entice me were dull from pain. My heart burned, like a fire coursing through my veins, from seeing her like this. I moved to talk to her, but a guy, not much younger than me, walked up and grabbed her hand. The jealous rage I felt wasnt something I was used to. I wanted to rip his arm off, take her into mine, and declare he wasnt to touch her again. She leaned her head on his shoulder, and I knew they had to be dating. My heart fell, taking my hopes along with it. I couldnt do this, wouldnt do this. Stand by and watch another man comfort her when all I wanted to do was take all her pain away. I turned, signing the guest book, and left. She would know I was there. It would have to be enough.

Present Day
I drifted in and out of consciousness that first night. Daniel checked my vitals every hour or so. He wasnt as talkative as Nikki, but was nice enough. I didnt feel as detached as I had Saturday when this happened. Maybe I was because I was mentally prepared, perhaps it hadnt gotten that far yet. I really didnt know, but I prayed it didnt get any more severe. 




DAD, LISTEN, I NEEDED TO quit. Stop freaking out on me and just listen, I demanded into the phone for the fourth time since the conversation started. 
You cant just quit your job without a plan, Franny. Why did you do this? Was it because that boy is your client? Did he do something to you? His questions bombarded and overwhelmed me. 
This has nothing to do with Cade, and just so you know, Im still his lawyer. It has to do with the fact that Mr. Phillips and Mr. Lemming told me I would never get any higher than I was. I had no hope at promotion. You wanna know why, Dad? I fired at him. I paced my bedroom, rubbing my temples with my free hand. He was frustrating me. 
Yes, I do want to know why, he smarted back. 
Because Im a woman. If youd had a son, then I could be a partner at J & B Law firm, but since Im a woman, its a no go, I spewed out sarcastically. Id called to tell him I planned to open my own firm but as soon as the words were out I quit, hed went on a rampage. None of that matters though, Dad. I called to tell you I want to start my own law office and was wondering if you could help me out. He stayed silent for a long time. He reminded me of Cades dad. I sighed, throwing my body across my bed. Dad?
Im proud of you, he said quietly. You did the right thing.
His words shocked me. They were unexpected given his recent tirade about quitting. Thanks, Dad. I smiled as the words crossed my lips. 
Ill do whatever I can to help you. I think I know of a building with an office for rent. Ill call and see how much it is, he said. His voice rose in excitement, causing me to grin widely. Dad was always the type to freak out first, enjoy later. 
No hurry, Dad. We can wait until next week. I have some stuff to sort out, I have to talk to Zander, and I still have a court date Friday morning.
What does Zander have to do with this? And how did you manage to keep the client? he questioned. He genuinely sounded intrigued by the situation. 
Zander McKinney overheard my performance appraisal and quit right after. Hes been encouraging me to open my own place for a while, so I told him he could work for me. Hes still working on his degree, but he has his paralegal license, so hell be an asset. As for the client, I started, feeling nervous. It was odd still that Cade himself wouldnt talk to me and I didnt want my dad picking up on that. His dad is paying for the services, so I called to inform him of the situation. He wants me to keep the case. 
Hes a good kid. You concentrate on the case. Ill find you a building. Do you have money saved up? My dad always thought of the financial and business aspect of all situations. He had always been that way. The organized planner of the family. My mom was more carefree and spontaneous about life. I was more like him than her. 
Ok, Dad. Dont sign any leases or anything, I reminded him. Sometimes he forgot that I was an adult and made these decisions myself, so I found it best to gently push him in the direction I wanted him to go. It usually worked. 
Yeah, I know, Kiddo. Dont worry, he chuckled. I could hear his smile through the phone. Hows everything else? 
Good. I have to take Hamlet to the vet later or in the morning to see if I can take the bowl off. Im pretty excited about this whole firm thing. I really just want to go to the office supply store and buy it out, I laughed. 
He groaned, You women and your shopping. Youre just like your mother.
I laughed loudly at that. Thanks, Dad.
Its true! he exclaimed, his laughter bellowing loudly in my ear. Im going to tell your mom the good news. Call us later? 
Of course. Love you, Daddy. 
Love you, baby girl. Proud of you.
The line clicked off, leaving me alone with my thoughts once again.


The vets office was busy for a Wednesday afternoon. I gave the receptionist my appointment card, grasping Hamlet to me as he wiggled to get free. I mentally reminded myself to get a carrier for him. I wouldnt come out of this without scratches. 
Are you Mrs. Kelling? the blonde Barbie doll asked sweetly. 
Her words shook me. I stammered, UhNOumIm Francesca Taymon. A friend brought Hamlet last time. My explanation was rocky. I hadnt expected her to mention Cade much less think I was his wife. I should have known better, he had to have given them his name last time. 
I apologize. Ive got you checked in. Well call you back shortly. She gave me a hundred watt grin. 
Thanks, I said, smiling. My mind was reeling. Everywhere I went, everything I did was somehow connected to Cade. Everyone reminded me of him. Places brought back our past memories. I couldnt escape him and I didnt know why. Were we meant to be? Or was this just fates way of laughing in my face? Id never been the type of woman that needed a man, and I wouldnt change that. I didnt need Cade, but I wanted him in every possible way. To see his face every morning, feel his breath on my face as he leaned in to allow his lips to devour mine. To hear his laughter, his voice echoing through my mind, filling me with a deep sense of love, belonging, and serenity; I wanted to touch his skin, my fingers caressing every inch of his delicious body; to taste his lips, his tongue as it connected with mine, sending shivers all over my body. Maybe being with Cade was a needmy body needed him more than I realized. He was a part of me, whether I wanted him to be or not. We fit together, in every sense, perfectly. Yes, he had a drinking problem, and I possessed low self-esteembut togethertogether we were amazing. We could do anything, go anywhere. Our lives were destined to cross, not just once, but twice. It wasnt just coincidence, or Cades dad, that allowed us to meet again after so many years. It was much more. The universe had made us for each other and it was time I stop fighting it. I knew the truth now. He couldnt have saved my sisterbut he tried. And hed wanted to come to me. Why was I so stupid for so long? No more, I decided. I didnt care if I had to wait five more years, I would tell Cade how I felt. Not at the justice center, obviously, but perhaps Friday. It was time he knew. I had to release these feelings, have them out in the open, so I no longer wondered what if. It was such a stupid thing, to constantly wonder what could have happened if only things had been different. What ifs were just the minds way of trying to make you crazy. Dwelling on an event, an occurrence in life, was a great way to make you lost it. You knew the outcome and you knew you couldnt go back in time, yet you sat and thought of every possibility had you decided differently. What ifs were stupid, really. 
Hamlet? the Barbie from the desk called. She stood just behind the gate that allowed access to the rooms. 
I gathered Hammy tightly in my arms, he was a squirmy little thing, and moved forward. 
Room three, she instructed, pointing in the direction I was supposed to go. 
Thanks, I said, scratching behind Hammys ears as I walked to the room. I sat him down, after closing the door, and waited. I stopped my mind from wandering to Cade. Id had enough of that today.


Daphne: have you heard from him?
I loved her more than most people, but I didnt want to talk to her about Cade anymore. She didnt approve, for whatever reason, probably because hed hurt me. I couldnt blame her, Id kill someone if they hurt her. 
Daphne: dont ignore me. Im not mad and I wont talk bad about lover boy.
Me: I heard from Cason. He said something happened and Cade would talk to me Friday.
Daphne: really? You think hes alive?
Me: Im assuming yes since Ill talk to him Friday. Last I checked I couldnt speak to ghosts.   
Daphne: sarcasm, doll. I hope it works out. I like him, I just dont like that he disappears on you like this.
Me: I know. I would be same with you. Come over later? I got a lot to tell you. 
Daphne: Sure, Ill be over after you get off work. 
Me: Yeahjust come whenever. Not at work. Tell you when you get here.
I hadnt had time to tell her. When I tried contacting her yesterday, shed never replied. She was busy with her job, so I hadnt pushed her. I didnt like being the center of attention, so I prayed she wouldnt make a big deal about it. Daphne knew a lot of people in town, so she would come in handy when I opened my firm. Shed always hated my job, almost as much as I did, and wanted me to quit. I anticipated she would be excited. 
I sat on the couch, tapping the ballpoint to my lips. I needed to finish my list, as well as make one for Friday. My first day in court was fast approaching and the excitement was almost too much. I got to argue for the first time and see Cade. 




WEDNESDAY WAS THE WORST. I couldnt sit up, or think clearly. The pounding in my head was the equivalent to a tractor trailer rolling over my brain. The sheets stayed soaked, my sweat creating an oh-so-not-pleasant odor for everyone that visited. Nikki and Daniel stayed close by, cause my anxiety to spike. I kept reminding myself withdrawals wouldnt kill me, but I wasnt convinced. Theyd finally knocked me out when it all became too much for me. The groaning and moaning annoyed even me, but I couldnt stop. It was like I didnt have control of my own body. It was not something I ever wanted to experience again. 
It was now Friday, and I trudged to take a shower. Court was in two hours, and while I still felt like Id been beaten and died a few times, I was slowly on the mend. I dressed in my nicest outfit. I was determined to impress the judgeand my lawyer. It killed me inside knowing I hadnt called her after we made love. I wouldnt blame her one bit if she wanted nothing to do with me. It was a shitty move on my part. I just hoped, prayed, she would forgive me when she found out the reason why. I was doing this for her, whether she knew it or not. It was for me, too, but she had inspired me to be better. To do more with my life. I was telling her today how I felt. 
A knock on the door startled me. Come in, I called. I flung my legs over the side of the bed, standing slowly to greet my visitor. 
Reid came waltzing in, dressed in khakis and a buttoned shirt. He looked nice, and had a huge smile adorning his face. Morning, Cade, he greeted. He exuded happiness and stability. 
At this moment, with my head throbbing and my body weak, I hated, yet envied him. Hey, I said, dryly. I still wasnt sure how I felt about this guy. Could be the way my body felt, could be a legit reason. I didnt know yet. 
Are you ready to go? Your lawyer wants to meet you a little early to go over things, he said, surprising me. 
Go? Youre going to court with me? I questioned. 
Yeah, a counselor has to escort you, and I volunteered. I get the feeling we need to get to know each other better, so I figured this would be a good way, he explained, his wide smile not faltering. How was he so happy all the time? It was annoying. 
Right, I said sarcastically. I checked my hair in the mirror, smoothing the wild ends down. I slid my wallet into my pocket, went to grab my keys but remembered I didnt need them, so I put on my shoes instead. Im ready, I told him, stuffing both hands in my front pockets. 
Lets go, he instructed, opening the door and leading the way down the hall.


The ride over was quite. Reid talked, a lot, but I didnt answer much. I gave as many yes and no replies as I could muster. The courthouse came into view and my heart started that fluttering thing it did when I saw Francesca. Great, now it happened at the thought of being around her. I had it bad. 
Cade, I get the feeling you dont like me, Reid observed, parking the car. 
YeahIm not sure how I feel about you yet, I admitted. New Cade wasnt going to lie, might as well start with a stranger. 
Cadeyou can get here, too. I only want to help you. I think wed be great friends. I know exactly how you feel right now, like a semi ran over you, then backed up and did it again. I know because Ive been there. Its up to you whether you take advantage of that or not, but know that Im here as a friend and a counselor. His sincerity hit me deep. 
This is hard, you know? I said quietly. Admitting my faults wasnt something I was used to. 
I know all too well, Cade, he replied. He stared out the window, lost in his thoughts. 
Movement to my right made me turn. Francesca was walking around to the passenger side of her car, pulling out her briefcase and other necessities. My breath caught at seeing her. Her face was flawless, though her eyes looked sad. Blonde tresses were pulled into a low ponytail. Her outfit fit perfectly, showing off every curve Id ran my hands over. She was beautiful and had no idea. 
Cade? Reid asked beside me. 
Yeah? My eyes didnt leave her. I dont think I even blinked. 
You ok? Who is that? he chuckled. 
My lawyer, I replied, not budging. 
You have a hot lawyer, he said. I felt him move to look around me. 
I snapped around, glaring at him. Dont look at her like that, I commanded. My voice was harsh, lethal. 
His hands shot up in surrender. Just making an observation. While Im at ityou got a thing for your lawyer, huh? he smiled wickedly. Damn, he was annoying. 
I shrugged, We have history. You ready? I asked, grabbing hold of the handle. 
Yeah, Ill keep a distance so you two can talk, he said, much to my pleasure. At least the guy can take a hint.
We got out of the car and I called her name. She stopped, turning to me in slow motion. Our eyes met and my knees weakened. How did she do this to me? I walked forward, taking my steps carefully. Francesca, we need to talk, I said. My hand itched to reach out and touch her, but I wasnt sure how she would react. 
Cade, she said, her voice breaking. She was hurt. Again. 
I know, Im sorry, I have to tell you something. Lets go in? I suggested, nodding to the double doors staring at us. 
She nodded. She didnt speak. I didnt know if it was because she wouldnt, or couldnt. My heart broke knowing Id probably made her cry. We stepped inside, and she directed me to a little room on the side. Reid was following behind us, but not close enough to invade our privacy. 
Whats the bodyguard for? she asked. There was a bite to her reply that wasnt normal. 
Im about to tell you, I said, Hes not a bodyguard though.
We sat in the room, facing each other. I was nervouslike shaking hands, knotted stomach, I-may-puke-on-her nervous. She tapped her fingernail against the table, her brows raised as she watched me expectantly. Now that I was here, under her gaze, I wasnt sure where to begin. 
Saturday morning I was having alcohol withdrawals. I was embarrassed and didnt want you to know, so I had you call Cason. He made me promise to talk to someone Monday. Well, me being the weak bastard that I am, called a friend to bring me liquor as soon as I got home. I meant to call you Sunday, but I was so drunk I forgot. Monday rolled around, Cason showed up and dragged me to a therapist office, I started. 
Her eyes were wide as she listened. She was in a trance, her mouth slightly open from the shock of it all. She waved her fingers about, motioning for me to continue. 
When I got there, we talkedand she recommended rehab. Francesca, Im in rehab. The last few days have been hell as Ive been detoxing. I feel like I could die but none of it matters because seeing you, the look on your face, the hurt in your eyes, is worse. Im so sorry I hurt you. Im not allowed to contact anyone on the outside for two weeks. After that, I can only see family. My dad is paying for this place and its really high class, I told her, using air quotes. They say having outside contact may hinder the process. Im sorry. I dont know how many times to tell you this for you to know it. Francescathe night you stayed with me was the best night of my life. Ive never felt more alive, more loved, happier, than when I hold you in my arms. Seeing your face makes my heart beat faster, in a good way, and I feel this calmness come over me. I dont know why, but its always been this way with you. I understand if you cant forgive me, and I know you could do better, but Im going to try my damnedest to make it up to you when I get out of here. I dont care if it takes a year, or ten, or even twenty. I will make you see how much I care. I laid it all out on the table for her. I placed my hands in the praying position, holding them in front of my face.
Her gaze was steady and calm. Her eyes betrayed her, though, because they were swimming in emotion. I couldnt tell if it was happiness, sadness, or confusion. Perhaps it was a combination of the three. Her chest rose and fell as she breathed. She bit her lip, telling me she was thinking, but the wait was killing me. I couldnt sit in the silence anymore. 
Reid, the bodyguard as you called him, is a sponsor and part time counselor. Hes a recovered addict, and I had to be escorted here today. My body is weak still, and I know I would go to the liquor store given the chance, so he brought me. He figured out that Im in love with you and said hed keep his distance. He seems like a nice guy, hes just a little too happy for my liking in my current state, I explained. 
Are you ok? her voice asked softly. She sounded scared and small. Not like Francesca at all. 
I will be, I said. I braved reaching my hand across to comfort her. Her slender fingers moved beneath mine. I was scared she was pulling away, but she didnt. Big brown eyes never left my gaze. 
You really want this? Cason or your dad didnt pressure you? she inquired. She had doubts about me. 
Who could blame her? Id never given her a reason to think Id wanted to change. Hell, I hadnt wanted to change before now. I want this 100%. You inspire me to do better. Ill be thirty years old in a few years and have nothing to show for it. Its time I grow up, take responsibility, and stop hiding behind my addiction. 
She continued to stare at me, her eyes penetrating my soul. I was certain she wouldnt say anything else, just go in court, represent me, and that be that. My heart was slowly dying at the thought, but what could I do? Then she spoke. 




CADEI CAME HERE TODAY determined to tell you how I feltso here it goes. I think I fell in love with you the day you offered me crackers. I dont know why I have this strong connection to you, how to prevent it, how to stop it, but I do know its there. I look at you and I see my future. Now, I dont know if itll work. I know it wont be easy, because lets face it, nothing worth it ever is. I cant live one more day without you knowing how I feel, I said, peering at him and fighting back the tears. I blinked several times, pushing them back, and continued. Im so proud of you for getting help, Cade. You dont know how happy that makes me. I worried about you when we were younger, and I worry now. I am here for you, anything you need. I dont want to go three months without talking to you, but if it means that youll be better and can actually be in this with me, then I can deal. I reached over, taking his hand in mine. You make me whole, Cade Kelling.
He was around the table in seconds, pulling me up from the chair and crushing his lips to mine. His mouth was rough, needy as he devoured me. His tongue claimed mine. He was taking what was his--me--and letting me know. I snaked my arms up his chest, earning a groan from him, and around his neck, pulling and twisting his strands. We finally broke, our chests heaving as we caught out breath. 
Francesca, he said huskily, leaning his forehead to mine. You are amazing. Please say youll wait for me to get sober and lets try this, he pleaded with me. His eyes searched mine and I saw the uneasiness he felt. 
I placed my palms on his hard chest, gripping him lightly. Itll always be you, Cade. And if I have to wait three years, I will, as long as it means youll come back to me as a whole person. I want you to be who I know you can be. The person I see when I look at youbut you have to get ahold of the addiction. We cant work if you dont I told him, reaching up and kissing him lightly on the cheek. I want you and only you. 
He smiled widely, making my stomach flop. He licked his huge, pouty lips, and said, I promise. For us, I will do this and well be amazing. 
I knew there was a possibility it wouldnt work. Cades addiction would always be a problem, something we would have to deal with, and I was ok with that. If it meant I could feel the oneness, the happiness, and the excitement I felt only with him, I would help him. Together, we could do anything. 
Lets go let me kick ass in court, I said, untangling myself from his arms. 
Anything for you, Francesca, he stated, smiling widely and following me.


The judge looked at Cade wearily as I spoke. My voice started out shaky, but I gained confidence after the initial argument. Cade watched me while exuding confidence. We were in general session court, which mean a lot of others were there as well, and once I explained Cades alcoholism and his determination to get help, the case was closed. He got thirty hours of community service, some of which he could complete in rehab, and we were free to go. I basically won my first case. The bar owner was pissed off, wanting Cade in jail. He hadnt even damaged the mans property, so I didnt know why he was out for blood, but I was ecstatic he didnt get it. We walked out, both of our faces glowing with delight. Reid waited for us on the bench, his leg tapping frantically. His boredom disappeared once he saw us looking so gleeful, and he stood to greet us. 
How did it go? he asked us, his smile wide and excited. He was nice. Cade introduced me right before we went in the courtroom, and Reid instantly treated me like a friend. His personality was contagious and I liked his easygoing nature. I believed he would be a great help for Cade in rehab. 
Thirty hours community service, some of which can be completed in rehab, I grinned, squeezing Cades arm and winking at him. 
Yeah, I have an amazing lawyer, he joked, giving a cocky gaze in my direction. 
I playfully smacked him, rolling my eyes. Cheesy.
Reid broke in, seemingly pleased with our interaction. Im so sorry to break this up, but we have to get back. The nurses will need to check your vitals since they havent in a while. 
Panic gripped me. Id just gotten Cade back and now he was leaving for three months, possibly more. I turned to face him, my hands shakily reaching to grip his arms. Cadewhy are they checking your vitals? Are you ok? You said you were I stammered out. I looked him over, taking in every feature. His bright blue eyes looked tired, but they were still enough to make me swoon under his gaze. His brown hair was ruffled and ready for me to run my fingers through. His body drew me in, calling me to close the distance. I wanted to give in, no, needed to give in, but couldnt. Not in the courtroom. 
He broke our gaze, turning to Reid. Could we have maybe twenty minutes in the car? I dont get to see her for three months, he said sadly. 
Reid looked at us both, mentally debating on what to do. He finally relented, nodding his head and guiding us to the door. We followed, careful to not draw attention to our relationship with each other. It wouldnt affect the decision, but I didnt want other lawyers deciding my reputation before I got my name out there. We walked towards Reids car and he nodded for us to get in. He stood, leaned against the hood, as we climbed inside. 
Francesca, Im fine. The facility keeps tabs on our vitals during the detoxing stage because for some people it gets severe. Im past the worst, so Im clear. They just have to keep records, he explained.  
Im worried about you, I choked out. I could feel the tears begging to break free. 
His rough, calloused fingers softly caressed my cheek. Dont. Ill be ok. Reid is one of the sponsors. Hell be there for a lot of it, and hes decided we should be friends, so I doubt I can get rid of him, he said lightly. 
I like him. I think hell be good for you. He seems to care, I told him, looking out the front window to where Reid stood with his back to us. Maybe it wont be so bad making a friend while youre there. 
Yeah, Im just not in the mood for the excited happiness he contains, he admitted. Hes been in my position, though, you know? Itll be good to talk to him, I guess. Cason can only understand so much. 
Hes a good brother, I told him, resting my head on the back of the chair. Im gonna miss you. I only got you back a couple of weeks ago, I sniffled. The tears were freely falling now. I didnt bother to try and stop them. 
Ill call and write. Itll be like Im still right here, he assured me, his thumb tracing circles on my arm. Please, dont be upset. Youll be busy with work and stuff, so the time will fly by.
I quit, Cade, I groaned out. I shifted my eyes sideways to look at him, watching the shock register on his face. It was entertaining. 
His blue eyes bulged, his mouth falling open slightly. Why in the world did you quit? You couldnt have, you just were in there with me, he stammered, his hands waving around in the air as he spoke. 
I bit my lip, hiding the smile that was trying to break free. I did represent you, because I called your dad and explained the situation. I quit because the firm wasnt respecting me, they were taking advantage. It wasnt right. SoIm going to open my own firm. Im starting everything next week, I grinned when I was finished explaining. 
His lips mirrored mine as he reached over, pulling me close. You will be great, Francesca. That is amazing, he whispered in my ear. He leaned away, looking at me with pride filled eyes. Youre so wonderful. I cant believe you want me. 
Cade, how could I not want you? You make me feelalive.
His lips found mine, gently tugging and caressing as he ravaged me with his tongue. I knew this was the last kiss we would share for a while. The finality of it was depressing, making us both much more eager. Our connection deepened, leaving me breathless and dizzy when we eventually broke. He gazed into my eyes, memorizing every inch of my face, before speaking again.  Ill miss you. And you make me feel more than alive. He gave me a tiny peck on the top of my nose, then a regretful expression replaced his happy one. Reid is fidgeting. I think its time to go, he said, staring out the window and lifting a finger to let Reid know he understood. 
Be strong, Cade. I know you can do this. I know. I emphasized. 
He nodded, wrapping his arms around me tightly. I inhaled his scent, realizing it was a bit different now that it wasnt masked by alcohol. I etched him into my memory, this moment in time one Id never forget. I released him, climbing out of the car. I could feel his eyes following my every move. Reid smiled at me sweetly, showing he understood. 
Take care of him, Reid. 
I will, he said, patting me gently on the back. I headed to my car, not looking back. I couldnt stand seeing him watching me with the sadness in his eyes. They were gone when I finally got the nerve to turn in his direction.


Hamlet sensed my despair and didnt leave my side the rest of the day. I stayed strong, working on filling out paperwork to get permits and licenses to open my firm. I knew Cade would be ok. This was best for both of us. Once he was in recovery, we would be able to be togethersomething new for us. We fell in love nine years ago and only just confessed our feelings for one another. I couldnt think about missing him for the next few months, only about seeing him again. He would be different, a changed man, but hed also be broken. It had taken a lot of courage for him to admit he needed help and I was immensely proud of him for it. Excitement filled my being as I anticipated our future. 




First Month of Rehab
REHAB WASNT WHAT I EXPECTED. The meetings, all the talking, it was difficult to get accustomed to. I went to meetings every day, sometimes more than one. Cason visited once a week, usually bringing Mom with him, but Pops wasnt happy. During our family meeting, the counselors had informed him they all were my enablers. He didnt like that much and stormed out. I hadnt heard from him since. I wasnt sure if I cared, honestly. I thought of Francesca every day. We wrote letters weekly, keeping the other informed of progress regarding my treatment and her grand opening. I anticipated her mail, though I didnt want anyone to know just how important hearing from her was. Knowing that she was thinking about me, missing me, kept me sane. I still wanted alcohol, and according to the people I talked to every day, it would be a constant issue to deal with for the rest of my life. I was working on learning new ways to handle any problems I faced. It was hard, but no one ever claimed it was a walk in the park. Reid visited me every day. The guy wasnt so bad, now that I wasnt half dead. His cheery personality was contagious. I wanted to be that happy. To love my life so much that no one could bring me down. I knew I was on the right path. I just wasnt sure how long it would take me to get there. 
A knock on the door distracted me from the television. Come in, I called. 
Reid sauntered in, a huge smile adorning his face as usual. Hey, Cade! I brought the mail, he taunted, waving it in the air. 
I knew there was a letter in there. He was the only one that really knew about Francesca. All the doctors and counselors stressed to not start anything serious while in rehab. In reality, it started nine years ago, so there wasnt any rule or advice breaking. Reidcan I have it, please? I inquired, giving him a stern look. 
I dunno. Wanna tell me how many times youve wanted a drink today? 
Four. Now, give it to me, I commanded, reaching my hand out. 
Four isnt so bad. Not as many as yesterday, he smiled, placing the treasure in my grasp. 
Thanks, man. Now get out so I can read it, I chuckled. 
Ill be back later. Enjoy, he called, leaving me alone.
I ripped the envelope open, peeling out the delicately folded paper. Her handwriting reflected her, soft and gentle, but you could see the passion in each stroke. She used different paper each time. Each contained a flower of some sort. Id never realized she enjoyed flowers so much, but I made a mental note to get her lots of them once we had time together. I considered having Cason order some for me, from me, as a thinking-of-you surprise. I unfolded the letter, sitting back in the seat to devour every word. 
Cade,
I hope youre doing well. Your last letter was wonderful, thank you so much. Im going to answer your questions first.  Yes, Hamlet is fine. Hes been having playdates with Ally and the two of them are adorable. The plans for the firm are coming along nicely. The office Ive chosen wont be ready for another month and a half, so Im working on getting everything in order. Zander, Ill tell you about him in a minute, is anxious to start working for me. Hes even been talking to people and getting us clients! My mom and I went furniture shopping yesterday and I found the most amazing cherry oak desk. I put a down payment on it. It was gorgeous, Cade. My office is going to be so amazing! I cant wait until you can see it. I cant wait until I can go there every day and do what Ive always wanted to. 
The lawsuit is at a standstill. J & B Law Firm is refusing to acknowledge the paperwork I sent to them. They dont realize Zander will testify for me if it comes to that. I pray it doesnt, though. I am in the process of finding past female workers to see if similar things were said to them. 
Zander was the receptionist at the firm. Hes working on becoming a paralegal so he can do that while he works through law school. Hes also Mr. Phillips great-nephew. I didnt know that until he quit right in front of me. Hes a good worker and I think it will be great opening an office with someone I know there to support me. 
Now, I want to know about you. Cason calls every time he visits with your messages. I love that, by the way. Its not the same as talking to you, but his voice is similar, so its easy to close my eyes and let my mind believe youre speaking to me. I cant believe your dad had them take away phone privileges. If I had enough money saved, I would take over the payments just so he wouldnt have that sort of control. Its not like youre in prison. I really dont understand him, Cade. I hope youll explain more about that relationship sometime. 
I found an old picture of us from the dance. Do you remember that night? I wanted you to go so badly, but I convinced myself you wouldnt. My heart stopped when you spoke up behind me. Anyway, the picture was in an old box under my bed. Unfortunately, it has a few rips on the edges. Luckily, I have the negative for it. Cant believe we didnt have digital cameras then. 
Im going to tell you something no one else knows. Ive had nightmares about Josies death for years. Every night. I think a lot of it was because people led me to believe you were driving that nightonce I learned the truth, the nightmares have become less frequent. Ive also started back with my therapist. I want to work on myself. I need to move past my sisters death, even though it hurts. Its time to live for both of us. 
I must stop the letter here. Daphne keeps calling wanting to help decorate my office. I dont have the heart to tell her I dont want everything to be pink and black, so Im not sure how Im going to get out of this one. Shes wonderful, though. I cant wait until you two can get to know each other better. My two favorite people. Hammy says helloerr, meow, I mean. 
I miss you more than I ever imagined, Cade. I think of you every day. I pray you get better, stay strong, and become the man you want to bethe man I know you already are. I cant wait for us to be together, and see just how spectacular we can be as a team. Until next time
xoxo
Francesca
The smile I held was a mile wide. She made me happy. Nothing in the letter was overly fantastic, but all of it was amazingly wonderful. Knowing she was doing what shed always dreamed of, and finally being able to deal with her sisters death warmed my heart. I longed to hear her voice, but it wouldnt be much longer. As frustrating as it was to only write to her, it held a romantic quality about it that was undeniable. Rummaging around my room, I found my pad of paper and pen, sitting to start my letter back to her.




THE END OF THE FIRST month of Cades rehab was fast approaching. Zander, my dad, and I were working tirelessly to get everything in order for Francesca Taymon, Attorney at Law Office to open. The sign was being made, the office was being renovated, and I couldnt stop myself from ordering furniture. Everything was so pretty and enticing. I just couldnt contain my excitement. 
Today was a rare free day. I was taking advantage, doing as much of nothing as possible. I lay on the couch, snuggling with Hammy while listening to Lady Antebellums newest CD on repeat. The songs, the words, spoke to me in ways most couldnt. My fingers dug deep in Hammys fur, petting and massaging him until his purr drowned out the lyrics. Between the vibrations of his body on my chest and the rhythm of his sounds, I drifted off into a much needed nap. 
The doorbell woke me from my dreams. I dragged myself up, shuffling my feet to the door while smoothing my hair down. Shocked doesnt begin to describe the way I felt when I opened the door to see a man standing there with a dozen, maybe more, of multi colored roses. 
Francesca Taymon? his deep voice asked from behind the arrangement. 
Yes, I said, the smile expanding on my face. 
Delivery. He peeked around the side of them, placing the vase securely in my hands before turning and leaving. 
I swung my hip, hitting the door hard enough for it to close. I walked gingerly, not wanting to harm the beauties I held, and sat them on the table right inside the living room. I pulled the envelope from the holder, making note of how heavy and large it was. I opened it frantically, hoping my thoughts were right in thinking these were somehow from Cade. 
FrancescaI hope you enjoy and these brighten your day like you brighten mine. I had Cason attach the letter. Love, Cade
My heart did a squeal and my voice followed. Jumping up and down, I tried to contain myself from being happy, but there was no point. Cade Kelling sent me flowers and signed it with love. I grasped the letter in my hands, bounding over to the couch to get comfy to read it. 
My lovely Francesca, 
I hope you are doing well. The flowers reminded me of you, so I sent Cason to order them for you. I really hope you look at them every day and know that Im thinking of you. I try not to dwell on how much I messed up with you in the past. I regret it, but I cant go through life with regrets, so my therapist and I are working on it. Rehab is a hard process. I didnt know it was this involved. I didnt expect to learn so much about myself. I still have issues with how to deal with not drinking, but Im doing better. Each day, every minute gets a little better. 
Reid is supportive, but so annoying. He never isnt happy. Its kind of weird. Its nice because he has been there, he knows what Im feeling. A lot of the counselors have, but hes just kind of stuck to me. I dont think Im ever getting rid of him, Francesca. Im honestly a little scared hell move in with me when this is over. 
Of course I remember the dance. I wasnt planning on going, but I overheard someone talking to you about it and you confirmed you were going. I knew I had to. Being around you kept me sane, grounded, during those years. If only Id realized I was in love with you then things may have been different. And yes, Francesca Taymon, I am in love with you. I have been since you denied the cracker I offered. 
How is Hammy? I bet him and Ally are cute. Hes a sweet cat. He got his bowl off, right? I forgot to ask. Ive never been responsible enough to own a pet, but I want to. I may get a fish or something when I get home. I cant do too much to damage a fish, can I? 
I wish you could come see me. I know you are going to rock at this lawyer stuff. Im happy for you, excited really. I wish I could see the office. Can you take pictures of it? Maybe you shouldnt buy furniture. You want to have room for everything you need, but if you keep buying ityou know? Why do women buy stuff so much? 
You know Im just teasing you. 
Im happy youre working on moving past Josies death. I didnt know her that well, but she reminded me of you. She was happy and brightened a room. If theres anything I can do to help, I will. Im here for you, Francesca. Always. 
How is the lawsuit going? I cant believe that place. Cason said my dad refuses to hire them for anything now. My dad is coming aroundhe hasnt visited, but hes sent messages through Mom and Cason. He seems to be trying. So, I have to try, too. Weve never really got along. I dont know why. Mom has always been the parent I go to for everything. I hope to make a better relationship with him. 
I have to get ready for our circle meeting. Ill anxiously await your next letter. Enjoy the flowers and I hope all your business stuff goes well. Until next time, Ill be thinking of you, dreaming of you, and wanting you. And remember, Ill always do anything for you, Francesca. 
Love, 
Cade
My smile could probably blind someone had they walked in my house in the moments after reading Cades letter.  My heart was full, my house smelled fresh, and I was just happy. 




Second Month of Rehab
THE DAYS WERE BECOMING EASIER, the cravings not so intense. Reid was quickly becoming my best friend, my confidante. The more I learned about him, the more I compared it to me and discovered new things. The facility was nothing short of amazing. All the nurses, counselors, coordinators, and even janitors were friendly and helpful. I was getting closer to some of the other patients, going to them when I wanted a drink or couldnt get it out of my head. Francescas letters still kept me going. I came to expect them at the end of each week, and reread them until I worried the paper would tear. 
I lay back on the bed, waiting for the morning group meeting, when the letter came. Two pieces of paper fell out, one a letter, and one looked like a poem. I smoothed the paper, reading the poem first. 
Sizzling lips scorch my skin
Rough hands pull me close
Hearts beating fast
Breaths becoming ragged
Eager bodies with trembling limbs
Melding together, again and again

Grazing teeth against luscious lips
Nails sinking deep in shoulders
Gasping in sync
A trail of fire left in your descent
Eager bodies with trembling limbs
Melding together, again and again
Her words hit my heart, speeding up my rhythm. They jumped off the paper, playing out our night of lovemaking in my brain. My insides tightened, my temperature rose at the thoughts of her body next to mine. Shaking my head, I held the other paper in front of me, desperately trying to steady it and make my mind concentrate on her words. 
Cade, 
I hope you are doing well and getting more in control. I wish I could talk to you. I keep having dreams of you, and these words in the poem were on my mind one morning, so I wrote them down. I know it sounds corny, but I had to let it out. You consume my mind, Cade. I dont know why, I dont know how to stop it, but its happening. I think of you more than Id like to. And I just confessed it all. I understand if you dont send any letters back after this, I sound like a crazy person. 
The office is almost finished! The landlord said I can be in and open for business on October fifth. So as soon as the renovations and everything are over, I have to get the move on getting everything set up. Zander finally told me to stop buying stuff and had me put his name on the accounts so he could cancel my obsessive ordering. Its bad, Cade. I have a problem. Its just so exciting to be able to create this space thats mine and people will come here for help, from me, and I want it to look amazing and feel homey. Its a lot of pressure now that I think about it. 
The lawsuit is officially going to court next month. They arent cooperating. It is what it is. Its going to be a really big pain, but I cant back down now. 
The last of my flowers died today. So I took the petals and put them in a jar. They smell amazing, and remind me of you. I have them on my bedside table. The vase is going to be the home for some fake flowers soon. I dont want to get rid of any of it. You have no idea how much it meant to me that you went to that trouble, the effort you put into it, just because you knew I would smile. Thank you again. 
Hammy is getting fat. He eats too much, then pukes it up. Its a very bad habit. I dont know how to make him stop! I guess I need to put my cat on a diet. Ive considered getting another cat so he can play with someone. Im not around enough for him to chase my shoe strings. 
I hope the visit went well with your dad. I hope he showed up, actually. I know you were worried, but I think it went great. I havent heard from Cason lately, but I know hes been busy with work. Reid called me the other day though. That guy is hilarious, Cade! I still dont know exactly why he called, but I assumed it was because he wanted me to know you were thinking about me. He talks in circles sometimes. I dont think youll be getting rid of him either. 
I must go now. There are lots of things to do and never enough time. I wish the best for your recovery. I cant wait until I can see you again. If our reunion meeting is anything like my dreams have been, we are in for a fun night ;) Im sending pictures of the office. I finally got in to take some! The landlord can be a pain at times. Of course, these photos are the before. Ill send afters later. 
Good luck, Cade. Im thinking of you and wishing I was with you, always. 
Love,
Francesca 
My heart fluttered more, knowing I was stuck in her mind as well. My thoughts never wandered far from her, to the point of obsession at times. Not the bad obsession, but the consuming, loving kind. I placed the letter back in the envelope, sliding it into the top drawer of my dresser. I would write her back after the morning meetings. I practically danced out of my room, the joy that only Francesca could bring radiating off of me. 




SUING SOMEONE WASNT EASYESPECIALLY if that someone was your previous employer. Mr. Phillips and Mr. Lemming glared at me every time I walked in the courtroom, walked out of the courtroom, or breathed, really. Keeping my anger in check was difficult. All I wanted to do was rip their heads off or something equally intense, but I stayed cool and collected. Losing my temper wouldnt be good for the case. I had a friend of mine, Dane Welling, helping represent me. It was never a good idea to represent yourself, no matter what the circumstances were. 
The weeks were long, the weekends short. I ached for Cades next letter each Monday. I wondered if his hair had grown longer and had that shaggy curl at the ends. If his eyes were bright and lively again, or if he still hurt and it reflected in his gaze. I annoyed Reid often now, texting him messages for Cade while he was visiting. His dad had been coming around, but he still refused to let them put a phone in his room or allow him access. I still dont know how that was legit, but it sucked nonetheless.  I drove home Cade Style, pushing the gas harder than ever before. I knew it would be waiting in the mailbox, calling me to open and read it. I just had to get there. The house was in sight and I couldnt contain my excitement. Gripping the wheel tightly, my knuckles were as white as my pale skin, I screeched the car to a halt and pulled the box open. The junk mail littered my dash and floorboard as I searched for the treasure, my heart speeding up uncontrollably when I saw my name in his scratchy writing. 
I ripped it open, surprised to see he sent two sheets this time. My cheeks flooded with embarrassment as I realized hed written a poem back. 
Heart beating quickly
Stomach feeling sickly
I cant write
This is an awful sight
I miss you like crazy
Do you mind if I call you baby?
My body shook with laughter, and my stomach hurt from doing it for so long. Closing my eyes, I imagined him standing in front of me, his eyes wide and pitiful, his lips pouty, and his hair in all directions while he recited this poem. It was too much for me to think of, so I folded the paper, tucking it in my purse, and opened the letter. 
Darling Francesca,
I hope you liked the poem. I obviously have no talent in the writing department. I think I slept through those classes, or maybe I was skipping school those daysall of them. I loved the one you sent me. I have it in my wallet and read it every day. You put so much emotion and heart into those words, I could feel it. How do you do that? Everything you do is amazing and wonderful, did you know that? 
Rehab is well. I still cant believe I can say that without embarrassment now. I dont have to call anyone with intense cravings any more, Im using the tools they taught me and dealing with it myself. The doctors think I may be able to become an outpatient sooner than most. I hope theyre right, because I want to see you. And I really want a large pizza from Mannys. 
The before pictures are awesome! Im so excited youll have this huge place all to yourself. People will be coming to you for help, Francesca. Thats got to be amazing for you. Zander sounds like a riot. I cant wait to meet him and talk cars. Your girlfriends all sound fun too. I saw them all that night you met Mr. Baby Batter, right? They seem like an eclectic group of ladies.
Have you started on the home renovations yet? How is the lawsuit going? I wish I could be there to support you during the trial. This lawyer you have helping, Dane, seems like a hard ass. Phillips and Lemming arent going to know what hit them when youre finished, Francesca. Im really glad you found those other women that had the same thing happen. Not that its good its happened before, but it his good for your case. You know what I mean. Have I mentioned youre pretty? 
Im getting bored in here. I can only watch so much TV and talk in so many group sessions. Ive made some friends, and I think theyll extend to outside of these walls. Working through a similar issue with people that fully understand your emotions, wants, needs is incredible. Were creating bonds. 
Im so proud that you were able to go to Josies crash site. I really wish I could have been the one to talk you, but Daphne is a great friend for doing it. I know it was hard on you. Its hard on me thinking of you being there, but I hope it helped. She truly is proud of you and watching over you, Francesca. You make your sister proud. 
Its time for me to shower and get some sleep. I have meetings with two counselors tomorrow and Reid is supposedly bringing me a surprisewhatever that means. He really is a strange dude, you know? I hope everything goes well this week. Ill be anxiously awaiting the next letter (and maybe poem?) you send me. Sweet dreams, my love. Happy waking hours, and as always, Ill think of you every moment my brain is working. 
I love you, Francesca. 
Cade




Third Month of Rehab
LESS THAN THREE WEEKS STOOD between me and my outpatient status. I would have to come here every day, to meet with counselors and have group meetings, but I would be able to go home after. Id be able to see Francesca. The thought overwhelmed me with happiness. 
Reid sat in front of me, talking about some girl he was after. I was zoned out, not even trying to listen, when he clapped his hands loudly in front of my face, making me jump. 
What theI started. 
Im trying to tell you something. Your girl was in the newspaper. Shes having a big grand opening party the day after you get out of here, he snapped out quickly. 
A party? 
Yes, and Im sure there will be alcohol, but I have an idea for youI think you should surprise her. Every time she texts me wanting to know about you, she talks about how she wishes you could be there when her business launches, he explained. 
Does she text you a lot? I questioned, fighting the raging jealousy growing in my chest. 
He gave me an incredulous look and said, Its not like that. Shes as gaga for you as you are for her. She talks about you when she texts. Anyways, you have to stay with someone for the first three months youre in outpatient, and I nominate me. I have a room thats free, and I plan to hide you there until you can show up at her launch party. 
Sorry, man, I didnt mean it like that. I just miss her, I sighed. Ill stay with you. It beats trying to be civil with Pops, I laughed. 
He shook his head, letting me know he didnt want to get into that story again, and handed me a folded up paper. Francesca ran out of stamps, so she sent it with me.  He walked out, shutting the door softly behind him before I could speak. 
Unfolding the paper, I slid into the chair at the desk, smoothing the sheet on the wood and reading her words to myself. 
Cade, 
Im meeting Reid for lunch today. I have to see him tell me that you truly are so much better. I know youve had a problem, but I really cant imagine you without the alcohol. I know youre amazing, but I just feel like you will be so much better now. I cant wait until we can just sit and talk, get to know each other as adults. It may seem silly, but I always felt like you knew me better than anyone else, even if you didnt know all the small details that make me Francesca Taymon. Sometimes its not the person that knows the most about you, but the person that sees the most in you. Ive always felt like you always saw the best in me. You see more when you look at me than I do. Cade, its wonderful to know you see the person I want to be when you look at me. 
Anyways, Im rambling. Thank you for your poem. I laughed for days over that. Youre such a funny person. Ive been keeping it right next to my bed so I can read itand I may have read it to Daphne when she called the other day. It was just too hilarious not to! 
The grand opening is in 23 days! Im running around like a maniac trying to get everything finished. Zander just started his first year of law school, so weve been frantic. I dont want him to miss out on his studies, but hes volunteered to do so much for me. My dad has been a life saver with all the business paperwork Ive had to fill out. I didnt realize there was so much involved. I have to apply for a tax ID, register with the county clerks office, register with the IRS, and a ton of other things. Its making me crazy. Not to mention, my mom and Daphne decided I needed to have a huge launch party the Friday before my first official day of business. Im trying not to stress over that, but theyve invited some of the towns biggest names. Your parents were invited, too. I wish you could be there. Big crowds like that make me nervous. 
Ive decided Im getting a kitten when you get to come home. I want you to go with me to the shelter and get it. We did a good job finding Hammy, so I figure we should work together again. I think Ill get another boy, because Ive read cats fight a lot if theyre opposites. I dont think I could handle seeing my babies fighting. 
Reid said youll get to be an outpatient soon, but doubts itll be before my party :( Im so proud of you, Cade. I cant tell you that enough. So many people wouldnt even bother to try, and youve worked hard and improved by leaps and bounds. Its such a great accomplishment. Im so excited I get to see it. 
Daphne just showed up and is rambling on about some kind of tablecloth for the party. I guess Id better wrap this up now. Ill take lots of pictures so you dont miss out on anything. Im including some of what the office looks like now. Its not completely decorated yet, but its getting there. Dont you just love that desk? I think Ill frame one of those, just to show everyone that comes to my house. Extreme? 
I miss you, I think of you, I pray for you, and I cant wait to have your body touching mine. Your lips haunt my dreams, taunting my skin to the point that I wake up in sweaty frustration. I know youll continue to improve and when you get a release date, let me know so I can start a countdown. I love you, Cade Kelling. 
Francesca 
My heart soared after reading her words. Reid was right surprising her was the way to go. Each letter made me a little more determined to succeed and do everything in my power to make her proud. She already was, but I didnt quite feel like I lived up to it. I leaned back in the chair, closing my eyes, and daydreamed of Francescas painfully beautiful eyes and face inches from mine. 




THE LAUNCH PARTY FOR THE grand opening of my law office was less than a week away. My nerves were getting worse, the sinking, nauseous feeling following me around everywhere I went. Starting a business was a huge risk, I could fail. I could succeed, but that wasnt nearly as scary as failure. Why was it that when faced with something new and terrifying, humans always thought of the worst possible outcome? Why was it so difficult to think of the good? The positive of any given situation? These thoughts had been heavy on my mind the past two weeks, the closer I got to opening, the more falling on my face seemed like the most likely outcome. 
Cades letters had become vague about his release date. I didnt know if he wasnt doing as well as he was, if hed exaggerated how well from the beginning, or if he changed his mind about me. None of the options gave me a good feeling. I tried to not worry about it, but it was really difficult not to. I missed his eyes gazing into mine like I was the only girl he ever saw, the way his silky brown hair was mussed in all directions, the slight, sexy grin he gave me at every comment I made. My heart hurt at the thought of losing him again. I didnt know if I would ever be able to love anyone the way I loved Cade. 
Daphne made me sign and address every invitation for the party. She wanted to them to be personalized and thought that if she helped me, someone would find out and bad mouth me for it. I didnt know if she was crazy or a genius. So I sat and hand wrote one hundred invitations for the party. My hands felt like they would fall off at any moment, but they had to go out tomorrow, so I was stuck until I finished. I glanced at the latest letter from Cade, willing myself to not open and read it again. This would be the fifth time, but I kept on. Each time I hoped I would see something I didnt the time before, some hidden meaning to let me know everything was still good with us. I finally gave in, laying my pen aside and holding the paper in my shaky hands. 
Francesca, 
How are you? The office looks great. I hope you have a great time with the rest of the decorations and getting ready for the party. It sounds like it will be fun. Im sure youll have a blast and get a lot of clients from it. 
Daphne sounds like she will make sure everything runs smoothly. Its good you have a friend on your side when youre doing something new. How is the lawsuit? I hope its over by now. You havent mentioned it, so Im not sure if thats good or bad. 
Getting Hamlet a friend will be good, I think. Im sure he will enjoy having a playmate. I dont know when Im getting out, so maybe you should go ahead and get one so you dont have to wait. I dont want you to put things on hold for me. Its not fair to you. Ive hurt you enough in this life and I cant stand the thought of doing it more. If you want a cat, go get one. If you really want to wait, then Im fine with that, but dont do it just because of me. 
Reid wants me to stay with him when Im released. He thinks it would be good for me to have him as a soundboard while I deal with all the outpatient stuff. I feel like its a good idea to do it. Everyone keeps saying the first few months Im in the real world again will be the hardest, and I dont want to screw up. 
I wish I could tell you when Im getting out or be there for you during all of this. My heart is heavy with regret. Youve done so much for me, been there for me through everything, and I always abandon you. For alcohol, another girl, or some other reason, like needing rehab to kick my addiction. I know you deserve better, Francesca. Im so honored you feel Im worthy. I hope I someday measure up to the man you feel that I am. Its so hard, being in here, knowing Im getting help and its for the best, but also knowing I cant see you or be with you during all of this. You should have all the love and support that you give, and I cant do that. I never have. 
Anyways, I hope I hear from you before the launch, but I understand if I dont. I know youre busy and your time is taken up. I hope everything goes extremely well for you, but I somehow just know it will. You are still on my mind all the time, and I do apologize for all the pain Ive brought you. I know you dont want to keep hearing me repeat these things, but I really need you to understand how sorry I am. I will always love you, Francesca, I always have. Its you, and you alone. I hope youll invite Reid to your opening, because hes been excited about it when we talk. He can give me all the details that way, too. Until we speak again, my thoughts are consumed with you. 
Love, 
Cade
Confusion took over most of my emotions lately. He seemed to love me, but did he want to be with me? The insecurity he has seemed to be growing, and while I understood it, I didnt know how to make him see Id forgiven him. He had to forgive himself for it to mean anything, though. 
I lay the paper aside, guiding my pen back to the envelopes. Only twenty-five more to address and I would be finished. I was in desperate need of sleep, because tomorrow Daphne promised me a day of shopping for the perfect outfit. I was dreading it. I closed my mind to all things Cade Kelling, concentrating on the task at hand until my eyelids could no longer stay open. 




Grand Opening
MY EXCITEMENT WAS OOZING OUT of my pores. Reids place was nice, but I felt contained. Francesca was so close, yet so far away. It was a mere three hours until her launch party, and it was almost more than my heart could take. I was on official outpatient status for the next three months. After that, I would be evaluated and they would decide where to go from there. I was ecstatic to know that I accomplished so much, did something I never thought possible. I was proud of myself, a word I never thought I would use to describe me. When the doctor signed my release papers, I got so emotional that I almost felt tears in my eyes. Definitely not something I ever expected. Ever. 
So here I was, sitting on Reids couch, bouncing my leg and drumming my fingers on the side. I needed to see her. My body hurt from being away so long. Id been vague in my last few letters, not wanting her to know I was being released so close to her party, but now that it was here, I couldnt wait any longer. 
Reid! I yelled, jumping to my feet and pacing. 
Cadeits almost time, buddy. His voice was slow and his words deliberate. I was beginning to think he was annoyed with me. 
I need to go now. Shell be there setting up and ready to greet early goers, and Im one of them. Please take me to her office, now. I kept my voice stern. I couldnt wait any longer. I needed to see her, to gaze into her loving brown eyes, feel her silky tresses through my fingers, and her soft, luscious lips against mine. Now, Reid. Im getting dressed, I said, bounding up his stairs and to the spare room I was using. 
Cason had brought over the necessities, plus a few other things I desperately needed that he had to get from Mom. I rummaged through the closet, pulling the penguin suit from its bag, and threw it on. I was in a rush, not caring how I looked at that moment. Reid stood at the door, shaking his head as he laughed at me. 
Lets go. You got what you need? he asked, raising his brows. 
Of course, I smiled, patting my pockets. Come on! I exclaimed excitedly.


The drive was too long. I fidgeted with everything from the hem of my jacket to his dash. The building Reid stopped at was massive. It was about two blocks from the courthouse, and looked to house multiple law offices. The window in the middle held a large sign, lit from behind, that her name graced. My heart quickened, knowing she was beyond the doors to my right. I hadnt seen pictures from the outside, only the interior, so I took a second to take it all in. The sidewalk was lined with flowers, but only around her doors. Only Francesca would decorate the outside of her office, too. The doors were large, double doors with bells tied to the top. The window was clear, besides the sign, with one of those short curtain things at the top of it. It look amazing, so nice, and so Francesca. 
You ok? Reid asked from the drivers seat. 
Turning, I saw him watching me curiously. Yeah, just taking a mental picture. You coming in with me? 
Shaking his head, he said, Nah, not right now. I think Ill wait until the party actually starts, he chuckled. 
Ok, Ill see you in there, I said, climbing out of the car. I walked slowly to the doors, my stomach suddenly overcome with a fury of nervous butterflies. I clenched my fists three times, counted to ten, and pushed the door open. Vanilla wafted through the air, attacking my nostrils before I even fully stepped inside. Leisurely chairs adorned the area to my left with a coffee table housing magazines in the middle. A taller table was directly behind them, a coffee maker and glass cups adorning the top. A large desk was to the right, a computer and office supplies cluttering the top. Bookshelves lined the walls, full of folders, books, and various knickknacks decorating certain points on the shelves. No one was around, the office was eerily quiet. The door in the back contained a faceplate saying Francesca Taymon, Attorney at Law. The door was open, but no one was inside. I stepped further in the room, my eyes taking everything in when the bell behind me jarred me from my thoughts. 
Can I help you? a deep voice asked. 
I turned, seeing a man a few years younger than I staring at me. His eyes were scanning me, his brows raised in question. I stood taller, saying, Im looking for Francesca. 
Shes not here yet. May I ask who you are? he looked quizzical, like his mind was trying to place me. 
Im Cade Kelling. She represented me a few months ago, I said proudly. 
He grinned, nodding. I know who you are. Go wait for her in her office, if you want. Shell be thrilled to see you, he said, pointing in the direction he wanted me to go. 
I turned, then glanced at him, Hey, dont tell her Im here, please. I want to surprise her, I explained. 
He smiled widely, his eyes dancing with joy agreement.  Wouldnt dream of it.
I slid in her office, taking in the professionalism of it all, but still seeing hints of her personality decorating the room. I eased my body into her chair, spinning it to face the window. I didnt want her to see me when she came in the building. I waited for what felt like forever, daydreaming about her voice, her gaze, her lips, until finally I heard the bell ding and her melodic, soothing words filling my head. 
Hey, Zander! Thank you so much for coming early. I have to get this stuff ready and organized in my office before people start arriving, she told him. 
Her shoe clicked on the floor as she walked across to her door, and when I knew they were close, I turned the chair around to face her. Eyes wide, mouth open, and in shock, she said, Cade.
All I could do was grin back. 




CADES SMILING FACE STARED AT me, watching my every move. The papers Id been holding fell quickly to the floor, landing in every direction and under furniture. I couldnt move. He was here, dressed in a tuxedo, and looking extremely happy and healthy. 
Hey, beautiful, he said, standing and walking around the desk. 
Cade, what are you doing here? I stammered. I thoughtI meanReid saidyour letters. I rambled on. My mind hadnt quite wrapped itself around the fact that the man I loved was here with me and looked like he still loved me, too. 
Im an outpatient now. All those times you were talking to Reid he came back and talked to me. We figured out the release was the day before, so we hid it from you so I could surprise you and be here, he explained, carefully making his way to me. He stopped inches from me. Do I get a hug? he whispered. 
I threw my body to his, feeling his strong arms completely engulf me. His hot breath was on my neck, his fingers gripping my sides. I missed you, I mumbled into his shoulder. 
I missed you more, he chuckled. 
His fingers locked in my hair, guiding my head back, and his mouth crushed mine. My head was dizzy from him lips moving with mine, our breath mingling and tongues exploring. Every inch of my being was on fire, wanting Cade like never before. I snaked my hands up and down his arms, finally looping them around his neck and digging my fingers into his skin. He groaned, pushing my body back until I was against the wall beside the entrance to my office. His hands explored, grasping my wrists and holding them tightly as he pressed his full, hard body completely against mine. Moaning, I leaned my head up, lips parted waiting for him. 
Youre so gorgeous, Francesca, he huskily muttered in my ear. Chills ran the length of my spine. 
Cade, I think youre even more handsome than you were when I last saw you, I replied, hearing the desire oozing out of my voice. 
His lips found mine again, kissing me more gently this time, then leaned and locked his forehead to mine. I have to ask you a favor, he said, his expression gleeful. 
Anything for you, Cade, I replied, giving him a sexy grin. 
He pulled back, his face registering my words. Those are my words, he accused. 
I stole them. Whats the favor? I asked. 
He glanced me over, giving me a small wink, and dropped to one knee. My body began to shake, my heart beating in overdrive. His hand slipped into the breast pocket of his jacket, pulling out something I couldnt quite see. 
Francesca Taymon, the love of my life, you are more than I ever deserved and everything I hope to be. I cant live without you, nor do I want to. I know being with me has never been easy, but Im going to make it up to you. From this day on, I will be there for you, support you, help you, love you, and desire you. I need you to become my wife. I cant stand the thought of not seeing you every night before I go to dream of you, or every morning before I start my day. I couldnt have gotten through these past few months without you. I know how badly Ive screwed up in the past and it helped me to become a better man. You make me a better man. Youre the most beautiful, wonderful, brilliant, and sexy woman Ive ever come in contact with and I would be so honored if you would be my wife. 
The tears fell freely from my eyes, my hands shaking in excitement. I couldnt speak through my sobs, so I just nodded quickly over and over. He jumped to his feet, grabbing me and swinging me around. He planted kisses all over my face, then I slid to my feet, giving him a sly grin. Holding my left hand out, I watched in delight as he took out a very large, beautiful diamond ring. He slid it on my finger, his gaze penetrating my soul as he did. 
I love you, Francesca, he said, taking my lips in his. He kissed me until I was feverish and lightheaded, only stopping so we could catch our breath. 
I love you, Cade, I whispered, smiling at him widely. I want to take you back to my place and do every naughty thing I can think of, but we have to get through this party first, I groaned, rubbing my hands all over his hard chest. 
He sucked his breath in sharply, closing his eyes for a moment. Anything for you, Francesca, he moaned, pressing full, red lips to mine. 


Want to keep up to date on new releases?
Sign up for my newsletter!
http://eepurl.com/DkPmr

Or connect with me on my website
www.FeliciaTatum.com

Facebook
www.Facebook.com/FeliciaTatumWriter

Twitter
www.Twitter.com/AuthorFelicia


Scarred Hearts Series

1
Mangled Hearts
Francesca and Cade

1.5
Entangled Souls
Cade and Francesca

2
Anxious Hearts
Daphne and Zander

2.5
Bound Souls
Zander and Daphne

3
Demolished Hearts
Bree and Cason

3.5
Fated Souls
Cason and Bree

4
Severed Hearts
Kylie and Reid

4.5
Enslaved Souls
Reid and Kylie

5
Ruptured Hearts
Ava and Jay

5.5
Indentured Souls
Jay and Ava

6
Reclaimed Hearts
Koran and Dane

7
Devoted Hearts
Leela and Cane
