

~~~***~~~
Thorn the Bounty Hunter
In
The Amber Bones
~~~***~~~


By Brom Kearne

Copyright 2013 Brom Kearne
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

Follow me on Twitter https://www.twitter.com/BromKearne
Visit my Smashwords author page at http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/bromkearne

Books by Brom Kearne:
Thorn the Bounty Hunter in The Amber Bones
Thorn the Bounty Hunter in The Crystal Countess


Thorn the Bounty Hunter
 In
The Amber Bones



Authors Foreword

When I first came up with the idea for Thorn the Bounty Hunter, my intention was to write a series of short, fast reading action stories that could be both consumed and forgotten quickly. I understand that not every book or film is going to be a life-altering masterpiece; most works fit, whether intentionally or not, into the category of fluff, and it is the abundance of these fluff pieces which make the special ones stand out all the more prominently in contrast. I had no delusions of grandeur when I began working on this series, and merely wanted to provide my readers with something fun, but ultimately mindless, as an entertaining diversion.
I did not, however, make it very far with my intention. The second book in the series blossomed to over twice the length I wanted. Much to my surprise the world and characters began taking on a life of their own. They became richer, more complex, and deeper in ways that I had not anticipated, and which stood in stark contrast to my original stated purpose. Dont get me wrongthey are still fluff, but they had become, to my mind at least, more attractive and more intelligent fluff. But this fluff had at some point been charged with the elements of life, and was growing and evolving quite independently of my own input and guidance. So I was faced with a choice: kill it and go back to my original plan, or scrap my plan and let this being of evolving fluff grow into whatever it was going to grow into.
As a writer, even a writer of fluff, that wasnt much of a choice. I wanted to see what my little darling was going to become, and so I gave it room to grow. What I found surprised me as I came to love the world and the characters more and more as they continued to evolve. They became simultaneously uglier and more attractive, just like real people, and the actions of even a single somewhat minor character could have far-reaching repercussions that affected the world as a whole. What began to develop was an overarching narrative that would tie these books together.
But these developments forced me to make another choice. I was hard at work on the third book in the series when I became more and more conscious that my foundation was not built to be very strong. The first book, the Amber Bones which you are currently reading, was written with my previous intention in mind, that of creating mindless fluff, and it could not support the weight of the books that followed. I found that I needed to abandon adding more additions to the series, for now, and go back to shore up the foundation. The result is the current book. It is twice the length that it was originally, and has seen many, many changes, both in plot and in character development. If you have read the Amber Bones previously, then I invite you to come back to enjoy this new experience. If you are new to the Thorn the Bounty Hunter series, then I welcome you, and offer this newly rewritten version of the story as your introduction. And I hope you stick around with me to see what this ever-growing pile of fluff is going to become. At the very least, it should be a fun journey.
--Brom



1

The slow and rhythmic clip-clopping of the horses hooves on the hard-packed road was lulling Brad Hadlik to sleep. He knew that this shipment was too important and too delicate for him to allow lethargy to cloud his mind, but he was having a difficult time fighting it. The sky was turning deep amethyst above and pinpoints of diamond stars were beginning to sparkle. The horses gait seemed as slow and tired as he was. The lazy rattling of the cart behind him helped create a background of white noise that finally got the better of him. Hadlik fell into a short snooze, awakening only when his chin fell on his chest. Shaking his head to clear away the lethargy, he refocused his attention to the road before him.
To help keep himself awake Hadlik pulled a cigarillo out of his breast pocket and jammed it between his lips. He shifted the reins to his other hand so he could fish under the red and gold blanket draped over his shoulders for a match. A couple of hours ago that blanket had been folded up on the bench seat beside him. Hadlik had been making shipments in the Western Frontier long enough to know that no matter how hot it was during the day he always needed the extra warmth of a blanket once the sun went down and the night wind started to whip him mercilessly. He found a match and struck it on the seat. The match head flared to life in the thickening dusk. He had to cup a hand around it to keep the wind from taking the flame. He held it to the tip of the cigarillo and took a few puffs until the tip glowed and exhaled a trail of blue smoke around his head. He didnt even need to shake the match out. The wind took care of that for him.
Hadlik looked out over the sandy dunes silhouetted in amber against the purple sky. Nothing but sand and rocks as far as the eye could see. During the day this land was a blinding yellow and orange desert. The yellow in the rocks was so unnatural-looking that it had given rise to many superstitious stories attempting to explain it: stories of betrayal and robbers and walking skeletons. These were the folkloric legends of Court Raleigh. Hadlik shivered and pushed those thoughts from his mind. He didnt like traveling through this barren desert at night. Then again he didnt particularly care for traveling through this barren and scorching desert during the day, either. Truth be told, Hadlik didnt like making deliveries west of the Old Foss at all. He preferred the more civilized land to the east, because there the roads were paved and well-traveled, and the mind couldnt play tricks as easily as it could out here in the lonely wilderness.
The wind carried the cigarillos smoke away to the east. It was already beginning to sting, and it was early. Within a few hours it would be unbearable. Hadlik had wanted to get started in the late afternoon so he could do most of his riding in the evening, splitting the difference between the blazing day and the windy night. He had wanted to be pulling into Tabors Hollow right about now, delivering his cargo to the Browning Trade Caravan before heading over to the Cogs and Lie for a pint of brown ale. He had gotten a late start from Webster Grove because of a mix-up at the private security firm that had provided his protection for the evening. Len Dietrich the Fourth, owner of L & D Shipping, was adamant that he have guards protecting the shipment. Hadlik had initially balked, but now that darkness had fallen and he was alone in the wilderness with a very dangerous shipment of goods, he was glad to have them.
Hadlik glanced over his shoulder at his cargo. His cover was a farmer carrying grains for L & D, and there was nothing in his deportment to indicate otherwise. The crates stacked in the back of the cart were stamped with the red and gold L & D Shipping Company logo. It was a red L and a gold D with an ampersand between and overlapping them: gold in the part that overlapped the L and red in the part that overlapped the D, all enclosed within a red circle. His guards rode on either side of him. They were both dressed as farmers as well, with blankets much like Hadliks draped over their shoulders, and wide-brimmed straw hats pulled down low over their faces to protect from the wind.
With the thought of what he was really carrying, Hadliks languor left him in an instant. He looked around, scanning the amber dunes. He couldnt see much. The low light of the late evening had passed into darkness. The two guards were riding along normally and didnt seem to share his sudden fright. Hadlik tried to tell himself that it was just his nerves. These were vast stretches of wilderness out here in the Western Frontier and they sometimes played tricks on the mind. Hadlik knew that very well, since hed been making runs similar to this one for over twenty years. It didnt help that he had been thinking of the legends from out here: the legends that Court Raleighs skeleton still walked these amber hills searching for his long-lost treasure. At least during the day he knew these were just silly stories, but here, now, with night having fully descended on them, those stories were quite a bit more difficult to discount. He told himself quite firmly that his sudden sense of unease was nothing more than an overactive imagination.
On the other hand, he had learned during those twenty years to trust his intuition, and right now something didnt feel right. Twice in just the past month L & D shipments had been attacked. Ghosts were one thing, but the threat of pirates was very real. Normally pirates wouldnt bother with a shipment of grain. He carried a little money on him in case he was stopped. Hed have something to hand over and most of the time pirates were content with that. They might poke around in the crates in the back, which was fine too. Well, it was fine as long as they didnt poke too deeply. Thats when things would start getting violent.
But he couldnt shake this feeling of unease. It may have been the dark and the loneliness of the road, but it didnt hurt to make sure. Hadlik leaned over the bench and called to one of the guards behind him. He couldnt remember the guards name. They had met only moments before embarking when Melina Bann, Len Dietrichs right hand, had introduced them.
Psst, he hissed. The guard couldnt hear him over the wind, which had been steadily increasing its intensity. Hadlik hissed again, more loudly this time.
Finally the guard turned. He raised his eyebrows questioningly.
Do you see anything? Hadlik asked.
The guard shook his head. Of course he didnt. It was just his nerves getting the better of him, Hadlik thought to himself.
Keep your eyes open, Hadlik said. The guard didnt hear him, so Hadlik pointed two fingers at his own eyes, then pointed at the dunes. The guard nodded and turned his gaze in the indicated direction. His hand instinctively dropped to his side where he had a sparker pistol hidden under his baggy farmers clothes.
Hadlik carried a pistol as well, hidden beneath his blanket in a holster on his hip. He touched it and felt a little better.
The wind was blowing sand from over the tops of the dunes, whipping it up into little dust devils. Hadlik continued to ride on, but he did so watchfully. As the last of the light disappeared the purple sky became black and the silhouette of the dunes became difficult to make out, even as the stars shone more brightly and numerously above. The moon wouldnt rise for another hour at least. Hadlik was hesitant to light his lamp out of fear of giving away their presence to potential pirates, but when he couldnt make out the road at all anymore he didnt have much choice. The last thing he needed was for one of his horses to step into a divot and twist its ankle.
Hadlik produced another match and struck it against the bench seat. As the light flared before his eyes he thought he saw something in the dunes. In his surprise he dropped the match. The afterimage of the flame made it impossible to see anything. He didnt know what he had seen. It had almost looked like a glowing yellow light. But he could see nothing now. Probably just an optical illusion, he told himself. Light reflecting from an exposed piece of quartz. These hills were filled with the stuff. He dug quickly for another match and lit the lamp with it. He half-stood with the lamp held aloft in one hand, the reins held in the other, and scanned the dunes.
He tried to quiet his growing anxiety but he couldnt do it. He had to trust his instincts, and his instincts were telling him that something wasnt right.
His instincts were telling him that he was being hunted.
They rode in silence for several more minutes. Hadlik sat forward on the bench seat chewing the end of the cigarillo, which had long gone out, as he watched the dunes around them. He no longer needed to worry about nodding off; now he was jumping every time the crates in the back shifted slightly. He could not shake the feeling that they were being watched and the further they rode the worse it got. He kept an eye on the guards but they didnt seem to share his nervousness. They rode along as if nothing at all were wrong.
Hadliks feeling of unease worsened as he squinted his eyes at something in the distance. He couldnt quite make it out in the darkness, but it appeared that something was wrong with the road. Hadliks stomach felt as though it were filled with lead as he slowed the pace of his horses. Outside of the circle of lamplight it looked as though the road had a hole in it, but then Hadlik remembered where he was. The Gorges Linger Mountains dipped into the Bradenfield Province to the north. During the spring season rains in the Western Frontier combined with the melting snow from the mountains to form tributaries that cut through the dry land, eventually emptying into the Old Foss to the east. The trade caravans had built a wooden bridge for the suppliers coming up from the south because even during the dry season, when the creek bed was as dry as the rest of the hills, it was dangerous to cross.
What Hadlik had taken to be a hole in the road was nothing more than the dry creek bed which cut through the road here. He breathed a sigh of relief and cursed himself for allowing his nervousness to get the better of him. As the horses drew closer, however, and the lamplight revealed the creek bed, fear seized Hadliks heart.
The bridge was missing.
Hadliks unease became panic as he saw the splintered boards reaching over the small crevice. Whatever had torn out the bridge had done so recently, and with a great deal of force. Hadlik pulled his sparker pistol from under his blanket and held it at the ready, its coiled muzzle glinting in the light of the lamp. He looked around fervently, watching for the inevitable trap to be sprung around them.
Guns out! he ordered the guards on either side of him. Its a trap. Be ready!
The guards exchanged glances as though they didnt feel Hadliks urgency.
Confound it all, what are we paying you for? Youre supposed to protect me and this shipment, Hadlik spat. I want you ready. Guns out. Were not alone.
Only at his incessant urging did they pull their weapons out and look around.
Hadlik was holding his breath as his breathing seemed loud in his ears. He listened. Not a sound aside from the wind whistling over the creek bed.
I dont like it, Hadlik said. You, go scout that way. You, that way. He pointed each guard in a different direction. See if you find anything.
The guards kicked their horses and rode into the darkness outside of the circle of lamplight. Hadlik barely breathed as he awaited their return.
The moon was beginning to peek over the dunes. Hadlik realized that hed been waiting for quite a long time. He was measuring each breath, each heartbeat, as he waited. Once their hoof-steps had drifted out of the range of his hearing Hadlik had not heard a sound. That deafening silence bothered him. It bothered him a lot. Hadlik had chewed on the end of his cigarillo to the point that tobacco leaves had gotten stuck between his teeth. He spat and flicked the remainder aside.
Hadlik stood on the bench seat in a futile attempt to see better. He wanted to call out to the guards but he was afraid of making noise. The emptiness of the desert made him feel small and vulnerable. The wind had picked up again and it was whistling, droning and whining, steadily increasing its volume, almost buzzing. He felt like an attack could come from any direction. It didnt matter which way he pointed his pistol.
The droning of the wind intensified. It felt like a sandstorm was coming from the noise it was making. Hadliks courage failed him as he realized that what he was hearing was not the wind. And whatever it was, it was getting closer.
The night was suddenly ablaze with light and buzzing as headlamps came swarming over the dunes. Like angry wasps they began circling the cart. The horses reared up in fear and Hadlik fired wildly. They were dune bikes, yellow dune bikes, and the riders wore amber bandanas over their faces, each with skeletal black hands touching over their mouths.
Hadlik was screaming and firing repeatedly until the sparker pistol was out of ammo. He didnt hit anything. He was too panicked to hit anything.
A hand grabbed his arm and pulled him hard. He thrashed wildly to maintain his balance. Another hand grabbed at him and then another as the riders buzzed by on their bikes. One more upended Hadliks balance and sent him falling headfirst off his seat.
Hadlik spilled over and over himself, rolling into the dry creek bed. He twisted his arm and landed very hard on his shoulder, but fear and adrenaline were coursing through him so he didnt pay his injuries much mind. He looked up through sand-blurred vision and saw one of the riders unhooking the horses. The spooked horses ran off into the night. The riders were cheering, hooting and hollering as they rode round and round the cart. One of them had climbed into the back and had broken open a box. This one had a black bandana with amber skeleton hands on it, the reverse of the others. He punched a hand through the grain and came out with a pulse rifle. Hadliks stomach sank.
The rider punched another hand through the grain and came up with another pulse rifle. He held one in each arm and began firing them into the night. Then he kicked over the box, spilling grain everywhere and revealing the secret cargo Hadlik had been carrying: pulse rifles, sparkers, blue shots, and more, with plenty of battery cartridges and ammo.
A line of bikes broke off from the main group and began circling Hadlik. He rolled over fearfully and put an arm up to protect his face as they were cutting their corners close to him, threatening to run him over. They raced down the embankment of the dry creek and shot up the other side, gaining at least ten feet of air before landing and cutting a one-eighty with a kick of sand to come back in the opposite direction. Their engines whined like angry wasps all around him, and he could hear their triumphant laughter from under their amber bandanas.
After tormenting Hadlik like this for what seemed an eternity they finally stopped, and all of the bikes turned their harsh yellow headlamps towards him. Hadlik held up a hand to shield his eyes from their blinding light. He felt as though his heart would stop from fear.
The engines were idling. They seemed very quiet after the noise, but that quiet only made Hadlik more apprehensive. He wanted to shrink into the ground. He had never felt so exposed and helpless. With all of those headlamps bearing down on him he had nowhere to hide. They had completely surrounded him.
He became aware of a black figure standing between two of the headlamps directly ahead of him. It was a squiggle against the glare of the lamps. Hadlik squinted his eyes, his breath catching in his throat. He could make out nothing.
Hadlik turned his eyes away, but he looked back quickly as the shadow of the figure was growing upon him. It was walking towards him with great menacing purpose, the black silhouette wavering before his eyes like a specter.
Hadlik averted his gaze. He didnt want to know what it was. He wanted the earth to open and swallow him whole and release him from this hell. A pair of black boots filled his vision. Hadlik swallowed hard. The figure knelt down over him.
Hadlik forced himself to look up. What he saw filled him with so much horror that at first he was unable even to scream.
Above the black outline of the figure kneeling over him floated a bright, glowing amber skull with deep black sockets surrounding a pair of lifeless amber eyes. At the center of each eye was a black pinprick, staring straight down into Hadlik. They seemed to peer straight through to his soul.
A glowing skeletal hand reached out for him and Hadlik was too terrified to move. Those lifeless eyes were locked on him. As the hand neared him Hadlik finally found his voice. He began to scream. He screamed and screamed until that hand found him. Those lifeless amber orbs in that glowing skeletal face filled his vision. And then everything went black.


2

Thorn shook the dust from his clothes as he mounted the three wooden steps to Marshal Wolcotts office. He could hear raised voices from inside. No, check that, he thought to himself. It was one raised voice and he had no trouble recognizing it as belonging to Marshal James Wolcott himself. Most of the time Marshal Wolcott barely raised his voice above a gravelly growl, although lately Thorn had come upon him in his office during some awful tirades. Bradenfield had been making some clumsy attempts at exercising their authority over the Western Frontier and nothing got under Marshal Wolcotts skin like lawyers from back east trying to tell him and his town how to live. Just this past year Marshal Wolcott had survived a contentious reelection and it seemed that Bradenfield was none too happy about it. They made their displeasure known by sending at least one envoy a week to make sure Marshal Wolcott was enforcing the many frivolous laws they kept passing. He usually responded by telling them exactly where to go.
Thorn slipped inside and found Marshal Wolcott inches from the face of a man Thorn didnt recognize. Judging from his expensive suit and pallid but polished demeanor, he was a lawyer, and the latest envoy from Bradenfield.
Out here everyone drives off-road because we dont have roads, Marshal Wolcott yelled in the mans face.
I drove here on a road, the lawyer answered in a smug but even tone.
If we want to get anywhere we have to deal with rocks and washouts and . . .
If you require more funds for the upkeep of your roads then you can file a . . .
The only roads around here are the ones the trade caravans use. What in the hell would we do with your funds?
And under Article H of the Bradenfield charter we will allocate a work crew to clear any rocks or debris from the roads.
Nothing but a bunch of dadgum busybodies! Marshal Wolcott exploded.
Thorn hung his wide-brimmed hat on the rack by the door and ran his fingers through his deep brown hair. He leaned against the door frame and took a red delicious out of his pocket. He snapped into it while he enjoyed the show. Marshal Wolcotts face looked to be about as red as that apple behind his well-trimmed steel-grey whiskers. The lawyer was holding his hat in front of his chest like a shield. Thorn had to give him credit. He was holding his ground against a ferocious onslaught from the town marshal that would have withered most men.
Marshal Wolcott was ranting, spittle flying from his lips and using some of the most colorful and obscene curse words that Thorn had ever heard. The lawyer closed his eyes and said, as he attempted to be heard over him, Marshal. Marshal. Marshal.
Marshal, the lawyer continued in an even tone when Wolcott paused to take a breath, you are an officer of the law. The Western Frontier is a part of the Bradenfield Province and you are required to enforce our laws.
A law that restricts the size of our buggy tires? Absolutely ridiculous. I refuse.
The lawyer sputtered. You . . . you cant refuse!
You jackanapes release a maniac like Arnold Keech and then come here to lecture me on tire size. You dont live out here in the wilderness. If people obeyed that ridiculous law theyd get stuck any time they tried to drive somewhere.
We have a new division of civil workers who would be happy to help them recover their vehicles in the event of . . .
And just what in the hell are they supposed to do in the meantime?
Would you please stop shouting? It is impossible to have a rational discourse when you continue to act irrationally.
Iact irrationally? Marshal Wolcott looked like he was about to explode again. The lawyer raised his hat near to his neck level, as though he were going to cower behind it. Thorn even braced for what he expected was coming.
Instead Marshal Wolcott threw his hands up and paced back and forth. He looked angry enough to hit someone.
Will you please calm down? the lawyer asked. His face had gone a little paler as his resolve left him. The laws that we pass are for the good of the citizenry. If we didnt regulate tire size people could cause great harm to our roads, and it is for the benefit of everyone that those roads function properly.
The good of the citizenry? Marshal Wolcott growled. It would be good for the citizenry if they didnt have to live in fear of the repeat offenders you keep releasing like Arnold Keech. Now get out of my office.
Im afraid that I cant do that until we discuss the matter of your fine for refusing to comply with your legal obligations.
Marshal Wolcotts face turned even deeper red. You want that fine? You tell your bosses to come and take it from me. And good luck to you. Im only going to tell you one more time. Get out.
The lawyer shrunk from Marshal Wolcotts angry stare. He glanced over his shoulder at Thorn, then looked back into the grey eyes that had successfully stared him down. This is not the last youve heard of this, Marshal, he said before placing his hat on his head and storming out of the building.
Marshal Wolcott followed him to the door and slammed it shut after him.
Ive said it before and Ill say it again, Marshal Wolcott growled as he stormed back to his desk. Its past time that we petitioned to become our own province. Bounty notices by the door.
Thorn finished the apple and tossed the core in the wastebasket. Of course he knew where the bounty notices were; hed been coming in here long enough. How small are they trying to make the tires?
No larger than twelve inches.
Thorn smiled. You should have capitulated and offered to write him up as your first offender. Those tires he had were definitely bigger than twelve inches.
Marshal Wolcott let out a long sigh as the angry blood began slowly draining from his face and he returned to a more normal color. Knowing them they probably gave themselves immunity.
Thorn glanced over the bounty notices. His eyes were so dark brown they appeared nearly black under the shadow of his brow. They darted over the notices quickly because he knew he wasnt going to find what he was looking for here.
Tires! Marshal Wolcott exclaimed. What in the name of everything wrong are they going to think of next?
He sat heavily behind his commanding desk of polished cherry wood. A closed door led to the holding cells behind him and a large portrait of his grandfather dominated the right wall. Marshal Wolcotts grandfather looked just like him, from the steel-grey whiskers to the wise old steel-grey eyes. The only difference was age. The man in the portrait was older and had a haunted look in his eyes. Thorn had never asked about him, and Marshal Wolcott had never offered any information.
I see Mrs. Asher cant find her husband again, Thorn said as he hooked a chair with the instep of his boot to sit down in.
Marshal Wolcott snorted. Itd be an easy couple of dollars if you dragged his butt back from Nates. She comes in here every single day when he takes off to the pub, posting a bounty for his return.
Hopefully Im never that hard up, Thorn said sardonically. Did I hear you say that Arnold Keech was just released? I didnt see him up there.
Marshal Wolcott leaned forward and planted his face in his palms. He didnt say anything for a little while and Thorn thought he might not answer at all. Finally he leaned back and said, Thats because I didnt put him up there. He stroked his whiskers as he did when he was agitated. I dont put up bounties for people like him because theyre special cases. I cant have any old bounty hunter getting himself killed while trying to make a name for himself against someone like Arnold Keech. You know that, Thorn.
Thorn nodded. That I do.
Marshal Wolcott flipped open a file on his desk. Thorn glanced over and saw that it was Arnold Keechs. Thorn grinned because that meant that Marshal Wolcott had been ready and expecting his visit.
Arnold Keech was just released into the custody of a parole officer two days ago.
Thats plenty of time for him to get up to his neck in trouble. Whats the bounty up to?
Marshal Wolcott chortled. His grey eyes lit up when he smiled, which wasnt very often. Two hundred dollars as of this morning. Just got it over the wire about fifteen minutes before . . . he . . . showed up. A dark cloud passed over Marshal Wolcotts face and his smile vanished. First thing Keech did as a free man was rob a bank.
He robbed a bank? Thorn interrupted. That doesnt sound like him. Money doesnt mean much to someone who feels he can take whatever he wants.
Once they left Werton his parole officer took him to the bank in northern Bradenfield to get him some money for clothes so he could start his new job. Marshal Wolcott snorted as he scanned the page. They were going to put him on the team that recovers peoples broken-down buggies. Isnt that a laugh? The bank owner reported his motorcycle missing. Seems hes a collector and had this one chained to the side of the bank. Keech took all the money out of the safe, stuffed his parole officer into it, then ripped it out of the wall with the motorcycle. Took down the whole wall.
That sounds like one hell of a motorcycle.
They dont list any specs for it, but I imagine its the kind that youll know it when you see it. People were reporting large quantities of cash between northern Bradenfield and Crooked Crag. Those that reported it, anyway. Looked like Keech just threw the money to the wind. They found the safe by the side of the road. That officer was shaken, but hell be ok. And of course that trail of money accompanies a trail of wanton destruction and vandalism.
That does seem to follow him wherever he goes, doesnt it?
The report as of this morning has him holed up in the saloon there at Crooked Crag, drinking and fighting. The pale greens didnt want to pursue him west of the Old Foss and Crooked Crags volunteer police were no match for him.
Sounds like hes just out for a good time, Thorn said nonchalantly.
All of the humor left Marshal Wolcotts face in an instant. He leaned forward and pointed a finger squarely at Thorn. That good time is at the expense of other people who just want to live their lives without being bothered. You think that banker is having a good time? Or any of those people who kept money at that bank? Crooked Crag is potato and hops country. I dont need to tell you how important those crops are to our way of life out here in the Western Frontier. What do you think is going to happen to the price of potatoes and beer if he tore up their farmland? Everyone will be feeling the hurt, including you. Now I know you and I dont exactly see eye-to-eye on a lot of things, what with my being a lawman and your being a bit of a rebel yourself, but one thing you must acknowledge is that order comes with a price. You cannot allow one person like Arnold Keech to go off at the expense of everyone else.
Thorn shrugged. I collect people and you pay me for it. I think we see eye-to-eye just fine. But I will say that youre more conscientious than most. You ever start acting like that lawyer that was in here earlier and were going to have some problems.
Marshal Wolcott nodded and rose with Thorn, extending his hand. Theres a fine line between order and insanity. I ever start acting like that lawyer that was in here earlier and you have my permission to put me out to pasture. But you be careful out there, Thorn. Arnold Keech is one dangerous customer.
Thorn shook his hand. Both men had very firm grips.
You dont have to remind me, lawman, Thorn said as he planted his hat on his head. Its my jaw thats going to get busted up. You just have that bounty ready for me when I get back. That and a nice comfy cell for your returning ward.


3

The Bradenfield Province was the largest of the provinces that comprised the Free Lands. It extended from the Haebeen Valley to the east, across the Old Foss and all the way out to the Western Frontier. The western borders of the province werent defined as the territory wasnt fully explored yet, but the general idea was that the Bradenfield Province extended all the way indefinitely. As the far western side of the province was sparsely populated there were few to contest the claim, and those that did were easily dismissed by a powerful legislature intent on nailing down a claim for as much raw property and undiscovered resources as possible.
Herrickstead was a small town, but it was very important as it was the settlement located the furthest west of the entire province. Bradenfield wanted Herrickstead as a launching point for further explorations west, and Herrickstead already thought of themselves as their own province, sharing little in common with their government far to the east. So far there had been increasing friction between the two sides, but no violence as most of the citizens of the Western Frontier practiced civil disobedience and Bradenfield simply didnt have the manpower to police them into compliance.
The Fiann bordered on the north and represented all the land to the northeast, including the rich resources of the Gorges Linger Mountains and the headwaters of the Old Foss. Spens Span bordered on the south and southeast. It was here that the Old Foss emptied into the sea via the Dearwere Delta at Level Shore.
The Haebeen Valley, where the town of Bradenfield was located, was encircled by the Saelie River to the north and the Rush Willow Tributary to the south, both of which emptied into the Old Foss. The Haebeen Valley boasted some of the richest farmland in the Free Lands, although very little of it was in use anymore. Years ago John Braden had settled his abnormally large family into the valley and began farming. It wasnt long before a robust trading community sprang up around them, making his family the wealthiest in the Free Lands. Unfortunately, he was not without his vices, and his greatest was a love for cards and dice. Over the course of his life he lost vast fortunes of money, although his losing streaks were punctuated by some phenomenal successes. He won all of the land west of the Old Foss in a poker game one night with a full house. The deed, if you want to call it that, securing his claim over the property was carved into the very table at which the poker game was played. Hattie Dan, the original owner of the property, had nothing left to his name, not even parchment to write on, and so as collateral, during one last desperate hand of cards, he had carved ownership of the entire Western Frontier into that table. Upon having his flush trumped by John Bradens full house he had killed himself with that same knife, or so the story goes. Regardless, that table was enshrined in the capital of Bradenfield along with the rest of the important documents relating to the size and shape of the territory. There was some grumbling among the non-legal classes that the land of the Western Frontier was never Hattie Dans to begin with, although those grumblings were quickly silenced as nearly every legal scholar and politician with an interest in the Western Frontier were in complete agreement on this one point, and the carvings of a desperate and drunk man were as good as any bona fide legal document when it came to ownership of the property.
Despite John Bradens few gambling successes he followed a trajectory of loss until the day he died. His family was unable to pay off the massive debts he had accrued, and so they got very little from his will. Almost the entirety of his estate wound up in the hands of lawyers, bankers, and politicians who each carved out a share over which they continue to squabble to this day.
The Braden familys power faded into obscurity, although it remains one of the most common names in and around the province. Each member of the family holds a bit of pride that its their name on the town and the provincial charters, and within each of their breasts lingers the faintest of futile hope that someday their rightful property will be returned to them and theyll enjoy the power that they once wielded.
Thorn lived in the far western reaches of the Western Frontier, about a half hour drive from Herrickstead. He had not been born in the Free Lands. He was born in the walled Collective City, known to the people of the Free Lands as Crimson City, located in the wastelands east of Bradenfield. It was a city with vastly advanced technology compared to the Free Lands and was entirely enclosed within great walls of hedrous crystal. In the early morning as the sun just peaked over the horizon to the east, the rays glinted through the crystal walls and made what appeared to be an earthbound crimson star that could be seen as far as the far reaches of the Western Frontier. It was for this reason that the city had come to be called Crimson City. Thorn was, to his knowledge, the only person who had ever escaped its oppressive confines, and as such he had had enough of organized civilization to last a lifetime. He lived by himself in the woods in the unpopulated and undefined border of the Western Frontier and he wouldnt have it any other way.
The sun was setting over the horizon and had bathed the yellow landscape in deepening red. Thorn was sitting on the rocky earth with his back propped against the wheel of his buggy. He had found a place to camp under a rocky outcropping that would provide shelter from the night winds as well as shield his camp fire from the eyes of pirates. He was boiling coffee while he munched on cornbread and finished a plate of beans.
After a quick stop at Ned Bests general store in Herrickstead for supplies, including food for himself and fuel for his buggy, hed been driving since he left Marshal Wolcotts office that morning. From Herrickstead it was about a days drive to Crooked Crag. Arnold Keech was chaotic and Thorn didnt want to give him a chance to move on. Sometimes he roved around, causing chaos and destruction as he meandered from one place to another, and sometimes he stayed put and tormented one town in particular for days at a time. But even if he had moved on at least he would have left an easy trail to follow. Thorn stopped for the night when he figured he was about an hour outside of Crooked Crag.
Thorn had been a rambunctious brat when he had first come out of Collective City ten years ago as a young man of sixteen. He had been every bit as chaotic and destructive as Arnold Keech, although Thorn had turned most of his destructive tendencies inwards instead of outwards. He had been an adrenaline junky always looking for that next high. He got into endless fights and more often than not he got his butt kicked. He hadnt been fighting to win though. He had been fighting to experience the thrill of combat and the thrill of being moments from death. Many times had he been beaten to within an inch of his life only to laugh and spit blood in the face of his opponent.
It was not until he had gained a few years, and a little bit of hard-won wisdom, that he began the long and painful journey of growing up. But those early years had toughened him. He had a high pain tolerance and could take a beating like no other. And he had picked up a few fighting techniques along the way that became of monumental help when he had taken up bounty hunting. Though he usually claimed he was in the bounty hunting profession for the money, that wasnt entirely true. Thorns needs were small and what money he had usually slipped through his fingers like water. He had survived for years with having little to nothing to his name. No, it was the thrill of the hunt that had attracted him. When he was bearing down on his prey he felt an adrenaline high in anticipation of the coming fight that he simply loved. He had mostly outgrown his days of getting his butt intentionally kicked in bar fights in order to feel the rush of being alive. Now he found that feeling in hunting down others, in testing his skills and determination against theirs, and in winning.
His coffee boiled and he poured some into a tin cup which he held against his lips. He didnt drink it yet, but savored the aroma and the warmth against the cooling night air.
As much as he lived for the adrenaline of the hunt, he also enjoyed these peaceful moments on the trail, especially on the eve of a confrontation with someone as dangerous as Arnold Keech. Tomorrow night, assuming everything else went well, hed be busted up, bruised, bloody, and hurting. But tonight everything was peaceful and calm. Thorn took a deep breath of the sweet night air. It was arid and cool and easy to breathe, especially after the heat of the day. Thorn had worked up a sweat driving his buggy over the ragged terrain in the broiling sun. It felt good to enjoy the evening.
Leaning against his tire made Thorn think of Marshal Wolcotts confrontation with that fellow from Bradenfield earlier today and that brought a smile to Thorns face. His tires were definitely bigger than the allowed twelve inches. But Marshal Wolcott was right. There was no way he could have traversed this terrain with anything smaller. The trade caravans made and maintained the roads but those only existed for the established trade routes. Most of the time there was no road.
His buggy was liquid fueled as opposed to most engines which were solid. They ran on what was colloquially known as slop fuel, which was a mixture of anything organic like grease, oil, and animal fat. Specialists bought it up and refined it into brownish cubes of quivering jelly. Slop engines were fine for work and town travel but Thorn hated them. Solid fuel was messy and gunked up the engines over time, robbing them of horsepower. Liquid fuel was more expensive and ran a higher risk of being watered down, so to speak, by dishonest fuel cookers, but on the other hand it allowed for larger engines and more horsepower. Thorn usually bought his fuel locally from people he knew and trusted so he didnt have to worry about overpaying for a bad batch.
Rich Tanning was Thorns mechanic who had built his buggy. All buggies in the Free Lands were custom. Bradenfield had been pushing hard for regulations on the size, shape, and fuel consumption of buggies, but so far they had only met with slight success. With so many different people designing buggies, and not all of them located within the province of Bradenfield, it was difficult to regulate their manufacture. As such, they had contented themselves, for the time-being at least, to regulating the one aspect of them that they could, and that was the tires.
Thorns buggy had independent suspension with thirty-four inch tires on A-beam arms that angled outwards for greater stability on the toughest terrain. Thorn had screwed a pair of headlamps into the top of the cage for night travel. They were powered, as was everything electrical in the Free Lands, by a piezo-pump utilizing either the quartz crystals from the surrounding landscape or the more expensive, and more powerful, hedrous crystals. The passenger seat had a locking wire cage for transporting bounties.
Thorn set aside his coffee tin and laced his fingers behind his head. The sun had mostly sunk behind the hills now and the sky was turning purple from the east. It was a beautiful sight as the stars began to show through the haze of vanishing light.
Arnold Keech was waiting for him tomorrow. Waiting to test him. No, that wasnt right. Thorn was testing himself. He sought out these challenges. He craved the adrenaline rush of battle when the consequences were high. He sought out situations that put him against a do-or-die scenario to test if he could survive. But that was tomorrow. Right now all he cared about was enjoying the night and listening to the coyotes barking in the distance.
Thorn had drifted into a light snooze when he was startled awake by an artificial grinding noise. He was quick to bounce into an alert crouched stance, listening. The fire had burnt down to glowing orange embers. The moon was rising in the sky bathing the dunes in silver. Thorns camp was in shadow. He crawled up one of the rocks providing him shelter, lying flat when he had a good view of the area around him. On the road some distance from himself he beheld an awesome sight.
It was a trade caravan. An armored transport led the way, lumbering along on giant treads. It was over thirty feet high. Soft orange lights were visible through slits ringing the upper and lower decks, each with an electric or pulse cannon poking through. Armed and armored guards patrolled the uppermost deck, gazing over the silent dunes through binoculars. Another armored transport identical to the first brought up the rear.
Between these two armored transports were three shorter but wider ones. They were connected to one another with couplings. These transports were crowned with the amenities for a luxurious and very comfortable lifestyle. On the first was a well-kept garden complete with a grape trellis, fountains, and a dining area. The second had a large bath made of stone. People were reclining in it enjoying the night air. Thorn imagined that bath had to be heated, as it was quite cold tonight. The third car had an outdoor bar with music that Thorn could faintly make out over the grinding of the treads. This third one was the most crowded. People were socializing and drinking, dancing and laughing.
Although the light was too low for Thorn to make out the color of the flags he recognized them by their emblem. It was a tree and a dove. This was the Browning Trade Family. Those flags, if seen during the light of day, were deep brown. The tree and the dove were woven from gold thread. The caravans lumbered over the countryside as a mobile town, stopping at predetermined cities and towns to set up a shoppers paradise for a few days before moving on to the next one. You could find just about anything for sale at a trade caravan. The heavy armor and excessive weaponry had arisen out of necessity due to attacks from pirates and bandits. With the amount of wealth contained within those transports, they certainly needed whatever protection they could get. And they could afford a lot of protection.
It was heading west, opposite the direction Thorn was traveling. Thorn surmised that it was heading out to Herrickstead from Tabors Hollow. Thorn watched until the last vehicle was past then crawled down from the rock. He unpacked his sleeping bag from his buggy and unrolled it on the hard ground beside the embers of the fire. He was asleep within minutes.


4

Thorn was up with the dawn. He made a breakfast out of the leftover coffee and cornbread from last night. The coffee was cold but he didnt want to take the time to make a fire to reheat it. Thorn didnt particularly care for cold coffee, but he didnt hate it either. And when he had more pressing matters on his mind, like taking down an incredibly strong and chaotic maniac, cold coffee was just fine.
As he was sipping from his tin cup he climbed to the top of the rock sheltering his camp and peered through a pair of leather binoculars in the direction of Crooked Crag. This land was close to the Old Foss and was easy to irrigate with man-made ditches that carried the river water to the crops. Thorn saw a lot of farms over the plain, crisscrossed with irrigation trenches and pipes. The town itself was small: a collection of buildings rising in the middle of the farmland.
Thorn began feeling the excitement building from the pit of his stomach. He cleaned his campground quickly then ran through some stretches and calisthenics. He knew that once he finally confronted Keech that the excitement would fade and hed be awash with the adrenaline of the moment but for now, several miles out and with the impending challenge to come, he could barely contain his excitement. This was the rush that had first hooked him when he took up bounty hunting, and it was that adrenaline rush that kept him coming back. The money wasnt exactly bad either. Two hundred dollars for Keechs capture was more than most people saw in a year.
Once he had worked through the stiffness and gotten his blood pumping he jumped in the buggy, fired it up and took off.
As Thorn drew nearer to the town the signs of Arnold Keechs destructive swath became more apparent. Farm houses were torn down. One of them still had the chain and hook trailing from it which Keech had used to pull it over. Thorn again found himself wondering what kind of motorcycle Keech had stolen that was powerful enough to do something like that. Crops were destroyed where Keech had rampaged through them, riding and carving donuts in the fertile soil. Houses had been burned to the ground. The destruction became greater the closer Thorn got to the town, and some of it looked very fresh. One of the houses he passed was still smoking, as though it had just been burned last night. That meant there was a very good chance that Keech was still in town. If he was having this much fun every night, there wasnt much reason for him to move on yet.
About the only good thing that Thorn could say about Arnold Keech was that he was easy to find. Most of Thorns bounties went into hiding and he had to employ some detective work in hunting them down. Not so with Keech. He welcomed the challenge and the rush of combat as much as Thorn did. To Keech it was all a big game. He was out for a good time and did not care one whit who got in the way or what got destroyed. He and Thorn had tangled several times over the years with mixed results. The only thing that Thorn could count on when it came to a fight with Arnold Keech was that it was going to be brutal.
Thorn passed a family that was working in the morning sun to fix some of the damage that had been done overnight. Keech had pulled half of their barn down and trashed their irrigation system. Water had flooded one of the fields and it was torn up with deep ruts. To Thorn it looked like Keech had made himself a mud field to play in. The family was attempting to mend the broken irrigation pipes to stop the flow of water from destroying more of their crops. They looked up as Thorn passed and he locked eyes with the father. His eyes were filled with sadness, but also a great deal of resolve. He would rebuild just as if his farmland had been destroyed by a tornado or other force of nature, because in a way thats what Arnold Keech was: a destructive force of nature without cause or purpose. These people were used to suffering at the whims of nature. They had long-since given up on the notion that cosmic justice would always favor them. The only thing to do was pick up and start over.
Thorn followed the well-kept dirt road that led straight as an arrow through the farmland into Crooked Crag. What had looked like a small collection of buildings from further away turned out to be a densely-packed rural town comprised of buildings made from wood and yellow brick. Thorn slowed as he rode into town, passing by shopkeepers opening their shops for the day. Thorn didnt have to worry about finding his way as Crooked Crag was laid out in practical rectangles. He knew that if he drove into the heart of town hed find the most important buildings like the sheriffs office or the town hall or, probably the most important building in a small town, the saloon.
Thorn was not disappointed as he pulled in front of the town hall. The saloon was directly across the road and a gaggle of anxious-looking people were standing out front. A wooden sign depicting a carving of a stag with bells hanging from its antlers proclaimed that the saloon was called the Stags Bells.
A small man with a waxed moustache and more expensive clothing than the others strode over saying, You cant park that here!
From what I hear youve got bigger problems than illegal parking, Thorn said as he got out of the buggy.
Thorn eyed the other vehicles along the road. Most were slop engines, rusty and caked with dirt, as he expected from a farming community like this. None of them were parked in front of the Stags Bells. The only vehicle in front of the saloon was a huge, nasty-looking motorcycle with a beast of an engine and chrome exhaust curling down the sides. It was covered in mud from the previous nights outing and was parked half on the porch and half on the road. The motorcycle boasted the biggest engine Thorn had ever seen. In fact, it didnt look like a motorcycle at all; it looked like an engine with a little seat on it and a pair of handlebars for steering.
The other people standing behind the little man with the moustache looked like a sampling of farmers, shop owners, and volunteer police. These latter were the worse for wear, sporting black eyes and bruises. One of them had an arm in a sling.
Whowho are you? the little man with the moustache asked.
Pest control, Thorn said with a smirk. He reached behind the seat of his buggy and drew out a steel cudgel. He gave it a few swings, loosening up his arm.
Are you a bounty hunter? asked someone standing in the crowd.
The sounds of breaking bottles and music wafted from inside the saloon and everyone cringed.
Are you a bounty hunter? the man with the moustache asked.
Thats right, Thorn answered him.
The little mans face lit up and the corners of his moustache leapt upward over his smile. He took Thorns hand and shook it vigorously between both of his, peering up into Thorns face like a beaming child. My name is Mayor Haversham and we are so glad youre here. Weve sent for help from Bradenfield but they said they were too understaffed to aid us. But they said they would put a bounty on him so someone would be by to take care of the problem. Did you hear that everyone? Hes a bounty hunter. Hes here to help!
A few of the people applauded nervously.
The man who had asked if Thorn was a bounty hunter extended his hand and introduced himself as Tyler Cates, owner of the Stags Bells. Hes got my people in there, he said. Those are good people hes holding hostage.
Mayor Haversham put up a hand for quiet and began talking rapidly. He came into town two days ago. We had no warning. I rallied our volunteer police force but he routed them pretty quickly and weve been unable to do anything since. Yesterday he was in the fields destroying property and burning down farmhouses. When hes not doing that hes in the saloon drinking and challenging people to fight. We tried to get the hostages out but he threatened to tear down our town hall if he didnt have someone to serve him drinks and someone to play music for him. Its been terrible. I understand that youll be receiving a bounty for the capture of this man, which will be paid by the county, however we of Crooked Crag would like to express our gratitude as well. We cannot express how much your aid means to us, and as such I will be taking up a collection in order to recompense you for your services here today, pending capture of that man.
Thorn smiled. Mayor Haversham certainly spoke like a politician.
Sure, Thorn said, but dont get ahead of yourself. Ive still got to catch the bad guy first.
If you need any help, wed like to offer our services as well, said the young man with his arm in a sling. The other members of the volunteer police force nodded.
Ive tangled with this guy before. I think the best thing you can do is keep out of our way. Its going to get ugly. In fact, if you fellows could keep everyone back, or maybe if you could go inside somewhere that would be just fine. Arnold Keech does not like to go down quietly.
They nodded, but Thorn had no expectation that anyone would heed his advice and go inside. They werent going to miss the fight of the decade right here in their own home town. And he didnt blame them. He wouldnt want to miss this either. But he had warned them and what they did with that advice was their own business. Thorn did not feel responsible for them if they put themselves in harms way and got hurt. He had enough to worry about.
Thorn turned to Tyler Cates. You said he had your people in there? How many?
Two of my barmaids and my guitar player.
Thorn nodded and slung the steel cudgel over his shoulder. Ok, dont worry about a thing. Ill have this wrapped up in no time.
Then he walked towards the saloon.
The sounds of breaking bottles, splintering wood, and music became more distinct as Thorn edged closer to the door. One sound carried above them all and that was the deep and boisterous peals of Arnold Keechs laughter. Thorn knew the sound very well.
Thorn crouched against the wall and peered through one of the windows. It was smoked to keep out the glare of the sun, but Thorn could see through it well enough. Almost all the furniture had been broken. Splinters of tables and chairs were scattered among glittering pieces of broken glass. The music was being provided by a guitar player who looked like he wanted to be anywhere but there. Thorn saw the two barmaids dancing on the bar. They were wearing fishnets and corsets. At the center of it all was Arnold Keech. He was drinking and smashing bottles while singing off-key and laughing deeply. His large frame and barrel chest looked ridiculous bouncing up and down as he danced a jig completely out of tune from the music. His messy red hair and beard bounced and swayed around his head like they had a mind of their own.
Despite what Tyler Cates had said about their being held hostage Thorn had to prepare for the possibility that those barmaids werent being held by force. The allure of a bad boy representing unbridled and destructive freedom had ensnared many impressionable young women before. It was entirely possible that they would fight against Thorn when he went in there. They looked to be having a good time as they danced on the bar. On the other hand they could be good actors and were merely appeasing Arnold Keech for their own survival.
Other than that there didnt look to be any surprises. Thorn stepped next to the door and took a deep breath. Time to start this.
He threw open the door so hard it banged loudly against the wall. The stench of stale beer blasted him in the face. The music stopped at once, as did Keech. A lock of red hair was standing straight up on his head as he turned, a smile curling the corner of his lips.
I was hoping theyd send you, he said. Keech grabbed a bottle from the bar and drank deeply from it, sloshing whiskey over his red beard. The barmaids cowered from him as he reached over the bar. They looked relieved to see Thorn, but apprehensive of their captor. Thorn never took his eyes from Arnold Keech as he watched their reaction out of his peripheral vision.
Im the only guy thick-headed enough to accept the job, Thorn said. But at least the pay is good.
Keech threw the half-full bottle at Thorn and it smashed just over his shoulder against the door frame. Thorn didnt flinch, even as he felt broken pieces of glass bouncing off his back.
The pay! Keech sneered.
Thorn balanced his weight evenly between his feet. He tightened his grip on the steel cudgel. Keech was chaotic. Unpredictable. His moods could swing wildly from jocose to irate in the blink of an eye. Thorn had to be ready for anything.
These little people, Keech bellowed as he grabbed one of the women and pulled her off the bar. She screamed and tried to fight but he was much too powerful for her. These little people youre working for, look at them! They can barely even take care of themselves.
He threw the woman to the beer-and-whiskey-soaked floor. She let out a terse sob. No, Thorn thought to himself, they were definitely not attracted to Keechs unique charm. He needed to get them out of here before things exploded, but he dared not take his eyes from Arnold Keech. The attack could come at any moment.
You could be out there taking what you want, as I do. No one could stop you. You want some food? You take it. You want some drink? You take it. You want this girl? You take her.
Are you done? Thorn asked. His heart was pounding in anticipation of the coming fight.
Keech swayed on his feet. Im just getting started!
He was drunk. He was so drunk he could barely stand. But that only made him more dangerous. More unpredictable.
Youre the only one whos ever been able to get one over on me, even if you did have to cheat to do it. And look at you now! Big man hiding behind your little club.
Keechs face was becoming redder and redder, as if he were filling with fire from the inside out. His nose looked like a red doorknob. The other woman knelt to help the one that Keech had thrown to the ground. Her movement caught Keechs eye and he turned on her with his arm raised to strike.
Stop! Thorn yelled.
Keech paused. Then he grabbed her by the hair, nearly ripping it out as he yanked her to her feet. He held her in front of him as he stumbled into the middle of the saloon, kicking over part of a table that was in his way. He snarled as he said, You could never win a fair fight against me. Lose the club or Ill tear her head off. Now.
Thorn licked his lips, weighing his options. He didnt want to face Keech without the cudgel because Keech was right: he couldnt win a fair fight against him. Thorn glanced at the womans frightened eyes. He couldnt let her get harmed either. He looked back into Arnold Keechs crazed baby blues and knew that he wouldnt hesitate to do it.
Well do it your way, Thorn said. He lowered the steel cudgel to the floor, keeping it near so he could kick it up the moment the girl was released. Now let her go.
Keech laughed, his snarling face transformed into a mask of joviality in an instant. I was never going to hurt her. He pulled her against himself and kissed her while she squealed and struggled. And Thorn, when are you ever going to learn that theres no such thing as a fair fight?
He threw the woman at Thorn and charged, picking up a piece of broken table as he let out an inhuman bellow from deep in his barrel chest. Even though Thorn was ready the suddenness of the attack took him off-guard. He caught the girl with both arms and rolled out of the way with her. Keech swung the broken table and smashed against the doorframe where Thorn had been standing.
Run, Thorn said between breaths. The woman didnt have to be told twice. She collected the other barmaid and joined the guitar player, the three of them running as quickly as they could through the back door.
Thorn turned just in time to see the broken table coming down on him from above. He rolled but it clipped him hard on the shoulder. The rest of the broken table smashed against the floor and shattered from the leg that Keech was holding. He tossed it aside and picked up Thorns steel cudgel.
So much for your notion of a fair fight, Thorn said under his breath as he tried to decide on the best course of action. Usually for Thorn that meant charging straight in, consequences be damned. Against someone like Arnold Keech, though, that may not be the best strategy. He was even more thick-headed and stubborn than Thorn ever was.
Keech leapt, brandishing the cudgel wildly, his hair and beard flowing behind him. Thorn went with his instinctual response anyway and charged, meeting Keech halfway and knocking his knees out from under him. Keech landed face-first and the cudgel clattered away.
Thorn went for the cudgel. As he crouched near the door he saw over a dozen faces plastered against the smoked windows watching the fight. One of the faces right up front was the young woman hed saved from Keech. Thorn wanted to wave, or grin, or do something funny, but he didnt have the time. Keech was already back on his feet. He already had selected another weapon from the broken furniture all over the floor, this one a chair leg that still had the seat attached to it.
Thorn brought the cudgel up while Keech swung the chair leg down. The two weapons met with a clash. The chair seat ripped away from the leg. Both men felt the reverberations from the clash go up their arms and down their spines.
Thorn was quicker to recover. He spun the cudgel from one hand to the other and landed a solid blow against the side of Arnold Keechs head, and he continued his momentum around to land another even harder blow on the other side.
An ordinary man would have been laid out from two such blows. An extraordinary man would have been knocked senseless, allowing Thorn the opportunity to apply one of his choke holds to finish him off. Arnold Keech, however, spat a mouthful of blood on the floor and grinned.
He lunged forward and answered Thorns blow with one of his own, connecting with the chair leg under Thorns chin. Thorn was lifted off his feet and flew heels over head backwards. He felt like his head had been ripped clean off. He couldnt see anything when he landed save for the stars that blinked in and out of existence in his field of vision. The entire world threatened to go black. He was able to focus through the haze and the stars to make out the blurry form of a monster bearing down on him as his field of vision filled with red.
Keech was dripping blood from his beard as he squatted over Thorn and began pummeling him with his massive fists. Each blow fell with a sickening thud against Thorns head as Keechs fists fired like pistons.
Thorn blacked out for a moment only to awaken as another fist found his face. Arnold Keech had seized the advantage and he was relentless in exploiting it.
Thorn couldnt see. He couldnt fight. He couldnt win. He had only one option left open to him.
He went limp.
Arnold Keech landed two more blows against Thorns swelling face before he stopped. He shook Thorns lifeless form once to make sure he was really out, then wiped his bloodied knuckles across his bloodied whiskers. Most of that blood was Thorns. Keech went back to the bar and reached over it for a bottle.
Potato mash, he said, shaking his head at the label. Who in their right mind drinks this? He threw the bottle, smashing it against the far wall before reaching over the bar for another one. This time he came back with whiskey, which brought a smile to his face. Now thats more like it.
He uncorked it with his teeth and spat the cork at Thorns body. Thorn groaned and sputtered blood as he made a feeble attempt to roll over on his side. His eye was so swollen he could barely see. And what he could see was through a red filter of blood. His face was too numb to feel any pain yet. He didnt want to think about how badly this would hurt in a few hours.
Keech leaned against the bar sipping from the whiskey bottle as he watched Thorn struggle to move. Its no fun when you dont fight back, Thorn. He pushed off from the bar and took another swig before turning the bottle upside down over Thorn, pouring whiskey all over him. Here, maybe this will put some pep in your step, he said laughing.
Thorn managed to stagger to his feet as the liquor dripped from his clothing and face. Through the bloody red haze of his swollen eye he could see three Keeches laughing in front of him.
The smile began to fade from Keechs face and the laughter dried up. Whats happened to you, Thorn? You used to be able to go toe-to-toe with me like it was nothing. You used to be able to take me to the limit like no one else could. Now look at you. You can barely stand.
Thorn squinted to get the three Keeches to merge into one. They finally did, but it was a very blurry Keech. He noticed that Keechs eye and cheek were swelling from where hed struck him with the steel cudgel. Keech was too drunk to feel any pain. He was a tough man to begin with, but once he was in the full grip of a bender he was almost invulnerable. Sure he might have a headache in a day or two when he finally crashed, but that didnt help Thorn with the here and now not one little bit.
Youve become too civilized, Keech said. He took another drink. He was slurring his speech badly and seemed to be swaying on his feet until Thorn realized that he was the one doing the swaying. Hanging out with that marshal. Respecting the law. Doing the bidding of these politicians. Working for these little people. How much were they offering you to bring me in?
Thorn swallowed. Two hundred.
Arnold Keech shook his head. He fished around in his clothes and produced a wad of bills leftover from the money in the safe. Here you go if this is all thats important to you. He threw the money at Thorn and it fluttered to the ground around his feet. There was quite a bit more than two hundred dollars. It means nothing to me.
Keech took another swig from the whiskey bottle before he continued. You used to fight like you had nothing to lose. Nothing to live for. That was after you came out of that city, wasnt it? Crimson City? That was back when you used to be more fun. What did they do to you in there?
As Keech was talking Thorns mind was working. He realized he couldnt beat him in a straight fight. Not like this. He could connect with his strongest blow and Keech wouldnt even feel it for days. And in the meantime Thorn was about to black out. He had absorbed more damage than it would have taken to kill an ordinary man, but that wasnt enough. He couldnt go another round. He needed another plan.
Keech slapped a massive hand on Thorns shoulder and offered him the bottle. Thorn was a tall man himself but he was dwarfed standing next to Arnold Keech. He swallowed a shot before passing the bottle back. His face was so numb he couldnt feel his lips against the mouth of the bottle. The whiskey felt good though. It helped to put a little fire in his belly.
I remember the first time I met you, Keech was saying. I was in . . . well, I dont remember where I was.
Level Shore, Thorn said.
Level Shore, Keech echoed thoughtfully, scratching his beard. The Tight Bonnet. Now thats a fun town. I had a hundred dollar bill on the bar for anyone that could take it. Id been drinking for at least three days straight. Had a pile of challengers by the door waiting to be taken out with the trash. And then you walked in. Put me down fastern I could say how do you do.
Keech doubled over from laughing so hard.
I never got that hundred dollars, either, Thorn said.
Thats because you cheated. Started before I was ready. But I tore it up, didnt I? Rather than admit defeat. Thats when you lose, Thorn, is when you stop running. When you admit defeat. Thats when it takes you and it grabs you and pulls you under. And you dont get back up. Thorn, I could keep going forever as long as I never stop. But I saw it in you, just now. I saw you give up. I saw you admit defeat.
Keech passed the bottle to Thorn and Thorn drank before passing it back. Keech tipped the bottle to his lips but he didnt drink from it. Instead he bellowed from deep within his chest and threw the bottle against the front wall. All of the faces plastered against the glass jumped back before returning a moment later.
Ill be moving on now, Keech said. This towns no fun anymore. Cant stop running. Cant stop moving. See you round, Thorn.
He gave Thorn another hard slap on the back and left him standing alone in the saloon.


5

The moment Keech was gone Thorn moved quickly to the door. He was hurt, it was true, but not as badly as he had let on. The people outside had flocked away from the windows when they saw Arnold Keech coming. They had gathered on the other side of the road in front of town hall again.
When Thorn threw open the door he wobbled and nearly blacked out from the exertion. Maybe he was more hurt than he was letting on. But he didnt have time for that. He couldnt let silly things like a throbbing headache or blurred vision get the better of him. He didnt even stop to pick up the money Keech had thrown at him. Yes, Thorn liked to create an air of bravado about doing this for the money, but that wasnt the real reason he did it. He did it for the challenge. Arnold Keech had nearly bested him and that money hed thrown in Thorns face was an indignation. Maybe after he was standing over Keechs broken body hed come back to pick it up. The image brought a smile to Thorns face.
A roar from outside shook the windows of the Stags Bells as Keech fired up the motorcycle. He spun the tires and kicked up a rooster tail as he aimed the monstrous machine at the townspeople. They scattered like pigeons. Keech toppled the town halls front porch before he pointed the motorcycle south. He was off to the next town. Off to cause more senseless and selfish destruction.
Thorn had a desperate plan that had occurred to him while they were passing the bottle back and forth at the bar. He couldnt defeat Keech in a fair fight. Maybe he had become too civilized. Or maybe experience had made him smarter. One thing was certain and that was that experience had not made him any less stubborn or less prideful. He was burning with indignation at nearly being beaten and at this point would do just about anything to bring in this bounty.
Thorn sprinted to his buggy and jumped in the seat. He coiled his left leg beneath him, sitting on it like a spring. The much smaller sound of his engine was swallowed by the roar of Keechs. The motorcycle gleamed in the morning sun as it left a rut in the dirt road. Thorn had to catch Keechs attention somehow. His engine wasnt nearly loud enough and he didnt have much hope of catching up. Thorn was vaguely aware of the townspeople. They had reformed their crowd in front of the Stags Bells, watching curiously to see what was going to happen next.
Thorn drove to the middle of the road to make himself as conspicuous as possible in case Arnold Keech did happen to glance back. Keech was already somewhere between a quarter and a half a mile down the road. These were nice long straight roads and Thorn was grateful for that, at least he was grateful insofar as they aided what he had planned.
He neednt have worried about Keech glancing back. When he reached the end of the larger buildings comprising the center of town he turned a few circles and stopped dead when he saw Thorns buggy sitting in the middle of the road in front of the saloon. Thorn revved his engine and kissed the tips of his middle and forefinger before pointing them squarely at Keech.
Keechs shaggy red hair and beard were blowing in the breeze as a smile began spreading across his face. His bloodied teeth gleamed almost as brightly as the exhaust on his motorcycle. He spun around and pointed himself back towards town. When he revved his engine the windows shook up and down the stretch.
The group of townspeople watching the spectacle was growing as more people came out of their shops and homes. They jumped every time Keech revved his engine. Thorn couldnt worry about them. He had his full attention on the man he was staring down. They were eyeing each other like gunslingers waiting for the slightest indication to draw, the smallest muscle twitch to indicate that they were on. The expectation on Keechs face was contagious. Thorn knew it well because he wore a similar expression. It was the desire to prove himself. It was the desire to punch the world squarely on the nose. It was the desire, above all, to test himself against impossible odds, and win. Thorn knew that when they started down this stretch of road towards each other that Arnold Keech would never flinch. He knew that once they kicked into gear they would be on a suicide course from which neither was willing to swerve.
The difference was that they were playing different games. Thorn had matured from those early days of nihilism and now he measured his success by completing the job. He didnt need to destroy his body by flinging it at some imaginary foe. What he needed to do was to defeat Arnold Keech and haul him back to Marshal Wolcott. That was how Thorn would measure his own success.
He ran a hand over the hood of his buggy. Sorry about this, he muttered.
He estimated the distance between them to be over a third of a mile. His own buggy could get up to around fifty in half that distance. Keechs motorcycle though? Probably closer to seventy or eight. Either way the combined collision would be well over a hundred. He only hoped it was enough.
Thorn drew first.
Thorn fired a shot of fuel into his engine. Pistons pumped and his tires kicked up a pair of rooster tails as they bit into the road. Keech leaned forward and his motorcycle roared as it leapt. It sprang like a lion, the front wheel coming off the road before Keech lowered it by leaning over the handlebars. His hair blew straight behind him. He was leaning so far forward it looked as though he wanted to take Thorn with his forehead. He bore a grin as wide as his face.
Thorn was not smiling. He was watching his adversary intently, squinting against the sun hitting his left side over the buildings, riding high on the adrenaline of the moment. He could see every speck of dirt in Keechs face.
To everyone standing in front of the Stags Bells the spectacle was over in seconds. To Thorn and Keech, however, rushing headlong towards each other in the dusty alley, time seemed to stretch to eternity. The road raced out from beneath their tires as if it would never end.
Two hundred yards. One hundred. Thorn was up to fifty already. The stretch was longer than he had estimated. The roar of Keechs engine was like rolling thunder as it approached with the swiftness of a summer storm.
Thorn had to time this perfectly. Too early and Keech would be able to pull up. Too late and Thorn would be a smear on the road.
Keech was moving a lot faster than he was, chewing up more of the road.
Fifty yards.
Thorn was acutely aware of how quickly they were racing towards one another. One more second and theyd collide. He didnt need a second. It was too late for Keech to pull up. Thorn held Keechs baby blues until the last millisecond. Thorns was a poker face forbidding the larger man from reading his intentions. And it worked.
Thorn bailed.
He extended his coiled left leg, using it to propel him out of the buggy. He slammed shoulder-first into the road. He landed hard. The impact sent of bolt of tingling pain all the way down his arm. He completed the roll to his feet, pivoting back to watch the crash. Keechs eyes were wide with triumph as he plowed into Thorns buggy and flipped over the handlebars.
Keech never slowed down. He had accelerated straight through until the moment he was thrown. The motorcycle crushed into the buggy and they shattered together in a spray of metal flung like crystals in the morning sun. Keech soared at least twenty feet like an ungraceful swan before face-planting on the road. His momentum crushed him against the surface and torqued his body around itself as he skidded another ten feet.
Thorns arm was hanging limply as he pulled himself to his feet. It was tingling like he had pinched a nerve. He could already tell it was going to be hurting bad later on. He tried working his fingers, opening and closing them as he stalked towards the wreckage. He found that his fingers didnt want to respond.
The front A-beams of his buggy had been ripped wide open. The frame was rent and twisted. Part of the radiator was hanging from the motorcycles exhaust; another part was five feet away in the dirt. The engine was crushed under the motorcycles front wheel. The bike had not fared much better. It looked like it had been squashed by a giant hand. Both vehicles were utterly demolished.
Thorns eyes followed the trail of broken metal to the body of Arnold Keech. He looked to be as badly twisted as Thorns buggy. Thorn didnt want to think about how many broken bones or internal injuries hed suffered.
He walked slowly over to Keech, still trying to flex his fingers as he chose his steps carefully over the debris. Twisted pieces of the bike and buggy were everywhere. He glanced up at the sizeable gathering of spectators and stopped trying to flex his fingers. He didnt want them to know how badly he had been hurt. He was too stubbornly prideful for that.
Thorns stomach sank as Arnold Keech was trying to sit up. Even after all that the man was going to get up. If he got up from that, Thorn thought to himself, hed let him just walk away. Keechs face had skidded along the road. A lot of skin had been torn away.
As he knelt beside him Thorns fears evaporated. Keech wasnt going to get up from this. Dont move, Thorn said. Youll just make it worse.
Keechs eyes were out of focus as he stared past Thorn. He seemed to be staring at the sun through Thorns head. When he smiled his teeth were crimson and he spoke through a bubble of blood. He croaked something that Thorn didnt understand.
Sorry? Thorn said as he leaned in closer to hear.
I won, Keech said. He attempted to laugh and couldnt. Instead he sputtered more blood into his beard. You flinched. You bailed. He was unable to hold himself up and collapsed onto the road. But he maintained his smile even as his eyes were staring in different directions. I won, he repeated.
Thorn stood up and the townspeople began crowding around the scene of destruction. They were murmuring in hushed and awed voices. Thorn couldnt find a way to hold his arm that didnt hurt. It was throbbing with pain as his adrenaline high was wearing off. Finally he clasped both hands behind his back because he didnt know what else to do with them.
The towns physician approached with a fold-out stretcher and a satchel. He unfolded the stretcher alongside Arnold Keechs body and knelt down. He whistled. If I didnt see it with my own eyes I wouldnt have believed this man was alive.
Its his thick skull, Thorn responded. Just do what you have to in order to make him transport ready. Id like to get him back as soon as possible.
As soon as the words were out of his mouth Thorn groaned inside. He had no way of getting Keech back. His buggy and only means of transportation was slung all over the road. He hadnt thought this through very well. Now that his adrenaline high was wearing off he began to see just how stupid this whole thing was. Had he really, just a few moments ago, been congratulating himself on outsmarting Arnold Keech?
While the physician began a preliminary examination of Arnold Keech Mayor Haversham began buzzing around Thorn trying to shake his hand. Thorn turned from him several times to prevent his injured arm from being grabbed up by the little mans incessant need to shake it. Thorn finally shoved Mayor Haversham aside. He didnt mean to be rude, but he was in pain and didnt want to show it. Mayor Haversham gave him a hurt look, but recovered quickly as he turned to the rest of the townspeople.
Um, well, um, this man needs a drink! he said. Lets get that saloon reopened.
The physician had been poking and pulling on Arnold Keech to get him straightened out. A moan escaped Keechs lips. Thorn did not envy the physician his job. It was a lot easier to wreck a person than it was to put him back together again, especially when you didnt care much for that person to begin with.
Excuse me, the physician said. Before you go to the saloon, would you mind giving me a hand? My office is just a few doors down. Ill be able to treat him more efficiently once I get him on my table.
Thorn looked in the direction the physician indicated to see that one of the store fronts a few doors down declared him as Dr. Long, Physician of Crooked Crag.
If you wouldnt mind lifting that end, Dr. Long said, indicating the much heavier upper body, I can lift his feet and someone can slide the stretcher under him.
The barmaid from the Stags Bells stepped forward, kneeling by the stretcher so she could slide it under when they lifted the large mans body from the road. She grinned at Thorn, then watched Dr. Long for the signal.
Thorn didnt know if his right hand could even grasp Arnold Keech. But he was in no position to say no. Dr. Long counted to three and they both lifted. Thorn grimaced as his arm exploded with pain. Keech let out a long painful moan as he was lifted a few inches from the ground and the barmaid slid the stretcher under him. Thorn let his body drop a little harder than he would have wanted and Keech let out another grunt.
When he realized that he would also be expected to carry the stretcher into the physicians office the pain finally got the better of his pride.
Do you mind finding someone else to carry him? Thorn asked. I landed a bit hard back there.
Dr. Long was at his side at once. Ill gladly take a look at you before I start on him, he said. Can you make a fist?
No, Thorn said, then quickly corrected himself. Yes. Look, Im fine, I just pinched a nerve when I landed is all. I just need a moment.
Of course, no problem, Dr. Long said, although he did have a bit of concern in his eyes. He could see that Thorn was in pain. He could also see that Thorn was not going to allow himself to be examined. So he decided not to press the issue, and instead drafted two of the volunteer police from the crowd to help carry Arnold Keech into his office.
Before they could lift the stretcher Thorn stopped them. Hey Keech, he said. Keech raised his head but his eyes didnt look like they could see anything. He wasnt just broken; he was crashing from his bender. Hed probably be out for days. Even before he said it Thorn knew it was petty. But his pride had suffered in front of his audience and he needed to do something to recapture his image. Arnold Keech probably couldnt hear him anyway.
Thorn said, If you won, then how come Im the one still standing?


6

Dr. Long took a long time with Arnold Keech despite Thorns desire to be out of town as quickly as possible. Thorn was afraid that Keech would sit up from that operating table and walk out of there, and Thorn didnt have any more buggies to wreck. He figured if that happened hed just let Keech go. He thought that if someone could get up and walk away after a wreck like that they deserved their freedom.
In the meantime Thorn allowed himself to be pulled along with the rest of the townspeople to the Stags Bells. He shook so many hands that he began to regret his decision not to have Dr. Long take a look at him. But Thorn hated doctors. If he was able to grit his teeth and bear the pain he figured he wasnt hurt bad enough to warrant a doctor.
They had swept away most of the debris and broken glass in the Stags Bells. The money that Keech had thrown at Thorn was, of course, gone. Thorn had no idea who had taken it. Tyler Cates joked that rather than refurnish he should just hang a sign over the door saying, Biggest Dance Floor in Town! He brought out what Keech hadnt smashed or drank of the booze. All of the grain whiskey was gone but Keech hadnt touched most of the homegrown potato mash. And since Crooked Crag was the hops capital of the Western Frontier there were plenty of untapped kegs that hadnt been touched.
After Thorn got a few drinks in him he started feeling better and his arm didnt hurt quite as badly. That potato mash wasnt as bad as it sounded. Mostly Thorn was just feeling down as he always did after a hunt. It was the low following the high, and the low points always allowed bad thoughts to begin creeping in. He knew hed get over it, as he always did, and despite the pain in his arm he was glad to be in the saloon around a lot of people. The thing that was weighing the most heavily upon his mind was the destruction of his buggy. Once he got over this low point his buggy was still going to be wrecked and he was still going to be out a ride.
Thorn excused himself to use the bathroom and slipped out the back door to have a moment to look at his buggy. They were drinking hard in there. Music, conversation, and laughter followed him out until he closed the door on it.
Someone had towed the buggy and the motorcycle off the road in an alleyway between an upholsterers shop and a wooden furniture showroom. Being a bounty hunter and being used to looking for notices that might fetch him a reward, Thorn noticed right away the print posters in the shop windows. They were for missing teenagers. Runaways. Thorn paused a moment to look them over. The parents were offering a reward. Not very much, but probably all they could afford. Said theyd been missing a few weeks. Thorn kept walking. Runaway teenagers werent really his thing.
Thorn could see some of the debris piled at the end of the alley. He closed his eyes before making the turn. When he opened them he saw that the wreck was every bit as bad as he remembered. He walked around the wreckage with his hands clasped behind his back, shaking his head. It had seemed like such a good idea at the time.
It didnt look like much was going to be salvageable from the two vehicles. Actually, they werent even two vehicles anymore. Separating them was going to be difficult. Thorn had been holding out some hope that the banker would be offering a reward for the return of his motorcycle, but after getting a closer view of its condition that hope began to wane. The best he could probably do at this point was hope for a few dollars from a salvage yard.
As he was looking at the wreck Thorn became aware of a shadow watching him from the mouth of the alleyway. Thorn glanced over his shoulder without turning around to see that it was a young woman. She was watching without making herself too conspicuous, letting Thorns mind wander in his dark mood.
Can I help you? he asked after a few moments silence.
Im sorry about your buggy, she said. It looked fast.
At least she died on her feet, so to speak.
Theyll be telling this story for years. Shell be immortalized in legend, so theres that. Im sorry, I saw you leave the Bells and I wanted the chance to thank you for helping me out back there.
Thorn turned and looked at her. She was young and pretty, with her light brown hair pulled back in a ponytail. It took him a moment to recognize her as one of the women from the Stags Bells. She was the barmaid that Keech had threatened to kill and then thrown at Thorn as a distraction. She looked so different without the make-up, the fishnets, and the corset.
My names Shari, she said. Im not supposed to tell you this, but you looked so sad I cant help it. We got you a surprise.
What is it?
Ive said too much. Tyler donated it but it was my idea. Mayor Haversham wanted to make a big deal about it. Thats why they sent me out to find you.
I thought you wanted to say thanks.
That was my cover. She smiled. She had a very cute smile, like she was doing something wrong and was afraid of getting caught for it. I really did want to thank you, though. Ive had to deal with some rough people, especially during harvest season when we get all sorts through here, but nothing like that.
Well, youre welcome. Now what is this about a surprise?
She smiled again as she took his hand. When their palms touched her smile broadened and she looked especially like she was doing something wrong, like the proverbial cat being caught with the canary halfway down his gullet.
It looked as though the Stags Bells had emptied onto the road. A large crowd of inebriated people was awaiting Thorns arrival. Mayor Haversham was standing in front of the group holding his lapels and rocking back and forth on his heels. The crowd was doing their best to conceal a large object under a tarp. Thorn looked quizzically at Shari, but she just smiled again and led him to Mayor Havershams side before taking her place at the front of the group.
Mr. Thorn, Mayor Haversham began, stuffing out his chest pompously as he addressed the crowd, we threw together this little celebration in your honor, and we are deeply honored that you graced our little town with your presence and drove out the villain Arnold Keech who did terrorize us to the point of despondency.
He was greeted by a smattering of applause. From his grandiose speech Thorn began to wonder what, exactly, he was getting into. The last thing he wanted right now was a celebration to honor his honor. He exchanged glances with Shari and she nodded eagerly.
Mayor Haversham cleared his throat and said, For our hero Mr. um . . . He leaned in and whispered, Im afraid that I dont know your first name.
Thorn.
Ah, then Im afraid I dont know your last name.
Dont have one.
You mean youre just Thorn?
Thats right.
Well dont you have any parents? What were their names?
Thorn just shook his head.
Mayor Haversham looked perplexed for a moment before he regained his composure. He cleared his throat again. Very well, for our hero Mr. Thorn, who rid our town of a vile miscreant that destroyed our homes, destroyed our farmland, and abused our citizens, let us have three cheers!
They answered on cue with three loud cheers. They were drunk and unruly cheers, but they silenced the moment Mayor Haversham cut them off with a sharp wave of his hand.
For services to this community above and beyond the duty of a hired bounty hunter, we would like to present you with a small and humble token of our gratitude. We have taken up a humble collection, as promised, for your aid to our town in our time of need.
Thorn perked up at the mention of a collection. He had almost forgotten that the mayor had promised one.
Shari, if you will, Mayor Haversham said.
Shari stepped forward to present Thorn with a basket of potatoes, in which was nestled a full bottle of their home-grown potato mash. Thorns smile faltered. Shari stood on tip-toe to kiss him on the cheek as she passed the basket over. She flushed visibly when she did so, and retreated to the front of the audience to applaud with everyone else.
And furthermore, Mayor Haversham continued, holding up a finger to silence the applause, since you sacrificed your buggy in the service of protecting our humble town of Crooked Crag, we have a bit of a surprise for you.
Thorn was somewhat relieved that the basket of potatoes wasnt all the collection they had taken up. He looked at the large object under the tarp as the audience stepped aside from it. It was certainly the right size and shape to be a buggy.
This is too much, Thorn said, but he was silenced by the wagging finger of the mayor.
Shari darted to the corner of the tarp and awaited her cue to throw it off. She was smiling broadly. Thorn thought she looked a lot prettier now compared to when they had first met. Or maybe it was the difference in her demeanor: she had been terrified and crying earlier. Now she was smiles and expectation.
Could he have really gotten so lucky to have a replacement buggy so soon? Thorn had resigned himself to renting one from someone to make the trip back, but to be given one by the town? It was too much. These people had been through a lot and would have to spend a lot to rebuild what Keech had torn down. Thorn didnt want to inconvenience them by accepting such a lavish gift, especially when he was already being paid two hundred dollars by the province.
Mayor Haversham looked to be just about as pleased as he could be as he rocked back on his heels and gave the signal. Shari tore the tarp off in one graceful movement.
This time Thorn couldnt muster a smile at all. The buggy she revealed was ancient. It was a tractor buggy that looked like it had been sitting idle behind a barn for at least ten years. Rust had eaten away significant portions of it, even into the frame and the axles. And worst of all it was a slop engine that looked so gunked up Thorn doubted whether it had any moving parts left to it. The fuel compartment was so caked over with grease and hardened gunk that it looked like it wouldnt open at all. Thorn could only wonder what shape the engine was in.
Thorns eyes flicked from the rusted old tractor buggy to the townspeople, and in particular to Shari. She, and they, had such genuine expectation on their faces that he realized how rude he was being. Of course these people didnt have much to give and most of what they had would go towards rebuilding. Keech had destroyed a lot of property and farmland. This had been a bad situation for everyone involved. If anyone should pay for all this it was the lawyers back east who kept deciding to release repeat criminals like Arnold Keech.
Thank you, Thorn said, much to the relief of the townspeople. He began shaking hands with them and though he didnt really mean the words at first, they grew in meaning each time he repeated them.
Do you like it? Shari asked, appearing at Thorns side and taking his hand again after most of the crowd had gone back into the Stags Bells.
Yeah, its uh, its great, Thorn said.
Come on, she said, pulling him back towards the saloon. Take me dancing.
They danced and drank and listened to music long into the evening. The townspeople would be going all night in the way that only simple and hard-working people could when they found reason enough to celebrate. Tomorrow they would have a lot of work to do and they would hunker down and get to it, but today and tonight it was time for celebration.
It was late in the evening when Dr. Long found Thorn in the Stags Bells and informed him that Arnold Keech was ready for transport. Thorn groaned. He had been hoping that Keech wouldnt be ready until tomorrow morning. He didnt want to leave the party and he didnt want to leave Shari. But then again he didnt want to leave the journey for the next day, either. He was still afraid that Keech would get up and start causing trouble halfway back to Herrickstead. Dr. Long put those fears somewhat to rest when he took Thorn into the operating room. Arnold Keech was heavily sedated and most of his body was encased in plaster casts. Dr. Long assured him that Arnold Keech would be no trouble, but Thorn was afraid of taking the chance.
Thorn went to pay the doctor for his services, as it was Bradenfield law that the bounty hunter was liable for injuries suffered during apprehension, but Dr. Long wouldnt allow it. He said he found some money in Arnold Keechs pockets that more than covered the cost of the treatment he had received.
Thorn began to wonder just how much of that stolen bank money Arnold Keech had dropped on this little town.
He went back to the Stags Bells to tell Shari that he was heading out to deliver the bounty. If he had been sincere about wanting to leave tonight he would have just left without saying goodbye. Instead he wanted to give her the opportunity to talk him into staying and she did that most insistently, and entirely without words.

She lived in a farmhouse with her parents and Thorn had little recollection of going out there the night before. That part was a blur, although the night they spent together certainly wasnt. Hed put up only moderate resistance to spending the night, and the more he resisted the more physically insistent she got. But as they lay together in the dark her true motivation was revealed as she spoke of getting out of this little town and seeing what adventures the wide world had to offer her. She never specifically said she wanted Thorn to take her, but the meaning was clear.
He was up before she was and despite the pleasurable night he had spent here, he began to feel the usual pangs of guilt: that he should have stuck to his job and gotten Arnold Keech back last night, and more importantly, that he had somehow taken advantage of the young woman. He knew it was bollocks, but the feeling that he owed her something for the magnificent night weighed heavily on him as he found his clothes and escaped through the window. He missed the days when sex was easy. Heck, he missed the days when everything was easy. And on top of everything else he also had a pounding hangover to contend with.
He found the general store in the town proper and bought some supplies to build a sled with which he could pull Keechs unconscious body, along with enough straps to hold him down. He chained up his former buggy and the motorcycle to the back of the sled so he could take those as well. At the very least hed be able to make a few dollars from them as scrap metal. Then he went to the physician, made sure Keech was sedated for the journey, and strapped him down to the sled.
Thorn didnt know if the tractor buggy could carry all of this extra weight. For that matter he didnt know if the tractor buggy was going to fire up in the first place.
Everyone else would be waking up this morning and suffering through their own hangovers as they got back to work. Thorn did regret leaving Shari behind. She had a very cute smile and a very eager personality. He could live among people and act as one of them, but he never truly felt like he belonged with them. He was always restless. He was always looking for the next challenge, always wanting to move on before he became too attached to one place. His childhood in Collective City had left him scarred with regards to human contact. He felt lonely even when he wasnt, and while he could act warm he was, deep inside, perpetually cold, and that cold nature had cost him many hours of potential happiness. He wondered if leaving Shari behind was one of those moments of costing himself something that might have been good. On the other hand, she could very well be quite loose and plied her seductive wiles on every eligible traveler that came through town.
Thorn pushed these thoughts from his mind as he attempted to fire up the slop engine. He had bought a cube of the foul quivering fuel from the general store when hed bought the supplies for the sled. It should be enough to get him back home. It turned over laboriously and he could imagine all those years of slop in there like thick paste preventing the parts from moving. He tried again and the crank shaft began lurching and the engine fired and rumbled beneath him. And he was quickly reminded of another reason he hated slop engines: they didnt run smooth. At all. Thorns rear end was already going numb before he even got out of town.
Despite Thorns fears and misgivings the trip back was uneventful. Keech spent the whole time sedated and moaned when he was dragged over rocks or bumps, and Thorn spent most of the time clenching his jaw out of fear that the slop engine would give out or the frame would break in two from rust damage. Twice he had to stop and chop up a few pieces of solid fuel to cram into the fuel compartment. He wiped his greasy fingers on Keechs cast before driving on.
He kept mainly to the roads because the off-road capabilities of the tractor buggy were severely limited. That meant the trip back took much longer than the trip out here. The baking sun helped him sweat out the alcohol hed drunk the night before.
He was finally able to breathe a heavy sigh of relief when he pulled into Herrickstead late that evening. Marshal Wolcott met him outside in the doorway to his office, his steel-grey eyes surveying the scene as Thorn unhooked Keechs sled from the back of the tractor buggy. Wolcott winced when he saw how badly Thorns face was swollen.
Do I even want to know what happened? he asked in his gravelly voice.
Hes caught, Thorn said. Thats all that matters. You just do what it takes to hold onto him because I dont know if Ill be so eager to go chasing him next time.
Marshal Wolcott took the foot end of Keechs sled and Thorn took the head. Thorn grimaced and nearly dropped it from the fresh pain that shot down his arm.
You ok? Marshal Wolcott asked.
Fine, Thorn growled through gritted teeth.
Somehow they managed to maneuver the sled into one of the cells. They didnt even unstrap him. Only after Marshal Wolcott had closed and locked the door, and they had returned to the office, did Thorn allow himself to collapse in a chair and breathe a sigh of relief. The job, at last, was done.
Keech may be worse for wear but you dont look so good yourself, Marshal Wolcott said. You need to see someone about that arm if nothing else.
Thorn shook his head.
Just as stubborn as always. Marshal Wolcott pulled the lower corner of his grandfathers painting and it swung outward on a pair of hinges, revealing a wall safe behind it. The large painting swung towards Thorn, who looked up into the face of the man who could have been Marshal James Wolcott himself, if only he had a few years on him.
Im authorized to give you a twenty-five percent bonus for a speedy recovery, Marshal Wolcott said as he set the lockbox on his desk. He pulled out his key ring and selected the smallest key, which he fit delicately into the lock. I reckon youll need it for a new buggy.
Thorn didnt know if he was authorized to give him that bonus or not, but he wasnt about to turn it down. It wouldnt be enough to cover a new buggy, but it was a start.
Are you going to be at the pub tonight? Marshal Wolcott asked as he counted the money into Thorns hand.
The only thing I want to do right now is soak in a hot bath.
You know theyre going to be talking, right?
Yeah, I know. But they can wait until tomorrow.
Thorn shoved the money into his pocket and shook Marshal Wolcotts hand.
Ever since hed left Crooked Crag Thorn had been looking forward to taking a long hot bath to soak his aching body, but when he finally crossed the threshold into his cabin he was too exhausted to think about hauling in the buckets of hot water from outside. He collapsed in bed and slept for hours.


7

Thorn lived in a log cabin he built by his own sweat on the edge of a deep forest in the far reaches of the Western Frontier. He grew most of his own food in a small garden and hunted game in the forest. Hed dug a well for fresh water and kept reserves in a cistern built over a fire pit for when he wanted it heated. Chopped firewood was piled nearby at the edge of the clearing.
Inside the cabin was one large room divided by wooden partitions. He had a fireplace and a set of weights for working out. A small kitchen was partitioned in a corner, opposite a small bedroom and bath. The bath had a door to the outside to make it easier to haul in heated buckets of water from the cistern.
Thorn didnt have much in the way of decoration, although he did have a liking for landscape paintings, of which he had two hanging in his main room, and a short bookcase in his bedroom which housed the dog-eared adventure stories of Orren Oakes.
His cabin was about a half-hour drive outside of Herrickstead over rugged and untamed terrain. Few people chose to live out here in the unclaimed and uncivilized wilderness, but this was exactly the kind of simple and rustic life that Thorn desired. His youth in Collective City had spoiled him from wanting to live too close to civilization, even though nothing in the Free Lands came close to the level of oppression that he had suffered in his home city for years.
When Thorn awoke the next morning he was too restless to be in the mood for a bath. His muscles ached, his face was sore and swollen, and his arm was in even more pain than when hed gone to sleep. He sat on the edge of the bed for a few minutes flexing his fingers. They tingled all the way down.
But Thorn wasnt one to dwell on his pain and he figured the best way to deal with it was to go about business as usual and see if it didnt go away on its own. The more he sat around thinking about his pain the more it hurt, so it was best to occupy his mind on something else.
He dragged himself to the kitchen where he chopped up some leafy greens from the garden and blended them with freshly-pressed juice and raw eggs. He drank his mixture down in two gulps before going for a run through the forest. He felt awful and the last thing he wanted to do was go for a run, but he forced himself. He always forced himself, and the worse he felt the harder he pushed. As a bounty hunter he was frequently in positions where he had to push himself beyond the limits of his capabilities. If he didnt treat his workouts with the same tenacity as hed be facing in real life then he would have nothing from which to draw when he needed to. But these disciplinary concerns were secondary to his real reason for pushing himself so hard. The truth was that Thorn hated feeling bad and he hated feeling low. So when those feelings began coming upon him he was able to feel better through physical exertion to the point of exhaustion. He had spent a lot of time pounding out trails through the forest for different distances depending on what he was in the mood for. Today he ran the maximum distance.
Thorn was feeling a lot better when he completed the circuit and returned to his cabin. He got out his tools and spent several hours working on pulling apart his buggy and the motorcycle, seeing what could be salvaged from the wreckage. Some of the parts were in decent enough condition to be sold, but most of it was just scrap. Hed take the scrap to the trade caravan later this afternoon and the rest hed take to his mechanic. He would need a new buggy, that much was certain, but buggies didnt come cheap and anything he could get knocked off the price by means of a trade-in would be very helpful.
While he was working he was startled by the raucous cawing of a murder of crows in the trees around him. These were four crows that came to visit him at about the same time every day in their circuit of the forest. Thorn figured he was in their territory and while they made a lot of noise, they tolerated him well enough, especially when he threw them bread or peanuts. He went inside to retrieve a half a loaf of stale bread and began tearing pieces from it. The crows chattered amongst themselves, as if deciding who would be the one to go down. Finally one of them did, flying to the ground and hopping to peck at one of the pieces of bread. Thorn had no idea how to tell the sex of a crow, but he had thought of this one as a female because she was a little more slender than the others. He could always recognize her because she had one broken toe. She snapped up a piece of bread and hopped onto the rim of a bucket to soak it in water.
Maybe Keech was right, Thorn said to her. Maybe I am losing my edge. I mean, look at this. Look at my buggy. This was a stupid, desperate move and by the time I replace it this job will have cost me more than I made. Was it worth it just to bring in Arnold Keech? Am I really the only person who can do that? Bradenfield didnt even bother to send the police to protect the people in their own province. I mean, they expect us to pay our taxes and live by their rules, but when someone over here needs help theres none to be found, right? So its my responsibility to bring him in, at any cost, right? I guess the people are paying their taxes so the government can pay me to do it. Its probably cheaper for them to pay a bounty hunter than it is to hire and train more police. But what if I just let him do what he wanted? Its not like hed come out here to harm me, is it?
The crow took her piece of soggy bread and flew up into the tree. Only now did the others come down, hopping along the ground and pecking at the remaining pieces.
Thorn laughed. Because I know thats not the reason I do it. And Id never give it up.
The crows finished taking what they wanted of the bread while Thorn turned his attention to the tractor buggy. If he was going to have to use it until he could find a replacement, the least he could do was make it livable. He sanded down the rust and painted over it, then did what he could to get rid of the caked-on slop fuel. Some of it was so ancient he could only make headway with a hammer and chisel. He found it difficult to hold his tool, however, with the pain in his arm and hand, and the more he tried to ignore it the more that pain flared up.
It was late in the afternoon when Thorn finished up. He wanted to leave himself enough time to swing by the Browning caravan since they were in town and see what he could get for this scrap metal. And he was thinking that he might need to stop by the apothecary and get something for his arm. Pain was one thing, and he could suffer through it, but when that pain started interfering with his work then it was time to do something about it. At least, thats how he rationalized it to himself.
And of course he would have to spend the evening at the pub. The pub in Herrickstead didnt have a name. It was called either Nates, on account of its owner, or simply the pub because it was the only pub in town and everyone knew what you were talking about. After every one of his hunts the entire town came out to listen to Thorns latest adventure. It was one of their chief entertainments. Thorn could get by taking a night off after a hunt, but not two. He figured if he tried that the entire town would be camped out on his front lawn until he gave them what they wanted.
But first he got that bath. He started a fire under the cistern and carried in a few buckets of hot water to fill the tub. He breathed a heavy sigh of relief when he finally lowered himself into the water. As he soaked he sipped from the bottle of potato mash and was feeling a lot better by the time he got out.
After his bath Thorn chopped some onions from the garden and fried them up with the potatoes hed gotten from Crooked Crag. Hed never thought much about a potato, but he had to admit that these were some of the best hed ever put in his mouth. He was sad to see them finished, and made a mental note to pick up some more next time he was out Crooked Crags way. When he was done he left the dishes in the sink because he could always clean up tomorrow. For now he needed to get to the trade caravan.
The Browning Trade Caravan was set up in a field just outside of Herrickstead. The four main trade caravans owned land outside of cities and towns throughout the Free Lands, each leasing the use of it from the other three when they came through. The writing of the contract regulating this land was a long, complicated ordeal that had taken representatives from the trade caravans over a year to hammer out, and included a very detailed list of rules for access to each of the co-owned parcels of land. The contract itself was over a thousand pages long. Each of the trade caravans kept a few copies and employed an expert who had the entire thing memorized, just in case one of the others ever breached it.
Herrickstead had a carnival feel when a trade caravan came to town. It was the smallest and most remote town that the trade caravans stopped at. People traveled many miles to shop for the exotic wares that only the trade caravans could bring.
Brown flags emblazoned with the gold tree and dove of the Browning family could be seen for miles. They were spun with threads of real gold by some of the finest artisans in the land.
Thorn drove his tractor buggy through the gates and into the merchants city, trailing the pile of scrap metal behind him. Heavily armed and armored guards were stationed throughout the aisles, either watching on stands or patrolling among the shoppers on foot. Trade caravans were notorious for their private armies of the best trained and best armed troops in all the Free Lands. To Thorn their presence reminded him of the armed guards that kept the citizens of Collective City oppressed, and the reminder was not a pleasant one at all.
Most people ignored the guards as they went about their shopping. And there was a lot of shopping. Rows and rows of merchants hocked their wares from colorful tents in a sprawl that was even larger than the town of Herrickstead itself. Merchants sold rare and valuable crystals from the Fiann, solid fuel cells, thick embroidered rugs from the weavers of Naemair Ridge, scrap parts that didnt look like they went with anything, expensive erythronium batteries, glassware made by artisan glassblowers using the finest powdered sand from Level Shore, agricultural tools, discounted slop engines that looked to be in only slightly better shape than Thorns, earthenware cooking supplies, clothing made from all sorts of different fabrics catering to the wealthy and the poor alike, childrens toys, local and exotic foods. Just about anything you could imagine was for sale here, and most of it at very reasonable prices.
What kept the trade caravans going was not only what they sold, but what they bought. And that was pretty much anything. They bought up everything they could get their hands on at each stop across the Free Lands so they could offer it for sale at the next place. Some towns in remote places like Naemair Ridge based their entire economy around the visits from the trade caravans. In recent years the rise of the shipping company had made transactions even easier, as they allowed for the buying and selling of goods without the necessity of a town visit. The largest shipping company, and the one that all the trade caravans used, was L & D, operating out of Webster Grove.
Thorns first order of business was to find the aisle housing the apothecaries. They had one in town that he could have gone to, but Thorns pride wouldnt allow it. He didnt want word spreading through the small town of how badly he had been injured. Of course his intended secrecy was futile as everyone would know anyway. In a small town there was no escaping that, but Thorn could save a little face by having the rumors spread a little more slowly, if he could help it.
A map and directory at the entrance indicated which way he needed to go. Thorn also made a mental note of where they sold buggies and accessories so he could go there and try to unload some of his scrap. It was very crowded this afternoon and it took Thorn a long time due to the number of pedestrians for whom he kept stopping. He didnt know a lot of these people. They were homesteaders living outside of town, or they were from the other small towns dotted around the far side of the Western Frontier. He saw a few familiar faces from Herrickstead, though, and they were all eager for the same news: would he be at the pub this evening to tell the story of his latest hunt?
Thorn left his tractor buggy and went on foot down the apothecary aisle. It wasnt as crowded here, and the tents were more closely packed so it felt more sheltered. These apothecaries sold some very sensitive items, and they understood that their customers appreciated an air of anonymity, and so had designed this section of the merchants city to cater to those sensibilities. Thorns quest for a decent painkiller wasnt as scandalous as some of the things they sold here, but it was sensitive enough to him personally that he didnt like anyone else knowing. He had a reputation to uphold, after all.
It smelled of the combined aromas of incense and perfumes over the reek of sulfur and peroxide, with merchants calling out from their stalls touting the benefits of restorative elixirs, soothing balms, and powdered cures for just about anything. Thorn ignored every one of them that was openly calling out until he found a quiet merchant in a corner stall. The merchant had pale skin and long black hair tied back in a ponytail. After listening to Thorn describe the pain in his arm he took some herbs and some seeds and ground them together with a mortar and pestle. He had green tattoos on his arms that were visible below his sleeves when he reached for the items he put in the mixture. Once he was done powdering the medicine he cupped a piece of paper in a funnel shape to pour it into a brown packet.
Mix one fourth of this powder with a glass of water and take it every twelve hours until its empty, he said as he passed the packet over.
Yeah, sure, Thorn said and paid seventy-five cents for it.
He slipped between the stalls into the narrow and cluttered alley behind them. It was stacked with boxes, most of which bore the L & D Shipping logo. Thorn tore open the packet and was about to pour the powder into his mouth when he heard giggling. He peered over a stack of boxes to see a young couple embracing each other. They were too involved with what they were doing to notice Thorn. They were just a couple of kids finding a moment to have a good time, anyway. It wasnt any of his business.
He also ignored the instructions of the apothecary as he tipped the packet to his lips and attempted to swallow the whole thing at once. He choked on it. The powder was shockingly bitter. It clogged his throat and nasal passages until he thought he was going to choke to death right here in the alley. He was coughing white clouds as his throat muscles tried to swallow, but without enough saliva to dissolve the mixture it clung to the surface of his mouth and throat. He wished he hadnt done that, and right about then he would have given anything for a glass of water.
His coughing attack attracted the attention of a roving guard who poked his pulse rifle into the alley. Thorn was working his tongue trying to manufacture enough spit to be able to swallow when the guard barged in demanding to know what was going on. Thorn glared at him, unable to speak before the guard became aware of the young couple behind the boxes.
Hey, you two, get out of there! He shined a light on them and pointed the rifle over the boxes. They jumped and scrambled for their clothes, blushing deep red but giggling nonetheless as they ran by.
Thorn, however, didnt move. He remained fixed, eyeing the guard with contempt.
The guard was in a full suit of body armor emblazoned with the Browning family insignia. He turned the gun back on Thorn. Move along, he ordered.
Thorn fought the urge to cough as he attempted to stare down the guard. It was not easy when he could barely breathe. After a few seconds he lost the battle and began coughing again, exhaling a cloud of white smoke with each heave of his diaphragm.
With the staring contest broken he moved along, back into the alley and up to where hed left his buggy. The guard followed him all the way. Thorn didnt like being ordered around, and he resented the feeling of power these guards held over him and everyone else shopping at the stalls. But there was nothing to be served by getting into a confrontation. And trade caravan guards were notorious for having an itchy trigger finger when it came to people who questioned their authority.
Thorn? asked a female voice as he was mounting his tractor buggy at the end of the aisle.
He turned to find Robyn Moore carrying a brown bag in one hand and holding the leash of Theosophilus, her great shaggy dog, with the other. She was Nate Moores daughter who, along with her twin brother Ryan, had taken over running the pub.
We missed you at the pub last night, unless you were doing a very good job of hiding. She scanned the tractor buggy Thorn was riding. New paint job? I didnt know they sold such an authentic rust color.
Theosophilus panted and tucked his head against Thorns hand. Robyn had a deadpan sense of humor that most of the townspeople didnt get, and that some people found to be mildly offensive. She seldom smiled, and she rarely laughed, so most people had a difficult time telling when she was joking, and assumed that she was frigid inside and socially inept. Thorn, however, knew better, as he had on more than one occasion noticed her punctuate her silly little jokes with a slight up-turning of the corner of her lips, and he had come to realize that she was just a little different in the way she expressed herself. He never had trouble understanding her, and he never took her jokes as malicious. These qualities had served as some of the main reasons that Robyn had been nursing a crush on Thorn ever since he had first settled here outside of town.
Thorn was about to retort something that sounded clever in his head but he choked instead on the white powder, coughing a fresh cloud of it from his throat.
This will never do, Robyn said, pulling out a flask from a pocket in her skirt. I brought this water for Theo but it looks like you need it more than he does. She set the brown bag on the ground and removed a crystal goblet from it, into which she poured some of the water.
Thorn was grateful as she passed the goblet over. He swirled the water around in his mouth and gargled with it, hoping to dissolve every last speck of that foul powder before he swallowed. While he was doing that Robyn took out a matching crystal bowl and set it on the ground, pouring some water into it for Theosophilus.
I dont think it matters what it is, she said, but if youre consuming it, he wants it.
Theosophilus large ears and shaggy head completely obscured the bowl as he leaned over it and began lapping. Thorn had gotten enough of the powder out of his mouth and throat to be able to swallow, but that bitter taste was going to be with him for a while.
What were you trying to swallow? Robyn asked.
Just my pride, Thorn said with a smile. It didnt go down so well.
Then its lucky Theo happened along. Do you like my new glassware?
Thorn held the goblet up to the sun to see it sparkle. Seems a little fancy for the pub, isnt it?
These arent for the pub. These are for me. And for Theo. And for you if I ever find you choking on your pride again. If you like next time I could bake it into a pie. It might go down more easily.
Theosophiulus had finished drinking and rubbed his dripping wet mouth against Thorns pants. Robyn poured out what was left on the ground and put the bowl back in her bag. Thorn handed the goblet back to her and she put it in the bag as well.
I didnt believe it when people said that you had destroyed your buggy taking down Arnold Keech. But here it is.
What are they saying?
Theyre saying that you beat him half to death with it. That you picked it up like a club to wail on him and it broke over his hard head.
I like that version better than what really happened.
So which version are you going to tell at the pub tonight?
I havent decided yet. Do you think it would make me look more heroic if I charged him down against all odds and wrecked my buggy in a blaze of glory, or if I got my rear handed to me so badly that the only way I could beat him was by sacrificing my buggy after I bailed out of it?
Robyn skewed her mouth to one side as she pretended to think. I like it better that you picked up the buggy and beat him with it. Or perhaps if you used it as a conduit to call lightning from the sky. Of course, then youd have a hard time explaining why your face is so bruised and swollen.
I was hoping that nobody would notice.
Robyn couldnt hide the concern in her eyes as they darted over Thorns face, reconstructing in her mind the physical beating hed taken. Well, youd better think of something quickly. Everyone in town will be at the pub tonight to hear about it. And we have a lot of people from out of town staying with us because of the trade caravan. Itll be a packed house. Speaking of which, Ive left my brother alone long enough to make a sufficient mess to keep me occupied for a while. I hope you havent ruined your appetite by snacking on your pride. Ive had pork slow-roasting all day. See you tonight.
She took her bag and Theosophilus leash and offered a smile over her shoulder as she walked away.
On his way to find a merchant who might buy his scrap metal Thorn passed a tent vendor selling guns. He slowed the buggy so he could get a good look at them, glittering and powerful all lined up for sale in neat rows. He resisted the urge to stop. Guns were expensive and rare in the Free Lands. He knew he couldnt afford one, especially when he needed a new buggy. Reliable transportation was far more important to him right now than owning a gun, but that didnt make passing them by any easier.
He passed through the buggy vendors with their rows and rows of new and used buggies, looking for a merchant with a fiery furnace capable of melting down or reworking metal scrap. He finally found one in the far corner, near to the trade caravans themselves. The merchant was surrounded by piles of scrap, and he was working hard melting them down and refining them into something that people may want to buy. He was a burly, no-nonsense kind of a man who didnt look like he appreciated being interrupted in his work when Thorn drove up. He stood with his hands on his hips as he looked at the pile of scrap Thorn was offering.
Fifteen dollars, he said.
This is quality scrap right here, only freshly pulled off my buggy. Its worth at least fifty.
The merchant waved a meaty hand at the piles of scrap surrounding his furnace. Its not like Im wanting for it. Fifteen, take it or leave it.
Thorn grumbled as he folded the money in his pocket.
Thorn could ride by the rows of buggies without feeling their call because he knew that he was going to visit his mechanic, and that the custom job he was going to get was better than anything they had to offer here. But the gun vendor offered an allure that he couldnt pass by. He had to stop and take a look.
Thorn shouldered in next to a tall thin man who was standing next to the stall looking down his nose at the guns. His contempt was obvious and he snorted as Thorn walked up.
The gun merchant, however, smiled happily and shook Thorns hand. Greetings friend, he said, and welcome to the finest gun shop youll find in the Free Lands. My name is Garman Browning and Ill be helping you today. Are you looking for something in particular? I have everything from sparkers to concussion rifles.
Every last one of these should be melted down, the tall man said. This is Crimson City tech and its illegal to transport them through Webster Grove. Im sure youre aware that they restricted the sale and transport of refurbished weaponry? Or do the trade caravans not have to obey the law like the rest of us?
And how do you know we transported these through Webster Grove? Garman asked.
All trade west of the Old Foss passes through Webster Grove. All trade north and south along the Old Foss passes through Webster Grove. I cant believe that I need to give you, a trade family member, a lesson on the geological importance of Webster Grove. And that is why the Bradenfield government is so diligent when it comes to passing regulations on the trade that passes through there. And they have passed very strict regulations on the transport of these Crimson City death machines.
Are you a representative from the government of Bradenfield, Mr. Nasint? Garman asked.
Of course not. I just happen to care that the laws of our province are protected and administered equally. And that includes applying them to the trade caravans.
Then file a complaint, Garman said dismissively. Now, as for you, Mr. . . . ?
Thorn.
Thorn. As for you, Mr. Thorn, you look like the kind of man who might appreciate a fine sparker pistol. He picked one up and stroked it lovingly. Sometimes called coilers or snake guns on account of the tightly-wound induction coil along the muzzle, these beauties, while not very accurate at range, are positively deadly at a distance of less than twenty feet. They dont require charging or expensive battery replacements like some of the larger guns do, either.
Well . . . Thorn began.
Or perhaps youre in the market for something a bit more robust, Garman continued. He picked up a concussion rifle. This is the D-138 model concussion rifle, capable of rapid fire concussive destruction. It uses a refined hedrous crystal as its power source, so its a bit more expensive than your average gun, but its worth it. Youve got dual firing columns to keep it cool: one side fires while the other charges. Youve got shock absorbers built into the stock to minimize recoil and give you a comfortable shooting experience. This baby right here could level a whole town if you so desired.
Mr. Nasint snorted.
Oh, I could have a lot of fun with that, Thorn said. I notice you have a lot of pulse rifles. Thorn picked one up and peered through the sights.
Ah, yes, unfortunately were overstocked on those. But our overstock is your savings, right?
As they were talking a young man with a hood drawn up over his head sidled up to the end of the tent. Garman was distracted for a moment as he watched him. Thorn and Mr. Nasint both acknowledged him as well. Something didnt feel right about him. He seemed too much on edge. Garman Browning glanced up and Thorn followed his gaze to a guard in a stand two tents down. The guard met Garmans gaze and nodded slightly.
These are the PM III models, Thorn said, turning his attention back to the rifle he was holding.
Yes, Garman replied. He kept an eye on the young man at the corner as he addressed Thorn. Are you familiar with them?
I know they were discontinued in Crimson City due to a rather severe defect in their manufacture. Thats why there are so many of them and youre overstocked, Id wager. Crimson City had to throw out the whole lot of them.
And what defect was that? Mr. Nasint demanded.
The capacitor is prone to overheating, Thorn said, and its located far too close to the battery. If you leave it charging for more than a minute or two . . . boom.
Mr. Nasints eyebrows shot up and he took a couple of steps back, as if the gun might explode right then and there.
Now, its not quite that bad, Garman said quickly. The weapon in its raw state is indeed very dangerous, but when our technicians refurbish them they add a heat dampener between the capacitor and the battery that gives you at least five minutes before it explodes. If you dont discharge the weapon within five minutes, well, theres really no reason to be charging it in the first place, is there? And remember, this only affects the weapon when its set to maximum charge. For most practical purposes youll never want to go over halfway on it. Thats more than enough firepower to kill someone.
Mr. Nasint let out another audible groan. He looked even more terrorized than he had a moment ago.
How much would one of these set me back? Thorn asked.
You cant actually be considering buying one of those death machines? Mr. Nasint demanded.
Garman ignored him. This right here will cost you seven hundred dollars.
Thorn whistled. Seven hundred, huh? Im afraid thats just a bit out of my league at the moment.
Garmans smile dropped in an instant. I see, he said as he reached over the table to take the gun back.
Do you at least have a shooting gallery where I could try one out? Could I maybe rent the concussion rifle for half an hour just to play with it?
Garman did not have time to tell him that renting one of these was out of the question, and even if it wasnt it would certainly be out of his price range. As soon as he was distracted by reaching for the gun Thorn was holding, the young man in the hood snatched a sparker pistol from the display and took off running.
He was fast, but the guard on the stand two tents down was faster.
The young man was gunned down before he had taken three lunging steps. At once cleaners appeared from seemingly nowhere and removed the smoking body. The entire incident was over in seconds. None of the shoppers nearby even knew what had happened.
Mr. Nasint was so flabbergasted that he was spluttering. Did you . . . my God, did you see what just happened? They murdered that man in cold blood! In broad daylight! Did you see that? My God!
Garman Browning had moved to the end of the tent and was speaking softly with one of the cleaners. Mr. Nasint was becoming even more outraged as the whole incident had gone unnoticed by any of the other shoppers. He attached himself to Thorn and was attempting to get Thorn to share his outrage.
Thorn threw a leg over the seat of his tractor buggy before firing the rumbling old beast up. If hed come into my place of business and tried to rob me, Id probably have shot him too.


8

The pub had always been the heart of Herrickstead. When Nelson Herrick led a band of stubborn settlers and explorers into the Western Frontier at the behest of the governor of Bradenfield the first building they had erected was the pub. Nelson Herricks charter was to settle as far west as he could in order to make a claim on as much land as possible. Herrickstead was never intended to be a permanent settlement, but Nelson discovered that the temporary roots they had put down took a little more hold than he would have liked and it was difficult to move on.
Nates Place wasnt a pub originally. It was a boarding house that happened to be well-stocked with booze where everyone stayed until they were able to get their own places built. Until that happened they had nightly bonfires outside and they made a fair dent in the provisions, especially the corn whiskey, which they had brought with them for the journey. Once everyone had their own place to stay Nate Moore turned the boarding house into a pub and managed to get everyone to keep coming around every night.
Nate Moore was older now and had passed along the running of the place to his twin children Ryan and Robyn. Now Nate spent most of his evenings sipping corn whiskey and telling stories to the people of Herrickstead. He had hundreds of stories from the founding of the town and was the last living person to have been there for it. Everyone had heard his stories dozens of times and yet he never wanted for an audience.
The place was packed when Thorn came in. He saw a lot of faces he didnt recognize. They were homesteaders and out-of-towners, as Robyn had said, staying at Nates after a day of shopping at the trade caravan. Ryan and Robyn had hired some extra help for the evening from the teenagers of Herrickstead and they were busy busing tables, cleaning rooms, and helping with the serving. George Dacre, who owned a confectioners shop in town, was sawing on his fiddle while people danced.
The kitchen was around a partition and featured a fire pit that connected to the main room. A pig had been slow roasting on this pit all day and had filled the pub with a delectable aroma. Thorn caught sight of the cabbage and juicy pork as Alice Cameron, one of the teenagers hired for the evening, carried it by and it made his stomach rumble.
Nate Moor was sitting in a rocker with a blanket spread over his legs, Theosophilus at his feet, and a circle of young faces staring up at him. He had a glass of crystal clear corn liquor on the arm of his rocker from which he sipped every other pause in his story. He leaned forward to the children who were hanging desperately to his every word and spoke in a voice that was as raspy and as the summer wind over a dry creek bed. And when the sun goes down over the dunes, the amber skeleton of Court Raleigh stalks these hills to this very day looking for his stolen treasure. Whos got my treasure? If you listen just right you can hear his voice carried on the wind. Whos got my treasure? Nate Moore leaned in even closer and his voice became softer.
YOU DO! he yelled and the children, as well as Theosophilus, jumped. They had heard the story of Court Raleigh dozens of times, and they knew the surprise ending was coming, and yet they still jumped. The way that Nate did the voice of the disembodied skeleton was enough to make the hair stand up on the necks of even the stoutest of adults. After their fright the children laughed and began demanding that Nate tell them another. Theosophilus laid his head back down. He, at least, didnt seem to appreciate the scare as much as the others.
Nate took a sip from his glass and nodded to Thorn. Looks like we might get us a bang-up tale from our own celebrity bounty hunter.
The children were up at once and clawing at Thorns shirt. Youre gonna tell us a story, right? and Tom said you got your butt kicked. Thats not true, is it? and I heard you wrecked your buggy against Arnold Keechs face! were some of the snippets that they bombarded Thorn with. Nate laughed.
Ill tell the whole story, Thorn said, but youll have to wait so everyone else can hear it too.
He was answered with a collective, Awww. But the children stopped pestering him and went to play around one of the tables. They nearly took out Ryan Moore, who was delivering food and drinks to another table nearby.
Whoa there, guys, no running in here.
Ryan and Robyn had never been out of Herrickstead. Ryan thought of Thorn as the older brother he never had and he lived vicariously through the stories of adventure and heroism that Thorn brought. Like most everyone else in town he knew the stories were heavily embellished, and he was aware that they changed from one telling to another depending on how many drinks Thorn had and how well he could remember how hed told it last time. But they were always filled with over-the-top heroics and diabolical villains that provided for an exciting and entertaining evening.
Ill take a bowl of that pork and cabbage when you get a chance, Thorn said. And a beer.
The beer I can do now, but youre not getting fed until youve sung for your supper, Ryan responded. Foodll be on the house for you.
Yeah, I guess Ive put it off long enough.
Oh, hey, before I forget, Ryan said. Rich Tanning came by earlier. He said he wanted to see you. I told him youd be by tonight but he couldnt stick around.
Did he say what he wanted? Thorn asked, but he was pretty sure he already knew.
Nope, just to come by and see him when you got the chance.
Rich Tanning was Thorns mechanic and there was no doubt that word had reached him about what Thorn had done to his buggy. Thorn wasnt looking forward to the meeting at all. Rich Tanning treated every one of the buggies he made as if it were his child. He was not going to be pleased that Thorn had murdered one of his children. On the other hand, Thorn intended to commission a new buggy, one that was going to be a lot more expensive than the last. Giving Rich a new project would help alleviate some of the pain of losing an old one. Or so Thorn hoped.
George Dacre finished a lively tune and set his fiddle aside. He had seen Thorn come in and knew that most everyone was here to listen to his latest rousing adventure. Rumor had been running rampant since he had driven into town yesterday on an old tractor buggy with Arnold Keech in tow. Ryan put a mug in Thorns hand as he made his way to the front of the room.
The pub was silent as Thorn stepped to the front and took a sip of his beer. Robyn had come out of the kitchen and was standing in the doorway to listen.
The town of Crooked Crag was in the grip of fear when I rode in, Thorn began, looking around at all the faces. And their fear was the cause of one man: Arnold Keech. To call him a man does him a disservice. He was an ogre, the kind you hear about in stories. He stands seven feet tall. Hes four feet around the chest. His arms are like fence posts. His legs are like tree trunks. His red hair and beard flow around his head like the fiery rays of the sun.
And this ogre had descended upon the sleepy little town of Crooked Crag. He was rampaging through the fields destroying cropland, tearing down farmhouses, pillaging and plundering to his hearts content. And I dont need to remind you that Crooked Crag is known for their choice hops. This madman was threatening the crop, so there was nothing less hanging in the balance than the future of our beer consumption. It was with this heavy burden of responsibility upon my shoulders that I rode into town, filled with determination to stop this madness.
Arnold Keech was at the saloon when I found him: the Stags Bells. The local volunteer police had already tried to take him down and failed. Bradenfield had refused to send any help. I was the only one who could stop his path of rampaging destruction. I alone stood against him. After checking in with the mayor I got to work. I threw open the door of the saloon. I didnt need to say anything. I didnt need to challenge him to a fight. He knew what I was there for. He had taken two beautiful women hostage and I couldnt stand for that. I will always stand up for those who need it, for the weak and the oppressed against the strong, tyrannical bullies like Arnold Keech.
The entire town was out to watch as we drew fists. I punched. He counterpunched. I dodged and weaved. He was big and strong, but slow. I connected with a right, then a left, then a flurry of punches to his gut. He swatted me away like I was nothing. Then he charged me like a rampaging bull. I only just managed to dodge out of the way. And it was a good thing, too because he went straight through that wall. Took the whole thing down. I thought that saloon was going to collapse right on top of our heads.
I went for the two young women and grabbed them, leaping out of the building as it collapsed around us. I just managed to escape by the skin of my teeth. But my concern for their safety cost me. Arnold Keech wasnt even fazed. He rounded on me, grabbed me from behind, and lifted me over his head. There I was, dangling, holding on for dear life, when he threw me. I went flying across the road and into the front of their town hall. Smashed through a window. Broken glass was everywhere. And Arnold Keech never stopped. He was a man possessed of superhuman strength that Ive never seen before. He charged me, but this time I was ready for him. I had recovered just in time, landed on my feet and waited. I was waiting in front of a stone bulwark and I jumped out of the way at the last moment, and do you know what happened then?
Thorn paused to take a drink of beer, and to let the question sit for a moment. He had everyone on the edge of their seats. Obviously they knew how it turned out, because Thorn was standing in front of them, acting out his imagined heroics, but they had all, every one, been drawn into the story.
Absolutely nothing. Thats what happened. Arnold Keech ran head first into that stone bulwark and it didnt even faze him. He spat some blood on the ground, and kept coming right after me. I began to despair. I began to question if there was anything I could do that would take this menacing ogre down.
But thats when it hit me. Maybe he could survive running through a wall or into a stone bulwark. But there was no way he could survive a head-on collision at over a hundred miles an hour.
I had connected with my best, but it didnt even stagger him. So I knew I had to escalate things. I was willing, but was he?
Youre damn right he was willing. I jumped into my buggy, and Arnold Keech jumped onto his stolen motorcycle. And let me tell you, this thing was an absolute beast. It had eight cylinders of alcohol-fueled, road-chewing power. Probably capable of reaching over two hundred miles per hour in a quarter mile stretch. And thats just what we did. We went down to opposite ends of the stretch on the main road. And we were going to settle this.
We stared each other down. I revved my engine. Arnold Keech revved his and glass broke all up and down that road. I was looking straight into his baby blue eyes and I never faltered. Each of us was waiting for the signal that this was on.
I drew first and we tore after each other down the stretch. I could feel my heart pumping harder than the pistons as the acceleration plastered me to the back of my seat. We closed on each other. Two hundred yards. One hundred. That motorcycle was fast. It was bearing down on me, but I knew I couldnt falter. I couldnt let him win.
I held his eyes the whole time. Never let go, and never flinched.
But he did. Right at the last moment he tried to turn, but it was too late. We plowed into each other and he went flying through that wreckage and face-planted on the road like a piece of meat. And he didnt get up. Not from that one. I had vanquished my foe, and stood triumphantly over his wrecked body.
Thorn accepted his requisite applause and took the beers that everyone wanted to buy him as they slapped him on the back and congratulated him for his outstanding heroics.
After he went to sit at one of the tables Robyn slid a bowl of pork and cabbage in front of him. So Arnold Keech was thrown hundreds of feet from the motorcycle, she said.
Thats right.
And you got by with just a few scrapes?
Um, well, I was in a buggy and it was more reinforced.
I think I liked the version better where you picked up your buggy and beat him with it.
Thorn grinned and Robyn cracked one of her rare smiles.
Well, it seems to be a popular enough story, she said. But next time you should end it by sharing a passionate kiss with one of those women you saved.
As the sun sets behind us and the wind whips our hair?
Mm. Listen, it looks like everyones buying you a drink, so if you need a place to stay Ive held your usual room.
Thanks, but I think Ill be heading back after a while.
That while turned out to be a long while as Thorn found he enjoyed the company of his adopted home and didnt much like the idea of driving back to his place alone. He helped persuade Ryan to sing a few songs to George Dacres furious sawing. Ryan had a rough voice that went well with the simple folk songs they liked to play. He was shy, though, and had to be pushed into singing every single time. Once he got a sip or two of his fathers corn liquor in him, though, it was difficult to get him to shut up.
They sang and laughed and drank long into the night before the rest of the Herricksteaders began dispersing and Thorn finally drove on home.


9

The following morning, after Thorn sweated out his hangover in a lengthy run through the forest, he made another trip to Herrickstead, this time with his former buggy and the motorcycle in tow. First he stopped by Marshal Wolcotts office to see if there was a reward for the return of the motorcycle. There was, but only if it was returned in good condition. Thorn and Marshal Wolcott exchanged glances and both of them shook their heads at the same time.
So Thorn dragged them to his mechanic instead. He was dreading this meeting.
Rich Tanning lived on several acres a few miles south of town in the midst of a salvage yard. He had hundreds of buggies in various states of deterioration, many of them propped on blocks midst piles and piles of parts. Rich was the sort of person who couldnt get rid of anything because he knew, he just knew, that someday he would find a use for even the most seemingly useless of items. And so he collected everything that crossed his path. Most of these buggies represented projects that Rich Tanning had bought with the intention of fixing up into a wonderfully-creative design before he had gotten distracted by the next big idea. He scoured junkyards and the trade caravans for buggies, parts, and machines, and if you asked him about any one of the rusted old heaps scattered about his property, hed swear he was only about a week from jumping headfirst into working on it, and then hed give you a detailed description of what he was going to do. And of course that description would segue seamlessly into a description of the new chassis design he was going to build for the buggy he had picked up a few days ago. He was someone cursed with too much imagination and not enough focus, and while he had some brilliant ideas, very few of them ever came to fruition.
Rich heard the rumbling approach of a slop engine and slid out from under the buggy he was working on. He wiped his greasy hands on his coveralls, although the gesture didnt accomplish anything as his coveralls were equally covered in grease. He broke into a confused smile when he recognized Thorn, but that smile faded as he took in the picture of what Thorn was riding . . . and what he was pulling.
What . . . what did you do? he stammered. This was a two-seventy hand-bored liquid-fuel injected . . . and a motorcycle? Where did you pick that up? How in the . . . a motorcycle buggy! Single occupancy, right in the middle, two wheels. Or maybe three. Might have to go three for stability. It would require a new drive design, of course, but it might take a bigger engine. We could put it in the back. That would require a whole remodified everything, but it might catch on. Itd be better than these damn slop engines everyone seems to drive. Including you, it seems. Thorn, what in the hell did you do? I never thought Id see the day that you rode in here on a slop engine. And could there be any more rust on there? I dont know what I could do with it, but I might be able to give you twenty dollars. At least the engine works, but I dont know for how long.
Its good to see you too, Rich. And she may be an old bucket of slop gunk, but right now shes my only ride so be respectful. Id hate for the old lady to hear you.
Oh of course, I meant no offense, Rich said, lowering his voice as if the buggy could actually have heard him. But what did you do?
He walked around the slop engine to have a look at Thorns totaled buggy. There isnt even anything here worth saving. Even on the motorcycle. My goodness look at this thing. Thats the biggest engine Ive ever seen.
He took a magnifying glass out of his pocket and leaned in to look. The glass was smudged, and though he attempted to wipe it off on his coveralls he only managed to make it worse.
The block is cracked. Look here, do you see that? It must have thrown a rod. This is completely useless. To be honest, I dont think this motorcycle was intended for street use to begin with. It looks like it was built for show and wasnt meant to handle the stress of heavy revving.
It certainly did experience some heavy revving.
Rich continued examining the wreckage through the smudged magnifying glass. Did you . . . Thorn, dont tell me you did this on purpose. If I didnt know any better Id say this crash occurred as a result of a head-on collision, like a game of chicken.
You hadnt heard?
Heard what? Ive been out of the loop for a little while now. Things on my mind, and whatnot.
I thought thats why you were looking for me at Nates. You didnt want to see me about the buggy?
Rich looked up at Thorn. No, I wanted to see you about a different matter entirely. This is the first Ive heard of this travesty.
Ah, well, in that case, I thought maybe Id be able to soften the blow by commissioning a new buggy.
Richs hazel eyes went out of focus. A new buggy? Well why didnt you say so? Itll have to be bigger, of course. Off-road tires. Big tires. Ive been tinkering with a new design thatll add extra support. Independent suspension, of course. Lightweight frame, but not too light. We dont want you getting blown away by a desert storm. I imagine you wont want to stick with a slop engine? Rich chuckled. Big engine. Ive been working on a few designs. For example, I noticed that in your typical liquid-fueled engine there is a significant part of the fuel that never combusts. It goes right out the exhaust with the rest of the waste. See where I singed my hand testing this theory? But I asked myself, what could I do to make this more efficient? And my answer was to feed the exhaust right back into the engine. I havent fully gotten everything worked out yet, but Im on track and it should boost your efficiency and horsepower by, I dont know, fifty percent, if not more.
I dont know, Thorn said. That sounds awfully claustrophobic to have the engine feeding on its own waste like that. I like them to breathe.
You know, I might have something.
Rich walked briskly into the garage, muttering quietly under his breath. The inside of the garage was as cluttered as the outside, with at least half a dozen unfinished projects, partially built engines, and experiments cluttering up most of the floor. Thorn stood near the door as Rich waded through the clutter. He made his way to a cabinet against the wall and gingerly set aside an alternator that was soaking in some cleaning fluid so he could open the cabinet door. He pulled out a canister with red stripes painted horizontally around it.
This here, Rich said proudly, is hobby gas. It atomizes far more easily than liquid fuel, it combusts more completely, and its cleaner. And heres the best part: it will add about eighty percent to your horsepower, with bursts capable of reaching over a hundred. Only problem is that its very rare, and therefore very expensive. Its only found in pockets of hedrous crystals.
This is tetrous?
Yes, thats right.
They use this in Collective City, er, Crimson City, this and their hedrous crystals. Thats why they built where they did, over the largest hedrous deposit in the lands. This is powerful stuff. Where did you get it?
Trade caravan, like most everything else.
Browning?
No, Goldsmith. They came through last month. I bought a few canisters as kind of an investment, thinking Id get around to building a super-powered hobby gas buggy. Rumor is that someone found a hedrous crystal deposit up in the Fiann. Theyre saying its a pretty big find, maybe even bigger than the one under Crimson City. I bought a few of the designs they were selling from Crimson Citys trash to see how this stuff functions. I figured if I could get a jump on designing an engine that utilizes hobby gas Id have the market cornered when everyone else got around to using it.
Maybe this is your chance, Thorn said.
Richs eyes went unfocused again as a grin spread slowly across his face. Ill have to redesign the frame to handle the extra torque, and I dont mean just reinforcing everything. I mean a complete redesign. I was looking at some plans that could channel the excess energy back into the engine. Theres a lot of wasted potential thats just thrown aside. If we could harness that and turn it back into kinetic energy we could conserve fuel and boost power. Its kind of like what I was talking about with the exhaust, but mechanical.
I want it tough, in case I ever come across anymore crazed bikers. And of course my profession dictates that Ill need a pull-down cage, maybe with some backwards-facing seats, for transporting bounties.
Rich was nodding. Thatll add to the weight, of course. Ill have to take that into consideration. I was imagining something a little more streamlined, but yes, as you say, a professional requirement. Um, Thorn, you do realize that this is going to be very expensive, dont you?
Thorn nodded grimly. Yes it had occurred to him, but he, like Rich Tanning, was swept up in the fantasy of having a brand-new super-powered buggy. The practical matter of the cost was something that hadnt fully sunk in yet. How much are we talking?
Rough estimate? Over a thousand dollars. Maybe more.
Thorn whistled.
But, Rich said quickly, I might be able to help you out, if you can help me out.
The tone of Richs voice had shifted in an instant. He sounded almost apologetic and was looking at his hands instead of making eye contact. It was clear to Thorn that they were about to start talking business, and that this was the real reason that Rich had wanted to see him. Thorn hooked a nearby stool with the instep of his foot and slid it towards him.
Whats on your mind? he asked.
Rich knelt to replace the canister of hobby gas in the cabinet before sitting on the stool. He took a few moments to collect his thoughts. Ive gotten myself into a bit of trouble. Family trouble. Youve met my son?
I believe so, but its been a few years. Isnt he living with his mother?
He was, yes, in Bradenfield. She remarried about a year ago and sent Sandy to live with me. Scotts his real name. He hates it when I call him Sandy. He says its a girls name. I told him its not, but he doesnt like to listen to me. He was born with a big patch of sand-colored hair so Ive always called him Sandy. Kind of like mine before it started turning grey and falling out.
Rich tousled his hair, thoughtlessly smearing grease into it.
Im the only one who calls him that. But we havent exactly been getting along. In fact, Thorn, between you and me, its been hell. I dont know how to raise a kid. Hes been hers all this time and shes let him get away with anything he wants. No discipline whatsoever. You know how it is with city kids. I wanted him to learn a trade, my trade, you know? Help around the garage, maybe take over the place when I get older. But he doesnt want anything to do with it. He doesnt want to work. He just wants to hang out with his friends all night and sleep all day. Weve been at each others throats practically from the moment he got here. But you know how kids are. They dont know what they want and by the time they decide theyve squandered years trying to figure it out. I wanted things to be easier for him. Well, easier than it was for me, anyway.
No, I dont know how kids are. How old did you say he was?
Fourteen.
Thats practically an adult, isnt it?
Rich laughed. Youre right, you dont know how kids are. But then again neither do I. Weve been arguing nonstop. He resents that he had to come live here from his mothers. He resents that Im trying to help him out. He resents everything about me. And then I said to him the one thing you should never say to a kid his age. I told him as long as hes living under my roof hes going to do what I say. So he left.
Thats too bad, but I dont know what any of this has to do with me. I have no idea how to be a parent. Hell, I didnt even have parents.
Rich was looking at his hands again. They were bruised and stained with grease, flecked with cuts and abrasions, some healed over as scabs and some bright red.
He said, Its the crowd hes running with. His friends. Hes an impressionable kid, but these others . . . Im afraid hes joined a gang. They ride bikes, dune bikes, painted yellow, and some of them have tattoos under their eyes, the right eye. Its a little skull with crossed skeletal hands under it.
Rich crossed his wrists with his fingers splayed to mimic the tattoo.
Ive never heard of them, Thorn said.
Ive asked around and no one else has either. But I looked into it and some other kids in other towns have gone missing. Teenagers, I mean. But Im afraid, Thorn. Im afraid of what hes getting himself into, and Im afraid that Ive failed him as a father, that I pushed him into doing something very dangerous.
Thorn recalled seeing the signs advertising missing teenagers when he was in Crooked Crag and wondered if they were indeed related. What do you expect me to do? he asked. At fourteen hes adult enough to be on his own and I cant bring him back if he doesnt want to come. Thats kidnapping.
I know. I understand. But maybe, well, just take him a message? Find out where he is and make sure hes ok? Tell him I love him and I want him to come back? Tell him Im sorry and Ill try to do better? I dont know, whatever it takes. I just want to know hes ok and that hes not in any danger.
You alluded to some kind of reciprocation if I was able to help you.
How does half sound?
Thorn was unable to contain his surprise as he nearly fell off the stool he was leaning against. Half? Did you say half?
This is very important to me. Heres a picture of him.
Rich pulled a wrinkled photograph out of his breast pocket. He straightened it with the back of his hand so he wouldnt get any grease on it.
Thorn looked at the photograph, which showed Rich and Scott Tanning in front of the salvage and repair shop. The photograph was black and white, although Thorn could clearly make out the patch of sandy-brown hair and hazel eyes on Scott, which were mirror images of his fathers. Scott had a swarm of boyish freckles over his nose and cheeks.
Ok, ok, Thorn said. Do you mind if I take this?
Rich shrugged and handed it over. He seemed reluctant to do so.
Ill find him and Ill get him your message, but I cant promise hell come back with me. That will have to be his choice and his choice alone.
Rich nodded grimly, and Thorn was touched by the despair that momentarily crept into his eyes.
But Ill do what I can, Thorn added quickly. Ill look into this gang, too. With markings like that they shouldnt be too hard to find. Ill see if theyve got any bounties out for their arrests, find out what theyre into.
Rich had turned away. He was tidying up some of the parts that were cascading off one of his workbenches. Ill just keep busy, like I always do. Ive got to work on making those fuel systems more efficient. Ive got to do something to keep my mind from wandering and imagining the worst, you know? Just deliver my message for me and let me know hes ok.


10

Thorn usually began a hunt at Marshal Wolcotts office. The marshal had an extensive filing system with collected information on every bounty and police case throughout the provinces going back to the days of his grandfather. It was, originally, his grandfathers project as a part of his own crime-fighting endeavors. James Wolcott had inherited not only his grandfathers files, but his knack for systematic organization that made such a filing system possible, and Thorn was more than happy to avail himself of the information that Marshal Wolcott was capable of providing.
Marshal Wolcott looked up over the newspaper he was reading when Thorn entered and hung his wide-brimmed hat on the rack.
Bounties by the door, Marshal Wolcott growled. Didnt expect you back so soon after that beating you took.
Who, me? Im fit as a fiddle, Thorn said. He smirked, as his face was still visibly swollen and his arm still tingled with pain. Speaking of Arnold Keech they take him back yet?
Just loaded him up in the prison wagon this morning, and its a huge weight off my shoulders to get that maniac out of here.
Yours and mine both. I picked up a new job and I was looking for some direction to get started.
Private job?
So far. Im looking for a gang and wondered if you might have something on them.
You want to know if theyre wanted for something else so you can clean up with a double bounty.
You know me so well.
What gang are they? Ive got lots of information on the gangs that roam the Free Lands.
I dont know. Never heard of them before and dont know much about them except that they sport a tattoo under their eye of a skull and crossed hands.
You know, there was something that came in recently, Marshal Wolcott said as he folded the newspaper and kicked away from his desk. He led Thorn into his filing room in the back, turning left down the hallway that, in the other direction, led to the cells. The room was filled from floor to ceiling with filing cabinets, each one meticulously labeled and catalogued. And this was just the more recent stuff. A trap door led down to a huge room filled with filing cabinets which contained everything going back to the days of Marshal Wolcotts grandfather.
A small basket on a short cabinet by the door held a few recent papers that hadnt been filed yet. Marshal Wolcott licked his thumb and began flipping through these.
I didnt put anything on the bounty board because I didnt know what to make of it. Ah, here it is. Seems this fellow out of Webster Grove was making a shipment of grains when his cart was attacked and robbed by a gang of young men with yellow bandanas over their faces. They had skeleton hands on them and they rode yellow bikes.
Thats a lot of yellow. Does it say anything about a tattoo?
Nope, but it gets stranger. This fellow said his cart was robbed, but when the investigators filed the report with the local police they didnt find anything missing from his inventory. And heres the reason I dismissed the account: he said their leader was a ghost. I figured hed just been hitting the grain alcohol, wrecked his carriage, and blamed the whole thing on a ghost bandit rather than face the wrath of his employer.
A ghost bandit?
He told investigators that it was the ghost of Court Raleigh.
That name sounds familiar, is it someone I should know?
Marshal Wolcott laughed. Thorn, you seem more local than the locals; sometimes I forget that youre a transplant. Here, take a seat and Ill tell you the story of the Amber Bones. You hungry? The Widow Tahnee dropped off a basket of biscuits and apple butter this morning.
Marshal Wolcott didnt wait for a response before he ducked into the next room down from the filing room and emerged with a basket of biscuits wrapped in a blue towel. He moved the papers on the short cabinet to the floor and set the basket in their place. He produced a pair of butter knives before disappearing back into the other room.
Thorn broke a biscuit and began slathering apple butter on it. When are you going to marry her? he called.
Im not the marrying type, Marshal Wolcott grunted from the other room. He primed a small piezo-pump to boil a fresh pot of coffee before returning and taking one of the biscuits.
Afraid she might stop feeding you so well once she lands you? Thorn asked between bites.
Do you want to hear this story or not?
Thorn bowed his head slightly.
This goes back to before the Western Frontier was settled, back when pioneers first started moving out of Bradenfield and discovered the fertile grounds west of the Old Foss. Back then if you were still within spitting distance of the river you were considered to be far west. I suppose theyll say the same thing about us some day. But there were a couple of brothers who made their living preying on the settlers and trade caravans as they trekked west. Their names were Court and Cade Raleigh. Court was the elder and he was one of the meanest, cruelest people to ever darken the Free Lands. He kept his brother in line by beating him regularly so hed stay just as mean as he was.
Were they real people?
Marshal Wolcott shrugged. Who knows? My grandfathers records dont even go back that far. The legend became bigger than either of them, but like most folk stories there was probably a kernel of truth to it. That was a very dangerous time to be living west of the river. A few of those settlements got wiped out entirely by raiders. But these two, the Raleigh brothers, they lived in the caves out in the wilderness and stashed their stolen money out there. They painted the entrance to their cave amber so theyd always be able to find it. They used the cactus flower, I believe. When you crush it you can mix it with some other stuff and it makes an amber dye. People still use it for clothing. According to legend they filled their cave with millions of dollars worth of stolen property. It was jam-packed with treasures from the far corners of the provinces, stolen from settlers and trade caravans alike.
They were able to take down trade caravans?
Marshal Wolcott had gone into the other room to pour each of them a mug of coffee. He brought a bowl of sugar and a pitcher of cream. He offered them to Thorn but Thorn waved them off. Marshal Wolcott sat down and spooned some sugar into his coffee before filling it to the brim with cream. Thorn brought his mug to his nose and savored the aroma as Marshal Wolcott continued.
Trade caravans didnt wield the kind of power they do today. They were small, just nomads, basically, making a living by buying and selling their goods to the different towns. People didnt have access to the kinds of easy transportation like they do now. Most of that technology came out of Crimson City and we just learned from it. I guess I dont need to tell you that. The trade caravans started arming themselves out of necessity just so they could survive out there until they became the monstrosities they are today. But thats another story.
Marshal Wolcott took a sip from the coffee and cut open another biscuit.
Anyway, Court Raleighs luck ran out and he fell into a trap set by a powerful merchant that hed robbed many times over. This merchant thought that if he could get his hands on the Raleigh brothers stash of stolen treasure thatd more than make up for what theyd stolen from him over the years. So he interrogated Court Raleigh. Tortured him. Never got a thing from him though. Court was too mean and spiteful to be broken and the more he was tortured the meaner and more spiteful he got. So the merchant decided to change his tactics. He let Court Raleigh go, with the intent of having him followed back to his secret stash.
Court was mean but he wasnt stupid. He figured the reason that merchant had let him go, so he laid in wait for the men that were following him and killed them all. Sent their heads back via post.
What neither Court Raleigh nor that merchant knew, however, was that while they were doing their thing Courts brother, Cade, had betrayed them both. Cade wanted to get back at his brother for all those beatings, and it was on account of him that Court had fallen into the merchants trap to begin with. Then once Court Raleigh was captured, Cade took that whole stash of treasure for himself, and to cover his betrayal he went through the hills and painted every rock with that amber dye. When Court went to look for his cave he couldnt find it. They were all amber. He wandered those hills like a man possessed screaming his brothers name, looking into the caves searching for his lost treasure. He didnt eat nor drink, but kept himself going out of pure hatred. He withered away until there was nothing left but his bones, and they had soaked up so much of that amber dye that they became the same color as the hills. He never found his treasure, and no one ever knew what became of Cade, either. But people traveling at night have been seeing the amber skeleton of Court Raleigh stalking the hills ever since.
Thorn was nodding while he sipped his coffee. Ive heard Nate tell that story to the children many times at the pub. Never really listened to it or attached any significance, though.
Its an old legend. A folk story. It tells how the rocks around here got their peculiar color. If you ask me all people are seeing is the quartz in the strata. When the moonlight hits them just right they look like rib bones. Add an overactive imagination and the loneliness of the wilderness and, well, you get the picture.
I dont know; something spooked this fellow out of Webster Grove. Thorn was scanning the report. Says his name is Brad Hadlik. Whats this note down here? He pointed to the bottom of the page, to a string of numbers in Marshal Wolcotts small and tidy handwriting.
Marshal Wolcott wiped his hands before taking the paper. This is a catalogue note.
He went to the filing cabinet marked Miscellaneous and flicked through the files before selecting one.
Well, well, he said to himself as he read the file. It appears this isnt the first time this has happened. Ive got a few more incidents over the past half a year of merchant shipments being attacked by the ghost of Court Raleigh, with nothing having been stolen. I stuck them all together here in the miscellaneous file because I didnt know what to make of them.
Thorn was reading over Marshal Wolcotts shoulder. Looks like they all worked for the same shipping company. L & D, out of Webster Grove. Looks like as good a place as any to start.
Marshal Wolcott shrugged as he refiled the papers. Its not much, and it probably doesnt mean anything. L & D Shipping is pretty much the only shipping company anymore. Theyre the only ones getting hit because theyre the only ones in town.
Still, its the only lead Ive got. Thorn shelled out a dollar for the information and the use of the marshals filing system. One more thing. I dont know if its related or not. It was Rich Tannings kid that ran away. When I was in Crooked Crag I saw a few posters for other teenagers that were missing. Have you seen an increase in the number of runaways or missing teens recently?
Yeah. Over the past six months, or so, reports have been increasing at an alarming rate. I didnt know we had that many teens in the Western Frontier.
Six months, you say? Any pattern to it?
Marshal Wolcott was flipping through the filing cabinet marked Missing Persons. He withdrew dozens of reports. These are from the past six months alone. I figured they were just teens being rebellious teens, but youre right. There is something suspicious going on. They seem to be from all over. Mostly small towns. You dont think theyre all joining this new gang?
I dont know what to think yet. You said this fellow Hadlik was set upon by a bunch of youngsters on dune bikes, right? It would make sense.
Its about the only thing that makes sense.
Ill check it out. Tell the Widow Tahnee thanks for the biscuits.
Marshal Wolcott grunted. Tell her yourself.
When he looked up from refiling the missing persons reports Thorn was gone.


11

The town of Webster Grove grew up on the divide between Bradenfield and the Western Frontier. It came to be known as the Gateway to the West, and it was over this narrow bend in the Old Foss that westward trekkers found their easiest point of crossing. The location also boasted the unique advantage of being the closest point between three different provinces, and so it naturally became the central hub for the quickest and most efficient trade routes that passed between Bradenfield, Spens Span, and the Fiann. The Old Foss itself provided fast and easy access for sailors to the Gorges Linger Mountains to the north, and the Deerwere Delta and Level Shore to the south.
The Old Foss curved as it passed through Webster Grove so the immediate land west of the river was enclosed in a half-moon of fertile land. This rich soil provided for perfect farmland, and as the town grew it facilitated the westward trek as pioneers pushed further and further into the unclaimed wilderness by providing a base of free-flowing food and supplies.
As the pioneers settled into the west, Webster Grove came to represent not just the gateway, but also the divide between the two halves of Bradenfield. The town on the eastern side of the river was grown with merchants and a bustling trade economy with all the feel of a big city, while the half of the town on the western side of the river was mostly agricultural, with sprawling farms and rustic people.
The trip from Herrickstead to Webster Grove usually took a couple of days. On his slow and rumbling tractor buggy, however, it took Thorn the better part of three. He was worn out and sore when he crested a rise and saw the river and the town laid out below him. Even after he shut off the engine and took a few moments to stretch as he looked out over the magnificent view below him, his body was still vibrating from the long trip on the tractor buggy. His spine felt about six inches shorter from all the rumbling it had endured.
The Old Foss was truly a magnificent sight as it reflected the suns rays in the late morning. From his vantage point Thorn could see the white Foamingwake Bridge which spanned the river, and he could see the bustling port on the far side with the barges being loaded before being sent up or down the river.
Thorn was surprised that he didnt see the expected green crescent in the bend on this side of the river. He hadnt been out this way in over a year, but at that time this land was lush with crops on the sprawling farms. Now there were only a few instances of green midst the dry amber plains.
As Thorn rode into the rivers valley he began to feel a lot less self-conscious about his own beat-up old tractor buggy. His looked to be in much better condition than some of these he passed, and those were only on the farms that werent abandoned. He passed many shuttered up farm houses and fields that were producing nothing but a bountiful crop of dust.
He pulled into the first farm that showed any signs of life. A weathered wooden sign by the drive declared that it was the Pith Farm. This farm, at least, had a meager crop growing and looked to be only a little better off than the rest of the fallow fields Thorn had passed on the way in. Thorn wasnt entirely sure what he was looking for out here in Webster Grove, and he didnt particularly care for the idea of staying in town. To him the town of Webster Grove on the other side of the river was a completely different town altogether. He would be much happier if he could find a farmhouse that would be willing to put him up for a few days.
He was somewhat alarmed to find a police buggy parked in the drive when he neared the house. A pale green, as the police in Bradenfield were called due to the color of their uniforms, was in heated conversation with an old man that Thorn assumed was Mr. Pith. He was a tall, thick, elderly man who looked like he was a part of the very land he had spent a lifetime toiling in. He had a broad rock-like face that was set in a dire scowl as he listened to the pale green talk.
Thorn turned off the engine and walked over, leaning against the side of the barn to watch and listen. The pale green was pointing at an ancient pump around the side of the house from which several long tubes, like the arms of an octopus, were coiled.
If you are not willing to buy the new tubing, Mr. Pith, the pale green was saying, then you will no longer be able to use your pump.
But its my damned pump. I dug the hole with my own hands.
That is, Im afraid, irrelevant. The material used in your irrigation tubes has been found to leak. Water leakage and the waste of water is very seriously frowned upon by the Bradenfield legislature. If you are unwilling to upgrade to the new, approved, tubing material then I will be forced to fine you, decommission your pump, and possibly arrest you.
Those new tubes are damned expensive. Its nothing but a rip off. Ive been using these same tubes for forty years.
You have been provided with a rebate.
That doesnt even cover a fraction of the cost. I cant afford it if I want to keep my farm.
The pale green shrugged. My hands are tied. I dont write the laws, I merely enforce them.
We dont even use the tubes to irrigate our land anymore, not since the last time you visited. My wife and I are carrying buckets of water to irrigate, and were losing acres of crops every day because I cant water them efficiently enough. You boys across the river are killing us. If you decommission my pump I wont have any water at all.
Like I said, Mr. Pith, my hands are tied. The law is the law, and it exists for your own good. But I understand your situation, so Ill tell you what Ill do for you. I will merely issue you a warning today and Ill return in a few days to see if you have made any progress on the problem I addressed. Ok? Does that sound right to you?
Mr. Pith looked angry enough to punch that smug pale green right in the face. His scowl looked like it had been etched with a carving knife.
The pale green was furiously writing on the clipboard he carried under his arm. He didnt act as though he were aware of the danger he was in. Maybe he thought Mr. Pith wouldnt lay a finger on him on account of the authority he represented. And maybe he was right. He handed the warning over and Mr. Pith snatched it from his hand.
I called you out here on account of the miscreants that have been attacking our farms. Arent you going to do anything about them, or are you too busy trying to run my business?
If youre having problems with miscreants then by all means file a report through the proper channels and the issue will be dealt with.
I did file it through the proper channels!
The pale green nodded and got back into his police buggy. Mr. Pith watched him drive away in a cloud of dust while he wadded up that warning.
No work, he said, and at first Thorn didnt realize that he was the one being addressed.
Excuse me?
No work so move along.
Im not here for work, actually. Im looking for a place to stay for a few days. Looks like youve got the room and could use the money.
I aint a charity case, neither.
Im not offering charity; Im offering to pay for room and board for a few days.
Is that it? Mr. Piths eyes were as hard as his face as he looked Thorn up and down. Youre not dressed like a vagabond, but no one drives a buggy like yours can have much to his name.
Before Thorn could respond, and he was going to do so unkindly before taking his leave to find lodgings elsewhere, they were approached by an elderly woman whom Thorn took to be the Mrs. She had been watching from the house and surprised both of them as she asked, Are you a bounty hunter?
She looked as hard and haggard as her husband, with features that looked like they had been carved with a chisel.
Mr. Pith glared even harder at Thorn. Thorn had a difficult time reading his expression. It could have been scorn, or it could have been interest.
Thats right, he said after a pause.
Mrs. Pith stood on her toes and whispered something in her husbands ear. His expression was as inscrutable as a boulder on a mountain face as he listened to her. He nodded a couple of times before he said, I take it youre on a job, then. Who are you hunting?
A gang. They wear yellow bandanas and ride dune bikes.
This time there was no mistaking Mr. Piths expression as his eyes widened with recognition. His wife excitedly stood on her toes again to whisper something in his ear but Mr. Pith waved her off.
I dont trust bounty hunters, and I dont much like having a mercenary around. But weve had a spate of disturbances round here recently from that gang you mentioned. If youre looking into it, then it might be a good idea to have you around. You can have the loft in the barn if you pay up front and dont make any trouble.
Thorn agreed and Mr. Pith showed him to the loft in the barn. It had been transformed into a small room when the farm was doing well enough that they could afford to hire help. It didnt look like it had seen any use for a while. Mr. Pith swatted aside some cobwebs and wiped off some of the dust from the dresser.
It aint much, but we dont use our rooms for much more than sleeping anyways. Supper is at seven oclock sharp.
Thorn threw his traveling sack on the bed. It suited him just fine, and he didnt intend to use it for much more than sleeping either.
You recognized the description of the gang Im looking for, Thorn said as he followed Mr. Pith back down the ladder.
Aye, that I did.
Tell me about them.
Theyve been terrorizing some of the farms around here. They come at night, cause mischief, vandalize, steal food.
Theyre a local gang?
Ive never seen them before. Its only been a few months. Three or four, since they started terrorizing us. Theyve hit the Varicks and the Prassons just recently. My wifes been afraid theyd hit us too. Thats why she insisted that I give you the loft. Id argue with her, but Ive come to respect my wifes wisdom over the years. But if you ask me those kids in the gang are nothing compared to what we have to deal with from across the river. I take it you saw that exchange with the pale green?
Theres nothing I can do to help with that, Thorn said.
Mr. Pith spat on the ground and his rock-like face became, for a moment, that of a rage-filled snarling beast. Thorn was taken aback by the amount of animosity he saw in that split second during which Mr. Piths guard was down.
But I need to get back to work watering my fields. Whats left of them anyway. I dont know anything else about that gang. You might want to ask the Varicks, they live east of us two farms down. The Prassons live south. They wont be hard to find because there aint many of us left. And thatll be five dollars for the loft.
Thorn went to the Prasson farm first, but they were unable to tell him anything he didnt already know. They hid in their house when the dune bikes came during the night and did not see anything. When the noise subsided they went outside and found that their food stores had been stolen and their field set ablaze.
The Varicks proved to be more helpful. It was late afternoon when Josh Varick heard the rumbling tractor buggy and went to meet Thorn in front of the farmhouse. Josh did not look like a farmer. His hands were too clean and soft. Thorn felt recent callouses on them when they shook. Neither he nor his family, including his wife Marie and son Eli, whom Thorn met when he was invited inside, bore upon them the signs of having worked the earth all their life, as the Piths and the Prassons did.
You must forgive me, Josh Varick said as he set out coffee and corn biscuits while his wife fanned herself and looked utterly disinterested in their company. Im still new to farming. I took over this property from my brother after his death last year. I used to be a lawyer in Bradenfield, so you can imagine how difficult the transition has been for us. For all of us, he added, giving a sideways glance to his wife.
From the scowl on her face to the silk clothes she wore, it appeared that she did not appreciate the move out here to the farm one little bit. She appeared to have enough resentment about her to let it be known, even in front of a guest, but enough class to keep it from boiling over. Thorn was glad he was just a guest and didnt have to remain here after they were alone. He did not get the feeling that this was a particularly warm household.
But its the best move I ever made, Josh added. My brother and I were the perfect examples of country man, city man. I never understood how he could make a living from the earth when all the important things were happening in town. I understand now. My life was a hollow one, and Im grateful to the memory of my brother for giving me the opportunity to see that finally. The corn may be dried up right now, but its better than being dried up inside. And things will turn around; Im certain of it.
He said this last directly to his wife. Josh had set a cup of coffee and a biscuit in front of her but she hadnt touched them, and she hadnt made eye contact with either her husband or Thorn.
Im staying with the Piths, Thorn said. They were having some trouble with the law over their hoses or something.
Josh Varick took a slow deep breath. Yes, the hoses. Our drought is entirely man-made, and it helps to illustrate perfectly the hubris of my previous life as a lawyer. Its quite humbling to experience things from the other side. Another parting lesson from my brother. Wherever he is Im sure that hes finding more than a little mirth in the reversal of my fortunes and attitude.
There was a big push a couple of years ago for a public water system with fountains and the like, which they claimed would help serve the people of this town by providing them with fresh water. The public never actually saw much use out of it, although youd never know that from the numbers the government continually publish. As a former insider, let me tell you those numbers are completely made up. I think they figure that every time it rains all the people are utilizing public water. Its nothing but propaganda. The only people who get any use out of those public fountains are the already wealthy, the government officials, and the lawyers. See, its become very fashionable among the elite to have lavish indoor gardens, and those gardens require quite a lot of water. The whole push for public water was nothing but a ruse so none of the elite would have to spend their own money digging wells.
They were running hoses from the public wells and fountains to their houses so they could water their plants, but some of these hoses had to be run over busy roads, and they burst. The hoses, I mean, not the roads. It caused flooding and property damage, so Webster Grove passed a law saying that all hoses had to be made of this very expensive hard rubber that would stand up to being driven over.
I dont see what any of that has to do with you and your farms, Thorn said.
Thats the rub. The wording of the law requiring these expensive hard rubber hoses was open enough that the law applies even to our irrigation hoses out here on the farms. And while the lawyers and the government officials have been giving themselves grant money to make the switch to the more expensive hoses, on account of how theyre better serving the city by being more environmentally sound, the farmers are not. We have to pay for thousands of feet of expensive and inefficient hosing. And not only are these hoses expensive, theyre also much smaller than what our needs require for moving large quantities of water to our crops.
Thorn noted Josh Varicks nonchalance with relating these events, compared to the boiling anger he had seen in Mr. Pith, and remarked about it. You seem pretty blas about it. I thought Mr. Pith was going to kill that pale green this morning and you hardly even seem worked up.
Josh Varick laughed. Thats because Im used to how the game works. Ive got a lawsuit filed with an injunction to prevent seizure of my lands and property for my noncompliance. Of course the suit has no hope of going anywhere, but thats not the point. Were capable of producing a great deal of food here in this crescent, and its only a matter of time before one of the trade caravans starts putting some pressure to the Webster Grove government to rescind some of these silly regulations. And I dont doubt that Mr. Pith and the pale green were almost at blows. Lets just say that public opinion, at the moment, is quite sour with regards to our government. But you didnt come here to listen to me complain about our troubles. Why are you here, Thorn?
Im a bounty hunter and Im looking into sightings of a new gang. They wear yellow and ride dune bikes, I understand you were attacked by them a few weeks ago?
The Varicks teenaged son, Eli, had been visibly bored while his father talked about legal matters, but he perked up when Thorn mentioned the gang.
Last week, to be precise, Josh said. They stole some of our food and burned one of our fields. Its a nuisance, but its nothing to be too upset over. We didnt have that much food put away to begin with, and the field they burnt was fallow. Why are you looking for them?
Im looking for a friends son who might have joined them.
Then Im sorry I couldnt have been any more help.
Sure, its no problem, Thorn said and shook Josh Varicks hand. He glanced at Eli as he got up because it was clear by his sudden interest that he knew more than his father. Thanks for the coffee and biscuits.
Thorn drove down the path a ways out of sight where he stopped his engine and doubled back on foot. From his reaction at hearing them mentioned Thorn suspected that Eli Varick knew something about the gang. He was a teenaged boy, the perfect age for the gang to attempt to recruit. Even if he hadnt been approached directly, perhaps he knew someone who had. Thorn had spotted a tree house on the far side of the field and figured it was only a matter of time before the kid came out here. So Thorn waited.
As the sun began sinking lower in the sky Thorn realized that he was in danger of missing supper with the Piths. After three days of traveling he had been looking forward to an old-fashioned farmers dinner. He still had some traveling rations in his buggy so he wouldnt go hungry, but he had been living off of them for the past three days and they really didnt hold much appeal in the first place.
The sun was half-set when Thorn heard movement. He crouched and watched as Eli Varick came around the corner of the field, swinging a stick like it was a sword. There was a post with a sack cloth man stuck to it which Thorn had just taken to be a scarecrow. Apparently it was more than that, however, as Eli began attacking it with the stick, shouting curses and profanities as he struck blow after blow upon it.
Keep your feet a little wider, Thorn said as he stepped out from behind the tree. Youll be pushed off balance too easily.
Eli stopped and stood straight, holding the stick out in a threatening manner.
Youre the bounty hunter, he said after eyeing Thorn up and down.
And your strikes are too wide. You dont want to put that much force behind a stroke unless youre certain its a killing blow.
Maybe I want to strike a killing blow.
You upset about something?
Whats it to you?
Look, I just wanted to ask you a few questions.
So if youre such an expert fighter you wouldnt mind if I attacked you with this stick?
I think Id mind that.
Eli stepped forward suddenly and swung the stick. It was very well telegraphed and Thorn had no problem side-stepping it. He was a little surprised by the viciousness of the attack. Eli Varick was more than just a little upset about something.
What are you--?
Eli turned and assaulted Thorn again, bringing the stick down for another wide swing. Thorn stepped into him this time, circling his hand around Elis wrist and disarming him. Thorn held him fast, preventing Eli from moving despite how much he struggled.
What is your problem, kid?
Eli answered by sinking his teeth into Thorns forearm, forcing Thorn to throw him to the ground. Eli wiped his mouth and looked ready to pounce again. Thorn hadnt wanted to hurt the kid but after getting his arm bitten he was having serious second thoughts.
Eli read the look in his eyes and said, Yeah, go ahead and hit me. Youre a big man, why dont you go ahead and hit a kid, huh?
You are trying my patience, kid.
Im not the one invading your space. This is my tree house. What would my dad do if he knew you were here?
Hed probably just try to sue me.
Eli laughed. Youre right. My dads a wuss. Hes exactly the kind of person whos going to be crushed under the revolution.
What revolution? What are you talking about?
You probably will be too. Big tough man, well see how tough you are when we come for you. Only the strongest will survive.
When Eli bent to pick up his stick Thorn spotted a dark yellow piece of cloth tucked into the back of his pants. He deftly snatched it.
Hey, thats mine!
Thorn unwadded the piece of cloth to find it was an amber bandana sporting a pair of black skeletal hands on it. Eli went to snatch it back but Thorn parried, sending the teenager to the ground again.
You have been in contact with the gang, Thorn said.
Thats mine! Give it to me! Eli was enraged again, grabbing and swinging as Thorn kept him at an arms length.
Kid, if only the strong are going to survive this revolution, that doesnt bode very well for you, does it?
Eli stopped and glared at Thorn. Im strong enough.
Really? Because from what Ive seen youre an even bigger wuss than your dad. I dont think youve got what it takes to make it in a gang like this.
Eli was boiling. His fists were clenched on his stick so tightly the knuckles were white. And what do you know about the Amber Bones Gang? Theyd never let someone as old as you join.
The Amber Bones Gang, huh? And they only let teenagers join, is that it? Sounds like a bunch of narcissistic kids taking out their frustration at their parents, if you ask me.
Theyre warriors and we have to prove ourselves before were allowed initiation. But someone like you wouldnt understand that.
Someone like me? Someone who just kicked your butt?
Eli yelled and charged. Thorn popped him on the head and sent him to the ground again.
If your leader is as weak as you, I dont think these people have anything to worry about from your revolution.
Eli had turned to charge again. If nothing else, Thorn had to give him credit for tenacity. But he stopped the moment Thorn mentioned their leader. Elis face turned white as a sheet.
He is going to destroy you. You cant fight the dead. And when they march over these lands, freeing everyone from their shackles, it will be a glorious revolution. And Im going to be there to see him grind your skull into the dirt.
Before Thorn could respond they were both arrested by the sound of Elis mother calling for him. The sun had set and they were staring each other down in near total darkness.
Eli, Im not going to call you again, she screeched.
Eli wiped his mouth and composed himself. He glanced down at the bandana Thorn was holding.
Thorn held it out slightly, just enough to make Eli reach for it. He grabbed it and then ran in the direction of the house, casting one last spiteful glance over his shoulder before disappearing around the corner of the field.
He may not have been a willing interrogation subject, but he had unwittingly given Thorn enough information to mull over.


12

Thorn had a few leads he wanted to follow in town, but for the moment he didnt want to leave the avenue that had unexpectedly opened up for him on this side of the river. He now had a name to go with the gang: the Amber Bones, and he had eyes on someone who had been in contact with them, at least insofar as they had given him a bandana. If Eli could lead Thorn to the gang then he could wrap this whole thing up tonight.
He found a decent vantage point from where he could watch Elis bedroom and remained there for most of the night. Josh and his wife Marie argued constantly. She despised living on the farm and blamed her husband for their loss of status in Bradenfield. She accused him of having been intentionally fired, and of having nowhere else left to turn besides his brothers farm. In his turn, he accused her of never supporting him, of constantly sabotaging him and undermining everything he did so he was guaranteed to fail.
Thorn grew so frustrated with their constant arguing that he removed himself from his vantage point and took up another further away, so their voices only carried to him in muffled shouts. He thought that it was no wonder Eli had been so aggressive. Thorn felt a little guilty for taunting him the way he did. If Scott Tannings home life had been this bad Thorn understood the allure of joining a gang where he could feel important. He didnt know what to make of Elis talk of a revolution, but it was probably just kids being kids, wanting to feel like they were a part of something bigger than themselves, wanting to get back at their parents for a frustrated and ruined childhood.
After several hours Thorn again dug into his traveling rations. Nothing happened all night. Eli never left his room and he was never visited by other members of the gang. It was well before dawn when Thorn made his way back to the Pith farm tired and bored. He went into the loft and got a few hours of sleep in.
His internal clock wouldnt allow him to sleep much beyond sunrise, despite how tired he was. Besides, he could see smoke coming out of the Piths chimney, which meant that breakfast was not going to be long in coming. He was starved and the thought of a good breakfast almost made up for the supper hed missed the night before.
He was not disappointed. Despite the meagerness of the current crop, Mrs. Pith laid an outstanding breakfast table. Thorn helped himself to eggs, bacon, hotcakes and syrup, hominy, fried potatoes, and plenty of coffee.
We missed you at dinner last night, Mr. Pith said.
Youre wearing the same thing you were yesterday. Did you even get any sleep? Mrs. Pith asked.
A little. I apologize for missing supper. If it was anything like this outstanding breakfast, then I really missed out.
Mrs. Pith smiled at the compliment.
Well theres no supper tonight. Were having a meeting with the other farming families at the Varicks. Airing some of our grievances. Youre welcome to attend if it suits you.
The last thing Thorn wanted to do was sit around listening to a bunch of farmers airing their grievances, especially after listening to the Varicks fight all night. Id love to but, um, Ill probably be busy running down more leads.
Suit yourself. I thought it might give you an opportunity to speak with some of the other farmers about that gang youre chasing. Its one of the topics of debate, what with them attacking our farms and the pale greens doing nothing to stop them.
Thorn stopped chewing for a moment because Mr. Pith was right. It would be a great opportunity to speak with some of the other farmers. If Eli Varick had been approached by the gang, it stood to reason that other teenagers had as well. Either they or their parents might know something that could point him in the right direction, and having them all in one place would save him the trouble of running all over town to speak with them.
I guess I might find some time, Thorn said.
Whether you do or you dont, itll be at the Varicks this evening at six oclock. Everyones bringing a dish, so therell be food at the least.
In that case I wouldnt want to miss it. Ive got a few things I want to check on in town first.
If youre going into town youd best walk because that buggy of yours will be cited a dozen times over the moment you cross the Foamingwake Bridge. Our government is useless if not for collecting fines and taxes.
Thorn didnt mind stretching his legs, and he certainly didnt mind leaving behind the clunking old hunk to walk over the Foamingwake Bridge to the eastern side of Webster Grove. He could see the stone buildings rising on the other side of the river as he came near the top of the bridge. It was a stark contrast to the rustic plains behind him.
The zenith of the Foamingwake Bridge offered a breathtaking view of the Old Foss and the floodplain in which Webster Grove had been built with the great river snaking its way off to the north and the south. The narrow bend around which the town had arisen was conspicuous from up here. Despite the man-made drought, the land on which the farmers lived, at least from up here, looked like a green half-moon. On the other side there was no greenery anywhere. The pine grove for which the town was named had been sacrificed early on to build the piers and warehouses that lined the river, as well as the boats and ferries that sailed upon it. Immediately on the other side of the bridge was the docks district, the most important feature of the town. Countless piers jutted into the river to accommodate the robust shipping industry that provided Webster Grove with the majority of its economic windfall. Beyond the docks district the wooden buildings gave way to tall buildings made from stone.
Originally a ferry boat was sufficient to carry people back and forth across the river, but as trade exploded and people pushed westward the necessity of a bridge became paramount. Tad Webster himself had designed the bridge to span the Old Foss, and though the original had collapsed and taken with it an entire caravan of settlers, Tad Webster learned from his mistakes and designed a stronger, sturdier bridge which continues to serve the people of Webster Grove to this day. He also designed the lock system to accommodate the large barges that needed to sail under it. Most of the river boats were short and flat, and were perfectly capable of navigating under the bridge. Tad Webster, however, was a visionary, and foresaw his town becoming one of the wealthiest in the Free Lands, and the jewel of the west, and believed that someday the Old Foss would be sailed by bigger and bigger boats. He financed the entire project out of his own not inconsiderable wealth, and maintained it by tolls paid by those who made use of the lock.
After Webster died childless the bridge passed into the citys hands, and they wasted no time in first increasing the toll for the lock, and then instituting a toll for any boat that passed under the bridge. The shipping companies had been designing their barges to be wider and flatter, so they would not have need of using the lock and this practice was seized upon by the Webster Grove government as they pushed for the bridge toll, citing that these shipping companies were using sleazy tactics and going to extreme measures to avoid paying what was, to them, a tiny toll. They did not have difficulty in bending public will against the shipping companies.
Like most governments that get a taste of money and power, only to devolve into a feeding frenzy over it, it was not long before Webster Grove began charging a toll on anyone who used the bridge at all. They saw the flux of people moving west and wanted a piece of it, above and beyond what their passage through the town meant for the local economies. This made it prohibitive for farmers to do business in the town proper at all, as they had to pay the toll going both ways, and it was this act which first cemented the personality of the towns two disparate halves.
Most of the people who worked on the barges and piers were up from Level Shore, which was a pirate town and had the reputation for existing in a state of civilized anarchy. Level Shore lacked a strong central government, and so the various factions vying for control staged a coup every so many years. And the people backed which ever faction promised the best opportunities for themselves at the moment. It was nothing for the pier workers of Webster Grove to speak of and foster a revolution in response to the excessive taxation, and the town went through a very difficult period of civil unrest as each successive cadre of leaders was thrown out on their rears.
This period of unrest lasted until Fred Mallory was elected mayor, running on the platform of eliminating the bridge tax for everyone. Unlike most politicians running for office, he actually fulfilled his promise. Just like most politicians running for office, however, he did not tell the whole story of his plan. He made up for the lost revenue by instituting a property tax on all privately-held land. His reasoning was that the shipping companies had been using nefarious means to circumvent the bridge tax, including land shipping and smuggling, and that by taxing all privately-held properties he was forcing them to pay their fair share. Of course, this share fell hardest on the farmers and the citizens who now had to pay an exorbitant amount of money just to keep the land they already owned.
And Fred Mallory was not forthright on another point. He was heavily backed by the L & D Shipping Company, which had been for some time quietly selling off their privately-held assets and moving into publicly-held warehouses, the use for which they paid a small fee to the city and bypassed the property taxes altogether. Len Dietrich the Second had formulated this plan and had paid what was necessary to get Fred Mallory elected. The result was that their competition simply could not compete, and within a few years L & D had established a monopoly over not only the town of Webster Grove, but the entire shipping lane that was the Old Foss.
For his part, Fred Mallory embezzled large sums of money from the city. He wanted to build himself a palace made entirely of marble, but settled, for the time being, on building giant mermaid statues at each end of the Foamingwake Bridge. The project ran massively over budget and in his desperation to leave his permanent mark on the town Mallory began seeking other sources of money, including stealing from the very company that had gotten him elected in the first place.
The mermaids were never completed. They continue to stand as giant misshapen hunks of marble at either end of the bridge and are referred to derisively as Mallorys Mermaids. As for Fred Mallory, he disappeared one day and was never heard from again. His disappearance gave rise to no shortage of folktales and stories to explain it, as well as the occasional person who comes forward claiming to have knowledge of his whereabouts, or with claims of having seen him alive and living in a distant part of the province. A few people have claimed to have seen his ghost sobbing under the moonlight shadow of his mermaid statues late at night, giving rise to the notion that he was done in by Len Dietrich the Second for his betrayal, and dumped in the river.
The river was active today as Thorn crossed the Foamingwake Bridge with barges, most of them colored with the red and gold emblem of the L & D Shipping Company, sailing up and down the river. The sound of water being suctioned into or out of the lock provided a strong undercurrent of sound to the wharf and buoy bells, conversations and music wafting from the many riverside pubs, and the creaking of ropes as wooden cranes loaded the boats with cargo.
Thorn walked under the morning shadow of Mallorys Mermaids as he came onto the wharf. Every building was either a pub or an L & D Shipping warehouse. Some of these pubs were already quite rowdy even in the early morning. They were packed twenty-four hours a day as the stream of sailors arrived with their cargo and their pay burning holes in their pockets at all hours.
Thorn began to think that maybe Marshal Wolcott had been right. L & D Shipping was the only company getting attacked by the Amber Bones because they were the only shipping company in town. Or in the whole province, by the looks of it. He thought that his time would probably be better spent watching Eli Varick, as he was the only person Thorn had encountered so far who had been in direct contact with the gang, but the truth was that Thorn was bored. He hated long stake outs and when the job required them he usually found a different job. Thorn didnt have the attention span or the patience for it. He wanted to be in the middle of things, and a rowdy saloon was the perfect place to work out some of his boredom. With any luck thered be a fight and hed get to bust some heads.
Thorn found a saloon that seemed particularly busy and ordered a drink while he mingled with the wharf workers. He pretended to be a drifter looking for work on the river and was liberal with buying drinks for everyone to get them talking about L & D Shipping.
After an hour or two Thorn had acquired a lot of knowledge but very little of it was of much use to him. He could recite the towns political history and the rise of L & D Shipping, two subjects that were inextricably entwined. The workers both loved and reviled the shipping company, as it was the hand that fed them, but also the hand that worked them to the bone.
The pay is good, thats for sure, but they treat us like ants, one of the sailors remarked to Thorn. Like worker ants, right? Like youre not a person and your labor belongs to them. And then when theyre done with you youre tossed aside for the next willing body.
While the sailors and dock workers had a mixed helping of loving and loathing for the company they worked for, they were unanimous in their hatred for the local government. As most of them were from Level Shore they spoke openly about revolution, about toppling the government and instituting someone that would help reign in the excesses of the L & D Shipping Company. They seemed to be operating under the belief that if they simply keep replacing the towns leadership, eventually theyd get someone that would do things the right way. Thorn found that no two people, however, were in agreement on what the right way was, and conversations about the subject usually devolved into arguments, and from there into fist fights. The saloons seemed to have taken a hands-off approach to the inevitable fist fights that broke out. It took Thorn a little while to put his finger on what was so odd about these saloons, but after watching his first fight he figured it out. They did not have any furniture, and those tables they did have were bolted to the floor. This was not only to prevent grave injury on the part of the fighters, but to prevent the saloon owners from having to replace chairs every time a new barge came in. Drinks were served in tin cups that, while being heavily dented in some cases, were not prone to shattering as a glass or ceramic mug would be.
The endless discussions of political struggles bored Thorn. He didnt feel that any of it applied to him since he lived as far west as he could in a place that was mostly untouched by the Bradenfield or, for that matter, the Webster Grove, political structure. The quarrels of the workers seemed petty and small, although he enjoyed them a great deal more when they devolved into fist fights, because those were something he enjoyed very much.
After a while Thorn realized that he was just wasting time. No one in there knew anything about Brad Hadlik or the Amber Bones. He had made his way through many of the bars along the wharf, had bought countless drinks, and was feeling quite tipsy himself when he stepped outside for some air and to refocus on his mission. He discovered to his chagrin that he had blown through the money hed allotted for the job and he was now completely broke. Thorn had never been very good with managing money. It slipped through his fingers faster than water.
As Thorn was looking out over the wharf and the river, his eyes followed a train of cargo that, having been unloaded from the barges, was sent up the wharf to be loaded onto a horse-drawn wagon. These wagons were each lined up under a sign that labeled its destination. Once a wagon was full it departed and another took its place.
Of course thats where he needed to be. Thorn shook his head in amazement at his own ineptitude as he went up the wharf to where the overland shipping wagons were being loaded. At least, he thought to himself, the rum on his breath would help sell his disguise as a vagrant looking for work.
Thorn found a group of workers that were taking a break and sidled up next to them as he waited for a way into their conversation. They were friendly. In fact, and despite the frequent fist fights in the saloons, Thorn had found most of the dock workers to be quite open and friendly. The fights were just a matter of course, and a matter of settling difficult political arguments. There hadnt been any true malice behind any of them.
What does a fellow need to do to find some work around here? Thorn asked.
If you aint found work its because you aint looking, replied one of the workers.
Head on up the wharf and youll find the hiring station. Theyre always willing to pay you a few dollars for a shift of unloading cargo or mopping the decks. You dont even need a reference.
Ive gotten myself into a bit of trouble with gambling, Thorn said, and I was hoping to make a bit more than a few bucks. What about driving one of those wagons? That pay good?
You aint gonna get into a driving job, one of the workers replied.
Ive heard they might have a place for people who were willing to bend the rules a little bit. You know, make a little extra on the side for carrying a little extra on the side.
The workers exchanged uneasy glances. Youre talking about smuggling?
Thorn nodded.
We dont know nothing about that.
Of course, Thorn said quickly. I didnt mean to imply. Im just a little desperate is all. But its kind of dangerous work, isnt it? Didnt I just hear of someone getting attacked a few days ago?
Thats why they hand-pick their drivers. On account of the danger. You never know when some bandits are gonna attack.
Youre not talking about Brad Hadlik are you? asked a different worker.
The other workers exchanged uneasy glances again.
What do you know about that?
Nothing, nothing, Thorn said quickly. It was always such a delicate dance, trying to ask his questions without seeming like thats all he wanted, and while he liked to think that he was good at it, the truth is that he wasnt. And thats why he usually bought lots of drinks for everyone. Its just they were talking about it in the saloon when I asked if I could get a driving job. They said the ghost of Court Raleigh got him. That kind of stuff gives me the shivers, but Id be willing to risk it if the pay is good.
Court Raleigh is just an old folk tale, the worker said, although the color had drained out of his face. Youd best be concerned about real threats like pirates.
Well, something got him, said another worker, and it wasnt no pirate. And whatever it was has got the drivers spooked. Ive seen full-grown men flatly refuse to drive west at night.
It wasnt no ghost, said the first worker. That land out there is lonely, hard territory to cross and Brad Hadlik had a mental breakdown. Thats all there is to it. Thats why they got him under observation at the hospital.
No, they put him under guard so he couldnt get out and tell the rest of us the truth. Theyre sweeping the whole thing under the rug.
What did the pale greens say? Thorn asked.
At least on this point the workers were in agreement as they harrumphed audibly.
Pale greens are useless. Besides, Len Dietrich owns this town. Hes got his own private police force and nothing happens here that he doesnt know about. If he wants this matter hushed up, then its hushed up and youd be better off if you stopped asking so many questions.
An eruption of noise from one of the saloons arrested their attention and prevented Thorn from answering. A man wearing nothing but long johns had burst out of the upper window and had crashed to the wharf below. If he had sustained any injuries he didnt show it as he popped to his feet and began running up the wharf. A couple of men leaned out the window, pointing to him before disappearing quickly back inside.
Bar fights, one of the workers said derisively, although by the look of him he had seen a few himself.
Sailors from Level Shore have no respect for anything, said another, and they all nodded.
As the man ran up the wharf towards them, Thorn was surprised to see that he knew him.
Jol? Thorn said. Jol Levey?
Jol stopped, blinking a few times as though he were too drunk to focus. The two men from the window burst out the front of the saloon and continued their pursuit, drawing a furtive and frightened glance from Jol as he tried to focus on Thorn.
Thorn? Thorn, youve got to help me. He began clawing at Thorns shirt. He reeked of rum, his hair was an unkempt mess, and his long johns had stains all over them.
Last time I saw you, I was hired by a debt collector to bring you in. What kind of trouble have you gotten yourself into now?
Theyre going to hurt me, please!
Jol gave a startled cry as the two men closed the distance. Jol cowered behind Thorns broad shoulders as they drew nigh.
The two men looked from Jol to Thorn and back again. Are we going to have a problem here?
Although he didnt know them, Thorn recognized them as bounty hunters. The workers with whom Thorn had been speaking were standing uneasily nearby in case things got rough. They werent entirely sure whose side they were on, but they were ready to bust some heads nonetheless, if things went in that direction.
What do you want this man for? Thorn asked.
Thats none of your concern, said one of the bounty hunters.
How much are you getting for him?
The bounty hunters exchanged glances. One of them had been stepping lightly to the side so as to have Thorn flanked should there be any trouble. Thorn stepped back, bumping into Jol and pushing him back as well.
Five bucks, said the bounty hunter.
He hardly seems worth the effort, Thorn said, for just five bucks.
Please, Thorn, youve got to help me, Jol whimpered. You dont know what theyre going to do to me. You have to help me!
I have to do exactly nothing, Thorn said over his shoulder. Ive hunted you down before for your gambling problem, no different than these fellows. My guess is youve gotten yourself in debt again and thats none of my business. If I thought you were worth it Id beat these two into submission and bring you in myself.
Jol made a frightened cry and began backing up.
Thorn actually was considering taking out these two bounty hunters and delivering Jol himself. He could use the money after blowing it all in the saloons on a pointless investigation. Ultimately he decided against it. He already had a job to worry about, and he knew from experience that working for debt collectors was more trouble than it was worth. He wasnt going to hinder these bounty hunters, but he wasnt going to stand aside either.
They kept a wary eye on Thorn as they advanced around him. When Thorn didnt make a move they broke into a sprint, and caught one of Jols feet just as he was jumping off the wharf for the river below. He began screeching and kicking, shouting, This is on your head, Thorn! This is on your head!
It took both of them to wrestle him down to the point that they could bind his arms and shove a gag in his mouth. He was still kicking as they hauled him away.
The workers with whom Thorn had been talking were eyeing him harshly after everything quieted back down.
Youre not really looking for work, are you? one of them asked.
Thorn shook his head. No, Ive got a job and youve been very helpful. Just tell me where the L & D headquarters are.
You aint getting in to see Mr. Dietrich, if thats what youre after.
Thats my problem.
Len Dietrich Way, answered another of the workers.
Thorn didnt understand him, and thought that he had said that Len Dietrich was away. Excuse me?
Len Dietrich Way, he repeated. Its the name of the road. Most everything here is named for him in some way or other.
I see, Thorn said.
If Thorn wasnt broke he would have thrown them a dollar. As it was he merely departed and made his way into town.


13

As he passed from the docks district to the town proper, Thorn again had the feeling that he was stepping into another town altogether. As he walked the paved thoroughfares he came to realize what the worker had meant when he said that most everything here was named for Len Dietrich. His name was on everything. Thorn passed the Len Dietrich Public Gardens, the Len Dietrich Public Library, the Len Dietrich Gallery of Arts, the Len Dietrich Public Sanitation Services, the Len Dietrich Sporting Arena, and the Len Dietrich Amphitheater for the Performing Arts. And the street names were no different. Thorn passed Len Dietrich Place, Len Dietrich Park, Len Dietrich First Street, and so on. With so many similar names he began walking in circles questioning if he had passed the one he wanted.
Thorn also noted that the presence of pale greens was tempered by Len Dietrichs own private police force. They wore red uniforms of the same style as the pale greens, so people would recognize them as authority, but instead of a badge they bore the L & D Shipping logo on their breast.
Thorn had to admit that he had underestimated the amount of money and influence that Len Dietrich held over this town, and by proxy all of the province, since it was his shipping company that moved goods between consumers and the powerful trade caravans. It had been a few years since Thorn had been in a big town, and even then he had never spent much time east of the Old Foss. He had spent a number of years in Level Shore, although that citys unique political structure hardly put it in the same category as a town like Webster Grove or a city like Bradenfield.
Thorn began to think that with any luck he could appeal to Len Dietrich to hire him to track down the gang behind the attacks on his shipments. He probably didnt have much hope, seeing as how Len Dietrich had a private police force and near limitless resources at his command, but it didnt hurt to ask and make himself available. If Len Dietrich suspected someone in his company of collusion with the gang, then there was a good chance he would need outside help. And since Thorn was tracking down the gang anyway, he certainly wouldnt turn down some extra pay.
He finally found Len Dietrich Way as it cut through the Len Dietrich Public Gardens in a sweeping curve that led to a single building. It was the tallest building in town, and outside of Collective City, the tallest single building Thorn had ever seen. A gated driveway peeled off from Len Dietrich Way and led to the front door. Two guards stood at the gate and watched Thorn with suspicious eyes. Even though he didnt need the extra confirmation that he was in the right place, a copper plate by the gate read, L & D Shipping Headquarters, Offices, &c.
Before Thorn could get a word out of his mouth the guards reinforced what he had been told at the docks: that there was no way he was getting in to see Len Dietrich the Fourth under any circumstances.
I have some information that might help him out Thorn said.
We dont care; youre not getting in here. If youre looking for work the docks are that way.
Well, can I talk to somebody in charge?
Thorn was feeling more than a little tipsy after drinking all morning, and he was not thinking as clearly as he should have been. He attempted to walk past the guards and press his face against the gate. He didnt really know what he was doing here in the first place. He didnt have much of a hope getting Len Dietrich to hire him. Hed be much better off trying to get in to see Brad Hadlik at the hospital, because he, at least, had been an eye-witness to the attack and the Amber Bones Gang. But now that he was here, and now that the guards were standing in his way, the task of getting in to see Len Dietrich became a personal challenge to him.
One of the guards put a hand on Thorns shoulder to pull him away from the gate and, in a move that he would regret in a matter of seconds, Thorn turned and punched him.
Things were escalating more quickly than Thorn wanted. He didnt want to get into a fight. He was here looking for a job. He had thrown that punch as a reflex from being grabbed, but now it was too late to take it back.
The guard was staggered but he wasnt laid out. The other one charged Thorns midsection with his shoulder. Thorn rolled with the momentum, hooking the guards arms and flipping him over as they fell, landing hard on top. Thorn was up at once with a punch to the first guard, this time with enough bite behind it to lay the man out. Then he finished up with a chokehold on the guard struggling to his feet.
The whole scuffle was over in less than twenty seconds, but Thorn knew that it didnt take very long to screw up. And he had screwed up. But he was already committed to this course of action, so he ran with it. Thorn began hammering on the gate and demanding to speak with Len Dietrich. He was not surprised to see a stream of guards come out of the main building. They had probably been alerted the moment he threw that first punch.
There was nothing he could do about it now. They flowed through a security door in the wall by the gate and quickly had him surrounded.
If you come quietly, nobody has to get hurt, one of them said.
Youre taking me to your boss?
We are going to escort you to the edge of town. Nobody has to get hurt here.
Thats not going to work for me, Thorn said.
He didnt wait for them to try and take him. Thorn made the first move, picking the guard that looked to be the easiest target. Thorn turned, suddenly, and charged, knocking the man down.
The others were quick to move. They were well-trained and within moments had Thorn pinned. But Thorn was not going to go quietly. He thrashed and kicked and bit and made such a fuss that he was able to throw off a couple of them, free an arm, and bloody a couple of noses before they had him pinned down again.
Thorn bellowed from deep within his chest as they picked him up. They had his arms so tight he couldnt move, but his legs were still free and he fully intended to use them. But as he was hoisted to his feet, already leaning heavily on his captors so he could lift his legs up and start kicking, Thorn found himself staring down the coiled barrel of a sparker pistol.
He stopped struggling and shifted focus from the barrel to the person holding it. She was young and harsh, with short blonde hair and a pair of ice cold blue eyes over a pair of cheekbones that looked like they could cut glass. She was wearing a pair of beige slacks and a light blue wrap that hung loosely on her. Thorn could tell just by looking at her stance that she was highly trained in physical combat. Her weight was perfectly balanced and the looseness of the wrap helped to conceal a tightly-toned body.
Who are you? she demanded. Competitor? Disgruntled worker?
Thorn relaxed, which allowed the guards to get a better grip on him. There wasnt much use struggling if he was just going to get his head blown off for the effort. And this woman looked like she was perfectly capable and willing to do it.
Im looking for a job, Thorn said.
Youre not making a very good first impression.
Look, Im a bounty hunter and I can offer my services to your boss regarding a certain problem hes been having.
The woman snorted. And you thought the best way to attract his attention was by assaulting his guards and attempting to storm his offices? We dont need your help, and Im not even sure what problem youre referring to.
Thorn.
What?
My name. Its Thorn. And for somebody in my line of work, I think I made a pretty good first impression. I nearly took out your whole squad of goons, here. Theyre very well trained.
I dont care what your name is, and you would have made a better first impression if you had been able to best them. Youre lucky your guts arent spilled on the lawn. And they should be well trained, because I trained them myself.
Thorn caught a hint of a smile. Pride. Vanity. He had stroked her ego and it had produced a minute fracture in her icy demeanor.
The guards bound Thorns wrists behind his back and carried him along as he and the woman were talking. They were very rough with him, but Thorn couldnt blame them. Hed bruised and bloodied a good number of them. If he had been in their position hed be rough with his prisoner too. The woman whispered to one of the guards to check the perimeter and he led a small group of them off.
Im alone, Thorn said.
I will verify that. Your presence could easily be a distraction while you have a compatriot slip in the back.
Are you so paranoid about the safety of your boss? Whats your name by the way?
My name is Melina Bann, and its my job to be concerned with my boss safety.
They were dragging Thorn through the streets and were attracting a number of stares from the citizens.
If youre going to escort me out of town you may as well take me west. Im staying out that way.
It doesnt make any difference to me where youre staying.
But if you take me that way Ill just have to come right back in and that would kind of defeat the purpose of your throwing me out of town in the first place, wouldnt it?
Melina sighed. Very well, we shall head west. At this point Im ready to throw you in the river, anyway.
They walked in silence for a few minutes before Thorn said, So you dont have your security increased because of the Amber Bones Gang?
Thorn caught a flash of recognition in her icy blue eyes, but it was only a flash. The Amber Bones Gang is a mild nuisance at best.
Theyve attacked a number of your shipments lately.
Our shipments are attacked all the time. If its not one gang with delusions of grandeur its another.
But still, its pretty odd that theyd attack your shipments without stealing anything, right?
Melina said nothing. She kept the sparker pistol jammed into Thorns ribs as they walked, and he could feel that he was already developing a bruise there.
Or, were they stealing things? Thorn continued. Things that werent in the cargo manifest?
Even if they were its an internal matter, and will be dealt with internally. As you can see, we are not wanting for help.
They had reached the wharfs. Melina nodded at the Foamingwake Bridge and the land on the far shore. Take him over the bridge and leave him. Dont bother untying his wrists. Have someone keep an eye on him so he doesnt come back.
So are you going to pass along my proposal to your boss? Thorn called over his shoulder as the guards manhandled him to the bridge. Melina didnt give any indication that she had heard him.
The guards carried out her orders exactly, although they threw him to the ground on the other side of the bridge with extreme force. Thorn pulled himself to his feet slowly. Two guards had taken up position on this side of the bridge, and another was ostensibly following him. Thorn didnt feel like there was much he could do now. His anonymity had been blown to bits. He returned to the Pith farm to find a cutting implement he could use to get rid of his bonds, and with nowhere else to go at the moment, he retreated to the loft so he could sleep it off.
Thorn slept for several hours, judging by the position of the sun, and awoke to the sound of metal on metal hammering. He pulled himself to a sitting position on the edge of the cot and held his head in his hands. His morning activities had left his head throbbing. Not for the first time in his life he found himself wishing that he could exercise a little more control over his drinking and his eagerness to throw a punch. That incessant hammering wasnt helping his head any, either.
Thorn saw Len Dietrichs guard leaning against a tree some ways down the path, keeping a close eye on the barn. He was just the one guard, so Thorn figured he could overpower him if the need arose. Thorn didnt know what to think of L & D Shipping, or of Melina Bann, but for the moment his mouth was so dry that he found it difficult to think of anything but finding some water.
The hammering was coming from around the back of the house in intermittent bursts. Thorn followed the sound out of curiosity, but also because he had seen some rain barrels back there which would help moisten his dry tongue.
When he rounded the corner the mystery of the hammering was solved as Thorn saw that Mr. Pith was working to dismantle the pump. He was not wearing a shirt and had a long piece of cloth tied around his forehead to keep the sweat out of his eyes. From the deep tan of his back Thorn surmised that he often didnt wear a shirt when he was working on his farm. Although Mr. Pith was aged, and his skin hung loosely from his arms and stomach, he yet possessed a broad muscular frame beneath which was visible muscles rippling as he swung the hammer against the piece of metal with which he was capping the well.
Mrs. Pith was standing under the stoop of the back porch watching him. Her face was stoic. She did not acknowledge Thorns presence until after he had scooped a few handfuls of water out of the barrel and came to stand beside her.
Were going to lose the farm because of this, she said.
Thorn stayed silent because he didnt really know what to say. This was clearly an emotional moment for her, but he didnt feel it. He had never attached roots too firmly in one place, and so he couldnt fathom the pain that she and her husband were feeling for being forced from a home and a livelihood that had been in his family for generations.
I suppose well move into the city, but I dont know what well do there. Were not going to get anything for the land and we spent all of our savings trying to keep ourselves out of debt so we could continue running our farm. And now its all gone.
Thorn caught sight of the security guard watching him from around the other side of the barn. That guard was beginning to get on Thorns nerves. Every time Mr. Pith swung that hammer it felt like he was swinging against Thorns head. After standing for a few minutes with Mrs. Pith and feeling awkward because he didnt know what to say or how to comfort her, Thorn wanted to move on. It was getting late and there wasnt much he could do here for the Piths anyway. Thorn wanted to do what he should have done that morning, and that was to get in to see Brad Hadlik at the hospital, but he didnt know how difficult it was going to be to sneak back into town.
Mrs. Pith was too wrapped up in her sorrows to notice the man watching them from the other side of the barn. Thorn weighed a few ideas of how to handle this guy, but ultimately he settled on the most direct. He walked right up to him.
What do you know about the Amber Bones Gang? Thorn asked as soon as he was in shouting distance.
I know youre not getting over that bridge, the security guard answered.
He had taken up a fighting stance and was watching Thorn cautiously, but expectantly. Thorn thought it odd that he didnt have any kind of weapons on him. Usually police forces carried some kind of simple but effective weapon, like a cudgel. With the amount of money that the L & D Shipping Company was worth, Thorn thought they should all be armed with at least sparker pistols. Melina Bann had been.
Thorn leaned against the barn with his arms crossed over his chest, watching the security guard and attempting to put him at ease so hed lower his guard.
How come you dont have a weapon?
I beg your pardon.
Old Lenny doesnt think youre worth buying a weapon for? That hot woman you were taking orders from had a weapon. It wouldnt make your life easier if you had a pistol? Or at least a crossbow or a boltslinger?
We dont need a weapon, he answered, although Thorn could tell that he was getting to him. He could see it in his eyes that he was striking a nerve and playing on the mans own feelings of inferiority.
Whats your name? Thorn asked.
John Bracy, he answered.
So who trained you, then, John? You could hold your own pretty well back there.
Ms. Bann trained us and keeps us in tip-top condition.
At the end of a gun?
Its not like that.
It looked like that to me. It looked like if she snapped her fingers every one of you would be on your knees slobbering for her.
John Bracys eyes narrowed and his face flushed.
Thorn continued, And if you didnt shed shoot your kneecaps out. She seems like the kind of person to shoot your kneecaps out, doesnt she? I hope at least the pay is good. I dont think theres enough money in the Free Lands to get me to fall on my knees every time some woman with a gun snapped her fingers.
John Bracy smiled. Youre going to have to do better than that.
Thorn had wanted to bait him into taking a punch, but since it looked like that wasnt going to happen he moved on to his next plan. And that was, once again, the direct approach. Thorn had no doubt that John Bracy and Melina Bann and the rest of them were very good and well-trained fighters, but so was he. He had been trained by a little man in Level Shore that had taken Thorn under his wing when he was doing the fighting circuits down there. Thorn had a lot of heart, and could suffer a lot of pain, but he hadnt been very good with his technique. That little man had changed all that. And though he was over twice Thorns age, and half his height, Thorn had never been able to get one over on him. It was from that little man that he had learned his multitude of chokes and holds, as well as the simple beauty of leveraging a mans own body and force against him. All you needed to do was bait someone into attacking first. And there was more than one way of doing that.
Thorn took an obvious swing, allowing John Bracy to parry it. It was the counterattack he was waiting for, and he had shifted into position alongside the security guard for it. The moment he came in with a punch Thorn had him, redirecting his energy and wrapping his arms around the mans neck. Within a couple of seconds he was unconscious and sleeping like a baby.
Thorn laid him against the barn and made his way to the Foamingwake Bridge. There was still a lot of activity, as well as a lot of Bradenfield police in their pale green uniforms among the L & D private police in their red uniforms. Although he hadnt intended it Thorn had attacked the shipping companys headquarters, and they had responded as if it were a real attack. Thorn cursed himself, and not for the last time, for his lack of control and foresight. He had made his job infinitely more difficult.
Thorn found a high spot to sit so he could watch the movement across the river. It looked almost like a police state over there. The wharfs were crawling with pale greens and reds. Thorn began to think that there was little distinction between the public and private police forces in this town, as they all served the same master. And he had to assume that they all had been given his description with instructions to watch for him.
He watched them for well over an hour as he munched on his dwindling ration supply. It was just one last strip of jerky and a few nuts.
He thought back to the farmers frustration with the police, that they were never around when they needed them like, for example, when they were attacked by a gang that came riding in the night. And yet here they were swarming the town after one little incident at the L & D headquarters. The wharf workers didnt look very pleased with the situation at all. The normal fights they got into, which were usually ignored by the police, were being broken up quickly and with great force. It was something Thorn had seen all too much of in Collective City: those who were given a little bit of power over others very quickly turned to abuse of that power. And the cruelest mini-despots of all were those that rose through the ranks from the oppressed to the oppressors.
But still, Thorn couldnt help but smile to himself and feel flattered that he was still able to cause so much commotion.


14

Thorn estimated that it was getting towards six or seven oclock. The farmers were going to have their meeting, but he wasnt entirely sure that he was going to attend. As much as the allure of free food attracted him, he thought it was more important to get into that hospital so he could speak with Brad Hadlik. And more than that, he wanted to get back to the other side of the river simply because Melina Bann had forcefully exiled him over here. Thorn could feel that old spirit of competition burning within him and he was determined not to be outdone.
Getting past the pale greens wouldnt be much of a problem. In Thorns dealings with them they were usually inept and lazy, only doing the bare minimum that was required of them to continue receiving a paycheck. If they were challenged, or if their job suddenly became too demanding, they tended to be fine with taking the live and let live approach. But Len Dietrichs private police force was a different matter entirely. They were far better trained, and would be far more loyal to their employer.
Melina Bann had planted the idea of using misdirection to achieve his desired result. She had assumed that Thorns obvious and, in retrospect, idiotic display in front of the L & D headquarters was a diversion so someone could slip in the back. And it wasnt a bad idea.
As he was sitting here watching the police and the workers across the river, Thorns thoughts were frequently interrupted by the wooshing sound of the water rising and falling in the lock. Most of the barges were flat enough to fit under the bridge, and so were unimpeded on their journeys up or down the river. Some of them, whether due to their special cargo, or due to the design of the boat itself, required the use of the lock because they wouldnt fit under the bridge. The lock was a stone canal into which the barges went. The water was lowered by opening an underwater gate downstream, to the south. Workers pushed the barge along with poles against the stone bulwarks until they were safely on the other side of the bridge, at which point the underwater north gate was opened and flooded the canal back to the level of the river.
Thorn had concocted a wild idea in his mind of swimming across the Old Foss under the cover of the bridge, climbing the bulwark of the lock, setting fire to a barge that was in the canal, and then jumping off, allowing the river to carry him downstream to the wharf, where he would pull himself up and carry on with his mission while the police were distracted with the fire.
He chuckled because he knew it wasnt a very good plan at all. The river current would probably sweep him away before he even made it halfway across. And even if he did make it over there hed be dripping wet and easy to follow should anyone take the notion. But sometimes it was fun to let his mind wander in these flights of fancy. When he was telling this story later on at Nates thats how hed infiltrate the town.
As he was pondering his tale for Nates, Thorn was again reminded that the river was not the only means by which goods were shipped in and out of the town of Webster Grove. Overland shipping, though much slower, was required to reach those places where the Old Foss couldnt. Most of the overland shipping was done in the horse-drawn wagons clearly stamped with the L & D logo, and one of these wagons was coming down the path from the west right now, heading into town.
The wagon was weighted down with cargo under a heavy burlap tarp. The driver was wearing a wide-brimmed straw hat to keep the sun out of his eyes. This hat was pulled low on his head, so it also did a fine job of obscuring his vision as Thorn crept down along the roadside. He crouched behind a thicket of rough bushes until the wagon had passed, and then climbed into the back.
Before he pulled the tarp back over himself, Thorn noticed that the crates were labeled as carrying hops from Crooked Crag. Thorn had to laugh because he could not think of himself in better company.
The transition onto the bridge was jarring and Thorn nearly rolled out. He had to brace himself against the inner walls of the wagon, and kept his muscles tight as he was bounced uncomfortably over the heavy paving stones. The hops never moved, as their housing crates had been well secured.
From his observations on the wharf this morning Thorn had a decent idea that the wagon would be taken to an alley behind one of the warehouses on the river. There its cargo would be checked against the manifest and it would be unloaded so it could be shipped to wherever it was off to next. Thorn kept watch from under the burlap tarp to see where they were. He could not see the river from this perspective, but he could see the white bridge and the wharf falling away behind them.
The driver turned down the road behind the warehouses. Thorn waited a couple of seconds, took a deep breath, and slid off the back of the wagon. It was getting late and the shadows from the buildings were long upon the road. There were still plenty of workers around, but Thorn had not been seen. The shadows had concealed him, and would continue to do so until the street lamps were lit. Thorn felt light and giddy that he had infiltrated the town so easily. It felt good not to have charged in and banged his head against a wall for once. The wagon continued down the alley towards an open loading bay that was expecting it.
Thorn knew exactly where the Len Dietrich Public Health Care Clinic was, as he had passed it that afternoon while looking for Len Dietrich Way. Getting there was no difficulty, as he stayed in the shadows and crept along the alleys between and behind the buildings. When he came to the hospital he climbed the wall into the patients yard and entered through a back door.
Thorn found himself in a sitting room with some reading material and board games stacked on a shelf. The walls were glass to give a view of the yard through which Thorn had come, with stained glass pictures above. This wall was facing east, and Thorn imagined that in the mornings, when the sun was rising, it was a spectacular view through these windows. A couple patients were playing sticks together at one of the tables. They looked up as Thorn entered, but didnt give him any further acknowledgement as they returned to their game.
Thorn usually hated hospitals and doctors, but this one didnt feel like a hospital to him at all. It had a stone floor and wood paneled walls decorated with tasteful art. As he moved from the sitting room through a hallway he heard and followed the soft tinkling of water. Entering into a large open-air atrium, he found the source of the sound was a fountain. It had a stone work-up of a man Thorn suspected was Len Dietrich, or at least one of the Len Dietrichs since there were, apparently, four of them, surrounded by sylvan sprites pouring out water from gourds. Around the fountain grew a well-tended garden with lots of flowering plants. The whole display, while catering to the ego of the man whose name was over the door, yet provided a very happy and natural feeling that Thorn didnt doubt aided in the recovery of the patients here.
From the atrium branched five hallways. Having entered through the east at the back of the hospital, Thorn suspected that the western hallway would lead to the front entrance, so that left two hallways to the north, and two to the south. With no way of knowing which was the correct one, Thorn picked the northwest hallway at random, determining to work his way through them in a clockwise direction. He was not far before the sounds of plates and cooking told him that this was the wrong one. He returned to the atrium and was heading for the northeast hallway when someone accosted him.
Who are you? she demanded. It was a nurse coming from the front.
The sudden accusation in the otherwise tranquil room gave Thorn a bit of a start, but he recovered himself quickly.
Im looking for my, um, my friend, who was brought in a few days ago. Bradly Hadlik.
Thorn had no idea if he went by the name Bradly, but he thought it leant familiarity and perhaps a touch of integrity to his ad-libbed cover story.
The nurses face turned a touch paler and she stuttered his name. BBrad Hadlik? Im sorry, but no visitors are allowed in the mental ward at this time of night.
The mental ward? Thorn asked.
The nurse flicked her eyes to the southwest hallway. But Ms. Bann left instructions that no one was to see that particular patient at all. What was your name again?
Um Thorn began, but he was cut off by a commotion from the front room.
I need some help in here! yelled another nurse as she and a doctor burst into the atrium carrying a man on a gurney.
The nurse with whom Thorn had been speaking did not hesitate at the call. She was quickly at the mans side taking his vitals as they rolled him into the northeast hallway. Thorn caught a glimpse of the mans face as he was rolled past. He looked bad, like he had been beaten near to death. Thorn was not surprised at all to find that he recognized the man. It was Jol Levey from earlier in the day.
They found him in the river, the second nurse was saying. Hes lucky to be alive.
Thorn knew from painful experience that loan sharks could be extraordinarily cruel when they didnt get what they wanted. Thorn didnt feel any kind of remorse or responsibility for Jols current condition, even though he had been in a position to put a stop to it earlier in the day. Thorn had seen the kind of desperation in Jols eyes before, and he had been fooled by them into compassion while he was working for a loan shark in Level Shore. The thing about people like Jol is that theyd promise you the world. Theyd beg and plead and make themselves look just as miserable and pathetic as you wanted. Then theyd stab you in the back and crawl over your corpse to go right back to their old habits. And no matter how badly they had beaten him up today, Thorn had no doubt whatsoever that Jol would be right back in that same predicament in a month or two. Probably sooner.
But Thorn did greatly appreciate the distraction.
He started down the hall that the nurse had unintentionally acknowledged as the mental wing but did an abrupt about-face as he found a couple of Len Dietrichs private police standing outside of one of the rooms. Thorn surmised that one had to be the one he was looking for. He wondered why Brad Hadlik would require so much security. Was it for his own protection? Or was it to prevent him from talking?
The police hadnt seen him, thankfully, but there was no way he was getting into that room without going through them. But perhaps he didnt need to. Thorn leaned into the hallway far enough to get a general idea of how far down that room was. It was the fifth room. Shouldnt be too difficult to find from the outside.
The nurse had returned to her station at the front of the hospital. She gave Thorn a narrow glare as he passed, and Thorn returned it with a grin as he walked out the front door.
Once he was out of view of the windows he crept along the side of the hospital and began counting rooms. The sun had gone down by now and the street lamps had been lit. There were lamps at the corners of the hospital, but none along this stretch of wall, so Thorn was able to enjoy complete stealth.
As he was counting rooms he discovered a new dilemma. On this side of the building, which was the mental wing, the windows all had bars on them. So he wasnt getting in this way, either. But, perhaps, he could still ask Brad Hadlik some questions.
Thorn found the fifth room and peered through it. The rooms seemed to be as comfortable as the rest of the hospital. They had the same stone floor and wood paneling, with a thick rug, a comfortable-looking bed, and a writing desk and chair with a crystal-powered lamp. Brad Hadlik, if that was indeed him, was reclining on the bed with the lamp turned down low. He had a washcloth over his eyes as though he were suffering from a migraine.
Thorn tapped on the window. When he didnt get a response he tapped again, a little harder. He was afraid that Brad Hadlik was asleep, and he didnt want to rap any harder than he had for fear of alerting the guards to his presence.
He reached through the bars and attempted to lift the window. It was awkward at this angle, but it wasnt locked and soon slid up enough for Thorn to be able to speak through it.
Psst! he called in an audible whisper. Brad! Wake up!
Brad began to stir, but he didnt awaken, so Thorn called again, this time more loudly.
Brad jumped upright in the bed. The cloth fell from his face, which was as white as the sheets on which he was lying.
Who is there?
I just wanted to, Thorn began, but Brad cut him off.
Its you! Its Court Raleigh; youve found me! Youve come to finish me off!
Brad was getting loud.
Thorn said quickly, No Im not. Im a bounty hunter and I just want to ask you a few questions.
Help! Help! Brad shrieked.
The two policemen stepped into the room, looking around for what had upset their ward.
Its Court Raleigh! Hes found me! Hes come for me like I told you he would!
The policemen exchanged glances.
Come, now, Brad, you know nobodys there. Youve been seeing yellow eyes at your window every time youve turned out the lights.
No! Hes there! Hes really there! Hes out my window! Hes come for me!
One of the policemen humored him and had a look out the window while the other one went for a doctor. Thorn ducked against the wall so he wouldnt be seen.
See, now, theres nobody there. Youve got a nice breeze coming in here and it looks like a pleasant evening.
Brad clung to the policemans shirt and said, Dont let them put me to sleep. Thats when hell get me. Please dont let them put me to sleep!
No ones going to get you, the policeman said. We wont let anyone get by us.
I had two guards with me that night, Brad shrieked. His voice kept getting higher and higher. I had two guards, armed guards, and he took them! Just as silently as the night. They had guns! I emptied an entire cartridge and it didnt do anything. Hes not real. Hes a ghost. Theres nothing you can do to fight the dead!
The other policeman returned with a doctor, who had a syringe ready. Brad Hadlik panicked at the sight of it. He shrieked and tried to climb the wall until the two policemen got their hands on him and held him down.
Now hold still, this will just take a moment, the doctor said as he emptied the contents of the syringe into Brads arm.
He continued to fight as the sedative began taking effect. The policemen had to continue holding him down as he thrashed and shrieked, The eyes! The eyes! The eyes. The eyes . . . The . . . eyes.
Soon he was mumbling in his sleep.
The doctor was shaking his head. This is one of the worst cases of shock that I have ever seen. I dont know if his mind will ever be made right.
Do you suppose he really saw something out there? one of the policemen asked.
Rubbish, the doctor responded. His mind was playing tricks with him, as it is now. Ive seen it happen to people who break and succumb to madness. It is never easy, or pretty.
The policemen nodded, but they seemed unconvinced. Their faces were ashen, and they looked positively unnerved by Hadliks shrieking. One of them stopped to close the window by the bed before they returned to their posts outside the door.
Thorn wasnt going to get anything more out of him; that much was for sure. Brad Hadliks shrieking had unnerved him as well, and the night felt a little bit colder than it had a moment ago. Suddenly the darkness in which Thorn was hiding seemed now to be hiding among it ghouls and ghosts of all sorts.
As he walked back to the road and towards the light from a lamp, Thorn thought back to the report describing the attack. He could not remember if there had been any mention of armed guards accompanying the shipment. In fact, he was sure of it. And for Brad Hadlik himself to have a sparker pistol, when Len Dietrich wouldnt even allow his personal police force to have one, spoke a great deal towards the nature of his mission that fateful night.
And Thorn disagreed with that doctor. Brad Hadlik had seen something that had just about scared him to death. Thorn didnt believe in ghosts, but Hadliks shrieking had made the hair on his neck stand up.


15

Thorn went to the Varicks farm to see if he could make the end of their meeting. He was pleased to find that the meeting hadnt broken up yet, although he was less pleased to discover how heated it was. The Varicks sitting room had been converted into an angry town hall for the evening, with the furniture having been moved into another room so they could fill the area with seats. They neednt have bothered, from what Thorn saw when he entered, because nobody was using them anyway. Everyone, it seemed, was on their feet and angrily shouting or agreeing with one of the two men at the front of the room. And those two men were Mr. Pith and Josh Varick.
Thorn slinked through the sitting room into the kitchen where he found the leftover food. There was plenty left although it was cold by this point. Most of what everyone brought was casseroles, but Thorn wasnt about to complain as he piled them onto a plate. It certainly helped to make up for the dried beef and nuts hed been living off of recently. With his plate and a fork Thorn went back into the sitting room and leaned against the wall so he could eat while watching the commotion. He had been wrong about the farmers being behind either Mr. Pith or Josh Varick. They all seemed to be firmly behind Mr. Pith, while Josh Varick stood alone.
Although the room felt crowded because of how packed with tension it was, there werent many farmers in attendance. Thorn estimated around fifteen of them, and surmised that this was all that was left. Mr. Pith was bellowing in a deep voice about how they were all going to lose their farms if they didnt do something. His face was flushed and he was slurring his words as though he had been hitting the bottle hard since he had dismantled his pump that afternoon. Josh Varick was trying to calm him and the other farmers down while making an appeal to diplomacy. He kept saying that he had a lawsuit pending that might solve their problems, but he never made it far with that argument before he was shouted down.
Mrs. Pith stood firm beside her husband, and although she didnt contribute to the shouting, her resolute presence confirmed that she supported him and would do whatever was necessary to secure the future of their farm. Josh Varicks wife, Marie, was in attendance, although she looked like she wished to be anywhere but there. Or, more precisely, she looked as though she wished that the rest of the farmers, her husband included, were anywhere but there, so she could have her sitting room restored with more than an ounce of respectability. She was also the only person in the room sitting down, and with her arms folded over her chest, her legs crossed, and her head turned away from the action, she was the very picture of aloof disengagement. Thorn didnt see their son in attendance at all, and this concerned him. If there was anyone who could provide a solid lead towards the Amber Bones Gang, it was him.
Ive spoken with a few of the workers on the docks and theyd be with us, Mr. Pith bellowed in his deep voice. How many times has Level Shore been overthrown? They have a revolution and new leadership every ten years, if that. And were afraid of causing a little ruckus here?
If you would just clam down, we can handle this in a legal manner without resorting to violence, Josh Varick said.
How can we handle this in a legal manner when the whole things stacked against us? What we need to do is throw down the whole thing and have a new legal system. One that doesnt favor the politicians, the rich, and the connected. We need one that gives us a fair shake for once.
The rest of the farmers applauded and shouted agreement with every sentence that came out of Mr. Piths mouth. Josh Varick fell into a frustrated silence as he looked around the room and at everyone against him. His gaze fell on his wife but she turned her head even further to the side to avoid looking at him.
And Ive got someone who can help, Mr. Pith said. He leveled a finger through the crowd, which parted around its intended target. Thorn nearly choked on a bite of corn casserole when he looked up to see the finger was pointing squarely at him.
Hes a bounty hunter with no love for the policies of Bradenfield, and hell help lead our revolution against them.
Whoa, hold on a second, Thorn said. I never signed on to lead anything. Im only here for the Amber Bones Gang.
A ripple of discontent spread through the farmers. The Amber Bones? What do we care for some gang when its the police and the government that are fleecing us? Theyve done some damage, but its nothing compared to what were suffering from across the river. And if we had a proper police force that protected our interests instead of stifling them, they would deal with this gang like they would any other threat to our safety.
But thats not my problem, Thorn said. I was hired to track down the Amber Bones Gang, and that is exactly what Im going to do.
Please calm down, Josh Varick said. If you would just listen to me, you wouldnt need outside help. If you want the laws changed you have to work through the system to do it. Now I have some sympathetic judges that I used to know when I worked in Bradenfield and they will listen to our complaints.
To our complaints? Mr. Pith shouted. You are not one of us and you can stop pretending to be. Youre one of those damned lawyers who keeps making our lives miserable. Why dont you go on back to Bradenfield?
Joshs wife perked up at this. It seemed to be the only thing said all night that got her attention.
I admit that I havent lived on my brothers farm as long as some of you have been living here, Josh began, but he was cut off by Mr. Pith once again.
Five generations my familys owned this farm and now its gone. Now its all gone. Everything. Gone. His voice was shaking and filled with desperation. His words were filled with so much raw emotion that the entire room went silent. It was as though he were standing there naked in front of them all. I was born in that house. Its all Ive ever known. And now its being taken from me. And its not fair. Its not fair that some lawyer gets to write a law that changes everything and puts me out of the only home Ive ever known. And our taxes are used to support this same police force thats coming over here and shutting us down! Were paying their damned salary so they can shut our farms down and drive us out. Its not fair.
It seemed as though no one wanted to break the uncomfortable silence that followed. Josh Varick cleared his throat to begin talking, but thought better of it and fell silent with the others. He was feeling a mixture of outrage and shame. Outrage because he agreed with everything that Mr. Pith had said, and shame because he used to be a part of the problem.
Rather than continue trying to push his position and further infuriate everyone, when in reality he agreed with them, although perhaps not in the method for expressing their anger, Josh Varick said after a few minutes, rather quietly, Well, thank you all for coming out tonight and expressing your feelings. Well have another meeting next week.
Talk, all we do is talk, said some of the farmers under their breath as they shuffled out.
Thorn caught hold of Mr. Piths arm as he was walking past.
Is that why you wanted me here tonight? So you could use me as a prop for your grievances?
Mr. Pith shook Thorns hand off. If youre not with us, youre against us. He spat on the ground at Thorns feet and continued walking.
Thorns hand curled into a fist and he narrowed his eyes at the back of Mr. Piths head as he walked by. He wasnt going to attack him, but he was angry enough to, first for being thrust into the middle of their political struggles, and second for being spat at when he didnt go along. Almost as though he could read his thoughts Josh Varick put a hand on Thorns shoulder.
Dont make this night any worse than it has to be, he said.
Do you really think youre going to have a peaceful solution with all this pent-up anger present? Thorn asked over his shoulder.
Josh Varick held his hands out in a shrug. You know as well as I do that when people are that angry they can cause more harm than good.
I also know that sometimes you have to stand up for yourselves.
Josh fell silent as they watched the farmers stream away into the night, returning to their own homes.
Do you know where your son is? Thorn asked after a few moments silence.
My son? Josh asked, surprised by the unexpected question.
Do you know that your sons been in contact with the Amber Bones Gang, and that theyre considering him for recruitment?
Joshs stunned silence answered the question for him. Well, I knew he was having a hard time adjusting to life on the farm, but I had no idea, he stammered after a few seconds. How do you know this?
He told me. He has one of their bandanas.
I see. I guess hes been having a harder time than I thought. No, I havent seen him.
This gang is very dangerous. If your son is involved with them, then I dont think he knows what hes getting into. And if hes been meeting with them in private, without your knowledge, that may be even worse.
Thorn no longer wanted to stay with the Piths, so he was angling for Josh to invite him to stay in his home, in order to help keep an eye on his son. Thorn didnt have any money, so he couldnt breach the topic himself, lest he be called upon to pay for the room. And Josh did not disappoint him.
I know youre staying with the Piths, but weve got room here, if you wouldnt mind, helping to keep an eye on my son.
Thorn agreed and went back to the Piths to get his things while Josh Varick went to look for his son. Josh had, for the moment, completely forgotten about the meeting that night, and about the lawsuit he was preparing on behalf of the farmers. For the moment he was somewhere in between a state of panic and disbelief, and thinking back he could not remember the last time he had seen his son. He had been too busy with preparations for this evening.
When Thorn entered the Pith barn he was surprised to find Mr. Pith waiting for him, sitting in a wooden chair with another set beside it. The aroma of burning cannabis flowers was thick in the air, and as Thorn entered Mr. Pith offered him a pipe. Thorn eyed it suspiciously and didnt set another foot into the barn.
I dont blame you after the way I acted tonight, Mr. Pith said, putting the pipe back to his lips and taking a long, deep breath from it. I wanted to come out here and tell you that Im sorry.
Thorn stepped into the barn and accepted the pipe. He took a few short puffs and choked on the smoke. He was no stranger to cannabis smoke, but this was far more potent than anything he had ever inhaled before.
Mr. Pith laughed as Thorn passed the pipe back to him. Thats my own blend, from my own crop, carefully selected and bred for potency and smoothness. Its about the only crop thats shown a profit these past few years. Thank God Bradenfield hasnt outlawed it yet. But the Mrs. hates the smell of the stuff so I have to come out here to smoke it.
Thorn sat down in the empty chair. He was feeling very pleasantly lightheaded. Mr. Pith passed the pipe back to him and this time when he inhaled from it, Thorn was ready for the potency and was able to appreciate the smoothness that Mr. Pith had spoken of.
You caught me at one of the worst moments of my life. They say that you can tell the measure of a man when hes at his worst. If thats true I didnt measure up today. Ive been hitting the bottle since before I capped the well, getting angrier and angrier the whole time. And I exploded this evening. My family is buried on this land. Four generations of them. Its a part of me like my own arm. I cant bear the thought of being forced out.
Quiet, Thorn said.
I know. Im even more ashamed of myself for taking to the drink and wallowing in self-pity. If my father could see me now hed smack me around but good.
No, I mean quiet. Do you hear that?
Mr. Pith fell silent and listened. They could hear something. It was a high-pitched noise that sounded like the angry buzzing of a wasp or a bee. And it was getting louder.
That sounds like dune bikes, Thorn said.
Dune bikes?
Mr. Pith was drunk and stoned. He didnt seem to grasp what was going on as he stared blankly at Thorn.
Despite being a little light-headed himself, Thorn knew exactly what that droning meant. He bounded up the ladder into the loft so he could have a better view of the surrounding fields. Silver light shone from the waxing gibbous, providing enough light to see by, although it was ultimately unnecessary. The dune bikes, Thorn counted three of them, could be clearly seen by their headlamps as they tore through the fallow fields toward the Pith farm.
Thorn grinned. His first thought was that hed made enough noise that hed flushed his quarry out and that they were now coming to him.
As they drew closer Thorn could see that the biker in front was wearing a black bandana over his nose and mouth, while the two riding on his flank wore amber ones. Each of them had skeletal hands meeting over the mouth. The one with the black bandana, the one that Thorn took to be the leader of the group, was holding aloft a lit torch that guttered in the headwind.
Thorn slid down the ladder and was through the barn door in a flash.
The bikers had reached the house and were riding hard around it, kicking up dirt and whooping and hollering over the drone of the bikes. The two bikers in amber had cans of alcohol fuel which they were using to drench the house.
Hey, get away from there! Mr. Pith called. He had grabbed an axe handle before following Thorn out of the barn.
Go back inside, Thorn yelled, but he knew that Mr. Pith wasnt going to listen.
Mr. Pith was drunk, high, and filled with anger. Thorn didnt blame him at all for charging at the three bikers. And he couldnt blame him for defending his property to the best of his ability. But at the same time, Thorn could see exactly what was going to happen well before it did, and it was not going to be pretty.
The leader, the biker with the black bandana, saw Mr. Pith charging for him with the axe handle raised. After tossing his torch onto the fuel-soaked house he turned his bike and popped a small wheelie as he accelerated towards the old man. Thorn ran towards them, trying to draw the bikers attention, but he was too late. The biker had landed a kick squarely in the middle of Mr. Piths sternum, knocking to the ground.
Fire was beginning to take the house and it was spreading quickly. Mrs. Pith was still inside. Thorn had to make a split decision on what to do. The biker had turned and revved his engine in anticipation of running over Mr. Pith. The fire had flared up around the door, preventing Mrs. Pith from being able to escape.
Thorn chose Mrs. Pith.
The other two bikers were in his way. They had taken up a fence post and held it between them as they rode. Thorn only just managed to throw himself flat on the ground as the heavy post flew by overhead. The biker in the black bandana circled around and rode over Mr. Pith. Thorn winced as he heard the old mans ribs break.
The fire had flared up and taken the house. Smoke was billowing into the night sky. Thorn saw the axe handle that had been knocked from Mr. Piths hand lying nearby. He rolled over and grabbed it as the two bikers came back around. One of them had let go of the post so they could turn. The other one had adjusted it under his arm like a jousting lance.
Thorn charged, brandishing the axe handle and bellowing like a madman. The unexpected burst of aggression was enough to intimidate the biker and throw off the aim of the lance. He grazed Thorns shoulder with it, but Thorn was able to hit a solid blow to the young mans midsection as he rode by. He collapsed from the bike, which reared up on its back wheel and flipped on its side in the dirt.
Thorn dropped the axe handle as he sprinted towards the house. If he didnt get in their soon it wouldnt matter because it would be too late. He was afraid that he was already too late from how quickly the flames had engulfed the house. He pulled his shirt up over his nose and burst through the door shoulder first. It was the same shoulder that the biker had grazed, and though he could ignore the pain for the time being, from a combination of the cannabis and his adrenaline, Thorn knew in the back of his mind that he was going to be in great pain tomorrow.
The smoke made his eyes water and his shirt did little to stop it from being inhaled into his lungs. Through the haze he managed to spot a form lying on the floor of the sitting room. Thorn ducked under the worst of the smoke and crawled to her. He poked her and she gave a little moan. She was alive, if only barely.
Thorn hefted her onto his good shoulder, took a few breaths of the relatively clean air near the floor, and lunged towards the front door. He tried to make it in as few steps as possible. His eyes stung and his skin was blistering from the heat. Mrs. Pith didnt weigh much, but she was dead weight. With his eyes squinted against the smoke Thorn didnt see the threshold. He tripped over it. The only thing he could do to prevent collapsing on top of Mrs. Pith was drop her as he passed through the door. His momentum carried him onto the dirt path in front of the house, while she fell like a sack of flour by the door. Thorn was choking and coughing, unable to draw breath into his lungs.
As he was fighting for breath something hit him hard in the kidney. He arched his back and gritted his teeth against screaming out from the bursting pain as the biker in the black bandana rode into his field of vision, brandishing the axe handle.
The biker came around. His eyes, reflecting the fire from the house, were locked on Thorn, the axe handle raised over his head. From this distance Thorn could clearly see a tattoo under his right eye: an image of a skull with crossed skeletal hands.
Thorn fell backwards, avoiding the swing as the biker rode by. It was easy falling down. His body wanted to collapse. It was much more difficult, however, to get back up again. But he had to. He had to get up, and he had to find a weapon. Scanning the ground he saw the post that the other biker had pulled up. It was lying near to Mr. Pith. One of the bikers in amber was idling near his body, looking at it. Thorn didnt want to read too much into the young mans eyes, especially since he couldnt see his face, but as Thorn staggered the distance to get to the post what he saw in that young mans eyes was fear.
He didnt know where the other biker was. The young man idling over Mr. Piths body looked up as Thorn approached.
Yes, it was fear.
The biker in black had turned again and was coming straight for him. Thorn picked up the post by the frightened kid and turned, falling to his knee and holding the post like a pike used against cavalry, with one end wedged against the ground. The biker in black swerved but his momentum was too great and the post struck against the side of his front wheel, causing him to crash.
Ordinarily Thorn would have jumped on him, but the pain in his kidneys prevented him. He was doing good to remain on his feet. So Thorn opted for the closer, safer target: the frightened kid. He lunged at him, taking him and the bike down. The kid offered no resistance.
Hey, look what I found in the barn! This was the other biker in amber. He was sitting astride his bike with a couple bundles of Mr. Piths cannabis flower.
The biker in the black bandana had righted his bike and kick started it. Thats great, he said. Grab as much as you can carry. He looked over his shoulder and down the path. Come on! Theyve seen the fire, we need to get out of here. When the kid that Thorn had tackled didnt move or attempt to flee or fight, the rider in black rode over, menacing Thorn with the front wheel of his bike. The rider in black grabbed the kid by the collar and pulled him away. Thorn reached for the kid, attempting to hold onto anything he could grab and in doing so pulled away the amber bandana covering his face.
The frightened face that stared back at Thorn in the glow of the fire was one that he recognized. Thorn had seen those same hazel eyes, sandy hair, and swarm of freckles not too long ago, in a picture produced by the boys father.
Sandy? Thorn asked.
Scott Tannings eyes went even wider.
The other biker in the amber bandana hit Thorn in the back, making him release Scott and eliciting another deep groan from Thorns lips. Scott Tanning used the opportunity to right his bike and got back on it. The biker in black told him to move, and he obeyed, although he never took his eyes from Thorn even as he was riding away.
By the time Thorn managed to pull himself to his feet the three bikers were gone. The angry buzz from their engines had receded into the night. He felt an arm around his chest and nearly punched the owner of it before he realized that it was Eric Prasson. He, Josh Varick, and a bunch of other farmers had come to the Pith farm when they saw the orange fire burning against the night sky.
Im ok, check on him, and her, Thorn said. He wasnt ok, but the Piths were in worse shape than he was.
Hes barely breathing, Erics wife said. She was kneeling over Mr. Pith with her ear to his nose.
Josh Varick took his pulse and looked grimly up at Thorn.
A couple of farmers had helped Mrs. Pith to her feet and tried to distract her from seeing her husband in the condition he was in.
Everyone else was crowded around Mr. Pith. Josh Varick waved them away. Give him some air. Go around the house. Go to the well, try to put that fire out. When they didnt move he shouted at them. Go!
Mr. Piths face had turned grey. I think hes got a punctured lung, Josh Varick said under his breath to Thorn. I dont know what to do. He glanced over Thorns shoulder at Mrs. Pith, who was having difficulty breathing after inhaling so much smoke.
I can run for the doctor, Thorn volunteered.
Josh shook his head. He wont make it long enough for you to get back.
The other farmers were looking to Josh Varick to tell them what to do and he had no idea. The group he had sent around the house to fight the fire came back a few minutes later and reported that the well had been capped. They couldnt do anything.
A feeling of sickening helplessness descended upon everyone as they were watching Mr. Pith breathe his last breaths by the light of a house fire they were powerless to put out. They kept Mrs. Pith from knowing the condition of her husband for as long as she could, but once she was strong enough to breathe and stand on her own, she soon figured it out. And her wail that went up with the smoldering embers caught in the night wind could be heard all the way on the other side of the river.


16

Even though Josh Varick knew that there was nothing they could do for Mr. Pith, he still felt compelled to give the impression that he was doing something, and so lent his buggy to Owen Baker to go over the river and bring back the police and a doctor.
Thorn and a few others worked to uncap the well while the rest of the farmers dug a trench around the house to contain the fire. The night wind fought against their efforts by spreading embers over the dry fields. Once the well was uncapped they were able to flood the house and the surrounding fields with enough water to saturate it, allowing the other farmers to breathe a heavy sigh of relief that their own properties and meager crops were safe.
After Mr. Pith died in the early morning they moved his body to the Varicks house and laid him out for his wake. The Pith house had burned down to its smoking remains. Owen Baker returned in the early morning as the sun was peaking over the horizon. He came in with a doctor that Thorn recognized as having been at the hospital the night before. Mr. Pith had been dead for hours, so there was little the doctor could do except to verify the death and make a record of it. After doing that he examined Mrs. Pith and, finding nothing terribly wrong with her except for her emotional state, gave her something to help her sleep.
Josh Varicks sitting room was packed with people. Even those farmers who didnt come to the meeting the night before were here now. News of the fire and of Mr. Piths death had spread quickly, and everyone came out of stunned disbelief that something like this could happen in their own little farming community. As the morning progressed that stunned disbelief gave way to anger.
Even though most of these farmers had been opposed to Josh Varick to the point that they had nearly come to blows the night before, they now looked to him as their de facto leader in the absence of Mr. Pith. And Josh Varick still didnt quite know what to do. For him this situation had moved beyond the point of lawsuits, especially when Owen Baker told him that the police were not coming.
They said theres nothing they can do.
But they can find the time to force Mr. Pith to cap his well? Josh Varick said.
Owen shrugged.
They can find the time to put liens against our farms for not paying our taxes? They can find the time to fine us, and write us citations for not complying with their idiotic laws?
The other farmers nodded and agreed with each sentence that came from Josh Varicks mouth. They shared his outrage, and they were glad that he had finally come to their side of thinking. None of this was going to be solved with a lawsuit.
Some of the farmers wives were in attendance, and more streamed in after they helped put Mrs. Pith to bed. They shared the outrage with their husbands, and became an even more vocal push for something to be done. Marie Varick did not join them, as usual. She had excused herself early on to her bedroom with a headache.
Thorn noticed Eli Varick standing in the doorway watching everyone. While the rest of the farmers were working themselves into a frenzy Thorn slipped out the back, circled around through the hallway, and grabbed Eli from behind. He clamped a hand over the boys mouth as he shoved him against the wall out of view from the sitting room.
Ive had enough of your crap, Thorn said, tightening his forearm against Elis throat to squeeze off his air supply. Youre going to tell me everything you know about the Amber Bones, and youre going to do it now. Nod your head if you understand me.
Eli wasnt fighting. He was gasping for breath but his eyes were wide and fearful. He nodded.
Thorn hissed, Where are they? How can I find them?
He released the pressure from his forearm enough for Eli to be able to talk. I dont know, he whispered.
Thorn pressed his forearm back hard. Thats not what I wanted to hear. Do you see all those people in there? Theyre out for blood. What do you think theyre going to do when I tell them that youre part of the gang that killed one of their own?
Eli shook his head violently.
Then youre going to tell me what I want to know, right?
Eli shook his head again as Thorn released pressure from his throat. Between gasping breaths he said, Im not part of the gang, ok?
What are you talking about?
They dropped that bandana when they attacked our farm. I wanted to join them but they said I was too young and too weak. They didnt want me, just like my parents dont want me, ok? Are you happy now?
Fear had given way to contempt in Eli Varicks eyes. He may have been frightened by the death, and perhaps he had never seen a dead body before, but that fear was gone now as Thorn had forced him to reveal a painful secret that he would much rather have kept hidden.
So you have no idea about how to get in contact with them? You didnt send them to the farm to attack me?
Didnt I just say that? I dont know anything about them. And you can go straight to hell.
Thorn let him go, and Eli scampered away down the hall holding his throat and casting a scornful glance back before he disappeared.
He departed not a moment too soon. The farmers had worked themselves into enough of a frenzy that they were ready to go storm town hall to have their grievances heard. Thorn was glad he didnt have to explain to Josh Varick why he was choking his son in the hallway. He and Thorn met eyes briefly before Josh was pushed past by the tide behind him. Thorn saw some fear in his eyes, but also the acceptance that if he didnt allow this tide to push him along he would be buried under it.
As that metaphor occurred to Thorns mind, watching the farmers stream past, he recalled what Eli had said the other night. He had spoken of a revolution, and of people being crushed under the force of what was coming. Thorn didnt think he meant this. He had been talking of the Amber Bones. But at the same time Thorn couldnt help but notice the similarities. People were angry, and with that much pent-up anger almost anything was possible.
The doctor stopped Thorn before he could file out with the others.
They said you took quite a beating yourself. Id like to take a look at you.
Thorn had been avoiding the doctor. He didnt want to be examined. He hated doctors and hospitals. Im fine, he said.
Youre moving a little stiffly. I can give you something for the pain, at least.
Thorn was tempted. He didnt usually take anything for pain unless it was almost unbearable. But the truth was that he was beginning to hurt. The shots hed taken to his kidneys, and to his shoulder, which was still sore after his battle with Arnold Keech, hadnt helped any either.
Thorn slipped into a room off the main hall, away from the stream of farmers.
Ok, fine.
The doctor began lifting his shirt to examine him but Thorn pushed him off.
No. No examination. Just give me something for the pain.
The doctor hesitated. I cant give you medication without first assessing the extent of the
Look, this was your idea. Are you going to give me something or not?
The doctor regarded him for a moment, but then he nodded. He produced a syringe from his satchel and used it to extract clear liquid from a vial.
Im in a little more pain than that, Thorn said as he saw the meager amount that he had withdrawn.
This is a very potent analgesic. Youll be feeling numb for days at this dose.
I dont care. Double it.
The doctor hesitated, then he extracted a bit more. He did not double it as Thorn demanded, but he did add about a quarter more.
This is it. Without a proper examination I will not under good conscience administer a single drop more than this.
Fine, Thorn said, and pulled the doctors hand to inject himself with the needle in his shoulder.
Thorns hatred of doctors stemmed from his youth in Collective City, where he had been used as a test subject in their many inhumane experiments. But a moment later as the liquid, Thorn didnt even know what it was, or care, began coursing through his blood, all of his cares left him in an instant. His kidneys no longer hurt. His shoulder was no longer in pain. He felt like he could conquer the world.
Wow, doc, you werent kidding. I feel great.
Thorn walked up and down the room and began running in place, something that would have caused him great pain just a moment ago.
It will help numb you, but its dangerous because you wont know your own limits. You could be doing serious harm to your body and you wouldnt even be aware of it.
Doc, I think you just eliminated my limits entirely. That stuff is wonderful. What is it?
Its an opiate mixture of my own design, with amphetamines added to counteract the usual drowsy effects. Its a slow-release formula that binds to your fat cells and at this dose should last you for a couple of days. Its popular in low doses among the dock workers when theyre in pain but need to finish their shift. Please, dont engage in anything too strenuous until this wears off.
Thorn smirked. If I wasnt going to do anything strenuous then Id hardly need it, wouldnt I? I could just lay around in bed until I got better. Thanks, doc. What do I owe you?
Nothing. All medical care is provided for in a very generous grant by Mr. Dietrich.
That Mr. Dietrich, hes a pretty swell guy.
Thorn punched the doctors arm before sprinting after the farmers. The doctor, for his part, regretted the dose he had administered as he watched Thorn go.
He sprinted to the head of the stream of farmers. Thorn could barely even feel his feet on the ground. He felt like he was flying. He felt like he could race across the entire province without even breaking a sweat.
Lovely day for a revolution, isnt it? Thorn asked as he pulled in alongside Josh Varick.
Im going to do everything I can to prevent that from happening. Were going to make our grievances heard and well occupy town hall for as long as is necessary.
Good luck stopping it. But Im going to be right in the middle. I think a good fight is just what the doctor ordered. Help clear my head.
Josh Varick seemed to be walking interminably slow. Thorn was fidgeting to try to keep himself slowed down sufficiently to match his speed. He kept getting ahead, then pedaling backwards. Josh looked hard at him after a few minutes of this. He was heavily distracted himself, with the weight of what he was doing and didnt notice the change in Thorns behavior right away.
Whats wrong with you?
Nothing in the world. I feel better than I have in my entire life. Id love for this to erupt into a big old city-wide brawl. Lets pick up some of those dock workers. Theyre always ready for some violence and bloodshed.
That doctor gave you something, didnt he?
And a right fine man he was for doing it, too.
They were approaching the Foamingwake Bridge so Josh did his best to ignore Thorn and focus on what he had to do. He was rehearsing what he was going to say in order to get their grievances heard, while calming the rest of the farmers down enough that they wouldnt explode into violence. It was a difficult strait he had to navigate, and Thorns sudden manic behavior and thirst for violence were not helping one little bit.
Much to Josh Varicks chagrin they did pick up quite a contingent of rowdy dock workers as they passed over the Foamingwake Bridge and through the docks district. Word spread quickly through the inns and whorehouses along the wharf that something very big was going down, and those places emptied quickly as everyone wanted to be a part of it. And with each person that joined the growing army marching on town hall, Josh Varick felt the weight upon his shoulders grow all the heavier.
There were minor breakouts of violence: an overturned buggy, a rock through a shop window, lots of pushing and shoving, but nothing major as everyone seemed expectant about what would happen once they reached town hall. The pale greens followed along nervously, as they knew that they would be utterly powerless to stop this sizeable crowd from doing anything it wanted. The red of Len Dietrichs private police force was nowhere to be found.
Thorn led what was to his drug-addled mind a charge up the steps of town hall where he turned to the huge crowd behind him and cried out for victory. He was echoed by a raucous cry that dwarfed his own.
Josh Varick tried to keep them under control. He tried to shout over them, but the crowd was frenzying to a dangerous level. Fights had begun to erupt between the dock workers and the pale greens around the edges.
Just when things were about to explode into uncontrolled chaos, Len Dietrich the Fourth appeared at the top of the steps, flanked by his private police force and accompanied by Melina Bann at his right side. She gave Thorn a scathing look before he and Josh Varick were pushed aside.
Len Dietrich held his arms up and the crowd quieted down from a mob on the brink of explosion to an audience expressing murmurs of discontent. Thorn recognized him at once from the statue in the hospital. But whereas the features were the same, from the hawkish nose to the sharp eyes and the slender frame, the real version carried about him a hungry and predatory look as he scanned his audience.
I understand there was another attack last night, Len Dietrich began in a smooth voice that carried effortlessly to the furthest reaches of the crowd. I understand that Ned Pith was murdered for no crime other than defending his own property. And I understand that the pale greens of Bradenfield Province did nothing to help. Theyll stand around you today and threaten your right to air your grievances, but when you really need them theyll sit in the comfort and luxury your tax dollars provide and do nothing. And as for Mayor Dinesh, how is he any better when he cowers behind these doors rather than address you, his own citizens?
Mayor Dinesh burst through the doors and angrily confronted Len Dietrich.
This is not what we discussed.
Len Dietrich leaned in and whispered to him. Thorn was standing near enough that he could hear every word. Quiet old man; your time has passed. Now step aside or Ill have this crowd rip you to pieces and hang you from the Foamingwake.
Mayor Dinesh paled as he stepped back into Len Dietrichs shadow. Thorn could detect more than a hint of gloat on Lens features as he continued.
It seems I struck a nerve with our intrepid mayor, he said with a smirk, eliciting boos from the crowd. I understand your frustrations as citizens of Webster Grove. This place is my home, and it has been for over four generations. My family has watched this town grow, and I am proud to have been a part of it. I learned to swim just over there off the wharf, and I used to sit for hours on the pilings watching the boats come in. And I have watched the land across the river turn from the most fertile green to the most arid brown for no reason other than because your leaders think they know whats best for you. And do you not pay your taxes? Are you not responsible for paying the salaries of these men who dismiss your concerns so coldly while they strangle the livelihood out of you? I have done my best to provide this town with jobs in my company, and for those of you who make your living as farmers across the river, I have provided you with the means of selling your produce across the Free Lands. You have unprecedented access to my global shipping company. You should be prospering as no one before you ever has. And yet youre not. And the reason for that is to be found solely in your broken government officials who care more for their own self-interest than they do for you.
The mob had transformed completely. They were now shouting agreement with everything Len Dietrich said. And the more Len spoke the paler Mayor Dinesh became.
I see that you have appointed Josh Varick as your spokesperson, Len Dietrich continued. I think thats a fine choice. Would you like to speak your piece Mr. Varick?
Josh looked uncomfortably at the expectant faces staring back at him. We want to know whats going to be done. Our farmers need to be able to irrigate their land. They need to be able to utilize tractor tires of a suitable size. And they need their property taxes lowered. They are unable to work in these current conditions, and they need things to be better.
Len Dietrich nodded approvingly along with everything Josh Varick requested. Youre not going to do any of that without some drastic changes in Bradenfield Province. Most of the regulations that are strangling your ability to farm are handed down from the legislature back east. Theres little we can do about it.
I have a lawsuit pending, Josh said, and the crowd booed him.
A lawsuit is not going to change anything. Might I suggest an alternate course of action?
Im open to suggestion.
I propose, Len Dietrich began, pausing for effect, that we declare our independence from Bradenfield.
He was greeted with what was at first a stunned silence, but quickly gave way to a roaring round of applause and raucous shouts of approval.
While I have no intention of being elected your leader, there are a few things that I can do to help this movement along. The first thing Im going to do is suspend the police force. Men, if you would please arrest these gentlemen and escort them into a holding cell. Do the same for our Mayor Dinesh. He has failed in his duties.
You cant do this! Mayor Dinesh screamed. You have no right, and no authority!
Its for your own good, Len Dietrich said with another smug smirk. I am also going to suspend your property taxes immediately. Once weve elected a new town council and mayor, I will leave the decision of our laws and of our taxes to them. But for now, Im tearing everything else down.
While the crowd liked what they were hearing, and most of them roared with approval there were more than a few skeptical voices being raised.
How is that possible? someone shouted.
Youre lying, someone else shouted.
You just want the power for yourself! came another shout.
Josh Varick gave voice to these concerns as he asked, How do you have the authority to do any of this?
Im taking the authority. It grieves me to see my fellow citizens suffering under this oppression, especially when I can help. I have a plan for this town that will come to fruition within the next few days, a week at most. We will become the wealthiest town in the entire Free Lands. That is a promise.
The crowd parted to allow Len Dietrichs private police force to seize the pale greens and to escort them, along with the mayor, off to a detention cell.
Is your private police force prepared to protect us from the gang that murdered Ned Pith and burned his house? Josh Varick demanded.
The Amber Bones is the name of that gang. I, too, have been attacked by their members. I have had my shipments preyed upon in the desert. And I, too, have been frustrated in my attempts to have the pale greens do anything about it. Their investigations are a joke and so I have been forced to conduct my own inquiries into the activities of this gang.
And what have you discovered?
I have discovered that they need to be stopped. I will do everything I can to assist with this situation, and to bring these people to justice. I will even fund a bounty hunter to bring in the leader of this gang so he can face justice under our new government.
Len Dietrich turned his gaze on Thorn as he was speaking.
As I understand it, this bounty hunter, Thorn, was staying with the Piths when they were attacked. He showed great bravery in the face of danger, and although he could not save Ned Piths life, he did charge into a burning building to rescue his wife. What say you, bounty hunter? I am prepared to offer a bounty of two hundred dollars for the leader of the Amber Bones Gang.
Thorn looked over the expectant faces of the farmers, the dock workers, and the citizens who had come out to see what was going on. He had to admit that Len Dietrich was a great speaker. He had said and done all the right things to have them eating out of his hand. And now he was doing the same for Thorn. This was what he had wanted: a chance to make a bit of extra money hunting down someone he was going to be looking for anyway. There was a part of Thorns mind which told him that this was a little too convenient, and that he was in danger of being played as Len Dietrich had been playing this crowd. But that was a small voice that was easily ignored. Thorn wasnt about to turn down the offer.
Make it five hundred, he said.
Len Dietrich laughed. For five hundred Id hunt him down myself. Three, final offer.
Three it is, Thorn agreed and they shook hands on it.
Hey, what about us? demanded one of the dock workers to a round of raucous agreements.
If you have grievances, now is the time to make them known.
We work our fingers to the bone making you filthy rich. What are you going to do for us, huh?
Len Dietrich scanned them with his hungry eyes. How does a paid holiday sound? For everyone?
A paid holiday? the worker said, sounding more than a little incredulous. For everyone? Youve never completely shut down shipment of goods in this town.
Well finish our current shipments, and at noon today everyone will be excused. So go back to your inns and pubs; drink, eat, and be merry. Oh, and dont bother bringing your money, because you wont need it. Ill be picking up your tabs.
A murmur of disbelieving voices spread through the crowd. For how long? asked the worker.
Len Dietrich smiled. How does the rest of the week sound? He paused to let the murmur of disbelief grow into a stunned buzzing of excitation. Well call it a workers holiday in appreciation of the services that you have provided me. So go, celebrate, for this day belongs to you.
Once the initial shock had worn off and the workers realized that he was serious, they applauded him and began dispersing. Len Dietrich motioned for Thorn to follow him. With me, he said, and began walking briskly down the steps from town hall. Melina Bann fell in behind them. Thorn glanced uneasily over his shoulder because he did not like having someone that dangerous at his flank.
Josh Varick caught up with Len Dietrich, and falling in step beside him said, You do know you dont have the right to do any of this. If it wasnt bad enough your suspending the police force and arresting the mayor, Bradenfield has very strict laws regarding how many hours a person is allowed to work and what they can be paid for it. It could be seen that this holiday youre giving everyone is compensation that would go above what theyre allowed to have.
Len Dietrich smiled. Mr. Varick, youre still thinking like an attorney. On your farm, do you work the regulated number of hours per week and receive just compensation for it?
Well, no, but thats different.
Its different when you own your own business? I think not. Under the strictest letter of the law you are an employee of your farm. Under Bradenfield law you count as both employer and employee. Therefore you could be fined and possibly imprisoned for failing to give yourself adequate time off with adequate pay.
Josh fell silent because he knew that Len Dietrich was correct.
And whats more, youve known many people who have openly flouted the laws regarding workers, many of whom are the very same people that wrote the laws, or are charged with enforcing them. How hypocritical of them!
But that doesnt change the fact that Bradenfield will not stand for what youre doing. Theyll send pale greens when they cant get what they want legally. You could be looking at a war.
I will be looking at a war. And I will be ready for it. But you overestimate the influence your Bradenfield politicians wield. Theyve given themselves so much power over commerce, only to find that they were the ones being bought and sold.
Bought and sold? By whom?
By the trade caravans, of course. By people like me. So much arrogance. In their lust for power they have rendered themselves utterly powerless. I do not fear any kind of reprisal from them. In fact, they will be begging for the scraps I throw them.
I dont understand.
You will. Now go back to your farm. Irrigate it properly, and begin producing as you should be. Look after your family. I have some business to discuss with Thorn.
After dismissing Josh Varick, Len Dietrich continued in his very quick stride to the headquarters of the L & D Shipping Company. They passed through the gate under the watchful eye of Len Dietrichs private police force, some of whom Thorn recognized from his scuffle the previous day.
Melina walked in front to hold the door open for them. First Len Dietrich entered, then Thorn. They filed into a large and cool entry hall. The floor was a thick green carpet, in the center of which was a lush forest of flowering greenery. The walls were covered with a rich dark wood paneling on which were hung oil paintings. On the wall nearest the door were portraits of the previous three Len Dietrichs. Beyond these were paintings of boats upon the Old Foss. Thorn had a weakness for beautiful paintings, especially landscapes or nature scenes, and these took his breath away. Each painting sported a plaque which told the year in which it had been painted, the artist, and what it represented. They told the story of the evolution not just of the L & D Shipping Company, but of travel upon the Old Foss itself, as the boats evolved over time from small skiffs to the barges that Thorn had seen along the wharf that morning.
You should never forget where you come from, Len Dietrich said, standing beside Thorn as he admired the paintings. There was a brief period during my grandfathers time at the helm of our company when we used steam engines to ship goods up and down the Old Foss. We were making the transition from sail and manpower, you see in those boats there. Five knots in favorable conditions and it was considered advanced for the time. It was my grandfather who hired scientists to figure out the mysteries of the trash they gathered from Crimson City, so it wasnt long before we started using slop engines, alcohol fuel, and this little beauty that ran on refined hedrous crystals. It was an exciting time and we made leaps and bounds with our technological advancement. This was my favorite boat when I was young. It was fast and sleek, capable of over thirty knots. Of course, that kind of speed was impractical on the Old Foss, and the cost of the hedrous crystals proved to be too expensive for uses outside of smuggling.
You have a nice history of boats here, and yet youre still using horses for overland shipping?
Len laughed. Oh we have buggies too. It depends entirely upon to where were shipping. Bradenfield has some extensive regulations on buggies but not so many on horses. As someone who lives in the Western Frontier you know very well the difficulty the terrain represents, especially with the regulations they put on tires. Anything west of the Old Foss its just easier to use equine power.
Thorn would have liked to have been able to stay and look at the paintings for a while, but after the brief history lesson Len Dietrich had moved on. He led the way down the hall, past several doors, to an elevator.
Speaking of never forgetting where you came from, I understand that youre from Crimson City?
How do you know that?
After you attempted to storm my headquarters yesterday I had Ms. Bann look into you. I was not entirely unimpressed with what I found, which is why Im willing to extend to you this offer of employment.
Thorn cast a look back at Melina Bann, who had taken a seat behind a desk towards the end of the hallway. Her cold blue eyes had never left him, not from the steps of town hall. Thorn was more than a little grateful when he stepped into the elevator and out of her view. He wasnt intimidated by her so much as he was unnerved by her constant watchfulness.
Len Dietrich closed the door and pulled a lever, causing the elevator to lurch upwards.
Erythronium battery-powered, he explained. They use the like in the trade caravans to get form one floor to the next. Its yet another piece of technology for which were indebted to your home city.
I wouldnt feel too greatly indebted. All of this science comes at a hefty price.
Anything worth having comes at a hefty price.
Not when you force others to pay that price while you reap the benefits.
Len Dietrich chuckled. The elevator car came to a rumbling stop. Mind your eyes, he said before throwing open the door and flooding the car with sunlight.
Thorn was blinded and threw up an elbow to cover his eyes as the two of them stepped onto the roof. When Thorn was able to focus again he was taken aback by the view. He could see not only the entire town from up here, but what seemed to be miles up and down the Old Foss. He could see the barges queueing up for the lock; he could see them sailing up the river; he could see the verdant patches of crops in the half-moon of the bend across from them; and he could see the amber mesas touching the sky at the horizon further into the Western Frontier. The view was breathtaking.
He took a few steps towards the edge of the roof only to find that they were, in fact, enclosed. He put out a hand to feel the glass wall in front of him. Turning back he saw that there was a desk, a bookshelf, and a lamp as if they were standing in an office.
Glass all the way around, Len explained, knocking on the enclosure before he sat at his desk. I like to be able to see my city. It would never do to remain cooped up inside a stuffy office. Please, have a seat.
Thorn took the offered seat and propped his feet on the desk. This is very impressive; why couldnt I see it from the ground?
The outside of the glass is mirrored. Its all but invisible unless youre looking for it. And yesterday you were a little preoccupied fighting my guards. I watched the whole thing.
Not one of my finer moments.
Len followed Thorns gaze to a piece of hedrous crystal on the bookshelf. It was carved in the shape of a barge like the ones that sailed on the river.
Crystal from the Fiann, Dietrich said. Very expensive. You are, no doubt, wondering why I would possess and flaunt something that is illegal in the town of Webster Grove, yes?
Thorn shook his head. I just thought it was pretty is all. I dont usually pay much attention to the local laws.
Yes, Ive noticed, Len said, his eyes on Thorns boots which were so impertinently propped on his desk. But I would imagine thats a very useful trait to have in your line of work. Providing, of course, that you dont spend too much time afoul of the local police for breaking a law you never knew existed.
Laws arent much use if they cant be enforced.
Len smiled. Yes, exactly. You are someone who understands. Take that crystal for example. Tramm Shipping was one of the last competitive holdouts here in Webster Grove. They had a direct supplier of hedrous crystal from one of the small deposits in the Fiann and they had cornered the market. So what my father did was he bought some politicians to find some silly reason why Fiann crystal, as opposed to hedrous crystal from anywhere else, was a dangerous health hazard. He came up with some bogus cases of the stuff making people sick. I think he claimed impurities or low-level radiation, or something of the like. Then he got the local media to create a panic in order to drive public support, and had the government ban the transport of it across the Old Foss. That drove Tramm Shipping right out of business, and after we had taken over the contracts with their suppliers, well, that silly law stopped being enforced and the public quickly forgot about the potential health hazards.
And now its just Len Dietrich Shipping wherever you go.
The company was founded by my great-grandfather, Len Dietrich the First, if you will, along with his partner Steven Lawson. It wasnt long before my great-grandfather murdered Steven Lawson and assumed full control of the company. Or at least thats what family tradition holds. But its from their names that L & D derives, although that bit of history is long forgotten and everyone assumes, as you did, that the L and D refer to my own familys name.
Len Dietrich leaned forward on the desk, lacing his fingers together. But enough about that. Ms. Bann tells me that you were quite anxious to see me yesterday about my shipments that had been compromised. I am also told that a man matching your description was seen in my hospital. I assume you were there to speak with Brad Hadlik? I am curious why a bounty hunter would be so interested in my private business.
You dont miss a thing, do you?
As I told you, I like to be able to see my city. Nothing transpires here of which Im not aware.
I dont have any interest in you or your business aside from how youre connected to the Amber Bones. I was hired to find someone who joined the gang.
And since it was my company that has been attacked repeatedly, you followed the lead to me. Len Dietrich leaned back and exhaled a sigh of relief.
You thought I was coming after you?
You were the one who tried to storm my headquarters yesterday.
And your solution was to bring me up here with you alone in your office?
Len Dietrich smiled again. I keep a gun fastened to the underside of my desk, which is activated by a pressure plate I can press with my knee, should the need arise.
And aimed directly at this chair, I would imagine.
Len Dietrich nodded.
Thorn felt vulnerable all of a sudden knowing that a gun was trained on him at this very moment, and could go off with just the slightest twitch from Len Dietrichs knee. He had been feeling too confident and had let his guard down. It was the opiate hed been injected with. The rational part of his mind began to wonder if feeling this good was worth it after all.
Who would hire me to come for you? Thorn asked. He wanted to move, but at the same time his stubborn pride wouldnt allow it. He didnt want Len Dietrich to know that he was fazed in the slightest by that gun pointing at him, although he was painfully aware that his expression had already given himself away.
I have many enemies, not the least of which are among the powerful trade caravans. Any one of them would love to usurp the empire Ive built and take it for themselves.
I doubt the other families would allow that.
With the amount of power they would wield over trade, I think theyd find a way to keep the others in line.
But I cant say that I dont have any interest in your business at all, Thorn said, taking his boots off the desk and leaning forward, spreading his legs in what was almost an invitation or a dare for Len Dietrich to shoot him. The more rational part of his mind had, after a brief resurfacing, been silenced by the bravado that the opiate provided. This side of Thorns mind provided the more compelling argument, and that was to reassert dominance by challenging Len Dietrich directly.
Ive been doing a lot of thinking and maybe you can fill in some of the gaps, Thorn continued. I find myself wondering why you would need armed guards to protect a shipment of grain. And even if you did need them, why would you lie about them? I thought back, and according to the police report there was no mention of armed guards. There was only the one man, Brad Hadlik, mentioned in the report. So that made me wonder: why the secrecy? And this wasnt your first shipment to be attacked, and yet every single time nothing was stolen. But thats not entirely true, is it? Nothing was reported stolen. But that just means you didnt want the province to know what you were really shipping.
You do an awful lot of thinking, Mr. Thorn.
Im not done yet. It doesnt make much sense that the Amber Bones Gang, or any other, was attacking your shipments randomly in the hopes of getting lucky with whatever you were smuggling. While I saw a few police reports detailing the attacks on your shipments, there were only a few. An organization as large as this it seems like youd be preyed upon all the time by bandits or gangs, so I think its much more likely that these were targeted attacks. The Amber Bones Gang knew what you were smuggling, and they knew where and when to hit you. And that means that someone inside the company is working with them.
Thorn was mostly bluffing with this last guess, but he wanted to push Len Dietrich to see what would shake loose. Even if he was completely wrong, Thorn surmised that at least Dietrich would provide some information in his denial.
Len Dietrich rose from the desk and walked to the glass wall, peering out over the town. Thorn breathed a sigh of relief that he was no longer seated where he could fire the gun. He was also empowered by having forced Len Dietrich to swerve first. Thorn got up from the seat in front of the gun and stood off to one side now that he would not lose any face for doing so.
Len asked over his shoulder, Are you familiar with the geographical significance of Webster Grove?
Its one of the central trade hubs for all the Free Lands.
No. It is the central trade hub for all of the Free Lands. All trade eventually passes through here, and when I say trade I am, of course, referring to the trade caravans.
And the trade caravans monopolize trade.
To an extent. They have amassed considerable power, but it is the struggle they maintain between each other that prevents any one from becoming too powerful. When one begins to rise the other three are quick to pull it back down. If youve ever observed crabs in a bucket youll know what Im talking about. And yet over the years the trade families have become more and more reliant upon shipping companies such as my own for getting their products to and from every corner of the Free Lands. They used to be lumbering merchants that only bought and sold what the people brought them. With the rise of the shipping company, however, they are able to order goods from anywhere and have them delivered anywhere. I keep very detailed logs showing exactly where each of the trade caravans is at any moment, and thats where most of my overland shipping goes. But that means that, since my family has employed the local government to drive all of our competitors out of business that I, and I alone, am in complete control of the central trade hub of the entire Free Lands.
I dont see what this ego trip has to do with anything.
The corner of Len Dietrichs mouth curled up in an arrogant smile. I am not on an ego trip. Im merely stating the facts so you will understand the case fully. I am entrusted with the legacy of the L & D Shipping Company by means of my name which I share with three other generations that have run this business. And each generation has seen the success and scope of our familys business grow. I own this city because of my father who died a few months ago, and now it is my turn to build upon his success and his expansion. The trade caravans, as they currently exist, represent a medium through which my goods are bought and sold with the public. Imagine, if you will, that the trade caravans were replaced by a centralized trade network through which you could order and receive anything you wanted from anywhere in the Free Lands. You would simply mail in your request, and I would ship it to you. Or imagine if you had something to sell. You would ship it to me, and I would find a buyer. No more waiting for trade to come to you. No more having to use the mediators that are the trade caravans.
The trade families are very powerful. I doubt theyd go for something like that.
They wont have much of a choice. And, of course, Im giving you my end game. My overall objective. My idea will require quite a few mediating steps in order to be accomplished. The first step, of course, will be to insulate myself from reprisal and to begin diminishing the power and influence of the trade families by charging steep tariffs to use my citys geographical resources.
Tariffs? Thats what this is about?
Len Dietrich sighed. Youre a mercenary. I dont expect you to share my vision. Of course the trade families wont go for it. But theyve become overly reliant upon my company for their goods. If I suddenly stopped supplying them, well, you get an idea.
You mean like if all your workers were to suddenly take an extended holiday and trade dried up entirely throughout the Free Lands?
Yes, precisely. And the tariffs are less about generating money than they are about marking my territory.
Well, those trade families have even less respect for the law than you do, and Im sure youre aware of how well-armed they are. Theyd roll in here and destroy you. Just the other day I saw them kill a man for trying to steal from them. I can only imagine what theyd do to someone trying to steal trade from them entirely.
Yes, I thought of that as well. Which is why I have my own personal army.
Are you talking about your private police force? Because theyre well-trained but I dont see them being able to do much against a heavily fortified trade caravan.
I wasnt talking about them.
Thorn was puzzled for a moment, then his eyes widened with dawning recognition. The Amber Bones Gang.
The gun trade is a tricky business, and while the law can usually be bribed to look the other way its not always the case. Plus, each province has different gun laws that they enforce at their whim. And when I say at their whim, what I mean is, of course, by how much youre willing to grease their palms. Its much safer and much easier simply to smuggle the guns and bypass all that unnecessary regulation. We buy them from traders who pick them up from Crimson Citys trash. We refurbish them and make sure theyre working, then sell them to the trade caravans. My father began it as a side business, and it proved to be extraordinarily lucrative. Then the trade caravans take the guns and do what they need in order for them to be sellable to the public, like adding safety features, serial numbers, and the like.
Youre a gun launderer.
Len laughed.
So thats what youre smuggling? Guns? And you intend to have them stolen? Then why have armed guards?
Those armed guards are members of the Amber Bones Gang. I hire them through a dummy security company I set up for that purpose. They tag along to make sure everything is going fine, then ride off into the night just before the attack. It is unfortunate, but the driver knows nothing about it. He offers a more believable cover story that way, and I look like Ive done everything I can to ensure the guns get safely to the trade caravan. If I didnt, they would surely have my head on a pike.
And now youre going to hire me to take out the leader of the gang that youre using to steal your own guns?
Technically they are the trade caravans guns since theyve already been paid for. But yes.
Len Dietrich sat at the desk and laced his fingers. And now that you understand the situation we can, at last, talk business. Yes, I do want you to take out the leader of the Amber Bones Gang. He goes by the name of Court Raleigh after the character from the folk story. I dont know his real name or where he came from. He claims that he came from the desert. We met a little under a year ago when he robbed a shipment I was making, and he was quite the eccentric character back then. But he is also a very charismatic leader, and he harbors an intense hatred for the trade caravans. He was willing to help me with my plan by attracting and training young men to join the ranks of what would become my own private army. Over time, however, hes become more and more unpredictable, and more and more violent. Ive heard disturbing stories of the way hes running the gang, and while Ive been willing to look the other way for a while the time has come to put a stop to it. For example, his attacks on the farms across the river and the murder of Ned Pith. I would never condone something like that. But I was willing to allow him to continue as long as nobody got hurt.
Well, somebody sure got hurt last night.
Yes, and thats on me for not taking action sooner. Court Raleigh has been using those raids as a means of training prospective members, and hes been stepping them up recently. Ive tried to get him to stop, but he has no respect for authority. I dont believe that hell obey me when the time comes. I was originally going to have Ms. Bann kill him for me, but your presence has given me an even better idea. The Browning Trade Caravan will be coming through Webster Grove in three days. You will take out the leader of the gang, and I will assume control of the rest of them before the Browning Family learns of my plot. Speed is of the essence here, or all of my plans will be for naught.
What makes you think theyll follow you?
Theyll follow me for the same reason the rest of this town will follow me: the promise of untold money and power. Once L & D Shipping controls all trade throughout the Free Lands, Webster Grove will be the wealthiest city of them all. Our streets will be paved with gold, and the poorest of our citizens will be wealthier than the wealthiest elite that Bradenfield has to offer. This will be my legacy, not only to my company and to my family, but to the city I love. Now, can I count on your assistance in this matter?
I dont have much interest in your politics or economic struggles, if thats what you mean, Thorn said. And personally, I think if you block trade flow through Webster Grove itll just find another way around, like when Longbenton tried to dam up the Old Foss with disastrous consequences. And Im not an assassin. Ill capture Court Raleigh, or whatever his name is, and bring him back as I would any other bounty. What you do with him will be your own business.
Thats disappointing. It will be much easier if you went ahead and killed him, but I suppose I could have a team ready to make him disappear the moment you bring him back. And in order for me to appear impartial to the rest of the gang, Ill have someone in town hall draw up an official bounty contract for the city to hire you, thereby washing my hands of the matter.
Didnt you arrest town hall this morning?
Len Dietrich smiled. So I did. Ill have to set up the printing press in the prison then.
Theres just one more thing.
And what is that?
Ill need to know where to find him and what he looks like.
As for where to find him, I dont know where the gangs base is. Somewhere in the wilderness. I think it would be better to draw him out in an ambush than to go after him directly. And as for what he looks like, well, I dont think youll have any trouble picking him out. Now, come. Ill have Ms. Bann assist with your preparations.
My preparations?
Yes, youre going to need a plan, arent you? And a gun?


17

Thorn, Len Dietrich, and Melina Bann traveled together to the familiar surroundings of the Len Dietrich Public Health Care Clinic. Thorn was curious why they had come back to this place, and entertained the notion that he was being set up for some purpose, but Len Dietrich merely smiled his arrogant smile as he led them into the morgue, located beneath the western ward. Thorn, already uncomfortable being back in the hospital, grew even more uneasy being in such a place of death. Len Dietrich went to the far wall, in the corner, where he unlocked one of the cabinets in which bodies are stored. He asked Thorn to step back before swinging open the door of the cabinet, and with it came half of the wall.
In the space revealed was a stone staircase that led down to a room as large as the hospital above. It was fortified with pillars and was filled with machines and equipment for refurbishing guns.
As he primed the piezo-pump on a lamp Len Dietrich explained, This hospital was originally a warehouse that served as the base for overland shipping. This room was used for storage and I had it closed off when I converted the building into a hospital.
Thorn was impressed as he looked around in the light of the lamp. He picked up a concussion rifle and whistled. I could do some damage with this.
Melina took it from him and set it back on the table.
As Thorn looked around at the equipment and the scant guns that were present, he was struck by the feeling that this place hadnt seen any use for some time. A fine layer of dust had settled over everything, and some of the piezo-pumps to power the machines didnt even have crystals in them.
It doesnt look like youve been doing much here, Thorn said as he picked through a pile of nonfunctioning guns.
You dont think that I would take you to one of my working gun refurbishing sites, do you?
Thorn picked up the concussion rifle again and leaned against the table, shooting Melina a smug smile as he did so. So why dont you just distribute guns to everyone in town? Why go through organizing this gang?
You cant put weapons of this caliber in the hands of ordinary people. They start getting ideas of empowerment. I dont want them feeling empowered. I want them feeling loyal.
Thorn ground his teeth together. He had heard the same kind of reasoning in Collective City. But he didnt say anything. This was a good job, and he was determined not to do anything else to screw it up.
So how do you get in touch with the gang?
I or Ms. Bann leave coded marks on secret places, alerting them to the time and date of a shipment. They, in turn, leave a response.
Since neither of you knows where their camp is, it seems like the best idea is to offer myself as bait. I could dress up as one of your employees and take a shipment of these guns that dont work.
Thats not a bad idea, Len Dietrich mused.
Does anyone else in your company know what youre doing?
Of course not. If word got to the trade families that I was stealing guns from them, they would have me strung up from the bridge.
But you trusted me enough to tell me everything.
Are you having thoughts of double-crossing me? Perhaps you believe that the Browning Family would pay you well for the information you carry?
Thorn shrugged. Id just like to know why you feel as though you can trust me with all this information in the first place.
Theres nothing you can do with the information, and youve been followed since you first came to my attention yesterday after attacking my front gate.
Right. I think you need to get better help then, because that guy you had following me didnt do too good a job.
He did a fine job of distracting you from the other person who was following you, and of giving you the satisfaction of having dispatched someone so you wouldnt look for anyone else.
Thorn swallowed hard and met Melinas icy gaze. Now it was her turn to offer him a smug smile.
And you figure if I run off to sell my information to the trade caravan that youll know about it and will be able to stop me.
Remember that youll have two gang members accompanying you as your guards. You may also think of them as your watchers. And the gang will know youre coming. They will find you and kill you before you can make it to the Browning Trade Caravan. They are just now outside of Herrickstead, if Im not mistaken, so youll never make it.
If youre offering yourself as bait, how do you plan on taking down Court Raleigh with the entire gang behind him? Melina asked.
Thorn patted the casing of the concussion rifle. If I had one of these babies I imagine I could do it.
Your job isnt to murder half the gang, Melina said harshly. Your job is to bring in their renegade leader.
But you are thinking in the right direction, I believe, Len Dietrich said. He thought for a moment, then went to a gun rack on the near wall where he selected a fat weapon with a round, bulbous head. Maybe not a concussion, but a compression, rifle. These use sound waves that can be amplified and modulated with these controls here. On the highest setting theyre capable of shattering stone, and are sometimes employed for that purpose to clear roads or mountain passes. On some of the lowest settings the sound waves cause a disorienting and nauseating effect on their targets that is perfect for crowd control.
Yes, Im familiar with their effects, Thorn said, setting down the concussion rifle and taking the proffered compression rifle.
There is one other matter I wished to discuss with you, Len Dietrich said. You were hunting the Amber Bones Gang because you were looking for one of their members? I need to know who and why.
And why do you need to know that?
I need to know everything.
Its a friends son Im looking for. I dont even think hes a full member of the gang yet. Name is Scott Tanning.
And why did he hire you to find him?
Because his son ran away from home and he was concerned.
As a member of my private army Scott Tanning stands to make a considerable amount of money when my plans come to fruition. After your job for me is finished you may report to the boys father that he is well taken care of. And in the event that he should meet with an unfortunate end in my service, his family will be made just compensation through my very generous survivor benefits package.
I think hed rather have his son back and you can keep the survivor benefits.
Im sure he would, but legally its the boys decision. And I dont see him turning down what I have to offer.
Very well. Ill send along his fathers message and let Scott decide for himself. So as far as my own plan goes, I just ride along with the two guards, wait until the Amber Bones have me surrounded and Ive got Court Raleigh in my sights, whip out this fine piece of machinery and blast everyone with sound waves, grab Court Raleigh while everyone else is retching their guts out, and make my way back here. That about the gist of it?
Thats about the gist of it, yes.
Sounds easy enough. When do I head out?
I will need time to get in touch with the gang and to watch for their response. In the meantime rest up as my guest at the Lean and Pale. Ill see that youre well taken care of.

The Lean and Pale Inn, Thorn discovered, catered mostly to the law enforcement population of the town. This is where the pale greens and Len Dietrichs private police came when they wanted to unwind. Thorn regretted being so open with Len Dietrich so as to arouse his suspicion to such a level, but Thorn was putting an awful lot of trust in the man and wanted to know for certain that he was not getting himself into trouble. He never had any intention of running to the Browning Trade Caravan to divulge what he had learned. Thorn didnt trust the trade families any more than he trusted Len Dietrich or Mayor Dinesh or anyone else. Sure, there was the possibility that they would pay him well for the information. But there was also the possibility that once they had extracted everything they wanted to know from him that he would disappear entirely. They were certainly powerful enough and unscrupulous enough to do it.
But the point was not lost on Thorn of being housed in the Lean and Pale until it was time for him to leave that evening: Len Dietrich didnt trust him either, and wanted to keep a very strict eye on him until it was time to move out. Thorn was still feeling invincible from the doctors injection that morning, and was more than willing to shake things up if it came to that. And by shake things up, he meant that he was more than willing to get into a massive bar fight right here in police central if it would send back the proper message to his new employer.
Thorn wasnt the only one who was looking to shake things up. With most of the pale greens having been incarcerated, and with everyone on the docks suddenly finding themselves without anything to do except to enjoy free liquor and food, the inn was jam-packed. Despite the presence of Len Dietrichs police it was also quite rowdy. They didnt seem interested in the least at preserving the peace or in putting a stop to people who got into fights or broke stuff.
Thorn elbowed his way to the bar and had a rum and soda set in front of him. Rum was the most popular drink on the wharf, the taste for it having been brought up from Level Shore and the islands beyond.
Len Dietrich had made sure that, despite the inns being overcrowded, Thorn had a room to stay in. Thorn knew that hed be better off if he went upstairs and tried to shut out the noise and get some sleep. He was going on a job, after all, and it would require his full attention, even if it did seem like the job itself would be a breeze. And he knew that he shouldnt be getting into fights or drinking too hard. But for all the shoulds, Thorn found himself in the middle of the bar drinking hard, and that bartender kept sliding fresh drinks in front of him whenever he reached the bottom of his tin cup.
Hey, I saw you at town hall this morning, said a rowdy sailor at Thorns elbow. Youre Len Dietrichs little pet boy, are you?
He pushed Thorn, and that was all the provocation Thorn needed. It would feel good to blow off some steam before heading out on this job. He wound up, but before he could deliver the blow a couple of other workers stepped in between them.
What have you got against Mr. Dietrich, huh? they demanded.
The first worker spat on the floor.
It aint right, is it? Arresting the police and town hall, giving us the rest of the week off. Hes just taking the power for himself, he is, and all you are dancing along to his merry tune.
So what if he is? Aint no one ever gave me a week off with pay before.
Who owns this city, huh? It sure as hell aint us. Youre just going to let Len Dietrich take whatever he wants, are you? Let him get richer off the sweat of your brow? And what happens after this week is over, huh? He aint gonna keep us like little women forever, is he? Is the work still gonna be here? How are you gonna feed your family when there aint no work to be had here cause Len Dietrichs dried it all up?
You heard him clear as the rest of us. Hes gonna pave the streets with gold, he is. Hes smart, unlike you. Hes got a plan and if we just stick with it well be rolling in money in no time.
The first worker spat on the floor again. Ill take a good solid paycheck over an empty promise any day of the week. And Mayor Dinesh always took our sides, didnt he? He was always there to help the workers of this town. He was one of the few bulwarks we had against your Len Dietrich.
Dinesh was Dietrichs puppet. He didnt do jack that Dietrich didnt approve of.
Thorn was frustrated that the fight had, so far, been confined to words and not fists. He didnt care one whit for all this political posturing. He wanted the opportunity to knock someones lights out, and that had been taken away from him when those other workers entered the argument. But the first worker, the particularly rowdy one that hated Len Dietrich so much, was not alone in his sentiment. He soon gathered others that took his side and before long the barroom floor was divided between them. Len Dietrichs private police seemed curiously uninterested in the brewing battle. They kept amongst themselves and only seemed interested in the lines that were being drawn insofar as they expected to see a good brawl.
There was some pushing and shoving as the shouting ratcheted up. Thorn was right in the middle of it. He had been pushed to the side of Len Dietrich supporters, although he felt no loyalty to the man. He had lined himself up to take down the rowdy worker who had shoved him.
Before things progressed much further into violence, however, and just as the worker was pulling his fist back to punch, still ranting loudly about Len Dietrich and how they were all being used, a thin arm snaked under his and around his neck from behind and slammed him face-first into one of the bolted-down tables. The rest of his compatriots, shocked and utterly deflated, stepped away from the young woman standing in their midst.
Melina Bann stared them down with her icy blue eyes while the rowdy worker bled from the nose on the floor.
You will get your revolution, she said. And the streets will be paved with gold.
One of the braver workers from the far side of the crowd said, Youre Len Dietrichs lackey. Why should we believe you?
There were a few assents, but in one quick motion Melina had taken the fight and the bluster out of them all. Thorn hadnt even seen her come in. Hed been so focused on that one rowdy worker that he hadnt been paying any attention to what was going on around him. He blamed it on the opium. And the rum. But mostly he blamed it on his own pigheadedness. His head felt clearer than it ever had, and yet at the same time it felt cloudier. The things he should have been paying attention to didnt even register with him, while the things that were utterly unimportant seemed to have taken on great significance.
It doesnt matter what you believe, Melina said. The revolution is coming. You can embrace it and march with us, or you can be trampled and left behind. Your choice.
The Lean and Pale had gone utterly quiet, but that didnt seem to faze Melina one bit. After staring down everyone in the bar she snapped at the bartender, ordering a soda without any alcohol in it. He promptly set it on the bar.
With me, she said and motioned for Thorn to follow her. It was the same motion, the same crisp tone of authority, which her employer had used that morning. Thorn was again struck by how fluid and efficient her every movement was. He stepped over the worker clutching his bleeding nose on the floor and followed her up the stairs and past the bedrooms to a balcony that overlooked the wharf. Here she ordered the current occupants of the corner table to leave before sitting down herself.
She sat on the bench seat with her back to the corner and the balcony ledge to her left side. It was a very defensible position, with a view of anyone who might come out of the inn, as well as a clear view down the wharf.
Are you expecting trouble? Thorn asked as he sat down opposite her.
You saw what they think of Len Dietrich and his lackey. I dont believe that its quite sunk in with them yet that the Bradenfield police have been dismissed and that there is no law in this town. They are currently in a state of anarchy and can currently do anything they wish, and yet they choose to wallow in these filth holes along the wharf. I suppose its true what they say of human nature.
And what is it they say about human nature?
Melina ignored the question. And youre no better than they are. Youre given a few hours to rest up for a job and you take the opportunity to become slovenly drunk and get into bar fights.
I didnt get into any bar fights. You put a right stop to that.
But you wanted to. I saw it in your eyes.
Just expressing my base human nature, I guess.
Melina gazed out over the river. The sun was low in the sky and cast a melon-colored hue over the landscape. The river was eerily calm without the barges moving up and down it, without the ringing of the wharf bells and the creaking of the loading cranes, and without the constant whoosh of the inflow and outflow of water in the lock. The scene over the river was serene, like a portrait.
Your friends son, whats his name again?
Scott Tanning. Thorn produced the photograph that Rich had given him and showed it to her. Have you seen him?
Melina looked at the young man in the photograph for a few moments before shaking her head and handing the picture back. And he was your only reason for tracking down the gang?
Before Dietrich gave me the job, yeah.
Thorn, I wanted to ask you something. Melinas voice had taken on an earnestness that made Thorn a little uneasy. Do you support this?
I dont understand.
Mr. Dietrichs plan for the city. Taking control of trade in the Free Lands and pushing out the trade caravans.
Thorn shrugged. It doesnt much matter to me.
You dont have a problem with one man seizing that much power for himself?
As opposed to the power the trade caravans currently wield? Its not my fight. Besides, if he can follow through on his ambition to provide trade on demand, rather than having to wait for a caravan to come through, I think that might be a good thing. If I run out of coffee I could just go and put an order in for some more.
Coffee, or opiates?
Thorn looked surprised, although Melinas cold eyes didnt seemed to revel in the cleverness of her assertion.
I noticed the symptoms, she said dismissively. It takes a former addict to know one, I suppose.
Im not an addict; I just had one shot.
But it made you feel real good, didnt it? Made you feel a thrill for life that youd thought had been worn away by the years, didnt it?
Thorn closed his mouth.
It wont just be one shot, and you may not be an addict yet but youre on the threshold. Would you fight for the trade caravans if the price were right?
I Thorn began, but he didnt really know what to say. His head was spinning from Melinas insight into his character and he was afraid to say anything lest she peer further into his psyche.
You would, because you dont believe in anything, Melina finished for him.
Its not my fight, Thorn said. If you dont like the way things are going you could always just move out to the Western Frontier. Thats what I did, and every time I come into town I appreciate that decision more and more. And no, I usually steer clear of the trade caravans. Theyre a headache to work for.
I think youll find Mr. Dietrich a headache to work for. What if I gave you the opportunity to turn on him and walk away from this job?
I dont know what your angle is, but Im being paid very well for this.
Thats what I thought. Youre a mercenary and you dont believe in anything.
Thats the second time youve said that. What exactly do you believe in if not looking after yourself and your own self-interests?
I used to be like you. I was an orphan. Invisible. I didnt believe in anything outside of my own self-interest, and I did a lot of things to survive that Im not very proud of. But I was born to survive. I watched as other people died while I grew stronger. But I learned that it is an empty existence, only looking after yourself. I would rather make a difference. I cant turn a blind eye to everything anymore. Not like you.
To everything? Im not following you. And why would you want me to turn on Len if you support this revolution he keeps talking about?
Melina finished her tin cup of soda water and rose from the table. I dont want you to turn on him. He sent me to test your loyalty, and you passed. She nodded towards the sun, which had sunk lower in the sky as they were talking. It will be dark soon. Your wagon will be ready to depart. Ive left a farmers disguise in your room. Change and meet me by the loading area at the wharf.
In the blink of an eye she was gone, and Thorn was left, again, to admire her quick and agile nature.


18

Thorn was sitting on the bench seat of a wagon pulled by two horses and slowly moving west into the wilderness. He was dressed as a farmer with a red and gold blanket draped over his back, which served the dual purpose of providing warmth against the nights cold, and to conceal the compression rifle strapped to his back. Melina Bann had designed the strap from a piece of leather. It fit comfortably over Thorns back, and provided easy access to the grip with his right hand just by reaching to the rear of his hip. Once the gun was in place he practiced drawing it a few times to get a feel for the quick-draw capability that she had built into the strap and harness.
Melina Bann had met him at the loading area at the end of the wharf not long after she had left him at the Lean and Pale. She seemed even colder than usual, and Thorn was left with the feeling that he had done something to anger her. When he attempted to talk, her answers were curt and dismissive. After a few tries he gave up and became irritated with her in return. She had been right about him at the inn: right about his drinking, and right about his drug use. It felt too good, and he had already been making plans to get his hands on some more once this high wore off. What had the doctor said? A few days? He was already feeling the high from the morning ebbing away. In a few days hed definitely be back to normal, and all those aches and pains would come with it. Thorn didnt want to feel the aches and pains anymore. He wanted to feel like he could fly. And Melina had seen those secret thoughts just as clearly as if they had been written on his forehead, and that irritated Thorn more than he could put into words.
They loaded some old boxes of grain into the back of the wagon in silence. Once they were loaded Thorn cracked the lid of one at random to verify its contents, reaching in with his arm to feel deep into the grain.
No guns? he asked.
Youre not smuggling guns. Youre collecting a bounty.
You take all the fun out of it. Where is your boss? Hes not going to see me off?
Mr. Dietrich is very busy overseeing the final preparations for his plan. Hes already spent too much time coddling you.
Coddling me?
Melina shoved the compression rifle into Thorns arms. Here are the frequency and amplitude modulators. Ive already set them both to produce the desired effect so theres no need for you to touch them. The safety button is here, and will remain depressed until youre ready to fire. Press this button here on the side for five seconds to warm it up, then press and hold the trigger to fire. The compression waves will project in a forty-five degree cone, and you can hold the trigger for about thirty seconds before youll need to re-prime it with this button on the side again. That thirty seconds should be more than enough to incapacitate most people.
How long will they be incapacitated?
This weapon will produce vertigo, disorientation, nausea, and discomfort that can last for several minutes.
And youre positive its nonlethal?
Yes of course its nonlethal as long as you dont fiddle with the settings.
As they were talking Thorn had depressed the safety and held the indicated button which would prime the weapon. He did this while turning it over in his hands, pretending to admire the heft, the bulbous muzzle, and the textured grip. After counting to five he aimed the weapon at Melina and pulled the trigger. At first he didnt think that anything had happened. He was expecting a noise, or a hum, or something, but there was nothing. The effect it had on Melina, however, was instant and very satisfying. She doubled over and began coughing and retching, seemingly unable to keep her balance and grasping at her stomach and her head. She fell to her knees and clawed at the ground.
Thorn released the trigger and set the gun on the back of the wagon before attempting to help her to her feet. Melina refused his hand and instead took a swing at him. It was a wide swing, and caused her to fall flat on her face where she remained for a few seconds, groaning and holding her head in her hands. Gone were the crisp and efficient movements that Thorn had admired. She was, as promised, incapacitated and unable to fight. Heck, she was barely able to stand.
What in the hell was that? she demanded from between her fingers.
Just verifying for myself that it works, Thorn said, smirking again. Ive never used one of these before.
He couldnt say that he hadnt take a certain level of delight in seeing her taken down like that. It made Thorn feel better after she had pried into his secret thoughts and revealed things that he didnt like having revealed. And, yes, Thorn knew he was taking too much petty delight in seeing her brought down, and yes there was a part of him that was scolding himself for acting like a petulant child, but there was another, currently louder, part of him that was enjoying this too immensely to listen.
But she managed to deflate even that petty joy by dragging herself into a sitting position on the back of the wagon and saying, Yes, I suppose I can understand not wanting to take an untested weapon into battle. You could have tried it on a dock worker, though.
Do you really think well need all this? Thorn said, waving a hand at the wagon and the cargo, and at his own outfit as a farmer.
It has to look real. I think were ready here.
What about the two guards Im supposed to have?
Theyll meet us at the edge of town.
Melina climbed onto the bench seat beside Thorn. She was still noticeably woozy and had to steady herself after the climb up. When she caught Thorn watching her she glared at him.
You know Im not comfortable being flanked by two members of the gang, Thorn said as they made their way over the Foamingwake Bridge.
Its necessary. Every single time weve smuggled guns weve had two undercover guards provided by the gang itself. They wont know your real mission, and they wont speak to you. When you get near the ambush spot theyll ride off and leave you to be attacked. Wait until Court Raleigh has revealed his presence, then pull out the compression rifle.
This isnt my first bounty. I think I can handle myself.
We shall see.
The two gang members met them at the edge of town. Melina introduced them as Tom Marron and David Scontz. Thorn nodded to them but they didnt return the greeting. They were dressed as farmers as well, wearing old denim and wide hats pulled low over their heads. Melina exchanged a few short words with them after she dismounted from the wagon.
Without being too obvious Thorn searched their faces for the tattoos hed come to associate with the gang: the skull and crossed skeletal hands. Neither of them bore the mark, although Thorn thought he could discern a patch of skin under their right eyes that didnt quite match the rest of their faces. These might have been patches where make-up had been applied to cover the tattoo, and would have done a fine job for anyone not specifically looking for it. Thorn imagined that they had pistols tucked into their belts as well. They made him very uneasy, especially as they rode somewhat to his flank on either side, where he couldnt see them, but at least they would provide advanced warning of the ambush when they rode off into the night. Thorn just had to keep a wary eye on them until then.
The purple sky was twinkling with stars by the time they had ridden clear of the farmlands. Ahead they could see the amber dunes silhouetted against the sky. The sound of the horses hooves on the hard-packed road was somniferous over the deafening silence of the hills. The image of Brad Hadliks panicked reaction kept popping into Thorns mind. It had seemed so silly in the light of day: the spectacle of yellow dune bikes erupting over the dunes and the ghoulish figure of Court Raleigh stalking his victims from out of some folk story. But now, out here alone and vulnerable in the gathering darkness, it didnt seem so silly.
Thorn had to keep his imagination from running away from him. He knew what to expect, and couldnt allow fear or anxiety to begin taking hold. For comfort he reached back and held the firm grip of the compression rifle. The movement was concealed under the blanket, but Thorn cast glances right and left behind him anyway. The two gang members werent even looking at him. They were riding along on their horses with their heads down, not looking to the sides, and barely keeping an eye on the road in front of them. They were young and clean shaven, and they didnt appear to be very experienced horsemen as they allowed the horses to direct their own courses, for the most part, and when they veered from the road only clumsily and with great effort did they bring them back onto course.
Thorn wasnt the best horseman either, although he never would have admitted as much to Melina Bann. But his, at least, were able to follow a straighter path simply by walking in step with each other. Thorn had to guide them around bends in the road, but the animals were well-trained and followed his directions obediently. But he was uncomfortable with them, and more than once found himself wishing that Len Dietrich could have used buggies like a normal person.
The road, at least, was comfortable to Thorn, as it would in a few days time lead straight back to Herrickstead. He hadnt been this far east in a while, but things had not changed much. This section of the Western Frontier had been set since the days when pioneering had been driving people further and further west. Nowadays there might be some new refreshment shops, or some new fuel cookers setting up along the road, but nothing drastic. And the road itself charted the most efficient means of traveling across the Western Frontier, as it had been designed and was maintained by the trade caravans in one of their complicated contracts. They used quite a lot of fuel in their endless trek, and so had it in their best interests to keep their roads as efficient and clean as possible.
Just as Thorn was musing that the trade caravans kept the roads clean, and as if to prove the exception to the rule, the wagon wheels rode over a sharp rock in the road, causing the cargo in back to shift and thump audibly. After he recovered from the shock Thorn pulled the horses to a stop and looked suspiciously over his shoulder at the tarp covering the crates. Grain shouldnt thump like that. It sounded as though there was something inside one of the crates that had knocked against the inner wall, and whatever it was sounded heavy.
If he knew that he was carrying guns Thorn would have thought nothing of it. A large gun like the one currently strapped to his back might produce a sound like that. Thorn wondered if Melina had secretly placed weapons in the crates after all. Perhaps he was being used as an unwitting gun mule. If that were the case, then it was her intention to have him taken by the gang. But then why give him the compression rifle? He had checked one box at random and had found it to be filled with just grain. But what of the rest?
These thoughts occurred to Thorn in an instant, and he didnt have long to mull them over. Suddenly Thorn felt vulnerable. It was too dark to see the road ahead of them, although Thorn knew where they were. It was a stretch of road through a particularly hilly and rocky patch of wilderness. It seemed to be the perfect place for an ambush.
Whats wrong? asked one of the gang members as he struggled to pull his horse alongside of the wagon.
It was David Scontz. He was the one riding on Thorns right hand.
Did you hear something? Thorn asked. His hand was on the grip of the compression rifle.
No, David answered. He turned his head to listen.
With the horses stopped there wasnt much sound over the silence of the hills. The night wind was steadily increasing and came as a low moan over the rocky landscape.
Come on, lets get up over this next hill and well light the lamps to have a look around, David said.
As he was talking there came another thump from the rear of the wagon. David looked sharply around at the noise, and then pretended he hadnt heard it. This time Thorn couldnt write the sound off as something shifting in the crate from the wagons movement because the wagon wasnt moving. And yet, something inside the crate was moving.
I think Ill stay right here, Thorn said.
David and Tom exchanged glances.
Ok, David said. If youre spooked, thats ok. Well just do a short ride around and check things out, ok?
Yeah, sure, Thorn said.
They rode off into the darkness. Going to inform the rest of your gang that Im not going to meet their ambush, Thorn said under his breath after he watched them disappear.
He tightened his grip on the rifle. This was it. Theyd bring the rest of the gang from where they were camped further ahead. Even though he knew the bikes would give them away before they grew close, Thorn was looking about in all directions.
Thorn was on edge as he waited. He was taking long, slow breaths because his breathing sounded very loud to his ears. He wanted to be alert to the first indication of a dune bike engine. So far there was nothing but the night wind, steadily growing, steadily moaning and hissing.
He was startled by a third thump in the crate. He wanted to go back there and see what it was, but he dare not move from his post. He was expecting the Amber Bones Gang and their leader at any moment. He couldnt be caught checking through the cargo. And yet that thump was ominous. It set the hairs on the back of his neck standing on end.
The horses were restless, as if they didnt understand why they were stopped and wanted to either be on their way or to settle in for the night. Thorn attempted to steady them over the stomping of their hooves and the champing of their bits because he wanted to be able to hear the gang the moment they came within range. This waiting around was trying his nerves.
After another thump from the crate Thorn decided that he couldnt let it go any longer. He had to know what was in there, but just as he was stealing himself to jump down from the seat the night exploded.
All at once, as if they were released from an angry hive of yellow jackets, a half dozen dune bikes came roaring over the hills. They swarmed around the wagon, making the already restless horses rear in terror. The riders were dressed in black, with amber bandanas covering their faces, black skeletal hands touching just over their mouths.
Thorn gripped the reins and the compression rifle tight. The sudden fright had almost made him draw the rifle prematurely. It wasnt time yet. Their leader had not yet appeared. Thorn had to fight his instinctive response to fight as he allowed them to circle the wagon.
The angry buzzing of the dune bikes waned as they came to a stop at once and pointed their headlamps at Thorn in the center of their circle. They had surrounded him, so he wouldnt be able to hit them all at once with the waves from the compression rifle. Hed have to do the best he could, and was already planning on which side to hit first. Depending, of course, from where their leader appeared.
The bikers in front of him pulled back, creating a hole in the circle. So, its to be the direct approach, Thorn thought to himself. It was an approach he could appreciate.
This was it. A figure was walking towards him. No, three figures were walking towards him. The front figure would probably be Court Raleigh. Thorn cast a glance over his shoulder to make sure no one was sneaking up on him while he was distracted. The bikers in the rear of the circle were sitting idly and hadnt moved. He knew that hed have to be fast on the draw with the compression rifle. Already his thumb had found the priming button and was holding it down. The safety had long-since been depressed.
But something was wrong.
The central figure walking towards him was dressed in a solid black outfit with a black helmet over its head. The two figures on either side wore black bandanas with amber skeletal hands, just as the biker that Thorn had taken to be the leader of the raid on the Pith farm had been. He figured that the black bandanas marked them as officers or something of the like. As they drew closer and Thorn got a good look at their eyes he recognized them as David Scontz and Tom Marron.
But the central figure didnt look or act like what he had been led to believe was Court Raleigh. He was expecting something extravagant, or eccentric, rather, as Len Dietrich had described him. He had said that Thorn wouldnt be able to mistake him for anyone else, but this figure was just dressed in all black and wearing a helmet. Was he in disguise? Was he the herald for Court Raleigh?
As the figured stopped in front of the wagon Thorn fingered the trigger of the compression rifle with anticipation because he didnt know what to do. If this wasnt Court Raleigh and he drew too early, he risked scaring the real thing into hiding in the wilderness. But if he didnt draw he risked being captured by these three and their minions surrounding the wagon.
Are you Court Raleigh? Thorn asked.
The central figure shook its head. Then it pointed. David Scontz and Tom Marron moved forward, unsheathing their sparker pistols as they closed on Thorn.
Thorn snapped his head around quickly. Court Raleigh wasnt here. For whatever reason, and a dozen or so ideas sprung to Thorns mind at once, he had not been part of this raid. And now, with these two armed bikers closing in on him Thorn didnt have a choice. He wouldnt be able to take Court Raleigh as he had hoped, but maybe if he could incapacitate them and take a prisoner he might be able to interrogate him and find the base in the wilderness. At the moment it was the only option available to him.
As David Scontz and Tom Marron closed around him Thorn whipped out the compression rifle and pulled the trigger.
It did nothing. Nobody doubled over. Nobody coughed or retched or demonstrated any of the symptoms of vertigo.
Thorn smacked the side of the casing. He pressed and depressed the safety to make sure it was off and began priming it again. Maybe he hadnt primed it enough. Or maybe he had primed it too much. Maybe the battery had gone dead during the trip.
He pulled the trigger again, and again nothing happened.
David and Tom had come alongside him, having climbed up onto the side of the wagon. David held a sparker pistol to Thorns head while Tom ripped the compression rifle from his hands. Thorn was motioned to step down. He was pushed to his knees in front of the biker in the helmet while Tom went around to the back of the wagon. He pulled out two of the crates; they cracked open on the road and spilled their cargo of grain. Then he pulled a third crate out and pried it open.
Len Dietrichs semi-conscious body fell out. He was gagged and bound at the hands and feet.
Thorn closed his eyes. His stomach sank with the realization of how badly he had screwed up. When he opened his eyes he looked up at the mirrored face shield of the biker standing over him. He could see his reflection clearly in it, and he didnt like the dumb look he saw on his face one little bit.
Melina Bann, I presume?
She pulled the helmet off and shook her short blonde hair.
You rode ahead of me to lead the ambush. Were you a member of the gang all along?
Im not a full member yet. After this triumph, I will be. Court Raleigh will reward me well.
You sabotaged my gun?
The gun works fine. The battery, however, is quite dead. When you pulled it on me back in Webster Grove, well, that was just a little bit of play acting on my part. Secure him.
Thorn gritted his teeth as Tom Marron bound his wrists tightly behind him.
Whats going to happen now? Thorn asked.
Youve been so anxious to meet Court Raleigh, that I think its just about time you did.
Thorn was hit on the back of the neck, and everything went black.


19

For Thorn it was a slow climb back to consciousness. He rubbed the back of his neck where hed been hit and his fingers closed around a swollen knot. He touched it tenderly. It was sore, but not as sore as he would have expected. In fact, aside from the excessive grogginess that had left a thick haze in his head, he wasnt feeling too much pain at all. He smiled as he remembered the opiate injection from the doctor that morning.
That morning! It seemed like such a long time ago. And now, looking around, it was night. Thorn didnt know how long hed been out. It could have been a full day, or it could have been just a few hours.
He found himself curled up on the floor of an iron cage just large enough for him to sit in. Fires were burning outside. No, they were bonfires. Dozens of black and amber-clad people were partying around the flames.
Thorn brushed his knuckles on his shirt to get the sand off before rubbing his eyes. He tried to get a bearing on where he was, but his view from the cage didnt afford him much of a perspective. The bonfires cast enough illumination so he could see that they were in a large sandy bowl. A rocky outcropping on the western side, and Thorn knew it was west by the position of the stars, covered what could have been a cave. He couldnt see for sure because there were too many tents in the way. Tents were all over the place. Towards the bottom of the bowl was a race track that wound its way around the bonfires and the tents. Thorn watched several bikers racing in the glimpses he was able to catch between the obstructions. They were brutal, openly punching and kicking each other. One of them got shoved off his bike and flipped over the handlebars, tumbling down the incline. It was a wonder he hadnt broken his neck.
More than anything else that struck him as he was looking around, Thorn was surprised by the numbers of the Amber Bones. He had expected a small gang, but from where he was he could count at least two dozen. And those were just the ones he could see. The real number was probably closer to thirty . . . or forty.
Hed been focused so intently on figuring out where he was and getting an idea of the lay of the camp that Thorn had ignored the smaller details of his immediate surroundings. He became aware of movement near him and realized that he was not alone. Len Dietrich was lying unconscious in the cage next to his.
The Amber Bones were drinking, shouting, laughing, racing, and smoking Mr. Piths cannabis flower long into the night. Thorn was able to shut them out enough to get some sleep after a while. It was difficult to get comfortable in the cramped confines of the cage, but by lying on his back, with his legs braced against the bars and his neck crooked in the corner, he managed a few hours sleep.
Thorn was awake before dawn, but there wasnt much for him to see. The gang members were passed out and sleeping in their tents. The incessant buzzing of the dune bikes, which had continued long into the night, was silent. The only sound was the eastern wind whipping over the ridge. It was bringing with it the sun. Already Thorn could make out the long shadows of the tents over him. In a few hours that sun would come blazing over the ridge and he wouldnt have any protection at all from its fury.
Len Dietrich was awake but he was sitting so stolidly and motionless that at first Thorn didnt notice that his eyes were open. Neither of them spoke.
As the sun peeked over the ridge the sounds of the gangs awakening began to stir in the great sandy bowl. Nearly everyone was hung over and moving slowly. From deeper in the bowl came the clanking sounds of tin on tin as someone began making breakfast. A few dune bikes were kicked to life, and carried their riders one way or the other on missions that were unknown to Thorn and his companion in the cages.
Thorn had dozed into a light sleep when someone knocked on the cage door. He found a bowl was being offered through the bars. Looking past the bowl Thorn recognized the young man offering it to him, from the hazel eyes to the sandy hair and swarm of freckles over his nose and cheeks.
Thorn was about to say something but Scott Tanning shook his head adamantly. He never met Thorns eyes. Thorn had difficulty reading Scotts face. The one thing he could see was fear, and that emotion clouded everything else.
Scott moved to Len Dietrichs cage and pushed a bowl through for him as well. Dietrich grabbed Scotts wrist. The sudden movement caught him and Thorn by surprise.
I demand to speak with Melina Bann, Dietrich hissed.
Scott swallowed hard and shook his head.
From behind a few gang members were coming out of their tent, stretching in the morning sun. Someone had passed out on the ground and was waking up in a pool of vomit. One of the gang members called to Scott, Hey, kid! Get over here and clean this up!
Scott tried to pull away from Len Dietrich, but he was held fast.
Im not letting you go until you promise to bring Melina Bann to me. Shes still in the camp?
Scott nodded once.
Hey, kid, Im talking to you! Get your butt over here, now.
Yessir, Scott said over his shoulder. Then more quietly to the man who had his wrist, I cant. Shell kill me.
You will, Len Dietrich said and threw Scotts wrist back at him.
Scott scurried away to where the gang member had been calling him and began cleaning. The gang member put his boot on the back of Scotts head and pressed his face into the vomit.
Next time I give you a job you better do it, kid. Understand me?
Yessir, Scott said meekly.
Some of the other gang members standing nearby had a good laugh. Scott looked like he was going to puke himself, and had scrunched his face up to hold it back. When the gang member removed the boot from Scotts head, Scott pulled himself to his knees and began cleaning again, ignoring the sand and vomit sticking to the side of his face.
Did I give you permission to get up, kid?
Nno sir.
Scott slowly lowered himself back into the nauseating puddle.
I swear, these kids they keep finding. No way this one will make it through the trial by strength. No way hes getting into the gang. Im going to stake you out for cleaning myself, kid.
They abused him for a while before getting bored and sending him to find something else to do.
The tin bowl Thorn had been handed contained oatmeal with a few pieces of boiled cactus meat in it. Thorn began eating with his fingers, as they hadnt given him any utensils. Len Dietrich didnt touch his.
Looks like youre going to have to find some new help, Thorn said between slurps.
Len Dietrich didnt say anything for a while. It wasnt until Thorn was nearly done with his oatmeal and cactus that Len Dietrich finally said, I trusted her. She was my personal bodyguard and assistant for five years.
Then you dont know how long shes been working against you?
Len shook his head. I made her liaison to the gang. I couldnt allow anyone to know what I was doing lest word leak out. If the trade caravans discovered my plans too soon it would have been disastrous. So I relied on the one person I thought I could trust to oversee all communication and planning with the gang. I gave her too much power, and allowed her too much secrecy. I see that now.
You think?
When I get out of here I am going to destroy every last remnant of the Amber Bones Gang. Ill enlist my own army out of the people of Webster Grove. Thats what I should have done to begin with. Give them something to fight for.
Are you going to eat that? Thorn pointed to the untouched bowl in Lens cage.
I dont know how you can stomach this slop.
It doesnt matter what I think about it. Food is food.
Len shook his head and looked away at the sunrise.
If youre not going to eat it then give it to me.
Len spilled some of the oatmeal when he turned the bowl to pass it through the bars, but Thorn was grateful for the extra food.
I suppose that I might have to rely on your strength to get us out of here, Len said. Make no mistake, you will be well rewarded for your efforts if you help me.
Lets not get ahead of ourselves. What about the leader of the gang? The guy you hired me to bring back?
I met the man calling himself Court Raleigh almost a year ago. As I told you before I dont know his true name. My fathers health was ailing and I had begun to take more and more responsibility over the business. I was, however, still running some of my more delicate shipments personally. I was attacked by Court Raleigh and a small band of his misfits. He impressed me greatly. He was charismatic, strong, able, and ruthless. I had already been formulating my ideas on where I wanted to take the company, and circumstance had delivered the perfect candidate into my hands to begin forming for me a personal army. I told him the outline of my plans. I promised him money, guns, supplies, and power if he agreed to help me.
With a pitch like that, how could he say no?
It would appear that he found a way.
Len Dietrich lapsed back into silence, and he became more morose as the hours passed and Melina Bann never appeared. Thorn attempted to get more information out of him about the gang, but Len was resolutely silent. He sat in his cage staring straight ahead.
Thorn watched the Amber Bones as best as he was able from the low vantage point, gathering what information he could about their numbers and strength. Len Dietrich truly had raised a small army, not that he was seeing much use from it at the moment.
Besides watching the gang Thorn spent most of the day poking at his confines, looking for a way to escape. The cage was old and showed signs of rust in a few places, but it was otherwise strong and solid. Judging from its size and shape, it looked as though it had been designed to hold livestock. Thorn lay on his back and tried kicking the door, but he couldnt generate enough leverage in the small enclosure to make any kind of dent. He reached around to feel the hinges that held the door in place: there were two of them and the hinge pins had a wide head. Thorn could feel the tiniest amount of space between them and the knuckles. He tried pressing a pin with his thumb but it wouldnt budge. If he had a screwdriver, or at least a flat piece of metal, he might be able to work them out. But Thorn had neither so for the time being, at least, he was stuck.


20

Melina Bann came to visit them in their cages that afternoon. She was dressed in solid black, with a pair of knee-high black boots and a black jacket. Thorn was watching her approach, but Len Dietrich didnt notice, as he had fallen into a light sleep. She kneeled to peer into Len Dietrichs cage through her humorless blue eyes framed by her short bob haircut.
As if sensing that he was being watched Len awoke with a start, and finding himself staring down those blue eyes, he set his jaw.
Melina, he said.
Len, she said, and smiled. The smile did nothing to add humor to her face. In fact, she looked even colder with the corners of her lips turned up.
Len moved forward and gripped the bars of the cage. You know what Im worth, Melina. Whatever theyre paying you, I can beat it. You will live like royalty when weve seized Webster Grove and taken control of trade.
She turned her cold blue eyes on Thorn and said, Did you know that Mr. Dietrich intended to send you to your death? He never expected you to capture the head of the Amber Bones Gang.
No, you betrayed us both and sabotaged that compression rifle, Thorn said.
Melina shook her head. No, that was Mr. Dietrich. You were, at first, a minor annoyance, but when you crossed that river leading the farmers and the dockworkers behind you, well, suddenly you had become a threat and Mr. Dietrich cant abide having anyone else stealing his preeminence in his town.
Thorn turned to Len Dietrich. I was never leading them. They were already angry over Bradenfields strangling their farms out of existence and the lack of police protection from threats like this gang.
Both of which, Melina said before Len could answer, were caused by our own Mr. Dietrich. I dont know what line he fed you about the gang, but theyve been following his orders explicitly: attacking the farms, creating chaos. Oh, and while Mr. Dietrich is not responsible for the laws that Bradenfields been passing, he has been instrumental in their rigorous enforcement.
But to what end?
Would you like to tell him, Mr. Dietrich? Every time Melina said Mr. Dietrich she intoned the name heavily and sarcastically.
You were my bodyguard for five years, Len said. You were loyal to me.
Five miserable years. You represent everything I despise about humanity. Your greed. Your callousness for human life, especially for those less fortunate than you. You inherited your daddys business and grew up spoiled, never wanting for a thing. Never having to worry about where your next meal came from. Never questioning your destiny in this life. I was spat into the world as an orphan and had to fight for every scrap of food that went into my mouth.
I paid you. I recognized your talents and I paid you well for them. And every one of those workers in that town will benefit once Ive seized control of trade. We will be the wealthiest city in the entire land. Those who remained loyal to me would have been rewarded beyond their wildest dreams.
Melina spat on him. When I met Court Raleigh last year I found in him a kindred spirit. He represented something to me that you never could. He showed me that there are things in life worth fighting for, above and beyond your narrow-minded pursuit of money. You and your kind, there wont be a place for you, not when we come and take back everything that youve stolen from us. You will be trampled under the revolution just like the rest of them.
Len Dietrich was too stunned to answer, and in the space of time that his mouth was hanging agape Thorn asked, What do you mean the rest of them? What are you planning?
Melina turned. Ive told Court Raleigh a great deal about you, Thorn. He is interested to meet you. Tonight I prove myself to become a full member of the gang. He would very much like you to be his special guest at the contest.
Im not going to have much of a choice, am I?
What about me? Len asked.
Oh, youll be attending as well, Melina said, although she never took her eyes from Thorns. Court Raleigh believes there may be a place for you among us, and that you may be beneficial to our revolution. I told him that youre no different from Mr. Dietrich and his type. Youre a mercenary, ruled by greed and the pursuit of your own selfish welfare. But he wishes the chance to see for himself. Court Raleigh is an excellent judge of character. He can see into a persons soul and can determine the worth of a man.
Ill bet he can.
Melina turned back to Len Dietrich. You should be resting up. Youve got a big night ahead of you.
What does that mean? Len demanded, but Melina only smirked as she got up and walked away. He called after her, What does that mean?
He leaned back hard, hitting his head against the bars of the cage in frustration.
So, Thorn said after a few moments silence, while you were plotting to betray me, your personal assistant was in the act of betraying you. And now were both stuck in a cage and at their mercy. Has to be a little bit of poetic irony in there somewhere, doesnt it?
Dont listen to her. Shes lying to you.
I think shes the first person to tell me the truth in some time.
Court Raleigh is sick in the head. You cant let them get to you.
But I think you were perfectly aware of how sick in the head Court Raleigh was. I think you wanted it that way so he could spread chaos and destruction, get all those little townspeople to come rallying to you as their savior.
Len Dietrich shook his head slowly. You dont understand at all. But my offer still stands. You get me out of here, and I will make you wealthy beyond your wildest dreams.
Im not so sure Im willing to trust you a second time, Thorn replied.
The sun had nearly completed its long, cruel trek across the sky and once again Thorn and Len Dietrich found themselves sheltered by shadows as it began to dip over the western ridge. The gang had spent most of the day in much the same manner as they had spent the previous night: engaging in drinking, smoking, bike racing, jousting, and tormenting those prospective members, like Scott Tanning, who had not yet proven themselves to be allowed fully into the fold. As the sun began to set, however, the gang began congregating further down out of Thorns range of vision. Thorn figured that this must be the ceremony, or test that Melina had spoken of, which would allow her to become a full member. Thorn had no idea what it entailed, although he noticed Len Dietrich becoming increasingly nervous as the day came to a close.
David Scontz and Tom Marron, wearing black bandanas to cover their faces, came and took Len Dietrich away after the sun had begun to set. He kicked and flailed when they reached into the cage to haul him out, and it wasnt until David stuck a sparker pistol in Lens face that he calmed down enough for them to bind his arms behind him. As they were marching him away Len attempted to barter for his freedom: offering them money and riches and power. His pleas fell on deaf ears.
The sun had been over half-consumed by the ridge when three gang members, these wearing amber bandanas, came to Thorns cage. They were carrying metal spears, which they thrust through the bars as a warning not to try anything. The tips of the spears were razor sharp, and looked to be capable of tearing through flesh at the slightest provocation.
Thorn the Bounty Hunter, one of them said, gloating from his position of power, standing over the cage and menacing Thorn with the spear, you are summoned to witness the trial by strength of Melina Bann as Court Raleighs personal guest. You will be chained, and any attempt to resist will be met with immediate death.
As if to emphasize exactly how immediate that death would be, his two compatriots rattled their spears against the bars of the cage. They ordered Thorn out and on the ground so his wrists could be bound with iron manacles. He didnt like acquiescing without a fight, but considering that they could easily have speared him where he sat there wasnt much to be gained from resisting. So, for now, he played along and allowed himself to be manacled.
Once his hands were secured they ran a chains from his wrists to his ankles, binding them as well, and hobbling him so he could only take half-steps.
Thorn had only been able to see a small part of the camp from his cage, and was forced to guess at the size of the rest of it. As he was marched at spear point towards the western side of the bowl, however, he got a good view of the whole thing, and discovered to his dismay that the camp was even bigger than his biggest estimates. The race track that wound its way throughout the camp, which he had estimated to be no more than a quarter of a mile, looped around for over half a mile at least. There were dozens of tents, and four large bonfires providing light during the encroaching darkness. They passed near to one of the large bonfires, and it was indeed impressive, with flames reaching nearly twenty feet into the night air.
Everyone had gathered in an open pavilion in front of the outcropping of rocks on the western side of the bowl. It was here that Thorn was led. A particularly large tent, amber in color and striped with black, obscured the entrance to a cave in the rocks. On either side were smaller tents: one amber and one black. As Thorn was shoved along he counted the number of the Amber Bones to be near forty. His outside estimate had been correct. He made this reckoning with a sinking feeling in his stomach. It was going to be very difficult to get out of here. The gang members were crowded in a circle, drinking and ordering the prospective members around. Thorn caught sight of Scott Tanning scrambling to make sure everyones drinks were full in between being kicked and spat on.
As Thorn drew nearer the posts of the pavilion, which was lit with torches all the way around, he got a look through the crowd of bodies at what they were encircling. It was a pit dug in the soft sand. It looked to be a fighting pit. The walls were six feet deep and every inch of them was lined with broken glass and jagged, twisted metal. The sandy floor was mottled with rust-colored patches of dried blood. A metal staircase, on pulleys so it could be lowered over the wall for the combatants to enter, was sticking straight up at the front of the pit.
Just uphill from the pavilion, and in front of the larger tent, stood a seven-foot-tall throne. Thorn was not an easy person to rattle by any means, but he was more than a little unnerved at the sight of it. The arms of the throne were the front halves of old dune bikes as if they were leaping out of the sand. The seat and back were made from dune bike seats and tires. The rest of the throne was made from yellowed human skulls, piled atop each other with their jaws open in silent screams. A pair of torches burned on either side of the arms. It looked like some kind of macabre ritualistic altar out of a fantasy book.
Thorn didnt have much time to gawk at it before he was forced to his knees in front of and to the side of the throne, where the gang members unlocked his fetters so they could run the chain through an O-ring attached to a piece of concrete buried in the sand. They seemed to be even more terrified of the throne than Thorn was, as they kept their distance as best they could, cast reverential glances towards it while they shackled him, and then beat a hasty retreat to join the rest of the gang the moment he was secured.
Thorn yanked at the chains, testing the strength of the anchor to which he was attached. He despised being set in a position of humble servility before the throne. He stopped when a hush fell over the gathered assembly and the door flaps on the large tent were thrown back. Two skeletons, their bones glowing amber, emerged from within. They carried drums which they set down on either side and just behind the throne. They began beating, raising their mallets high over their shoulders, slowly and perfectly in rhythm.
It was an unnerving sight, and the hushed awe which hung over the Amber Bones Gang gave testimony to their effectiveness. The assembly began to sway with the mallet strikes as the slow and sonorous beats rolled over them. The gang was completely under the spell cast by these spectral apparitions.
They gradually increased the rhythm. The percussion carried into the night and increased in intensity and ferocity. They had begun as somnolent metronomes, but now they were ruthless tribal war drums. Thorn could feel the beat in his chest. He found his heart had increased its rate of pumping to match the beat of the drums and he actually felt a droplet of sweat forming on his brow, as if he were engaging in cardiovascular exercise. They grew in fervor, into a maddening and exciting race, and then stopped with one dramatic and visceral beat, followed by deafening silence.
Into the silence stepped Court Raleigh, and despite himself Thorn felt his throat catch at the intimidating spectacle that he presented. He stood at least seven feet tall: a gargantuan skeleton glowing amber in the night and crowned with a luminous amber skull that peered at its obedient gang through lifeless amber eyes. Torn amber rags hung from its bones, as though its clothing in life had rotted away and these scraps were all that were left.
The apparition walked with its skeletal arms crossed under its skull. It was the same image that the gang wore as their tattoos. When the apparition reached the throne it planted a skeletal foot upon the dune bike wheel that made the arm, and raised a skeletal fist into the air as it turned its lifeless amber eyes upon its captive audience.
We have tonight, it spoke, and its voice was deep, rolling over the Amber Bones Gang like the moan of a night wind, a very special occasion, for tonight we begin our glorious revolution. Tonight we take the first blood, of much that will be spilled, as we fight back against the oppressive oligarchy that has forced us, each and every one, to live as outcasts, fighting for the offal that civilized society feels fit to throw us, like buzzards fighting over rotten meat.
Each of you who has become a member of my flock has done so by spilling blood in the trial of strength. Every single one of you has undergone this rite, excepting the prospective members who have yet to be challenged. You have tested your strength and your resolve, your will to survive, just as I was tested all those years ago when I was ripped from civilized society and forced to live as an animal in the desert. Every single one of you has realized the ugly truth of existence: you survive, or you die. There is nothing in between. The people who live in their cities deny this. They believe that by surrounding themselves with laws and comfort that they will defeat this basic truth, and for that they have grown fat, lazy, and complacent. They are weak. But you are not. For you this truth has become a beacon of light and a source of strength. Each of you has proven your evolutionary superiority and will to survive by killing one of your fellow prospects in the trial of strength. Your former lives have been washed away by blood, and you have emerged stronger, wiser, and awakened to the true nature of life.
Court Raleigh spoke as the drums had beaten: with a slow and somnolent tempo at first, which gradually increased in intensity. Glancing around Thorn saw that the Amber Bones were hanging on his every word, swaying with the rhythm of his speech. He was struck with the feeling that this was less a gang than it was a cult.
Tonight, Court Raleigh continued, one of our own will become a full member as she washes herself in the blood of the oligarchy.
Melina Bann appeared and took her place at the base of the throne as Court Raleigh spoke.
Melina Bann has long been an associate of our gang, and has sacrificed much in our service. She has long been an asset in the formulation of our coming revolution, as she has worked within the oligarchy, gaining their trust and undermining their authority until she could strike the first blow in toppling them forever. She comes to us tonight triumphantly, as a conqueror, for it is by her undying efforts that we begin to take back what was wrongfully stolen from us. And for that, she will be rewarded. Bring forth the prisoner!
Movement to Thorns right arrested his attention as the smaller tent opened. Len Dietrich was carried out by the two skeletons that had been drumming earlier. Dietrich looked to be barely able to stand, and he had to be propped between them as the two skeletons brought him down beside Melina.
Thorn was only a few feet away from where they were standing, in a place of prominence before the throne, Court Raleigh, and the Amber Bones Gang. He could see now the outline of the black clothing on which the amber skeletons were painted, and suspected that these two were none other than David Scontz and Tom Marron, as they seemed to enjoy a special position as favorites of Court Raleigh.
I present to you Len Dietrich the Fourth! Court Raleigh said, his voice reverberating in the sandy bowl. The rest of the gang hissed on cue.
This man is the owner of the L & D Shipping Company, and some would say, of the entire town of Webster Grove. He is the last in a long line of oppressors who have seized power for themselves while leaving the rest of the citizenry to feed from the scraps he provided them. He actually wanted you, my loyal flock, to be his!
More boos and hisses erupted from the gathered assembly.
He wanted to seize control of you, and use you to cement his ownership of the town of Webster Grove, and to take control of trade throughout the lands. He wanted to charge tariffs on the trade caravans and make even more money for himself! He wanted to use you, YOU, to further his own lust for money and power!
No! Len Dietrich shouted, although it looked like it took him great effort, as if each breath were a burden upon him, and drawing in enough breath to be heard over the shouts and cries of the gang was almost more than he could bear without blacking out. I was going to pay you all! You would have lived like kings!
Will we stand for this betrayal? Court Raleigh demanded, and he was answered at once, in unison, by his gang.
No! they shouted back at him.
Then let his blood cleanse Melina Bann as she strikes back at the very man who oppressed her for so many years, and takes her rightful place at my side. Throw him in the pit.
Two of the gang members standing near the front of the assembly stepped forward to lower the staircase over the wall of the pit. Len Dietrich was thrown down it. He tumbled head over heels and lay on the mottled floor. He was struggling and could barely even bring himself to stand. Thorn didnt think that a mere fall could have done that much damage to him. No, he had been injured when they carried him out of the tent. He was clutching at his chest and breathing heavily. The assembly, however, didnt seem to notice as they cheered heartily when he was tossed in.
Melina bowed deeply to Court Raleigh before stepping over the metal staircase. Once she was in the pit the staircase was raised, effectively trapping them both inside. She raised her arms for the assembly, eliciting a great cheer from them.
Len Dietrich made a pathetic-looking figure as he pleaded with her. Melina, please. I treated you well, didnt I? I had no idea you hated me so much. Please let me make things right with you.
Come on, get up and fight like a man, Melina ordered.
The Amber Bones had been whipped into a frenzy of bloodlust for the coming slaughter. This wasnt even a fight. It was a public execution carefully designed to show the superiority of the Amber Bones as the strong and capable predator, while the enemy, in this case Len Dietrich, representing the fat and lazy oligarchy of which Court Raleigh had spoken, was a pathetic and cowardly creature reduced to begging for its life. Thorn had seen this same scene played out, albeit in different charades, over and over in Collective City, and it made him sick how easily these people were manipulated into cheering for blood, and how much they would be reinforced with the notion of their own superiority when the killing blow finally came. It was sheer propaganda, and it was very effective.
To his credit Len Dietrich managed to struggle to his feet. He was wobbly, but his fists were raised.
It is time for us to take back what is ours, Melina said loudly so that everyone could hear. Then she whirled, snapping a kick to Lens face. Her movements were graceful and efficient, almost like a deadly dance. Her weight remained perfectly centered, although Thorn noticed that she was exaggerating her actions for the effect they had on the audience. If her only goal was to kill Len Dietrich, she would have been able to step in and do it quickly, either snapping his neck or strangling him out. There wasnt much he could do to resist. Instead, she opted to use some flashy and impressive kicks and feints: moves that would have been wholly out of place in a real fight against a worthy opponent.
But she had the desired effect. When Len Dietrich was sent back to the ground, gasping for breath, the Amber Bones went wild. They were chanting for blood and cheering for the kill. Melina, however, wasnt ready yet. They hadnt worked themselves up into enough of a frenzy. She gave Len Dietrich another chance to stand. In fact, she even helped him up.
The moment Len Dietrich was on his feet and standing under his own power, Melina unleashed a barrage of lightning-fast punches, ending with a wide round house to Lens face. He was sent reeling, collapsing just shy of the jagged metal and glass that adorned the walls of the pit.
Melina made a play for the crowd, raising her arms and jumping around the circle, asking them if she wanted her to kill him yet. They answered with a thunderous, Kill him!
Len pried a slender piece of metal from the wall of the pit, slicing his fingers as he worked it back and forth until it finally came loose. He was dripping blood from his hands as he was dripping blood from his nose and mouth. He staggered forward towards Melinas back while she was playing to the audience. He mustered what strength he had left and lunged with the weapon.
Even if Melina hadnt been perfectly aware of what he was doing, using her excellent situational awareness and peripheral vision to keep an eye on him, the Amber Bones shouted and warned her of the coming attack. It made Len Dietrich look all the more cowardly and desperate: to use a weapon in a hand fight, and to attack while his opponents back was turned. Melina deftly stepped to the side, avoiding the thrust, grabbed Dietrichs arm and twisted the piece of metal from his hand.
She held the slender blade high, allowing everyone to see it as she stood over Len Dietrich, holding his head up with a fist in his hair. Then she slashed his throat and threw his body face-first into the ground.
The roar that erupted from the Amber Bones was deafening.
Melina stood over her kill, her legs wide over the pool of blood seeping into the sand. Then she threw aside the slender piece of metal, wiping her hand on her pants from where she had been lacerated, and spat on the corpse at her feet. The Amber Bones Gang cheered even more loudly.
At once Court Raleigh took Melinas triumph and made it his own, standing on his throne and raising his skeletal fist. And it is done! The first of many of the oppressive oligarchy to be trampled under the marching feet of our glorious revolution. See Len Dietrich the Fourth fallen! He may be the first, but he is the first of many! Now, celebrate all of you, partake of my generosity, for this night belongs to you. In two days we will move against the trade caravans themselves! May they fall as easily as this pathetic creature. And welcome among you the newest full member of our gang: Melina Bann!
The stairs were lowered over the wall of the pit to allow Melina to exit. Two prospective members, including Scott Tanning, scurried forward and removed the body. Melina was held aloft by Tom Marron and David Scontz, leading the assembly towards the nearest bonfire. They gathered around as she sat on a stool to receive the tattoo of a skull and crossed arms under her right eye. Never once did she flinch, even as the needle was a razors edge from her sclera. The rest of the gang began cracking open stolen casks of alcohol and passing around mugs. Soon the scents of meat and bread cooking filled the sandy bowl, along with the sounds of drunken revelry.
Once they were relatively alone Court Raleigh leaned over the dune bike arm of his throne to look at Thorn. The lifeless orbs that were his eyes were unnerving, but Thorn forced himself to hold them. He was reminded of what Melina had said, that Court Raleigh could look into a persons soul. At the moment it felt as though he could do just that.
Melina tells me that you were born in Crimson City, Court said.
Thats right.
You dont hear of many people leaving the confines of those crystal walls, do you? People speak of Crimson City in hushed voices, with awe and with fear, much in the same way they speak of me, do they not? I have heard many stories of the place, but I have never before met someone who was born there. It makes me wonder how much of what I have heard is true.
Court paused for a few moments as he waited for a response. When he didnt get one, he continued.
People speak of Crimson City in fear, but people fear that which they do not understand. It is the basest of human nature. But not for me. For me, Crimson City has always stood as a beacon of hope. Oh, yes. I was not born in the wilderness. I was born into the lap of luxury as the child of a trade caravan. When I was still very young we were attacked by pirates and I was kidnapped along with my brother. We were held for ransom, and do you know what happened?
Do you give this speech to all of your new captives, or am I just special?
The lifeless amber orbs that were Court Raleighs eyes narrowed slightly. What happened was that my family abandoned me. They only paid the ransom for one child. They saved my brothers life and left me to die. If I had not taken it upon myself to escape, I would not be sitting here today. I, a mere child barely out of diapers, abandoned, betrayed by my family and my brother, escaping into the cruel wilderness with no means of survival save for my will to survive.
Thorn had to admit that Court Raleigh was a very good storyteller. The cadence in his voice, the changing body posture as he spoke, the intensity with which he emphasized certain words and intoned certain others. Thorn felt as though he were watching a well-rehearsed monologue in a play, and that it was designed to create a very specific effect on its audience. Thorn knew exactly what Court Raleigh wanted from him, exactly the kind of reaction he was expecting: Court demanded awe and pity. Thorn was determined to give him neither.
And now in retaliation you harass and murder elderly farmers, is that it? Youre nothing but an angry little child lashing out at the world.
A small tongue flicked between the glowing skeletal lips and the amber eyes closed for a second or two. When they opened Court Raleigh continued as if he hadnt heard a thing Thorn had said.
But I did survive. I was tested, and that is where I found the true nature of strength. I cannot tell you how many days I lay in a cave shivering and starving, wishing that it all would end, wishing that I didnt have an innate survival instinct to keep me going through the harsh torture that was my daily life. But it did not end. I would not allow it to end. I learned that I could not count on anyone save for myself. And always, always in the first rays of the sun, far to the east, could I see the crimson glitter of the walls of Crimson City like an earth-bound star. It gave me hope for each new day, like a lighthouse that guides a ship through a stormy night. It gave me the determination to continue, and ever since has held a fascination for me. It is a city that is so far technologically advanced beyond our land. Its where our guns come from, along with a myriad of other inventions that have helped to elevate the quality of life for those who can afford it. Unduly, Im afraid, for that technology should be in the hands of all. It is, after all, thrown out with the garbage of Crimson City. Imagine! What is trash to them is the highest of technology here, only allowed in the hands of the wealthy! It piques my curiosity, that if these are the things they cast aside, then what do they have inside that they currently use? What advancements do they have? What is the state of their poor and underprivileged, if these wonders are their trash? And that is why I am very curious, Thorn, about your life experience in that city.
Its a cruel place ruled tyrannically by cruel and selfish people.
I do not believe you.
Youd fit right in.
Court watched him for some time, and Thorn could see disappointment creeping into those lifeless amber orbs as he realized that he was not going to get anything further from him about Crimson City.
Melina told me that you were hired to hunt me, Court said.
Thats right.
I dont think that youll be collecting on that bounty any time soon, when the man who hired you is feeding the buzzards.
Technically it was the city that hired me.
When Im done there wont be much of a city, either.
What, exactly, are you planning?
Court shook his skeletal head. Im disappointed to discover that youre a very small-minded man. You are nothing but a mercenary, as Melina said, ruled by as much greed and self-interest as the man we killed tonight. I do not believe that you have the ability to appreciate my vision.
Do you know what I can appreciate? Thorn said. I can appreciate that you never outgrew your childhood. I can appreciate that you may have learned some difficult lessons, but you never learned the most difficult of all: that life isnt fair. Youre lashing out because you were hurt and betrayed when you were young? Cry me the Old Foss. I was born in Crimson City, where I spent much of my youth and young adulthood being tortured for their science, the very science you seem to hold in such regard. You talk about the crystal walls as a shining star of hope? Theyre nothing but a beautiful prison. And the people in there are oppressed under the rule of an extreme minority. It may not be perfect, but Ill take what we have out here any day. I never even saw the stars until I was sixteen, after I had crawled to safety from that hole. But you know what? I overcame it. I took those experiences and used them to make me a stronger man, and no, Im not talking about your childish view of strength wherein you lash out at people whom you perceive as having more than you. No, youve allowed your experiences as a child to consume and destroy you. You are weak, and that is why Im going to get out of here and defeat you. And then Im going to haul your spent carcass into Webster Grove and collect my money, out of pure self-interest and greed.
Thorn was bluffing for the most part. He had not outgrown his experiences in Crimson City, known to him as Collective City, not by a longshot. He still awoke at night in the cold sweat of terror from the dreams that continued to haunt him. It was the reason he drank too much. It was the reason he got into bar fights. It was the reason that the opiate hed been injected with that morning had felt so damned good. He still bore a resentment towards the world that was only satisfied when he threw himself headlong into danger. And he still bore an intense hatred towards those people who would seek to rule others, even though he tried to stay out of political confrontations as much as possible in order to protect his own sanity. But Court Raleigh didnt need to know any of those things. The only thing that Court Raleigh needed to know at the moment was that Thorn wasnt intimidated by him in the least.
And the bluff worked. The lifeless amber eyes were burning with barely-concealed rage, like a pocket of magma getting ready to explode. When Court spoke his words were staccato and bitter, and were uttered through a clenched jaw.
You will compete tomorrow, and you will die. Your corpse will be tossed into the wilderness until the wild beasts and the elements have cleaned your bones, and then you will join the rest of the failures. As he said this last he caressed one of the skulls on the back of his throne with a long, skeletal finger. The revolution will march on without you. Marron!
Tom Marron sprinted over from the celebration at his masters call.
Marron, take this corpse back to its cage.


21

Thorn had crammed himself into the corner of the cage as best he could to try and get some sleep. Sleep was, however, slow in coming, as he had too much on his mind. He was anticipating being given a chance at fighting for his freedom in the pit. Melina Bann was a very good fighter, but he liked having the chance of fighting her, or someone else in the gang, a lot more than he liked being stuck in this cage. If they wanted to kill him it would have been nothing for one of those gang members to jab a spear through the bars and end it all right now.
Thorn thought about those spears too. When Tom Marron and David Scontz, who seemed to occupy a higher status than the common gang members, had come for Len Dietrich, they were carrying guns. When the same two had led the ambush against Thorn they had both pulled guns. And yet, in all his time here in the camp, Thorn had never seen anyone else armed with a gun. None of the regular members had them, and yet according to Len Dietrich they had been stealing shipments of guns for the better part of a year. So where were they all? And if they werent being used to arm the gang, then what purpose were they to serve?
As he was struggling to get comfortable so sleep could take him, Thorns mind was asking these questions. He was reminded of something that Len Dietrich had said to him, which was that he didnt trust the common citizen with that kind of weaponry. Allowing weapons to be in the hands of common people only empowered them, and he didnt want them empowered. He wanted them loyal, and that meant restricting who was allowed to have a gun only to those who were most loyal to him. Thorn began to wonder if Court Raleigh followed the same line of thinking. If he did, that meant that he would have most of the guns safely stashed somewhere, and was only giving them out to those he trusted the most. The implications were that he couldnt trust the common members of his own gang.
As these questions swirled in Thorns mind he entered into a light doze that was interrupted several minutes later by a light and timid tapping that managed to break through the dream barrier. Thorn had entered directly into REM sleep, and at first had great difficulty in resolving the struggle between his conscious mind and his autonomic need for sleep. Since he had been captured his body and his mind had been on constant alert. He would be able to sustain himself like this for a few days, but he could already feel the impending exhaustion creeping in. He could already feel the effects of the opiate wearing off, and the residual soreness and achiness of his body were beginning to take hold from around the periphery.
His conscious mind won the struggle and Thorn opened his eyes to scan his immediate environment. He found the moon-like face of a frightened boy staring at him through the bars. He was a sandy-haired kid with boyish freckles prominent across his nose and cheeks.
Sandy? Thorn asked.
Youre the one from the farm, arent you? My father is the only person whos ever called me that.
Thorn sat up to get a better look at Scott Tannings face. There was enough light from the moon and the dying bonfires for him to see that Scott had been crying. Scott glanced over his shoulder at a noise from inside one of the tents and huddled closer to the cage, taking refuge in the shadows cast across it.
Your father sent me to find you and deliver a message. He says that he loves you, and that hes worried about you. He wants you to come home.
Scott choked and fought to hold it back but he couldnt. He began sobbing.
Oh God Ive been so stupid, he said between choking sobs. Id give anything to go back. I didnt know what I was getting into. I thought it was all fun, being rebellious and stupid. I thought that being part of a gang would be cool. I thought Id finally found people who understood me and what I was going through. I thought I could be part of something bigger than myself. I didnt know. Thorn, they murder people. You saw them. They killed that old man on the farm, like he was nothing. They force the new members to fight in that pit. You dont know how many kids Ive seen die in there, screaming and begging for mercy. I have cried every single time. I have to sneak away because if they catch me crying they beat me. They said I was weak, and they tease me about where my skull will go on the throne. You saw the throne, didnt you? They make me carry the bodies into the desert and stake them out so they can be cleaned by the elements. I will never get those frozen dead faces out of my mind the rest of my life.
He was becoming hysterical and Thorn didnt know how to deal with it. Scott was making a lot of noise, and anyone in the nearby tents could have heard him easily, but Thorn couldnt think of a single thing to say that might comfort him or make him stop. Emotional relations were never Thorns strong suit.
Hey, ok, um, shh, quiet now, Thorn said, flailing. He didnt know if he should reach through the bars and pat Scott on the shoulder or not. He settled on not, and let the kid cry it out on his own.
Why havent you tried to escape? Thorn asked once Scotts choking sobs had receded to the point that he could be heard over them.
You cant escape. Were miles from any town. Its just wilderness. A kid tried to escape once and they tracked him down. Court Raleigh chained the kid to the back of his bike and dragged him around the camp while they made everyone watch. He screamed nonstop for five laps. Ill never get that sound out of my head. He was so mangled when we had to carry his body into the desert. Scott swallowed hard as if he were fighting back another sobbing attack.
I can get us out of here, Thorn said quickly to head off the sobbing. Scott looked up at him skeptically. But Im going to need your help. Can you do that?
I dont know, Scott said.
Listen to me; this is important. I think I might be able to pry the pins out of the door hinges, but I need a small, flat piece of metal, like a strip, or even a screwdriver. It has to be small enough that I can conceal it in my boot.
Scott was shaking his head.
No, dont shake your head. I need your help if were going to get out of this. I also need to know where theyre keeping the weapons. The guns that theyve stolen from the L & D shipments.
You saw what they did to that man.
And thats what theyre going to do to us if you dont help me.
I didnt mean to run away. I didnt mean to get into any of this. I wish I was back home.
Well youre not back home and youre never going to be if you dont grow a pair and help me.
The words came out much harsher than Thorn had intended. Scott recoiled and made as though he were going to run away.
Wait, I need you to be strong, Thorn said and reached through the cage to grab Scotts arm, but he was too late. Scott back away, shaking his head, his frightened eyes unable even to meet Thorns. He was losing the battle with another sobbing attack.
Im sorry, he whispered and scurried off like a frightened rabbit.
Thorn slammed his palm against the bars in frustration as he watched Scott Tanning disappear among the tents.
He settled back against the corner of the cage and tried to sleep, but sleep was even slower in coming than it was last time. Thorns mind was simply too active and filled with anticipation, and while he could rationally tell himself that he needed sleep, and that dwelling on things over which he had, at the moment, no control was a waste of time and effort, his mind rebelled. And the more energy he expended to attempt to quiet his mind, the further he drew from the blanket of sleep. It was late in the night before he finally was able to doze off, but his sleep was fitful, and when the sun broke over the ridge he didnt feel as though he had rested at all.
The camp was buzzing with activity for most of the following day. Thorn could only assume that they were making preparations for Courts revolution. Len Dietrich had wanted his army in place before the Browning Trade Caravan came through Webster Grove; Thorn postulated that Court Raleigh was following the same time-table. With nothing else to occupy his time Thorn nearly drove himself mad with what if scenarios. Melina Bann had joined the upper ranks of what Thorn had come to think of as the Black Guard, as they were the only gang members who wore all black. As she whisked by on some errand Thorn noticed that she had a sparker pistol tucked into her belt. He still did not see any guns on the regular gang members, somewhat confirming his earlier hypothesis. And the Black Guard treated the regular gang members as cruelly as the regular gang members treated the prospects.
Scott Tanning brought Thorn breakfast and lunch. He pushed the bowls through the bars without saying a word and without making eye contact before scurrying away again. Thorn realized that he wouldnt be able to count on Scotts help. Scott was simply too afraid. In animals as well as humans Thorn had observed that, when faced with threats to their existence, some fought, some attempted to flee, but most just froze. Scott was frozen. He bore the same expression that Thorn had seen on many of the faces in Collective City: that quiet acceptance of their fate and the relinquishment of responsibility for anything that happened to them. Court Raleigh was overseeing some very effective psychological conditioning here. The only way that Thorn would have a chance at breaking it would be to shatter the mystique that Court Raleigh had built around himself. He ruled the gang through fear, so if Thorn could show them that there was nothing to be afraid of, he might have a chance of turning some of them against the leadership, or at least, of getting some of them not to fight with the leadership when the time came.
That was, of course, assuming that most of the gang only followed Court Raleigh out of fear. If they, like Scott Tanning, had not known what it was they were getting into, then Thorn would have a chance. If, however, most of Courts followers were like Melina: true believers in the cause, then there was nothing Thorn could do. But Thorn didnt think this was the case. If they were true believers, why didnt Court Raleigh trust them with his stolen weaponry? And why did they require the Black Guard to patrol the tent city to make sure they were doing their jobs, on threat of corporal punishment?
And the best way for Thorn to shatter Court Raleighs mystique would be to win his fight when he was brought to the pit this evening. Thorn was a fighter. He was looking forward to the opportunity.
The suns relentless blazing sapped Thorns strength and allowed him the sleep that his active mind had denied him the night before. He slept for several hours through the hottest part of the afternoon, and only awakened as the sun had nearly completed its course and was beginning to set behind the western ridge.
Thorn was feeling at least partially refreshed, despite his muscle soreness and the crick in his neck, when they came for him that evening. Melina stood outside of his cage, flanked by Tom Marron and David Scontz, each of them holding a sparker pistol in their hands.
So if I win does this mean I get to be part of the gang? Thorn asked as they bound his wrists and ankles. Do I get one of those smart-looking tattoos?
You will not be permitted to join the gang, Melina said. You are to be offered up as a sacrifice to showcase our strength.
You mean Im not going to get the chance to fight?
Melina smirked. Oh youll fight, all right.
The bonfires and the torches were blazing as Thorn was led past them to the smaller black tent on the far side of the large one overlooking the fighting pit. The Amber Bones Gang had begun to gather, and those that saw Thorn amble by jeered at him. Melina pulled back the flap of the black tent and Thorn stopped dead still.
What is this? he demanded.
Melina shoved him inside.
It was a small tent, lit by electric lamplight, but it looked more like a torture chamber. A wooden frame was set in the middle of the space, with a hook from which Thorns wrists were hung. The hook was pulled until Thorns toes barely scraped the sandy floor. They passed his ankle chain through a similar hook in the floor to prevent him from being able to rear up and kick them.
Melina stood in front of Thorn with her hands clasped behind her back as Tom and David took up metal pipes that were leaning against the inner wall.
What is this? Thorn repeated.
Melina answered, You didnt really think that we would allow a fair fight, did you?
But what about all of Court Raleighs talk about strength and testing yourself?
Melina laughed. The short barking sound was as humorless as her eyes. That kind of talk is useful for motivating and controlling those people who need to be motivated and controlled. It will make for a motivating triumph when Tom Marron defeats and kills you tonight. You have been built up as a powerful fighter, a bounty hunter, someone who has looked death in the face many times and survived. And then you will be routed by one of Court Raleighs arms. It will make for some powerful motivation when we ask most of these gang members to lay down their lives in our fight against the Browning Trade Caravan tomorrow.
Youre fighting the trade caravan?
Melina ignored the question, nodding to Tom and David who raised their pipes.
Wait, Thorn said quickly, Len Dietrich, thats why he could barely stand last night when he was brought out. You beat him before the fight, didnt you? That man was no match for you on his best day and you had to beat him to secure a win? Youre even weaker than I thought. And the prospects? When they have to fight for a spot in the gang?
We choose which ones we think will make a good addition. Those that are deemed unworthy are brought in here and beaten before their fight so they can be easily defeated. We cant leave something like this to chance. Its too important.
But, surely, the victors notice something is wrong in their opponents? Surely they cant go along with this?
Theyre only too relieved to have won, and to have survived their crucible. They might notice something is off with their opponents, or they might attribute their easy victory to their own superiority. We have no desire to select the best fighters. In fact, usually those are the ones we pass over. We select those that we feel are the most easily manipulated, and the most easily controlled.
Youre a sham, Thorn said through gritted teeth as he tried to pull himself up, testing the strength of the wooden frame from which he was hung. It was strong and didnt budge in the slightest.
He was completely helpless as they shoved a gag into his mouth and began beating him with the pipes. They kept their blows to the stomach and chest: areas of the body that wouldnt be visible when they dragged him out and threw him in the pit. Each blow fell with a burst of pain through Thorns core as David and Tom took turns swinging their pipes like they were chopping a tree. The whole time Melina watched with her hands clasped behind her back, a slight smile touching the corners of her lips.


22

Thorn could barely stand as he was dragged to the pit. The entirety of the gang had gathered around for their nightly dose of bloody entertainment. Court Raleigh was standing high and mighty on his throne, framed by the skulls and the torches, looking as though he had been giving a speech. From the way everyone booed as Thorn appeared, he didnt have to think too hard on what the topic of that speech had been.
They had left Thorn hanging from the wooden frame while they put on their skeleton outfits and had returned after participating in the opening act of the show by playing the drums for Courts grand entrance. Melina Bann, as well, had put a skeletal design on her clothing in the same glowing amber paint. She met Thorn as he was carried out of the tent, and she lowered the staircase over the wall of jagged metal so Thorn could be thrown down it.
Everyone cheered when he fell face-first onto the sandy floor. He landed hard. Every breath he drew felt like he was breathing in hot ash. He didnt want to think about how many ribs were broken. They had really done a number on him. Probably above and beyond what they did to the others they threw in here. Thorn was in too much pain to appreciate the back-handed compliment. If he didnt have that residual opiate working its way through his system, he might have blacked out entirely. He tried to push himself to a standing position, but he didnt have the strength.
I give you, Court Raleigh said in his deep rolling voice that sounded like the wind over the edge of the ridge, hailing from inside the crystal walls of Crimson City, the man that Len Dietrich the Fourth hired to kill me, the hero of the Western Frontier: Thorn the Bounty Hunter!
The Amber Bones jeered and booed.
And he will be facing my right arm, the oldest member of the Amber Bones Gang and the man I trust more than anyone else in the entire world: Tom Marron!
The Amber Bones cheered wildly, and Tom raised his arms triumphantly. He stepped over the metal stairs and descended slowly. Thorn looked up and saw through his blurred vision the amber skeleton descending upon him. He was death, in the metaphorical and literal sense. Once his black boots were on the sandy floor of the pit Melina raised the metal staircase and took her place beside Court Raleigh, opposite David Scontz, to watch the show.
Tom Marron, Court called down into the pit, his amber skull glowing against the dark sky like the moon above them, destroy him.
It was a simple and direct command, but the implications were clear. Tom Marron was acting on behalf of Court Raleigh, carrying out Court Raleighs direct orders, and showing off Court Raleighs strength, just as the rest of the gang would be ordered to do tomorrow when they attacked the Browning Trade Caravan. Tom Marron nodded, then turned to the gang, walking the perimeter of the pit with great purpose, getting them involved in the coming fight just as Melina had done, getting them prepped for the coming victory and bloodbath. They cheered for him, each member of the Amber Bones eagerly anticipating Thorns death on the floor of the sandy pit.
There was just one problem: Thorn had no intention of allowing himself to be defeated.
He was in pain and he could barely move, it was true, but he had been in pain before. In Collective City he had been tortured and experimented upon, and through those harsh and brutal conditions he had been able to harden himself to much of the effects of torture, mainly because he had discovered a way to let his mind escape his body, to view himself as if from outside of it. He didnt like doing this, because psychologically it took him back to a time he desperately wanted to forget. It took him back to a time when there was no light, and only darkness. He would much rather escape into the bliss of a bottle of whiskey, or an injection of opiates. He didnt have the luxury of a bottle of whiskey at the moment, and the injection of opiates had mostly worn off by now. And it had done nothing for him except dull his senses and make him act stupid. Thorn regretted that he had ever taken it in the first place.
Thorn pulled himself into a sitting position, crossing his legs and straightening his back. He took in a deep lungful of air. It burned and his chest burst with splintering pain as it expanded, but he did it anyway. He forced himself to do it. It was for moments like this that he forced himself to go running when he was in no condition to run. It was for moments like this that he trained to the utmost limits of his own endurance.
And he focused. He focused on a spot just outside of his forehead, as if he were throwing his consciousness out there. He pictured himself, as if he were seeing his body from above. The pain lessened and his next breath came more easily.
Thorn had another advantage on his side, and that was that Tom Marron was soft. He was used to being fed injured opponents who couldnt fight back. He had not been truly tested in a long time, if he ever had been. Tom was expecting an easy victory over a mortally wounded opponent, and while Thorn was injured, he was by no means easy.
Tom had his back to him when Thorn opened his eyes. He was still playing for the crowd. Thorn licked his lips and charged, nailing Tom with a sharp elbow in the small of his back. Thorn had been aiming for his kidney, but Tom had heard him coming and had turned slightly, throwing off Thorns aim. Tom fell forward with Thorn on top of him.
If Thorn were in better condition he would have been able to lock in one of his chokeholds and finish the fight at that moment. Tom Marron was soft and didnt know how to fight. He thrashed wildly and Thorn was slower to respond than normal. Tom managed to grab him. He was trying to get his legs around Thorns midsection. If he were able to do that it would all be over. Thorn fought to free himself and rolled away. He couldnt grapple with him, not in this condition.
Thorns breath was becoming painful again. He couldnt take a full breath, and being short-winded was killing his endurance. But despite the pain this is what he enjoyed about fighting, and what had attracted him to the life of a bounty hunter in the first place. When he had first tasted free air after escaping from Collective City, he was as rambunctious and wild as anyone. He had put Arnold Keech to shame. For the first time he had been living completely on his own and without any responsibilities, and the thrill of danger had excited him to take risks. To test himself.
And now he was being tested again. If he failed he would die. So what if he needed a little bit of a handicap to make the fight fair for his opponent?
Tom scrambled to his feet and they began circling each other. He reached out, tapping, testing Thorn. They were feintstap, tap, tap, then a dive for the legs. Thorn anticipated the shot and pushed Tom to the ground by the back of his neck while keeping his legs out of reach.
The effort was surprisingly painful. Thorn gasped, taking breaths in short, quick spurts. But Tom was back on his feet. He was tapping again, pushing Thorn back. He was dragging Thorn into a war of attrition. And Thorn couldnt breathe. He wouldnt last much longer.
Thorns boot bumped against something. He had backed against the jagged metal in the wall. He didnt have much room to maneuver in here.
Tom took advantage of the half second that Thorn was distracted and attacked. This time Thorn couldnt block him. He dodged to the inside, away from the jagged metal that would have torn him to shreds, but he was too late. His balance was upset. Tom grabbed his ankle and he was falling.
Thorn covered up, bringing his elbows together as Tom leapt upon him with his fists swinging. Thorn managed to block the worst of it, absorbing the pummels in his forearms. Tom stopped punching and went for Thorns throat. His fingers were claws as he reached under Thorns arms. Those claws found Thorns throat and clamped down.
Thorn began seeing stars blinking in front of his eyes. He was close to passing out. He was dimly aware of the Amber Bones cheering his opponent. They wanted Thorns blood and they were going mad for it. His feeble attempts to stay alive had only driven their bloodlust and made the fight so much more interesting than what they were used to.
The effort to breathe was becoming monumental and those starbursts in his eyes were threatening to take his entire vision and consciousness with them in each burst. But dimly, Thorn thought to himself that if neither of them could breathe, then Tom Marron would no longer have the advantage.
Thorn dug his fingers into Toms hands as he pulled his legs up to his head. He tried to hook Toms neck with his ankles, failed, and tried again. He managed to hook them the second time.
The world was going black around him. He could no longer hear the shouts of the Amber Bones. He could no longer picture himself out of his body. All he could see was a tunnel of darkness.
He was in a ball. He couldnt feel pain anymore. His chest had compressed so he couldnt breathe even if Tom did release his throat. The world had closed in around him. He was barely drawing any breath at all. But he had his ankles locked around Toms neck and he was squeezing. He felt as though his entire being were in his legs, squeezing with all the force he could muster, strangling Tom as Tom was strangling him.
Toms grip intensified, at first, but he was losing breath too and soon he began slacking off. Thorn could feel the vice around his neck start to weaken. He was able to take small, wispy breaths. It wasnt much, but it was something he could hold onto. It was something he could focus on. He used that extra breath to squeeze even more tightly, pressing against Toms throat.
It was a battle of wills, each man struggling to maintain his grip, each one trying to outlast the other, each one threatening to black out at any moment.
Tom was the first to flinch. He tried to release his fingers from around Thorns throat so he could fight the ankles around his own, but Thorn wouldnt let him. Thorn dug his fingers even more tightly into Toms hands, drawing a trickle of blood and preventing them from withdrawing. When he was unable to break his grip on Thorn, Tom began to panic. His fingers had loosened to the point that the only thing still holding them around Thorns neck was Thorn himself.
Thorn saw the end of the tunnel of darkness. At first Toms face seemed impossibly far away. Then it seemed impossibly close as he came into focus. Thorn was able to straighten his torso enough that he could draw a slow breath, using his grip on Toms hands as leverage to cinch his choke even more tightly. As soon as Thorn was able to draw in a long, painful breath, he pushed his advantage. He realized that he could feel pain again. And the realization made him feel alive. He pushed into Tom Marron, clamping down with all the strength he could muster. His legs burned almost as much as his chest and Thorn relished every moment.
Tom Marron was coughing and sputtering. The veins around his eyes were popping out. His eyes rolled back up into his head and went red. Then he went limp.
Thorn released him, allowing his unconscious body to slump over onto the blood-stained sand.
Thorn lay back on the ground. He was taking in deep gulps of air, breathing hard, and every one of those breaths was so painful that he felt as though, despite everything, he could still black out at any moment. He couldnt control his breathing. He needed the air. But the pain suddenly no longer felt good. It hurt, and at that moment Thorn would have given anything for another one of those shots of opiate. But all he could do was lie there and suffer.
He thought, at first, that he had blacked out because there was no sound over the thumping of his heart in his ears. Then he realized it was because the Amber Bones were dead silent. All eyes were on him. His fight wasnt over yet.
Thorn rolled onto his chest and tried to push himself up. He realized that he wouldnt be able to, and so rolled back over into a sitting position. If he couldnt stand, the least he could do was sit straight. He looked up at Court Raleigh, who was standing motionless on his throne.
Is that the best, Thorn started, but the words came out raspy and guttural, as if they werent words at all but chokes from the back of his throat. He cleared his throat and said a bit more loudly, although the words retained their hoarseness, Is that the best youve got?
Court Raleigh remained motionless. It was impossible to read his skeleton face, although the wide amber eyes again contained that boiling rage that Thorn had seen the previous night.
Kill him, Court finally said.
No, Thorn answered.
A murmur spread through the ranks of the Amber Bones.
You are too weak to take a life! Court said. He planted his foot on the arm of the throne and was about to continue when Thorn cut him off with another loud hacking sound from his throat.
No. I have no problem taking a life. I refuse because you wish me to. Why dont you come down here and Ill show you how willing I am to kill a man.
Thorn was bluffing. He couldnt even stand. Theres no way he could survive another fight right now. But the challenge had the desired effect. The Amber Bones Gang were talking loudly now of Thorns show of defiance. The commanding figure on the throne of skulls no longer seemed as commanding.
Courts amber eyes went wide as he glared at his gang. Melina stepped forward and volunteered herself.
I will kill him for you, she said.
Hiding behind a woman now? Thorn asked.
Court turned his gaze on Melina. She had been trying to help, but had inadvertently helped to make him look weaker. No, Court said slowly. You are to be congratulated, Thorn, on your victory. Tom Marron was weak, and was unworthy of serving me. I am grateful to you for exposing his weakness, and thus strengthening the entire gang. We all owe Thorn a debt of gratitude.
He leaned to whisper something to Melina and David, then pointed to a couple of the gang members near the front of the crowd. You two, please escort Thorn back to his cage.
Melina lowered the metal staircase and took a spear from one of the two gang members. She held Thorns gaze steadily with her icy blue eyes as she stepped past him. The two gang members took Thorn under his arms and helped him to his feet. He grimaced at the way they were holding him, but he couldnt stand without them.
Melina never took her eyes from Thorn, and for a moment when she raised her spear he thought that she was going to use it on him. But she didnt. She impaled Tom Marron through the heart. He cried out, looking up at Court Raleigh with beseeching eyes, and then fell silent. There was no cheer from audience. Their mood was confused and sour as Thorn was carried back to his cage.


23

That was incredible, said one of the two gang members that was helping Thorn back to the cage. Do you have any idea what you did? That was Tom Marron. Tom. Marron. Hes the guy Court Raleigh puts out there when he really wants someone to die. Ive never seen him lose a fight before.
Neither have I, said the other one, and Ive been here longer than you have.
When they reached the cage they helped Thorn inside. He was moving very stiffly and was in great pain. Thorn sucked air as he bent over to get inside, as doubling up his torso produced a fresh burst of fire in his chest.
He really did a number on you out there, said the first gang member. It didnt look like he got in that many punches.
No, Thorn said. His voice was raspy and sore from being strangled. They beat me before the match. Didnt want me to win.
He lifted his shirt and showed them the bruises. Both young men recoiled from the sight of the ugly purple discoloration all over Thorns torso.
What the . . . ?
They did this to you before the fight? I thought everyone was given the chance to fight for their lives in there.
Its all rigged, Thorn said. He had lowered himself into the cage and let out a long slow breath as he leaned against the bars. Everything. When you fought as a prospect to gain entry to the gang, wasnt your opponent just a little too easy?
The gang members exchanged glances.
We shouldnt be talking about this, the second one said.
I remember, said the other. I punched him in the chest and he went down. I always thought it was kind of funny, that a punch could take someone down like that. It wasnt even that strong of a punch, really.
Its all a lie, Thorn said. The whole thing. You know hes going to sacrifice all of you against the trade caravan tomorrow, right? Theres no way you can take down a trade caravan.
Im sure Court Raleigh has a plan, said the second gang member.
Im sure. Tell me how youre going to do it without guns.
Hes got lots of guns. More than wed ever need.
So why wont he let you have them? Why does he keep them locked away and only in the hands of his most trusted people? Doesnt sound like he has much confidence in you.
The gang members exchanged glances again, and their faces betrayed the doubt that Thorn had been hoping to plant.
Come on, said the second gang member. If Court Raleigh knew we were talking like this hed have us beaten.
I probably shouldnt do this, said the first gang member, lingering behind as the other one tried to lead him away, but some of the guys take this stuff when we get flogged, or when we crash while racing or jousting. It probably wont do much on injuries like yours, but maybe itll take the edge off the pain, right?
He produced a small vial of clear oily liquid.
Dont do that, said the other gang member. Come on, man, hell have us both beaten for this.
He wont if he doesnt know about it.
He held it out to Thorn, who snatched the vial and drank the whole thing in one swig. The gang member tried to stop him, saying that he only needed a small sip, but Thorn was too quick and too glutinous.
We need to get out of here, said the second gang member, and his tone conveyed enough of a sense of panic that the first one finally listened to him. He took the vial back and they disappeared around the tents, heading back to the celebration that Court Raleigh had ordered.
Thorn grinned as the analgesic began working its way through his body. He didnt know what it was and he didnt care. It made him feel like he wasnt about to pass out from pain, and that was a good thing. Whats more, he had gotten them talking and questioning the leadership. Before the hour he expected the rumors and doubt he had planted to have spread throughout the camp.
Court Raleigh was very much aware that Thorn had weakened him in the eyes of his gang. He ordered a huge celebration with drinking, smoking, racing, and jousting that was to last long into the night. He publicly stated that they were to celebrate the removal of weakness from their gang. It was all a circus to divert attention from what had happened, but it was necessary if he was to try and reassert control and dominance. He stood on his throne looking regal and menacing as he presided over the dune bike races and gave praise to the winners.
Despite the pain he had been in when they helped him back to his cage, Thorn had managed to pocket a knife off one of the gang members who had helped him. He was going to try and use it to escape the confines of his cage, but as of the moment there was far too much activity for him to attempt to do anything. And he was too exhausted to try. That analgesic made him very drowsy, and before he knew it he was asleep.
He woke a few hours later, as if prompted by an unconscious part of his mind that had set an internal alarm, and which knew that he had very important things he needed to do. He was groggy and consciousness was slow in coming. When he could open his eyes and focus on his surroundings, Thorn found that the bonfires were still blazing even though most of the Amber Bones had gone to bed. He could hear a few dune bikes still running their engines. The sudden, short bursts of acceleration indicated that they were either jousting or drag racing.
Thorn stretched as best he could in the confines of the cage. He was stiff, but that oily liquid had taken the sharp edge off the pain, and he was able to breathe freely. Thorn knew that it was an artificial respite and that his body was not healed, but at least he could function. More than anything Thorn wanted out of this cage. He was claustrophobic to begin with, and the confinement had channeled his mind to go to dark places. He was fighting to keep focused on the present, and not to allow himself to get mired in the despair-filled memories of his childhood.
Since most of the gang had gone to bed, Thorn could work on trying to free himself from the cage. The blade was too flimsy to be able to pry out the hinge pins from the door, but Thorn was able to reach around and poke at the lock with it. The cage was built for containing livestock and not humans, so the lock wasnt terribly complex. But it was at a difficult angle to reach, and the contortions necessary to do so caused pain in his chest.
Listening carefully with his ear pressed against the back of the lock, Thorn prodded the mechanism. He was feeling around inside to see if it would even be possible to pick this lock without having something he could use as a tension wrench.
As he was holding his breath so he could listen and gauge how many pins there were, Thorn was startled by light footsteps coming down the row. He closed the pocket knife and lay back in the cage, pretending to be asleep. He kept an eye cracked so he could see who was coming.
Scott Tanning crouched by the side of the cage, looking furtively one way then another before whispering, Are you asleep?
Thorn popped his eyes open and sighed. No, Im busy. Go away.
He pulled the pocket knife back out and began trying to pick the lock again.
Wow, you were really great out there, Scott said. Gone were the tears and the fearful uncertainty that he had exhibited the night before. He was actually smiling. I mean, it was incredible. No ones ever beaten one of Court Raleighs men. He holds them up as mini tyrants over us. Everyones scared to death of them. And you beat him! I mean, at first it looked like you were going to get your butt kicked, and he was on top of you, strangling you, but then you were like, you put your legs up and strangled him with your feet, and you were strangling each other, and then he gave up!
I know; I was there.
And then Court Raleigh was like, Kill him, and you were like, Why dont you come down here?
Listen, kid, I know its exciting, but picking this lock isnt easy. I need to be able to concentrate.
No, you dont understand. You dont understand how huge this is. People are talking. About Court Raleigh, I mean. Hes still out there right now, standing on his throne so everyone can see him, but you really shook him, and you shook everyones obedience to him. And theyre saying that . . . that the fights are rigged. Do you really have bruises from where they beat you?
Thorn gave up trying to pick the lock. He couldnt hear the pins over Scotts effusive prattling. He lifted his shirt enough for Scott to see some of the bruises on his chest and abdomen. Scott sucked air.
Thats what they were going to do to me, isnt it? They dont want me to be part of their gang. I can tell. They think Im too weak.
They dont want the strong ones. They want the ones that are easily molded.
Here, I brought you this, Scott said. He dug in his front pocket and came out with a thin but strong piece of metal.
Thorn grinned as he took it. This looks perfect.
I got it from one of the bikes that crashed during the jousting tonight. They make us, the prospects, I mean, clean the track whenever someone crashes. I pried it from the fender when no one was looking.
Thorn reached around the corner of the cage, one arm out the front and one arm out the side, and found the hinge pins with his thumbs. He worked the strip of metal under the top one. It was wedged in there tightly and he could only pry it a tiny bit at a time, first on one side then on the other. It would take a little while and the work was tedious, but it offered his best chance of escape. It was certainly easier than trying to pick the lock with a pocket knife.
Scott drew in air to begin talking again but Thorn cut him off before he could start. You wouldnt happen to know where they keep the guns, would you?
I dont know where theyre keeping the guns, Scott said. Nobody does. Only Court Raleighs personal guard. Theyre the only ones who have them. Even the regular members dont get to carry a gun. But he has a cave. Court Raleigh, I mean. Its behind his tent. No one is allowed to go in there, on pain of death. Every once in a while a prospect goes in there and they have him killed in the pit. He would kill me if he knew what I was doing right now. But I think thats where they might be. And theyve got us working, a lot, getting prepared for tomorrow. They say the revolution starts tomorrow, but no one really knows what that means. Theyre all pumped up for it, but they have no idea what theyre doing. A lot of the gang thinks it means theyll finally get their hands on a gun, but I dont know. It scares me.
I think Court Raleigh wants you to attack a trade caravan, Thorn said. He was sporting a light sweat on his forehead as he slowly worked the top hinge pin out. It was showing over two inches of bright silver.
A . . . trade caravan? Ive heard rumors but I didnt believe them. Can he really expect us to take down a trade caravan?
Thorn finally got the hinge pin to the point that he could pull it out the rest of the way. It fell to the sand.
The Browning Trade Caravan is coming through Webster Grove tomorrow evening. Court Raleigh wants you to attack it.
But thats suicide. I know the gang has stolen a lot of guns but they dont have nearly the firepower that a trade caravan has. Scotts face had gone pale. I . . . need to get back. Ive been gone too long. I need to get back or theyll give me lashes.
Scott scurried away before Thorn had time to utter another word. Thorn grinned before setting himself to work on the bottom pin. He had saved it for last because it was more difficult to get to. He found that if he lay upside down with his arms through the cage he could reach it more easily. This required his legs to press against his diaphragm and constrict his breathing, which was already shallow and painful enough. It made him claustrophobic, but he had a real need to get out of here, so he suffered the discomfort. Working on this pin reminded him of the many hours hed spent under his buggy back home, turning wrenches on bolts in some hard to reach locations. Mostly, however, he was thinking of Rich Tanning. He had seen some of him in Scotts face just now, when he was gushing about Thorns fight. It was the same excited gleam in his eyes as when Rich was gushing about a new buggy project.
Thorn had to get out of here and do what he could to get Scott back home, and not just for the reward.
Despite the contorted position necessary to pry the pin out, Thorn found that the bottom one came more easily. It wasnt long before it fell to the sand below. Thorn righted himself before squeezing through the gap. He took a deep breath once he was on his feet. He was covered in a light sweat that was already beginning to chill in the night air.
The bonfires had burned down from the blazing pyres they had been earlier in the night. Their orange glow provided ample shadows for Thorn to creep around without being seen. Most of the gang members were asleep or passed out by now in their tents or roll sacks around the fires. Thorn made his way towards Court Raleighs large tent and the cave beyond it. A bonfire was between him and his goal, so he had to pick his way around it carefully, going nearly to the outskirts of the camp so as to remain in shadows. He started at every noise. Ordinarily he would never have exercised such caution, as Thorn was not usually one for subtly, but he was in no condition to fight anyone. If he was discovered, he would almost certainly be put to death.
Court Raleigh was still standing on his throne, with Melina Bann and David Scontz standing alongside him. Courts unnerving amber eyes scanned the tent city before him like a king surveying his kingdom. Those gang members who were still awake were gathered further down in the bowl around the jousting track. Their short bursts of acceleration reverberated up the sloped walls, and the winners were given special commendations by Court Raleigh himself.
Thorn had to go far around, where the shadows were longest and the air was chilled and untouched by the warmth of the bonfires, in his approach to the cave. It was under a rocky outcropping which provided partial shelter to Court Raleighs tent, and it was pitch black inside. Thorn stepped carefully, feeling along the wall for guidance. The wall was unnaturally smooth, as though the cave had been bored out. Compression rifles, such as the one that Thorn had been given to use against the Amber Bones, utilized focused sound waves to break rock. Usually they were used to carve roads out of the more stubborn landscape, but they could just as easily carve a cave, or expand the passage of an existing cave to make it easier to walk or pull a wagon through. Thorns fingertips felt the telltale wave patterns in the rock as he slowly made his way into the inky blackness.
The floor was, thankfully, made of rock, so he did not need to worry about leaving behind footprints to tell of his clandestine excursion. As soon as this thought had occurred to him, Thorn felt a tug against his foot when he attempted to step. It felt as though something had, for an instant, provided tension against his progress, but broke before he could realize what had happened. A tripwire would do exactly that. Thorn closed his eyes and let out a slow breath. Nothing he could do about it now. He pressed onwards.
After another fifteen or twenty feet inside the wall fell open on Thorns right. The cave was so dark that he couldnt tell if his eyes were open or not, and feeling his way was an exercise in touch, as his other senses were useless. He followed the curve of the wall until his hand fell on a piece of cold metal attached to the wall. It was about a foot and a half long, slender, with a perforated tube of metal around the top of the cylinder. Thorn recognized it at once as a liquid torch. These werent as popular as the cleaner and more convenient piezo torches, which utilized crystals as their power source, but they were the type of light source that Thorn used in his own house. He liked the smell of the burning fuel and the natural flame over the artificial light cast by priming the quartz crystals.
Thorn took it down from the wall and flicked the flint switch. The head blazed at once. Thorn adjusted the wick down a little and held the torch up so he could see the room he was in.
It was a small room bearing the undulating patterns of the compression waves that had carved it out of the rock. A wagon was parked in the middle and covered by a tarp. Thorn lifted the corner to find it was filled with guns. Most of them were sparker pistols and pulse rifles, with a handful of concussion rifles and blue shots mixed in. They had more than enough weapons to arm the entirety of the Amber Bones Gang.
Thorn didnt have long to admire the assortment of weaponry, as he heard voices echoing down the length of the cave. He quickly replaced the torch on the wall before extinguishing it. He didnt have a lot of cover in here, and had to roll under the wagon. The after image of the torch made it feel even more difficult to see in the pitch blackness, although soon he could see the light from a torch making its way down the passage. It stopped a little ways up, presumably at the site of the trip wire, as its bearer examined the sign of intrusion.
Thorn climbed on the axel and braced his feet as the torch came around the corner. He recognized Melina Banns boots. Accompanying her was David Scontz.
Someone was in here, Melina said. That torch was only recently extinguished.
One of the prospects, perhaps? David asked. Scott Tanning disappeared for a few minutes while he was supposed to be clearing wreckage.
Melina knelt and peered under the edge of the wagon. Thorn exhaled slowly and held himself as close to the underside as possible. He only breathed again after she had stood back up.
David Scontz threw back the tarp and did a quick inventory of the guns. No guns are missing. False alarm, perhaps?
The trip wire was broken, and someone had to extinguish that torch, Melina said sharply, as though she were impatient with such a stupid question that ran contrary to the observed evidence. Scott Tanning. Thats the young man that Thorn was looking for. I want someone to keep an eye on him. And well put a guard at the cave entrance. Whether hes involved or not well use Scott as the scape goat and execute him publicly if we find any guns missing. It might be a good idea to do something like that anyway, to keep the morale high.
Like you executed Tom yesterday?
Melina was quick, and the retort of her fist against Davids face reverberated against the cave walls. David staggered.
Do not speak to me with that tone. You know what happened was unavoidable, and make no mistake but that Thorn will pay the price for forcing us to execute Tom Marron. His death will not be in vain. Now go and do as youre told.
Yes, maam, David said meekly.
The two of them left the cave, taking the halo of light with them.
Thorn dropped and rolled out from under the wagon. The stress on his chest from holding himself to the underside of it had been taking its toll, and he was almost at the point of either dropping or passing out from being unable to breathe.
He wanted to take one of the guns, but he didnt want to make things worse for Scott if he was going to be blamed for it if one went missing. Plus, Thorns experiences with guns over the past few days made him cautious. He had no idea if any of these even worked. He did not want to put himself in a position where a misfire or a low battery were the only things between himself and a painful death.
He crept out of the cave a few minutes later. He was mindful that Melina might have been laying a trap for the intruder, and was waiting at the entrance for him to appear, but he was also mindful that she was going to have a guard posted on the entrance, so if he didnt leave soon he might not get the chance.
Kneeling in shadow at the entrance of the cave, Thorn scanned the immediate surroundings. It seemed that his first fear was unfounded. Melina was not waiting for him. Thorn wanted badly to have the opportunity to test himself against her. She, above everyone else he had seen in the camp, at least came off as a very competent fighter, which means that she would have had to have learned her technique before she became associated with the gang. But he was in no condition to test himself against her right now. He moved to the corner of the tent and spied Melina speaking with Court Raleigh at his throne. She did most of the speaking, and after a few moments Court stormed away, walking back up towards his tent.
Thorn did not want to pass up this opportunity to spy on the leader of the gang talking candidly with his most trusted advisor. He went around to the back of the tent and opened the pocket knife he had lifted from the gang member earlier. He cut a slit in the fabric and slipped inside.


24

Court Raleighs tent was plusher than Thorns own home. Hanging drapes partitioned off the space into different sections, and each of these sections was filled with expensive and luxurious comforts. Thorn entered into the bedroom area, which sported a large circular bed made with satin sheets and lots of big fluffy pillows. Thorns body ached for him to lie down in it, if only for a few minutes. But he knew that if he succumbed to that level of comfort it wouldnt just be a few minutes. Hed sleep for hours, possibly days.
The front of the tent had a sitting area with wicker furniture, and more fluffy pillows, and there was a vanity area near to the bedroom with a large mirror and a ceramic bowl filled with water.
Thorn didnt have long to admire the dcor before Court Raleighs entrance forced him to seek cover behind the mound of pillows on the bed. Court Raleigh was followed closely by Melina Bann.
What in the hell was that? Court demanded as soon as the two of them were inside.
Melina put her hands on his shoulders, as if to rub them, but he threw her off with a wave of his hand.
That bounty hunter humiliated me in front of my entire gang. He forced me to kill one of my most trusted servants. All on the eve of our war against the trade caravans.
The gang still respects you, Melina said.
No they dont. They dont fear me as they should. What did you find in the cave?
Someone had been in there.
I have traitors in my midst. Put a guard at the entrance and keep an eye on anyone acting suspiciously.
Already done.
Court Raleigh stepped out of his boots and lost about a foot of his height. He unzipped his black and amber clothing, and pulled it off. Gone was the tattered grave cloth, and gone was the glowing amber skeleton. Courts bare chest was flesh and blood. He was covered in tattoos. Almost every inch of him was inked with morbid images of death and suffering which made his skin look like it was writhing in agony. He sat at the vanity and dipped a rag in the bowl and began washing off the glowing amber make-up from his face.
Were too close to allow anything to interfere with my plans, he said as he washed. The Browning Trade Caravan will be passing through Webster Grove tomorrow evening. Everything must be in place by then. I will have my revenge against them. I want my brother to see everything taken away from him just as it was all taken from me. I want him to watch as his entire family is murdered right in front of him, and then I want to look in his eyes while I strangle the life out of him with my own hands.
Sometimes you frighten me and I feel like Im losing you to your vendetta, Melina said. She sat down on the edge of the bed, prompting Thorn to pull further back behind the pillows.
Court Raleigh turned to look at her. He had washed away all of the make-up, and Thorn got a clear look at him. He had a shaved head and narrow features. His face was still frightening, even without the make-up, as it was covered in black tattoos to simulate the look of a skull, with deep sockets around the eyes, a detailed jaw line, and teeth tattooed on his lips. His eyes were still amber, but they were not lifeless. They were filled with rage.
My family betrayed me. They left me to die while they saved my brother, allowing him to grow up in the lap of luxury while I had NOTHING. I used to watch for the circling of vultures just so I could find some rotten, maggot-riddled meat to stay alive, and you dont think my vendetta is justified?
I didnt say that.
I want them to feel terror as their death approaches. I want them to feel the same terror that gripped my heart every night when I cried myself to sleep. I want them to quake as Court Raleigh rises from the amber dunes to have his vengeance.
Court Raleigh was ranting and seething. Melina sat silent for a few moments before she said anything, and when she did she spoke slowly, as if choosing her words carefully. You do know that youre not really Court Raleigh, dont you? Sometimes Im afraid that youve blurred the lines with your real personality and the fake persona. Hes just a folktale to frighten children and the superstitious. Your real name is Paul Browning. Thats the man I fell in love with. You know that, dont you? And we went through a similar experience, you and I; I was an orphan too. I had to do things to survive that keep me awake at night. This persona youve created is nothing more than some yellow cactus flowers ground up with phosphorescing pieces of crystal from the rocks.
Do not call me that name, Court said, and his voice was low and deadly. This folktale will do more than frighten children. Once weve destroyed the Browning Trade Caravan and slaughtered them to the last woman and child, the name of Court Raleigh will strike terror throughout the Free Lands. And for every one of my loyal servants who dies in the fight tomorrow, I will recruit ten times as many as my reputation grows and my revolution swells. We will destroy every single trade caravan and end the grip of their oligarchical rule over us. Well be making the world a better place, you and I. Is that not a worthy goal?
Weve both suffered at the hands of the rich and powerful. I want nothing more than to tear them down from their perch over us, but I dont want to lose you along the way.
Court Raleigh wrapped his naked, tattooed body in a robe and sat in one of the wicker chairs with his back to Melina. Well leave the camp tomorrow afternoon. We have to time it perfectly, or the trade caravan will be alerted to our presence and will take defensive actions. Ill have scouts following them and giving you constant updates on their position. Our greatest asset will be surprise.
When shall I distribute the guns?
Courts mouth ticked. I want them distributed at the last possible moment. I dont want my gang members getting any ideas in their heads. I want them backed into a corner where theyre fighting for their lives. Well distribute the guns once weve taken position in Webster Grove in preparation of the ambush. Ill have my throne set on the wagon tomorrow and the guns will be distributed directly from me. Youre familiar with the gang members, so pick a few of the most loyal and give them the honor of pulling me. Make a ceremony out of it, a show of great respect so the others have something to aspire to.
And the prospective gang members?
We wont have time to induct them into the gang properly. Well set them up front as cannon fodder for when the trade caravan begins fighting back. Well arm them with spears, and tell them that if any survive theyll be inducted into the gang as full members. Well tell them that this is their trial by strength. But I doubt if any of them will survive. I expect heavy casualties. Well sacrifice one of them tomorrow before we leave. Well claim he was in the cave snooping around. You said Thorn was looking for one of them? Well kill that one. Ill do it personally. It will help reinstate me as someone to be feared after that debacle tonight.
And what of Thorn? The gang is beginning to talk.
What are they saying?
They know that weve been beating the combatants before the fights. They know the whole thing is rigged, and theyre questioning your authority.
Court Raleigh let out a long slow breath. You should have just killed him in the desert instead of bringing him here. Len Dietrich made a worthy sacrifice, and his death will have economic repercussions throughout the Free Lands which will aid our cause. But this bounty hunter? Hes a nobody. I think the best thing we can do is walk him in the desert and shoot him. Well say he escaped and brand him as a coward. All we have to do is keep everything together until tomorrow night, then most of these people will be dead and we can begin recruiting a new gang.
Would you like me to do this for you? To execute Thorn?
No. Thorn attacked me personally. I shall enjoy watching the light leave his eyes.
Hes dangerous. And crafty. It might be better if you just let me
I have spoken, Court Raleigh said, his voice taking that deadly tone again.
Of course, Melina responded, bowing her head slightly.
Court grabbed a black hooded cloak hanging on a rack near the entrance and wrapped it around himself. Then he checked a sparker pistol, verifying that it was loaded, before holstering it.
Thorn had to think fast and decide which option was worse: returning to the cage before Court Raleigh could get there, or allowing him to find the cage empty. Thorn had been planning to escape all along, but he wanted to do so later in the night when no one would discover his absence until the morning. He wanted a head start. If Court Raleigh discovered he was missing now, he would lock down the camp and spend the rest of the night scouring the surrounding desert for him. Maybe Thorn could get away, or maybe he couldnt. The chase would turn into a run for his life, and he wasnt in the best condition for running right now. It was a gamble that he wasnt willing to take.
And then there was Scott Tanning to consider. Court Raleigh knew he had value to Thorn, and could easily use him as a hostage to force Thorn to turn himself over.
But Thorn didnt particularly care for the idea of going back to the cage and sitting there, waiting for Court Raleigh to come and lead him into the desert to be shot. What he needed was a distraction, but he needed to act fast. Court Raleigh and Melina Bann were already outside of the tent.
Thorn ducked back through the slit and was running the long way around. He stopped at the corner, however, when he saw that Court and Melina were taking the circuitous route around the backs of the tents as well. If they were going the long way around, that meant that they didnt want to be seen, and that gave Thorn an idea.
He went straight through the camp, and on the way passed very close to one of the bonfires. It had burned down from the blazing glory that it had been earlier in the night, but it was still burning enough for his purposes. He pulled his sleeve down over his hand so he could grab one of the flaming pieces of wood without hurting himself too much. He was still wearing the denim jacket that had been provided to him for his cover as a farmer when he had set out from Webster Grove. That felt like a very long time ago.
He snarled as the flaming brand burned through the denim, but he only held it for a second before tossing it into one of the nearby tents. He didnt care whose tent it was and he didnt watch it land. He didnt have time for that.
He finished his sprint to the cage just as Court and Melina were turning in from the outer edge of the camp. Thorn closed the door and attempted to jam the hinge pins back in. The upper pin went in smoothly, but the bottom one gave him some trouble. It was the angle by which he was trying to force it, but he couldnt reach around to push it in properly; they would see him. He gave it one final push but the pin revolted and fell to the ground. Thorn didnt have a choice now. He brushed sand over it and leaned back against the bars, pretending to be asleep and trying to keep his chest from heaving after that sprint. He kept one eye cracked to watch their approach.
Court kicked the door to awaken Thorn before having Melina unlock it. Court was wearing a hood pulled up over his head, and she had drawn a black bandana over her mouth and nose at some point during their walk here. Thorn opened his eyes slowly and smirked when he saw her.
Congratulations on your promotion, he said. I did hear there was an opening.
Thorn held her humorless blue eyes with the intention of diverting her attention from glancing at the pinless bottom hinge, or to the shining pin that was only partially obscured by the sand. To Thorn these two items stood out as glaring proof of his escape from the cage. He breathed a sigh of relief when she swung the door open, obscuring the hinges from her view.
Get out, Court demanded.
What is this about? Thorn asked without moving.
Court brandished a sparker pistol. His face was mostly obscured by the hood, but Thorn could see the tattooed lips, and they were peeled back in a vicious snarl. I will shoot you where you sit.
Thorn swallowed hard and crawled out of the cage. You could have just said please.
He stretched when he got to his feet, making a grand show of lifting his arms over his head while he stepped on the loose hinge pin and ground it into the sand.
These cages are small, you know, and Im still smarting from the effects of your beating earlier.
Melina grabbed Thorn by the shoulder and shoved him forward. Move, she said.
Thorn began walking, but slowly. He needed to stall so his distraction would have time to manifest, but as he walked he began to entertain the awful idea that he didnt even know if the flaming piece of wood would be enough to set the tent ablaze and cause a fire panic in the rest of the camp. It could easily have sputtered and gone out the moment he threw it through the tent flaps. Without the distraction of a tent fire he was left with the prospect of fighting for his life. He knew that if he turned to fight hed be shot instantly, but it was a better prospect than submitting and allowing himself to be shot in the back. If he could go down fighting, he would, although the idea of Melinas smug face standing over him while he breathed his last was enough to make him burn with rage inside.
Where are we going? Thorn asked over his shoulder. His real reason for asking was so he could look back and judge how far away Court and his gun were. They were too far for him to close the distance.
Walk, Court ordered.
Thorn was being steered away from the camp and towards the desert. If he couldnt reach Court by turning and leaping at him, then he had only one option left to him, and that was to find some cover to duck behind. He was running out of options quickly. There was a lean-to with only a back wall sheltering some dune bikes. He could jump and roll behind it, and maybe dodge the sparker shot. The wood was thin, though, and wouldnt provide much cover. He didnt have any way of fighting back, however, and knew that such a move would only buy him a little bit of time. But maybe he would surprise Court, and maybe there was a wrench or a piece of timber that he could use as a weapon. On the other hand, Court could be a very good shot and Thorn would be dead before he reached the wall. Either way he didnt have much choice. The lean-to represented the last piece of possible cover before he reached the wide open expanse of the desert. He closed his fists in anticipation as he had no other choice now.
The argument became moot when someone began shouting from back in the camp. Thorn breathed a heavy sigh of relief and unclenched his fists.
Hey! Hey! Fire! the voice shouted.
Court stopped and looked back, keeping the gun pointed at Thorn. What is going on over there? Melina, go and check it out.
Melina strode away and returned a moment later. One of the tents has caught fire. Its spreading to the others.
Take care of it. You, keep walking.
Court . . . Melina said, but she was too late to warn him.
The alarm had been raised and gang members were streaming from their tents. Five of them walked right by Court and Thorn on their way to help put out the fire.
Hey, whats going on here? one of them asked. Thorn recognized him as one of the gang members who had helped him back to his cage earlier.
Go back to your tents, Melina ordered.
Theres a fire, he answered. It will take out the whole camp if we dont stop it.
He was about to walk away but he paused, looking intently at the man under the hood. Is that . . . Court Raleigh?
He peered under the hood and recognized the tattoos decorating Courts face.
No, Melina said and inserted herself between them.
The gang members who were fighting the fire had pulled down the tent, as well as the tents immediately around it, to which the fire had spread, and were shoveling sand onto them. They had pulled out the occupant of the burning tent, and had him sitting nearby recovering from the smoke. He had been passed out when the flames had begun consuming his tent, and would have been killed if not for their intervention.
As the fires were contained and extinguished, more and more of the awakened gang members were becoming aware that something of interest was happening near the outskirts of the camp. Rumor was faster than the night wind as they heard that Court Raleigh was out there, without his make-up. Soon nearly the entire camp had come to see what was going on.
I thought he was taller, someone whispered.
Look at his face, are those tattoos? someone else whispered.
Why isnt he glowing? someone else asked.
Melina was powerless to hold them back, and her efforts to assert dominance were futile.
Court, realizing that he was doing more harm by remaining hidden, threw off his hood and stood at his full height. He was still a very tall man, coming in at over six feet, but he was nowhere near the giant monstrosity that he had presented to the gang up to this point.
I am indeed Court Raleigh, he said. Despite the lack of make-up, he still presented an intimidating visage, and his eyes still glowed amber from the frequent use of the eye drops as he glared around at his gang members. This man is an enemy of the Amber Bones and he is to be executed. I am glad that you are all here to witness our triumph.
This man won his match, said the gang member who had helped Thorn back to his cage. According to our own rules, he should be one of us.
He is not one of us, Court hissed.
And he didnt even get a fair fight, someone else said.
Show us the bruises! someone shouted.
He is an intruder. He is a sympathizer with the trade caravans and with the oligarchy that have forced us to live as outcasts. He deserves to die!
This isnt our way, someone else said, and a general murmur of agreement spread through the gang.
And I hear youve been fixing the fights all along, that none of us earned our spot here, said the original gang member who had spoken. Its not right. Everything weve been told is nothing but a pack of lies.
Court was snarling like an animal backed into a corner. Thorn was afraid that he would start shooting at anyone and everyone in order to regain control. To prevent this from happening, Thorn leveled a finger at him.
I challenged this man, remember? I challenged him to a fight after I defeated Tom Marron. I think Im owed that much at least.
Melina whispered something in Courts ear. She was looking at Thorn as she spoke quietly and rapidly. She put her hand on Courts gun arm and slowly got him to lower it. Finally Court slammed the gun into her chest.
Put him back in his cage, he hissed. Then he addressed the rest of his gang. Very well. I shall meet him in battle tomorrow. We will have our fight in the morning before we move into Webster Grove. Then you will all see how weak this man truly is, and you will know the true strength of Court Raleigh.
How do we know you wont just beat him before the fight again? asked the gang member who had helped Thorn back to his cage earlier, and who had been the most vocal in voicing his displeasure at what was going on.
Melina, shoot him, Court ordered.
The gang members face went white but Melina did not hesitate. She brought up the sparker pistol and fired into his chest. He crumpled to the ground, leaving a stunned silence in the wake of the sparkers bark.
Anyone who questions me or my authority will die, Court Raleigh said. Tomorrow we will destroy the Browning Trade Caravan and grind them into dust under our heels. Nothing will stand in my way.
Court stormed off with his cloak whipping around his ankles.
You, Melina said to some prospective members nearby, dispose of this.
Scott Tanning was among them but she grabbed his arm and held him back.
Not you, she said. You will be coming with me. The rest of you, get back to your tents. There is nothing further to see here.
The gang began dispersing, but they did so hesitantly. If not for Melinas sparker pistol, they might have resisted further. If not for the sparker pistol, they might have overthrown the leadership of the gang right then and there.
Once they were just Melina, Scott, and Thorn standing together, Melina said, Court wishes to speak with you.
Scotts face went white. With me? What does he want with me?
Melina glared at him. Do not question me. Go.
Scott blinked and looked up at Thorn. Thorn didnt look back at him. He knew the kid was terrified, and he didnt want to reassure him with false hope. Thorn knew that Court Raleigh was keeping Scott close so he would have some leverage over him. After a few seconds, Scott obeyed and ran off.
His fate is in your hands, she said.
Whether you kill him now or send him against that trade caravan tomorrow, hell be dead either way.
I would have allowed you to take him and be gone, you know. The life of one prospective member means nothing to us. In retrospect, that probably would have been the wisest move.
I dont think Court Raleigh would think so. He doesnt seem to be the type to let things go.
Court doesnt always think clearly when hes upset.
Lucky he has you around, then, isnt he?
And now you have undermined his leadership and authority. You have almost sparked an open mutiny against him. This will not be tolerated.
So youll have me beaten again before the fight with Court tomorrow? Everyone knows the fights are rigged now. It wont help you.
Melina smiled as she motioned him back towards the cages. Nothing of the sort. You will be made an example of. But youre right. Now everyone knows the fights are rigged. Tomorrow they will learn exactly how rigged they are. You will be led in chains into the pit with Court Raleigh. He will pull out a concussion rifle and he will kill you. Then everyone will see the consequences of insurrection, and they will obey.
What are you going to do with Scott?
We havent decided yet. He will be beaten and questioned. We might execute him tomorrow as a co-conspirator, or we might keep him as cannon fodder for the trade caravan.
At the cages they were met by a gang member carrying a sharpened spear. You wished to see me, maam? he said he they approached.
Yes, Mark, I did. Youve been a very loyal member for a long time, havent you?
Yes maam.
I think its time that you were rewarded and offered a chance for advancement. Watch him. Make sure he doesnt try anything foolish, like trying to escape. Do this, and you will receive my recommendation to fill the empty spot vacated by Tom Marron. Well see how you look in black, would you like that?
Mark drew himself up and puffed out his chest importantly. Absolutely, maam.
Good boy, Melina said and patted him on the shoulder. Then she motioned Thorn into the cage with the sparker pistol and locked the door behind him. She winked once he was secure. See you tomorrow.
Thorn forced a smile back at her.
Marks pride was sufficiently inflated from Melinas praise and the promise of advancement that he kept a conscientious vigil for a while. But Thorn knew he couldnt keep this level of vigilance throughout the night. Thorn lay back and pretended to sleep, and after an hour of inactivity Mark began to succumb to the boredom of his post and fell into a light sleep himself.
Thorn quickly but quietly pried out the upper hinge pin. It came much easier than it did before, now that it was accustomed to being removed. Thorn found that what had been a potential disaster turned out to be a blessing, as he didnt have to remove the lower hinge pin again.
Mark heard the creak of the door as it was pushed open and Thorn was squeezing through. He reached for his spear and managed a partial yell for help before he was cut off by a forearm across his neck. He struggled, but Thorn had the chokehold locked in and there was nothing further that Mark could do except to succumb. Once Mark was unconscious Thorn dragged him into the cage and jammed the hinge pins back in place.
The first thing Thorn did was creep around the edge of the camp towards the cave. If he could get his hands on a gun it could serve as an equalizer and he could end this whole thing right now. Hed sneak into Court Raleighs tent and kill him and Melina as they slept. Thorn didnt like killing for money, and he had anticipated taking Court Raleigh alive, but right now that was looking like a slimmer and slimmer prospect.
The guard on duty by the cave was less alert than the one that had been guarding Thorn. He had no trouble sneaking past him. He tread carefully, feeling his way and anticipating the trip wire so he could step over it. He reached the opening into the room where the guns had been kept, lit the torch and held it aloft to see . . . nothing. The room was cleared out. The guns had been moved.
Thorn surmised that this was a last-minute decision by Melina Bann to keep them safe. The guard at the entrance was there for show, to make it appear that the guns were still safely tucked away in here. And since they didnt trust anyone outside of their tiny circle, that meant that the guns were going to be close to Court Raleigh. And that meant that Thorn didnt have much of a chance of recovering one.
As he replaced and extinguished the torch Thorn thought to himself what his best course of action was now. He thought of stealing one of the bikes and simply riding away. He could go back and warn Webster Grove, accept whatever they were willing to pay him for the information, and then go on back home. The problem was that he didnt know where the camp was in relation to Webster Grove, and while he could just travel east until he hit the Old Foss, that was a journey that could potentially take over a day. The bigger problem with leaving like that was that Thorn had never backed down from a fight in his life. He didnt like feeling as though he had been beaten and that his only recourse was to flee.
Thorn needed an alternate plan, and one began to occur to him as he crept out of the cave into the night air.


25

The light blue dawn was clearing away the purple night sky in preparation for the suns daily journey when an alarm was raised throughout the camp, rousing everyone from their slumber. Melina was up early to make sure that everything was in order, from checking on the weapons in their hiding place, to checking on Thorn. The weapons were in their proper place, having been moved from the cave and hidden inside David Scontz tent. Thorn, however, was not in his proper place. Melina found instead her trusted guard Mark looking up at her from between the bars.
Melina flew to the alarm bell to awaken everyone quickly, and left instructions for David Scontz to see that everyone was gathered in front of Court Raleighs tent, as this was an emergency. Then she went back inside Courts tent to break the news to him.
Court Raleigh did not take the news well, and responded by striking her across the cheek and sending her reeling. I wanted to shoot him last night and be done with him, Court shouted.
I thought doing so would undermine your authority. Those people were dangerously close to a mutiny last night as it was. Killing him in the pit from a position of authority would have made a stronger statement.
He will have left tracks. I want him found. And Melina, I hold you personally responsible for his escape.
Melina touched her cheek, her icy blue eyes betraying the hurt behind them, as she was more injured by the rebuke than she was by the backhand. She left to organize a search party, led by David Scontz, to scour the camp and find evidence of where Thorn might have disappeared to. What she found, however, upon seeing the gang gathered together and awaiting Court Raleighs appearance, was more disturbing than Thorns disappearance. Over a third of the gang was not present, and after questioning some of those that were, it became apparent that they had absconded in the early hours of the morning out of a combination of fear of the coming battle with the trade caravan, and a loss of respect for their leader.
Inside his tent Court Raleigh, oblivious to the betrayal of a large chunk of his gang, knelt to question Scott Tanning about Thorns disappearance. Scott had passed the night in discomfort, having been chained to the floor and whipped for information. The whipping had produced the opposite of its intended effect on the boy, as it had only strengthened his resentment for the man administering it. He had not confessed to his part in helping Thorn escape, but had kept to his story that he didnt know Thorn, and had only met him a few times in the past. If his father had hired Thorn to find him, it was his fathers business and not his own. Scott maintained that he wanted to be a member of the gang, even though uttering the words were like passing poison over his tongue. The more Court Raleigh had whipped him, the sterner Scott Tanning became in his resolution, and eventually Court was satisfied that Scott was not lying.
Scott passed the night in great pain from the broken tracts of skin across his back, but he did not cry. He had passed through a crucible, and he had emerged stronger for it. This morning he held Court Raleighs unnerving gaze and said, I told you I had nothing to do with Thorn. I was here all night, so I couldnt have helped him escape.
Perhaps not, Court said thoughtfully. But you are valuable to him. I shall keep you close in case he comes back for you, and this time I will not allow anyone to stay my hand from killing him. But my instincts are that he has abandoned you, and abandoned his hunt. He is, after all, a mercenary, and they must weigh the cost of doing business against the reward that they will receive. In this case, the cost is simply too great for him. Hell have run along back to the Western Frontier, and will be looking for more suitable bounties for his ability.
Scotts doubt betrayed him as his face blanched. He had not considered, throughout the night, as his broken skin kept him from sleep, that Thorn would abandon him. Hearing Court Raleigh speak, though, it sounded perfectly logical, and he began to consider if this wasnt the course that Thorn had actually taken. If he had, then there was no hope. Scott would die, and the surety of that knowledge began to fill him with a quiet fatalism. His time with the Amber Bones Gang had been a nightmare, and he began to wish that, like a bad dream, it would pass out of his consciousness, and if that meant eliminating his consciousness entirely, then so be it. At least the ordeal would be over with.
Court Raleigh began dressing and applying his make-up and eye drops with meticulous detail. Despite his cold and logical words, he was seething on the inside from the injury that Thorn had dealt him. He could pretend and wear a calm veneer when he needed to, but he was nearly always boiling with anger these days. But transforming himself into a folkloric figure of terror was soothing to him. Although he had tattooed himself extensively over the years, he could still see enough of the remnants of Paul Browning in the mirror to make him remember the betrayal during his childhood which had left him a shivering, frightened, and starving little boy in the wilderness. He could still feel the cold grip upon his heart when he had realized that his family was going to save his brother, but not him. The memory disgusted him, but as he applied the make-up, the eye drops, the stilts, and the ragged clothing, he was able to cover those deeply ingrained insecurities, the hopelessness, and the terror, as he became something else entirely. He became, as he saw himself, the terrifying spirit of vengeance itself.
When Court Raleigh stood towering in his macabre regalia, Scott Tanning cowered. It was a small action, and more of a reflex than anything else, but it brought a smile to Courts tattooed amber lips. This was the only response he wanted from people: abject fear. And they would fear him when he got through. That much was certain. His smile faltered, however, as Melina met him at the entrance of the tent. Her face told him that there was more bad news on the way. Court ground his teeth at the sight of her, and resisted striking her again.
Court wait, theres something you should know, she said.
I will not have more negativity from you on this, our glorious day of revolution, he replied as he pushed her aside.
Court did not make as terrifying a figure in the morning sun as he did framed by his torches at night. This was to be the first time he had ever come out during the day to appear before his gang, but it could not be helped. In order to be in place at Webster Grove before the trade caravan came through, they would need to leave within a few hours. He stepped down the slope from his tent to the throne to meet the assembled gang around the pit. Melina followed him closely at his heels.
Court stopped short of mounting his throne as he scanned the assembly and found a good number of them missing.
I wanted you to assemble the entire gang, he hissed at Melina.
Thats what I was trying to tell you, she said from behind him. Over a third of them deserted in the early morning. Theyre gone.
Courts jaw clenched and his amber eyes blazed. Deserted?
Melina nodded. Perhaps we should think of calling off the raid tonight. We wont have enough bodies.
WE WILL NOT, Court shouted and his voice rolled over the sandy bowl, making those in attendance cower.
While nearly everyone cowered at the sudden and unexpected burst of anger, none cowered more than Mark, who was held in chains by David Scontz near the top of the stairs that led into the pit. He had been blubbering so much that David had finally stuffed a gag into his mouth. At Court Raleighs outburst, he nearly fainted.
It is always a difficult process to expunge the weakness in ourselves, Court Raleigh said, mounting his throne and adopting the cadence in his voice he used so often to deliver his speeches. It is excruciatingly painful. We began expunging our weakness when I killed Tom Marron, one of my closest and most trusted allies. It showed me that my trust had been misplaced. And now we continue our painful process as we awaken to find ourselves abandoned by people that we all once trusted and called members of our family. But those who have fled as cowards have left the rest of us stronger, and it is with this strength that we will ride victoriously against the Browning Trade Caravan this evening. Those of you who remain are my most loyal servants and you will be rewarded not just for your strength, but for your obedience. To the victors go the spoils, and only those strong enough to seize the opportunity will be victorious.
This man, he said as he pointed to Mark, aided in the escape of the bounty hunter Thorn. Many of you saw Thorn challenge me to a fight last night. I accepted that challenge. And now where is he? Where is the man who challenged me under the safety of darkness? Why will he not come out into the light of day and face me now? He is a coward who would rather flee for his life than follow through with the challenge that he, himself, issued. I know many of you are terrified of facing the trade caravan this evening. You have heard stories of their superior defenses and firepower. But they are just stories. When faced with the might that we possess, the trade caravan will cower and quake just like the bounty hunter Thorn did, as he blew through this camp full of bluster and bravado. And I want to make one thing perfectly clear: while people like Thorn, and people like those who abandoned us, may act as cowards, among my gang fear will not be tolerated. The Browning Trade Caravan will crumble before us, and we will be triumphant.
He turned to Melina and asked in a low voice, You brought me the gun I requested?
Of course, she said. She had placed the concussion rifle under and behind his throne. She handed it to him.
Court Raleigh held the gun aloft, letting everyone see the sleek black casing glistening in the morning sun.
Behold our superior firepower, which will be distributed amongst you when we ride against the trade caravan!
Court held his pose for the space of several heartbeats, then turned his gaze on the man cowering in chains before him. Court pointed at Mark, then pointed at the pit. David understood the tacit command, and forced Mark down the stairs. Marks knees buckled and he toppled onto the blood-stained sand.
David did not retract the stairs, because he didnt need to. Mark was not getting out of that pit. He stood aside as Court walked with great purpose down the slope from his throne to stand at the top of the stairs. His eyes were filled with malice, and his lips, tattooed and painted like teeth, were pulled back from his real teeth in a vicious snarl. He held the trigger and the gun emitted a high-pitched whine as the capacitors charged. Then he released the trigger and the gun fired a bolt of pure energy with concussive force that kicked back into Courts shoulder and echoed over the sandy bowl. At this close of a range Mark exploded, spraying blood, guts, and bone in a sickening splatter that brought forth cheers from the Amber Bones.
Now, Court said, yelling over the ringing in his ears from the concussion rifles blast, we break camp and we ride for Webster Grove!
There was a flurry of activity as the gang members began breaking down their tents and readying themselves to ride out into the wilderness. Although they had lost over a third of their number, and under the expectation and excitation of a violent but victorious battle, the Amber Bones did not notice that they had picked up somewhere in the night an extra member. He wore an amber bandana over his face, as they all did, and a helmet on his head, and peered out from a pair of eyes that were so dark they appeared nearly black. He gave them no reason to doubt that he was part of the gang, as he helped with the work needing to be done and although he might have appeared to be a little stiff, as if he were nursing some unseen injury, he was strong and capable and behaved in accordance with the accepted norms of the gang. They did not notice that the tattoo of the skull and crossed hands under his right eye was just a little bit off, as if it had been applied by a piece of burnt stick that morning, and would have smudged away entirely if it had been rubbed. And they did not notice that this intruder rode along with them as a member of their rank and file as they trekked across the desert to Webster Grove.


26

Webster Grove, in the meantime, had not been doing very well. Melina Bann had abducted Len Dietrich with such skill, and with such subtly, that no one knew what had become of either of them. The line of Len Dietrich was characterized by paranoia that the family business should fall to sibling rivalry or familial infighting, and so each member of the family had produced only a single heir to continue the line of succession. No one knew what became of female children, although it was heavily rumored that they were swept away on the night of their births and put up for adoption in a distant part of the province, so they would never know the truth of their lineage, and would never come seeking a handout from the family business. Once a male heir was achieved, he was named for the line and further children were no longer sought. As such, Len Dietrich the Fourth had no family to run the business in his absence, and as he had not married yet, he had no heirs to come into power. With the enormous amount of influence that L & D Shipping exercised over the town of Webster Grove, this absence of leadership meant that not only the company but the entire town found itself leaderless, which was especially troubling for the town as they had been promised a great many things by Len Dietrich. The general feeling among the people was that they had been conned, although they couldnt quite figure out why or how, or what Len Dietrich had to gain by suddenly and unexpectedly disappearing. But the unrest contributed to the overall mood and desire for revolution, and many who had previously been skeptical of overthrowing the status quo began to come around once it became clear that Len Dietrich was missing and that all of his grand promises were nothing but smoke.
Late in the evening of the second day a group of wealthy and well-connected citizens, who wanted to prevent revolution, freed Mayor Dinesh and the imprisoned pale greens with the hope that they would restore order. Their faith was misplaced, however, as Mayor Dinesh holed up in his mansion and surrounded himself with those very same pale greens, as though they were his own personal security detail. And Len Dietrichs private security, who had assumed the responsibilities of the police force in their absence, had shirked on their duties the moment their boss disappeared. They were as clueless as anyone else as to what had become of him, and with the future of their paychecks in question chose to err on the side of caution by not taking a definitive stand one way or the other. They congregated in the Lean and Pale and allowed the revolution, if it came to that, to take care of itself.
On the western side of the Old Foss the farmers were in a bit of turmoil themselves. They had been assured by Len Dietrich that they could begin irrigating their fields once more and that they would no longer be subject to property taxes, but after word began to spread that Len Dietrich had vanished without a trace, they began to question if defying Bradenfield was the best course of action. Despair began to take hold in their hearts as they believed that what they had been told was simply too good to be true, and that they were going to be in a worse position for having believed the charlatan than if they had just ignored him altogether. With this despair came anger and a fervent desire to do something, but without a clear course of action they once again found themselves shouting each other down in Josh Varicks living room. No one had any answers, and it was far easier to vent their frustrations on one another than to direct them in a manner that might bring them greater harm in the long run.
It was into this atmosphere of unrest that a column of dust, heralding the coming of the Amber Bones Gang, rode from out of the wilderness. Eli Varick was sitting on the roof of his fathers house, shooting his slingshot at birds and avoiding the angry shouting from below, when he became the first to see this column of dust. At first he thought it was just a dust devil as the arid lands to the north sometimes produced, although he was impressed by the size of it. But as it drew nearer he realized that it was far bigger than he had at first thought. He shielded his eyes from the setting sun and stood on the northernmost gable of the house in order to get a better look. What he saw froze his blood.
As the column of bikes crossed out of the wilderness and into the plowed fields of the northern farms they didnt kick up as much dust, and so became more visible. It was a lengthy row of bikes led by a glowing amber skeleton standing upon a throne that looked as though it were made from human skulls. Eli Varick had heard that the gang was led by the living dead, but he had never truly believed it. He had assumed that it was just part of their image that they used to frighten people who werent part of them. He had a difficult time reconciling that cynicism with what he saw before him.
After watching them for several minutes, as if to verify that what he was seeing was indeed real, and wasnt a mirage brought on by the setting sun, or the nightmarish daydream of an overactive imagination, he dropped from the corner of the gable and went inside.
Guys, he said, coming into the living room out of breath, and being ignored as the farmers continued arguing and shouting. Guys! he repeated a bit more loudly, and a third time after that.
His father was taking most of the brunt of the farmers anger again. He seemed to be about the only person in the room, excepting Eli of course, who wasnt red-faced and shouting. He was, for the most part, the one being shouted at.
Being attuned as only a parent can be to the voice of his son, Josh Varick made him out over the din and, rather than futilely request that everyone else quiet down, he stepped over to him.
What is it? Cant you see that Im busy? Josh said, although his tone was grateful for having the excuse to be pulled away.
Eric Prasson thought it incredibly rude that Josh would walk away while he was talking to him, and trailed in his footsteps to let him know exactly that. Eli didnt say anything, but he pointed through the living room to the dining room and the north side of the house. Josh looked puzzled, and followed the direction of Elis finger. He peered through the window, but at first couldnt make out to what his son was pointing. They had a clear and unobstructed view of the fields to the north from this window and he could see what appeared to be a large shape moving towards them, although the windows low vantage point hindered his ability to make out what it was that he was seeing.
Are you paying attention to me? demanded Eric Prasson.
Do you see that? Josh asked, ignoring the question.
Its just a dust devil, whatever are you on about?
Son, what is it? Josh asked, but as he turned he saw that Eli was no longer standing at his side. Excuse me, he said, and bounded up the stairs and into his sons bedroom, to where Eli had taken refuge. The window from this room looked out over the northern fields. From here his blood was chilled as he beheld the same sight that Eli had beheld from the roof.
Its the Amber Bones, dad, Eli said in a small voice from the bed. Its Court Raleigh.
Thats just an old folktale, Josh said, more out of reflex than anything else. His rational mind knew that it was just a gang that was riding under the totem of Court Raleigh, but they made a terrifying and convincing enough spectacle that his emotional mind was left reeling.
Son, he said, I need you to do something very important. Can you do it?
What? Eli folded his arms over his chest.
I need you to run across the river and tell someone about this as fast as you can. Tell the pale greens, or better yet, go to the town hall or the mayors mansion and tell them. Ok?
Eli didnt move. He looked like he didnt want to exert the energy necessary to carry out his fathers task.
Son! This is important.
There was something of a dangerous edge in Joshs voice that spurred Eli to his feet. Ok, ok, he said, and he passed Eric Prasson on the stairs as he headed out of the house.
Josh didnt know what it meant that a column of bikes led by a skeletal figure astride a throne of human skulls was crossing the northern fields, but he didnt like it. He instinctively felt that they were all in danger, and his reason for sending Eli over the river for help was because he wanted him out of the way of that danger. He knew that the trip would keep him occupied for some time.
Eric Prasson poked his head into the room. He had picked up on the undercurrent of urgent energy in Joshs behavior that alerted him that something was very, very wrong. Josh merely pointed out the window and huffed, Dust devils, is it? as he pushed past the older farmer and went back downstairs to the living room.
The other farmers seemed to have picked up on that same undercurrent of urgent energy as they were looking to Josh Varick with questioning eyes when he strode back into the room. Gone were the red, angry faces, and in their place only puzzlement.
Weapons, Josh said. We need weapons.
Whatever for?
Josh, what in the name of the devil is going on?
Look for yourself, Josh said. And go, find what weapons you can. We may have to defend our lands tonight.
The farmers curiously peered through the windows in the northern side of the house, although Eric Prasson soon joined them to give them all a picture of what was coming across the fields. The attack on the Pith farm, with the resulting death of Mr. Pith, had shaken the farming community to its core. To know that the entirety of the gang that had killed him was now riding across their fields and heading straight for them, was enough to send them nearly into a panic.
Whereas a few minutes before they had been wanting to tear Joshs head off, now they looked to him once again as their leader. Josh was more comfortable in the role now, and began barking orders at everyone. He found Owen Baker and sent him across the river to the Lean and Pale to try and get some help from the pale greens or from Len Dietrichs private police force. He sent Eric Prasson, Adrian Tobin, and Winston Kirwin to find tools that they could use as weapons. His wife appeared at the door of their room, drunk and sensing that something was wrong. Josh ordered her to go back to bed, and when she refused he ignored her completely. He had the rest of the farmers gather what wood, nails, and metal they could find in order to make a barricade to impede the progress of the coming gang.
Everyone met after several minutes and began work on the project. Even as they worked, Josh knew that they were woefully under-equipped to meet the coming column of bikers. While the idea of building a barricade was sound, the actuality was that it looked pathetic, and the sight of it, barely waist high and easily maneuvered around, made Joshs stomach sink. The implements that the rest of the farmers returned with were the usual fare: pitchforks, axes, saw blades, and the like. They might be deadly enough in the hands of someone who knew how to use them, but Josh Varick didnt believe that any of these farmers were capable of killing anyone. Perhaps he was wrong, and they would once they were forced to fight for their lives.
His heart sank even further as Owen Baker returned, panting and out of breath. He had made very good time, but Josh could see on his face that his mission had been unsuccessful. He listened to Owens report over the hammering and the sawing as the farmers worked to fasten pieces of wood together in a pathetically makeshift barricade.
There would be no help. The pale greens werent going to move without orders, and Len Dietrichs private security didnt feel any of this was their fight. Josh Varick had nothing more to do besides watch the approach of the gang, and try not to let the rest of the farmers know how hopeless he thought their situation was.


27

Court Raleighs macabre throne had been placed on top of the wagon that held the gangs guns, and it was leashed to bikes driven by a few handpicked for the honor of pulling him. Melina Bann and David Scontz rode at the rear of the column. The rest of the gang followed behind Court Raleigh riding two-by-two. They had been riding for over half the day out of the wilderness from their camp. Their spirits were lightened when they came in sight of the farming community of Webster Grove. They were ready for a fight, and seeing the farmers scrambling to erect a pitiful barricade only bolstered their courage.
The sun was setting and turning the sky melon as the column pulled within shouting distance of the feeble barricade. From this distance the farmers began to quake as they all realized the futility of their efforts. Some of them began to question if they should have attempted to put up a resistance in the first place, as all it seemed to do was incite their attackers. There were more than a few whispers of terror at the magnificent sight of Court Raleigh, arrogantly standing on his throne of human skulls and towering over the rest of the gang.
The bikers fanned out alongside Court Raleigh in a semi-circle around the farmers. Melina Bann got off her bike and strode over to them. She was wearing all black, with a black bandana covering her nose and mouth. She had a pulse rifle slung over her shoulder. She walked with great purpose to the barricade and kicked it over.
Owen Baker raised his axe handle and shouted at her. She responded by raising her pulse rifle and shooting him dead.
Melina did not give them time for the sudden death of one of their own to sink in. Move, she commanded.
The farmers looked at the smoking body as though none of this were really happening. It didnt seem real, as though it were some collective dream they were all sharing. They dropped their weapons and moved in the indicated direction. Melina herded them towards the foot of the Foamingwake Bridge, making them walk with their hands on their heads in front of the row of bikes. The sudden and senseless death of Own Baker was enough to keep them from resisting any further.
Go into their houses, she said to David Scontz once they had reached the main thoroughfare that would lead to the Foamingwake Bridge, and bring out the rest of them. Bring out their families.
David led a group of the gang to carry out Melinas orders. They smashed doors in with the front wheels of their bikes and dragged people into the road. The famers were powerless to stop the violence as Melina stood over them with her pulse rifle ready to fire at the slightest provocation. The rest of the gang took up position at the base of the bridge, placing Court Raleighs throne in a position of prominence at the back of them all.
Thorn, disguised as a member of the gang, stayed behind with the gang members gathered at the foot of the bridge. He too had been shocked by the sudden and merciless death of Own Baker. He could only hope that David Scontz team did not run into any resistance as they rounded people up, or more would die. Thorn didnt have a plan at all. He as making things up as he went, going along and keeping a low profile so as not to be discovered, while he waited for an opportunity to present itself. Given the ruthlessness of what he had observed so far, he knew that when he did make a move it would have to be definitive. Watching the farmers as their families were dragged out and thrown in the road was perhaps the most difficult part for Thorn. He could not do anything to help while Melina was gloating over them and watching for any reason to gun another of them down.
The families were rounded up and brought to kneel with the rest of the farmers. They wanted to embrace their loved ones and reassure them that everything was going to be alright, but they couldnt. Melina fired a warning shot when Adrian Tobin went to embrace his daughter, and the rest of them got the message. They knelt in silence and didnt move.
The gang circled in behind them, their bikes idling, and turned to look up at Court Raleigh glowing against the darkening sky. He had lit torches and planted them on either side of the throne to frame him in the gathering darkness.
Tonight we begin our revolution, Court Raleigh said, his voice low and deep. You are all privileged to be here at the beginning as we take back what is rightfully ours. In a very short time the Browning Trade Caravan will come up that road, and do you think that they will hesitate to trample these innocent farmers and their families under their treads and mortars? Do you think theyll give pause when they see the innocent begging for mercy before them? Do you think that they will hesitate to kill any one of you in order to retain their power over us?
Court laughed.
Of course they wont hesitate. They care nothing for you. But before you die, let me comfort you by saying that that your sacrifice will not be in vain. Each one of you, the hapless innocents, will help to fuel our revolution. Once people have seen the destructive cruelty of the trade caravans, they will flock to me, and together we will establish a new order. And I will have my revenge.
He said this last sentence darkly, and almost under his breath.
The drone of a bike could be heard approaching over the idling engines. It came from the west, riding up the dirt road in a cloud of dust and stopped in front of the corralled farmers kneeling in the road. The rider looked up at Court Raleigh and said, Theyre coming. The trade caravan is just entering the outskirts of town. Theyll be here in fifteen minutes. Maybe less.
Court Raleighs lips peeled back in what might have been a smile, or it might have been a snarl; it was difficult to tell.
Our time is upon us. You may begin distributing the guns.
Thorn had maneuvered to be near the throne and the wagon on which it rode. Scott Tanning had been riding on the back of Melinas bike, and had been left with the farmers, kneeling and awaiting their fate. He was white-faced, but Thorn could see a set determination in his eyes that hadnt been there before. Thorn admired him for that.
The rest of the gang looked less determined now that the actuality of their revolution was upon them. In fact, with the trade caravan now just minutes away, and for many of them counting down the last moments of their lives, they looked downright scared. But that is as Court Raleigh had wanted it: they were in a position now where they had no choice but to fight for their lives once they were handed a gun.
Melina walked near to Thorn as she was going around to the back of the wagon that contained those guns, and Thorns gaze fell on the pulse rifle slung across her back. An idea occurred to him. It was desperate, and it could very well end in his death, but it was the only workable plan that had presented itself to him thus far. If he waited much longer the trade caravan would be upon them, and he would be forced to fight for his life as well. Then it would be too late.
The soft orange glow from the windows of the trade caravan came into view as it rounded a bend further down the road to the west. While the smaller rural paths twisted throughout the farming community, the main thoroughfare was a straight and wide road that cut through them all. They could see the trade caravan coming from some distance away, and they could be sure that the guards manning the front transport could see them as well.
Thorn could wait no longer. He moved around to the back of the wagon, as though he were going to help distribute the guns, but once he rounded the corner he bounded up into the back, getting there mere seconds before Melina. He worked quickly, grabbing as many of the pulse rifles as he could. He considered himself lucky that pulse rifles were so plentiful in the Free Lands. All he had to do was reach down and grab them; he barely even had to look.
Within seconds he had been grabbed. Melina and David tore him from the back of the wagon. They held him roughly on his knees before Court Raleigh and ripped the bandana from his face.
Courts grin widened, as did Scott Tannings eyes, as the boy was kneeling only a few feet away.
Thorn! Court exclaimed. I thought you had run away into the desert like a coward, and yet here you are, pretending to be one of my soldiers.
Melina spat on his cheek and rubbed away the charcoal drawing of a skull. You are not worthy to wear that, she hissed.
Youre insane, Paul. Everyone here will die if you assault that trade caravan. Do you think he cares about any of you? he demanded of the gang members that had gathered around them.
Melina struck him across the face with her closed fist. Court snarled at the mention of his real name.
And what was your plan, little man? To take one of my guns? Were you going to shoot me with it?
Thorn licked his lips and tasted a rivulet of his own blood. Melina had one hell of a punch.
Do you know why there are so many of those PM III model pulse rifles in the Free Lands? Thorn asked.
Courts amber eyes narrowed.
Crimson City threw them out because of a fatal design flaw. The capacitor in those models is too close to the battery. If you leave them charging for a couple of minutes they overheat. Thorn was talking slowly. He needed to stall for those couple of minutes so the pulse rifles he had set to overcharge would do exactly as he was describing. When the trade caravans buy them up they put a dampener that allows for longer charging. But since these are contraband, they havent passed through the hands of the trade caravans since Len Dietrich had them refurbished. Im willing to bet they dont have that safety feature. And when the capacitors overheat the volatile battery pack . . . they explode.
Court had turned sharply towards the back of the wagon. A high-pitched whine could be heard over the idling dune bike engines as the capacitors reached maximum charge and began overheating.
Scott, get down, Thorn yelled before flattening himself on the ground.
No, Court Raleigh said as he took a step towards the back of the wagon.
It exploded beneath him, erupting in a great fireball that burst green in the night sky before settling into an orange flame as the overheating pulse rifles ignited the battery packs and cartridges of the other weapons. Skulls flew from the throne as it was destroyed, and a shockwave rapidly expanded outward from the blast point and flattened the Amber Bones Gang. Thorn had only been able to get four of the pulse rifles before he was pulled out of the wagon, but it was enough to set off a chain reaction of explosions that echoed across the river.
Thorns ears were ringing and everything seemed to be happening in slow motion. Those closest to the blast had been launched away, while the rest, including the hostages, had been flattened to the ground. Thorn couldnt tell how many, if any, were dead, versus how many were merely unconscious. It was difficult to focus over the loud ringing in his ears, and the concussive force that had blasted over him had flattened his already injured chest and crushed the air from his lungs. He was finding it very difficult to breathe.
The trade caravan stopped their forward progress when the fireball lit up the night sky. They deployed a battalion of heavily-armed soldiers from the mouth of the foremost transport that began setting up a defensive perimeter to protect against the unknown threat they faced. As Thorn watched them, he saw heavy mortars being deployed among the soldiers.
He struggled to get to his feet and began waving his arms over his head. He wanted to get the attention of the trade caravan guards to let them know that there was no longer any threat. The trade caravans, however, were not known for their cautious response to potential dangers, and as Thorn was trying to wave and let them know that everything was ok, they were loading their mortars. A chill ran down Thorns spine as he realized that the trade caravan guards were actually going to begin firing on them. He turned to the hostages who were just beginning to stir. Court Raleigh was right about one thing: the trade caravan didnt care, and these people were about to get slaughtered.
Get back to your homes, Thorn screamed. He couldnt hear himself over the ringing in his ears, and he doubted anyone else could either. But he screamed nonetheless, and waved his arms and pointed at the impending danger.
The farmers were slow, though. Maddeningly slow.
Then Thorn did hear something over the ringing in his ears: it was a high-pitched whine coming from overhead. They had fired the first mortar shot. It blasted behind them, closer to where the throne and the wagon of weapons had exploded near the bridge. Thorn found Josh Varick and shook him to get his attention. Joshs eyes were unfocused and dazed as he looked up. Thorn pointed at the trade caravan. For a few seconds Josh didnt seem to understand. Then another explosion shook them as a second mortar blast impacted closer than the first. Joshs eyes widened in recognition. Thorn moved his arms in sweeping motions away from his chest, indicating for Josh to get everyone out of there, and to do it right now. Josh nodded and began rousing people and helping them to their feet.
The Amber Bones Gang was getting to their feet as well, and beginning to realize the danger of their situation. Those that were able righted their bikes and rode away into the farmland, fleeing from the battery.
Thorn did his best to help Josh rouse the farmers. He all but shoved them away from the danger zone and was quickly losing his patience with their seeming reluctance to look after their own well-being.
He was trying to motivate one of the farmers wives to get to her feet when a black shape in the corner of his eye caught his attention. He turned to find Melina Bann had gotten to her feet, and was standing with a pulse rifle drawn and pointed directly at him. The woman that Thorn was trying to help was too dazed to move so he left her and turned to face his adversary. Melina was watching him with murderous intent written in her ice-blue eyes, and there was nothing Thorn could do about it. He was fully exposed.
A second later she was gone. A mortar blast impacted right in front of her and blasted her from her feet, throwing her like a rag doll. Thorn breathed a heavy sigh of relief, and while he acknowledged that perhaps the mortars werent entirely a bad thing, watching Melina get blasted and thrown like that reminded him of his own vulnerability. He, too, could be obliterated at any moment.
He turned back to the woman he had been trying to help, pulled her to her feet, and shoved her off the main road.
Most of the people had gotten to safety by this point. A few were still unconscious. Thorn bent to grab one of these, intending to carry her off the main road and take shelter himself until the battery ended. Surely the trade caravan would figure out soon that they werent under attack, he thought to himself. Surely they recognized that no one was shooting back?
As he bent to pick the woman up he was knocked flat with a piercing pain in his right shoulder. He didnt know what had hit him. He only knew that his entire right arm was in searing pain. He turned towards the bridge behind him and saw Court Raleigh, like the skeletal figure for which he had taken his name, rising out of the ruins of his throne. He had come out of his stilts and stepped on the broken skulls, cracking them under his boots as he advanced, holding a sparker pistol on Thorn.
Sparker pistols werent terribly accurate as this range; it was clear from the malevolence on Courts glowing face that he had intended to kill. It was clear that the next shot would do exactly that.
Why . . . do you serve . . . the weak? Court demanded through clenched teeth.
Thorn pulled his legs under him into a crouching position, ready to jump, ready to charge, when Court was blindsided by Scott Tanning, who leapt and bit at his arm. Court screamed and lashed out, throwing Scott from him. The gun went flying over the side of the bridge and into the river. Scott teetered against the stone guard, and would have gone over if Thorn hadnt sprinted to close the distance between them and pulled him back.
The mortar blasts continued to impact around them. A blast knocked loose one of Mallorys Mermaids at the foot of the bridge and sprayed chunks of marble over them before the statue collapsed.
Run, Thorn ordered, but Scott didnt move. Go on, run, get out of here!
Scott still didnt move. Thorn saw a determination in the kids eyes, something that he had not seen before. Scott wanted to stay, and he wanted to fight, even if it cost him his life.
You saved my life and Im grateful, now get the HELL OUT OF HERE.
Thorn shoved him and finally the message got through. Scott began running over the Foamingwake Bridge, but he stopped halfway up and turned back.
Behind you! Scott yelled, but he was too late.
Court had righted a dune bike and was brandishing like a whip one of the chains that had secured his throne. He slung it around Thorns neck as he roared by.
Thorn was quick to get a hand between the chain and his neck before it cinched down and pulled him from his feet. It was the only thing that prevented his neck from breaking as the chain snapped taught. He was pulled behind Court Raleigh up the bridge, scraping, bruising, and bloodying his body over the uneven stones.
Court planted a foot and spun around, leaving a half-moon of rubber before accelerating back down the bridge. Thorn rolled along the ground, unable to find his footing before he was snapped in the opposite direction. Another turn would break his neck for sure.
No pain. Thorn felt as though he were watching his body from above, separating himself from it. Time seemed to slow down to a crawl as he bounced and gagged over the uneven stones. This was the moment: survive or die.
When he reached the base of the bridge Court slowed the throttle and leaned into the turn. He planted his right foot. The rear tire squealed and smoke erupted from between the rubber and the stones as it spun in place before biting down and accelerating. Court was turning, looking back at Thorn, leading with his amber eyes. Thorn rolled twice from the momentum. The chain was slack for the moment. Thorn stepped with one foot, pressing down into the bridge and pushing with all his might. His leg burned. It didnt feel like it was his leg at all. He felt like a marionette; all he had to do was pull the strings, and it would stand. His body obeyed as Thorn operated it through sheer willpower.
Court accelerated through the turn and was leaning on the throttle, leaving behind a trail of smoke and rubber. Thorn took up two feet of slack from the chain before it began to pull taught again. He swung it as Court accelerated past and smashed him squarely in the face. The chain whipped around his nose and cheekbones with a crack, and Court was floating for a brief moment as he was lifted off the seat of his bike. The bike continued in the direction of its momentum, now without a rider and rearing up before it lost control and swerved into the stone guard rail of the bridge.
Court Raleigh fell on his back with a thud.
Time returned to normal for Thorn as he stepped over Court. The mortar blasts had let up as the trade caravan finally realized that they were not being attacked. Out of the corner of his vision Thorn could see the heavily-armored guards swarming over the destruction they had caused.
Thorn grabbed Court by the front of his raggedy costume and lifted him. Courts smashed nose was leaking blood and as his lips pulled back to take a rattling breath they revealed that his front two teeth had been knocked out.
Why do I serve the weak? Thorn asked through gritted teeth. He could feel the effects of his exertion taking over him. Everything was turning black around the edges. Days of exhaustion, sleeplessness, keeping himself aware and heightened at all times in a constant fight for his life, fighting the pain and keeping himself going, it was all catching up to him now. He could pass out at any moment and he no longer wanted to fight it. Everything was beginning to hurt in a way that he didnt want to experience.
You are weak, Thorn said. He had raised his fist. He wanted to bury his knuckles into Courts face until they were coated with blood and that amber glowing make-up. But Courts eyes had already rolled over. He was already gone. Thorn threw him back to the ground.
Thorn fell back, anticipating that he would black out as well. He was surprised to find that he had been prevented from collapsing by something. He glanced under his arm to find Scott Tanning was doing his best to support him. Thorn chuckled.
Its a losing battle, kid.
Then he passed out.


28

When Thorn awoke he didnt feel any pain at all. He felt like he was floating on a cloud, and that meant that he was either dead or heavily drugged. As he looked around and found himself in one of the luxurious hospital rooms he had seen at the Len Dietrich Public Health Care Clinic, he ruled out the former assumption. He tried to sit up and found that it was difficult to bend his torso. Sliding his hand over his chest revealed that his upper body was covered in a thick layer of gauze.
A nurse walked in while he was struggling to sit up and she was startled to find that he was awake. Thorn recognized her from the night that he had tried to get in to see Brad Hadlik. That was only a few days ago, but it felt like a lifetime.
She went into action quickly, shoving a thermometer in his mouth before he could ask any questions, and then taking his pulse while she talked. Oh, my, Im glad youre up. Weve been worried sick about you.
Thorn was about to ask how long hed been out, but she seemed to read his mind as she continued.
Youve been out three days. You were very lucky that sparker shot didnt shatter any bones in your shoulder. It was a clean shot and we were able to dig the projectile out and patch you up. Besides that youve got two cracked ribs, and you were suffering from dehydration and contusions over most of your torso. Weve kept you sedated and weve got you on a morphine drip.
I certainly am.
The nurse was making some notes on her chart.
Are you hungry? Ill bring in a tray. Youve been living on a liquid diet these past few days, so you should get some food in your belly. Ill start you small, dont worry. She winked as she replaced the chart. Oh, youve had a visitor hanging around since we brought you in. Hes been pestering me constantly. Whens Thorn going to wake up? Whens Thorn going to wake up? Hell be just tickled pink to see you.
She disappeared and less than a minute later an anxious-looking Scott Tanning peeked around the doorframe. He grinned and burst into the room when he saw Thorn was awake.
I was so worried I couldnt even sleep, he said as he came into the room and sat on the corner of the bed. I was afraid you were going to die after you collapsed on me like that.
Ive been through worse, Thorn said.
Scott scanned Thorns bandaged body. Id hate to have seen it.
Thanks for having my back out there.
Scott was fidgeting with his hands. You saved my life. I dont know how I can ever repay you.
Thorn didnt like it when things got too emotional, and right now it looked like Scott was venturing dangerously close to that threshold. Thorn tried to sound as cavalier as he could when he said, Hey, you saved my life too, remember? A couple of times. Besides, your fathers paying me very well for finding you. Thorn attempted to sit up but was again frustrated in his attempt by the thick gauze around his torso which prevented him from being able to bend. Hes paying for half of my new buggy. Its going to be so sweet. Itll be a hobby gas-fueled super buggy of his own design.
Scotts face had fallen at the mention of his father. Thorn paused.
Whats the matter, kid? You dont like buggies?
I love buggies. Its just that . . . I cant let you take me back.
Oh no, I went through too much for you to back out now. Were going back even if I have to tie you down and drag you the whole way.
Dont get me wrong. I want to go back. I want to go back more than anything in the world. Maybe Ill become a mechanic like my dad. I dont know. Maybe. I dont know what I want. But I cant. Im going to turn myself in for my role in the Amber Bones Gang. I helped hurt people. I was there the night that they murdered that man, Mr. Pith. I was part of it, and I should face the consequences.
I dont think you should do that. This whole government is corrupt, from Len Dietrich to that mayor, whats his name? Dinesh? I wouldnt trust any one of them to administer justice.
Oh, thats right, you havent heard.
Heard what?
The revolution. After everything that happened the farmers were so angry they took some of the guns that survived the explosion and marched on the mayors mansion. They got a bunch of the dock workers with them and they stormed the place. Just about tore it all down too. They went in there and threw Mayor Dinesh out. Chucked him into the Old Foss, literally. Scott laughed.
So whos running things right now?
That trade caravan, Browning. But the towns going to hold elections. Pretty much everyones thrown their support behind Mr. Varick for mayor. Ive been talking with him, and he said that hed vouch for me since I was a friend of yours. They caught some of the people with the gang. They got David Scontz locked up and a few others. Most of the others managed to flee though. But Mr. Varick said that Id be assigned community service for a while. You know, to make up for what I did and help rebuild things here. I feel like its something I need to do. Do you think my father will understand?
I think your father would be very proud of you.
Scott smiled. Well, I guess I should go turn myself in. They let me wait until you were awake. Thanks again Thorn. You really did save my life. In more ways than one.
Thorn was about to ask what had become of Court Raleigh, but Scott had disappeared around the door. Thorns mind was already working on what he was going to tell Rich Tanning when he got back. This was going to make one glorious story at the pub. He was going to play up Scotts parts and turn him into a local hero. That kid was going to have his pick of the young ladies of Herrickstead when he came back from his community service. Thorn wondered if Rich would ever forgive him for that.
The nurse came through the door carrying a tray. Thorn couldnt tell exactly what it was that was in the bowl she set before him. He was still too drugged up to feel hungry, but he figured hed try to force it down regardless.
Im so glad that young man finally got to see you, the nurse said as she helped Thorn into a sitting position and fluffed his pillow behind him so it would keep him propped up. You should have heard him, pestering me day and night. And sitting in your room waiting, that boy never left your side. Now you eat up and Ill be back in a few minutes for your tray.
The food was bland, but it was warm and Thorn was able to eat it without too much trouble. Even though he didnt feel hungry in the least, he did feel a lot stronger once he got the food down.
As he was pushing the tray aside and seeing if he could get out of bed, a well-dressed man stepped into the room. Ah, Mr. Thorn, the nurse said you were awake.
You my doctor? Thorn asked without looking up.
He did look up when he found that the man had taken his hand in both of his and was shaking it vigorously. No, Im not your doctor. My name is Kevin Browning, and on behalf of the Browning Trade Family I wanted to extend my deepest and sincerest gratitude for your efforts to protect us.
Kevin Browning was a young man with dark, thick hair and dark intelligent eyes peering out from behind a pair of spectacles.
Thorn leaned back on his pillow. You endangered those peoples lives when you fired on them.
Yes, that was an unfortunate incident all around. Nonetheless, our investigators have been over the accident area, and they fully briefed me on everything that happened. Your quick actions saved many lives, and helped to preserve our familys standing as the premier trade family.
Im thrilled for you. Now, if youll excuse me, I was just now trying to get out of bed so I can run on down to town hall and see if I can collect my bounty for Court Raleigh, and then Im out of here.
That may be a problem, Kevin Browning said, sliding one of the chairs over so he could sit by the bed. I understand that you were unconscious these past few days, and that you arent aware of the political upheaval in the town of Webster Grove?
Im aware of it.
Are you also aware that in the terms of the standard public bounty contract that any time there is a significant upheaval of the political landscape in which the sitting members of the government are forcibly removed, such as a revolution, that the contract becomes null and void?
Are you telling me that after everything I did for them these people are going to stiff me?
You must understand that the town of Webster Grove has a significant amount of rebuilding to do. The Browning Trade Family has agreed to work with the new government as a form of atonement for our actions the other night, and we will be covering a significant portion of the costs to rebuild.
You could have put a stop to their revolution before it started. But how convenient for you it must have been. And of course, youll be receiving preferential treatment on the trade routes, I suppose? Len Dietrich filled me in on the significance of this towns geographical positioning.
Naturally, we will expect to be on friendly terms with the new government, once we have properly atoned for our part in the other evenings unfortunate activities. But you must allow me to get to my point. I dont know how much you know about the man calling himself Court Raleigh.
I know his real name is Paul and hes related to your family.
Paul Browning is my brother.
Thorns face dawned recognition. So youre the famous brother Ive heard so much about. Youre the one they chose to save. I didnt recognize the family resemblance without the skull tattoos.
Kevin Browning forced a smile. In fact, our trade family is very tight, and there are many brothers and sisters. But, yes, I am the brother who was kidnapped along with Paul all those years ago. But I dont think that youve been told the full story. Our family bartered for the both of us and paid for our release up front. The kidnappers, however, rightly fearing the reprisal of the trade family, only released us one at a time. They kept Paul back so they would have leverage to escape unharmed, leaving instructions for where the boy might be found at a later date. Some of the other trade families have a policy of not negotiating with extortionists and kidnappers as a deterrent. Ours, however, never adopted such a policy. We happily pay them what they want for the safe return of our family members, and then we track them down afterwards and subject them to some of the most excruciating and inhumane tortures that are currently known to man. The stories of our barbarity are usually deterrent enough. And that is exactly what we did in this case. Once we caught up to the kidnappers, however, we found that my younger brother, Paul, was not with them. We obviously thought they had killed him, but they stuck to their story even after days of torture. They said that he had escaped their custody and was most likely dead in the wilderness.
Thats certainly not the way he tells it.
Yes, its very unfortunate that he believed himself betrayed all of these years. We will never be able to make up for that lost time or those injured emotions.
Thorn suppressed a laugh. Court Raleigh, or Paul Browning, rather, was dealing with a lot more than just hurt emotions.
So they got him prison, I take it? Well, these prisons out here tend to be pretty lax. I can always pick him up for you again in a few years when he gets out.
Kevin Browning was shaking his head. Paul is not going to a public prison. He will be incarcerated in our own private detention center, and he will be treated by the best psychological physicians we have available to us. Trust me: he wont be getting out any time soon.
I see.
But that brings me to the matter at hand. Twenty years ago when my family was searching for Paul Browning they offered a reward for any information that would lead to his discovery and return to us. We never found out what happened to him, and that reward is still good. I intend to honor it.
How much are we talking?
How does a thousand dollars sound?
Thorns jaw dropped. A . . . thousand . . . dollars?
Kevin Browning produced a thick brown envelope from under his coat. Please take this with our sincerest thanks. It has been difficult not knowing what had become of one of our own.
Kevin Browning shook Thorns hand again before showing himself to the door. Thorn was able to pull himself into a sitting position with his legs dangling off the side of the bed in his excitement as he flipped through the bills inside the envelope. He had never seen this much money before; not at one time, anyway. It was more than enough for his new buggy, and probably enough for some new features that he wouldnt have been able to afford before. His mind was spinning with the possibilities.
But first he had to get out of this hospital room. It was the nicest hospital he had ever seen, but it was still a hospital and Thorn nursed a deep hatred for them. He thumbed out a few dollars and left them on his pillow. This hospital used to be funded with Len Dietrichs money, but Thorn didnt know what had become of it now. But his money was already burning a hole in his pocket and he didnt like the idea of being in debt to anyone. Besides, he fully intended to raid one of the drug closets before he departed for some more of that morphine he was hopped up on, and he wanted to pay for that as well. It was a long ride back to Herrickstead, and Thorn wasnt quite ready to crash back down to earth. Not yet.



###

Thank you for reading the first Thorn the Bounty Hunter story. If you enjoyed it, I would very much appreciate if you were to drop by your favorite ebook retailer and leave a review. And tell a friend! Look for the continued adventure in book two, Thorn the Bounty Hunter in The Crystal Countess, which is currently available. Feel free to visit my Smashwords author page at http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/bromkearne and follow me on Twitter https://www.twitter.com/BromKearne

Thank you for your support.
--Brom


Read the exciting first two chapters of Thorn the Bounty Hunter in The Crystal Countess right here. It is currently available at most e-book retailers:


1

The Eggs and Buttercups Inn was especially crowded tonight as the people of Ninaine were celebrating the official first day of summer. The summer celebration was a tradition passed down from olden times, and though it had lost much of its original purpose, which was as a solemn entreaty for nature to grant beneficial conditions during the growing season, it now afforded the people of Ninaine an excuse to forget the worries of a town which based its entire living on the caprice of nature for their harvests. In other words, it was an excuse to party and blow off steam before the real work began. They had daily parades and nightly bonfires; they had plays of local folktales and legends; they had music; they had copious amounts of food and liberal amounts of drink, and everyone from the children to the elderly found something to do.
This years celebration was conducted under a certain amount of stress, more so than in previous years, and so was all the more raucous as people needed the excuse for a little fun and frivolity. The town of Ninaine, as many of the towns scattered across the Free Lands, had relied heavily on the L & D Shipping Company to distribute their goods to other towns and to the trade caravans that traversed the land. When the L & D Shipping Company collapsed overnight after its head was murdered this past spring, it left a sizable hole in the economy, as many towns suddenly found themselves without a reliable means of distribution. The people of Ninaine faced an uncertain harvest later this year. They had plenty of food in the ground; what they were going to do with it all remained to be seen.
This uncertainty would be dealt with when the time came, and if that meant it heralded hard times, then it was all the more important for the people of Ninaine to get their celebrating in now when they could, or at least that was the prevailing feeling. And while they eschewed the old rituals for rain and a productive growing season, they yet practiced some new rituals, most of which called for imbibing as much as possible, staying up long into the night in order to properly honor the moon, especially as many of the Ninainers were howling at it, and watering the ground in simulation of the desired summer storms.
Among the townspeople who had packed into the Eggs and Buttercups, or the E and B as the locals called it, was one individual who sat in the corner and did his best not to stick out too conspicuously, even though he only sipped at his drink, and cast nervous glances over his shoulder at every explosion of laughter or pop of a firecracker.
He was drinking the local grain alcohol because thats what was being served, but it was clear he did not like it. The alcohol had flushed his face, and the capillary action over his cheeks and nose made him feel uncomfortably warm in the over-crowded pub. He was nervous enough as it was without the added discomfort.
He wore a simple and unadorned grey tunic buttoned to the neck, a costume which made him stand out especially among the cotton and denim wearing Ninainers. He excited a few whispers of curiosity, but for the most part everyone was content to give this odd little man his privacy. He sat at a table by himself in the corner and spun his glass between his fingers and started every time someone laughed sharply or bumped into the table.
A particularly loud explosion sent him to the window, knocking his glass over and spilling what was left of his drink. Outside, people were parading with paper suns and storm clouds with streamers simulating rain. He was only partially relieved to discover the explosion had been a firecracker, as people were detonating them along the parade route.
This was a mistake, he muttered under his breath as he peered outside. He pulled a small steel watch out of his pocket and checked the time.
Waiting for someone?
The voice came from his shoulder, causing the man to jump nearly out of his tunic.
He turned to find a man with a deep bronze complexion standing behind him. He had a wide square face, with a strong cleft chin and a thin mouth under a thin moustache. His black hair was slicked back and his brown eyes were deep and penetrating. He wore a maroon coat with a cream cravat, making him stand out among the simple farmers as much as the man in the grey tunic.
You are Green, are you not? the newcomer asked. He spoke in a slow drawl and his words were carefully formed by his white teeth and sharp, pointed tongue.
Who are you?
Please, have a seat. Let me buy you another drink. You seem to have spilled yours.
I need to know who you are.
The newcomer ignored him and waved for the barmaid. Green noticed that the left sleeve of the newcomers coat hung loosely and was tucked into his belt.
Whats your oldest malt whiskey? the newcomer asked.
He exuded charismatic charm, from the way he smiled to the way his eyes seemed to devour everything he looked at. The barmaid was visibly flushed as she said, We have a ten year old blended malt. But its expensive.
Cost is no bother for me, the newcomer said. Bring us a couple glasses.
Of course, right away. She cast a curious glance at Green, trying to decide what this odd little man had to do with this devilishly handsome and obviously wealthy newcomer before heading back to the bar. And she wasnt the only one to show interest in them. Some of the other townspeople began whispering and pointing, wondering what these two strangely-dressed strangers were doing in their town.
Are you my contact? Green asked once they were alone again. He sat down opposite the newcomer. I was told that I would be meeting several men from the trade caravan and that they would . . .
Be providing you with safe passage to Mount Abora? You can call me George, by the way, he said, extending his hand across the table. He had a firm grip that left Greens hand tingling.
George took out a slip of paper and a pouch of tobacco before expertly rolling a cigarette between his fingers. He only used the one hand. Green watched him nervously, and he had a difficult time taking his eyes from the empty sleeve hanging from Georges left shoulder.
Bear got me, George said flippantly as he placed the cigarette between his lips.
The barmaid returned and set their drinks on the table. She produced a light for George, who wrapped his arm around her waist as he leaned in close to ignite the tip. He exhaled a slow-moving cloud of smoke and slipped a wad of money into her apron. Then he patted her rear and said, Wed like a bit of privacy, my dear.
Of course, she said, her eyes going wide at the money hed slipped her. She was itching to count how much was actually there, and after pulling some chairs from nearby to form a makeshift wall around them, disappeared behind the bar for just that purpose.
George closed his eyes as he sniffed the whiskey and took a sip. Sometimes the finest things come from the roughest people, he said.
Greens glass remained untouched on the table before him. I dont like these people, he said. And I dont trust you. Im not used to how things are done out here. I was told to meet representatives from the trade caravan.
I am a representative from the trade caravan and I can guarantee you safe passage to Mount Abora, George said. Do you have it?
Green didnt answer, though from the nervous way that he looked around it was clear that he did.
On you? George pressed.
Greens jaw clenched, once again giving away that the answer was yes. I want to see some kind of identification.
Do you realize how extremely dangerous it is to walk around out here with something of that value on your person? Why, there are bandits and rascals all over the place that would be just itching to rob you.
As they were talking Georges sharp eyes glanced up and became fixed on the door. Green looked over his shoulder and immediately saw what had drawn Georges attention through the crowd. Two men had just entered the Eggs and Buttercups. They were conspicuous for their size and for the body armor they wore under their clothing. Each of them carried a pulse rifle over his shoulder.
The Ninainers parted as they entered, sensing danger in their midst but not entirely ready to leave off their celebration. The barmaid attempted to head them off as they made their way towards George and Green but they shoved her aside.
Green rose from his seat as they approached. George began rolling another cigarette.
Green, youre going to come with us, one of them said. He was pointing his rifle at Green. The other, standing at his flank, was aiming at George.
Who are you? Green demanded.
We are representatives of the Goldsmith Trade Family. We are here to see that you receive safe passage to Mount Abora. My name is Tim and this is Carter.
Green looked from Tims face to the Goldsmith family crest on the breast of his shirt. Then he turned his gaze on George, who was inhaling from his newly-rolled cigarette.
I thought George was to see me to Mount Abora.
George, is it? Tim asked. Is that the name he gave you? Green, this is Garrett Folke, one of the deadliest assassins in the Free Lands.
Greens eyes went wide as he looked back at the man who had called himself George. Garrett smiled, exposing a pointy white canine tooth between his thin lips.
Now gentlemen, if theres one thing I cant stand its when another man impugns my good reputation. I am THE deadliest assassin in all the Free Lands.
Get behind me, Tim ordered, although Green was, at this point, hesitant to move. He was scared and all of this was happening too quickly. He didnt know whom to trust. I said get behind me. And you: Alaric Goldsmith wishes to speak with you. Stand up and face the wall. Put your hands behind your head.
Both rifles were pointed at Garrett as Tim had stepped between him and Green.
Garrett held up his right hand and nodded to the sleeve hanging limply from his left shoulder. Believe me, gentlemen, I would love nothing more than to speak with Alaric Goldsmith, but I apologize for being unable to oblige your request. Besides, this right here is some of the best blended malt whiskey that I have ever passed over my tongue. It would be a shame to waste it.
Garrett held Tims eyes as he lifted the glass to his lips. He tipped it back, allowing the caramel-colored liquid touched his lips. Then he let the glass fall and for a half a second both Tims and Carters eyes followed it.
Garrett was so fast that Tim barely registered the movement. He only realized what had happened when blood spewed onto his shoulder. He turned to find Carter gasping and clasping at a metal blade protruding from his neck. Tims finger closed around the trigger as he was turning back to Garrett. The slight delay was more than Garrett needed. He had produced another of the wicked little blades between his fingers and was kicking backwards from the table. Tim fired, but the shot went high as the table knocked him in the knees. The shot seared a hole in the wall which would later be framed and serve as the most talked-about tourist attraction in Ninaine, especially by those gawkers who were standing around watching the action tonight.
As Garrett kicked the table he rolled over backwards, coming to his feet in a crouching position. With another nearly imperceptible flick of his wrist he buried a blade in Tims carotid artery. Blood sprayed over the table as Tim dropped the rifle and clutched at his fatal wound. He slumped to his knees, and then he slumped over on his side.
Garrett smoothed down his hair and licked his fingers before running them over his moustache. He straightened his coat and his cravat and tucked his armless sleeve back into his belt. Firecrackers and shouts could be heard from outside but they seemed to be coming from miles away in the stunned silence of the pub.
Green was backing away from Garrett and tripped over the chairs that had been scattered during the altercation.
Now, about that parcel youre carrying, Garrett said, advancing on him.
Green was shaking his head. No, he mouthed as he scrambled on all fours between the legs of the Ninainers.
Garrett produced another blade between his fingers as he stalked his prey. The Ninainers offered no resistance as he weaved between them.
Those who were here knew they were witnessing the makings of a local legend. They were burning the story into their memories for when they would be called upon to tell it later on, and already they were embellishing it in their minds, rehearsing how they would tell of looking death in the eye that night as the legendary assassin Gentleman Garrett Folke passed them by.
Green managed to scramble to the back of the pub, where he fell out the rear entrance. He was on his feet and running towards the crowded road not twenty feet away when a flick of Garretts wrist sent him tumbling forward into the dust. The blade had severed his hamstring.
Green turned over, holding his leg and leaving a trail of blood as he scooted backwards.
Garrett stood over him and snapped his fingers. The Countess.
With a shaking and bloody hand Green reached under his tunic to produce an oval object wrapped in cloth. Garrett snatched it from him.
His pupils dilated as he folded back the cloth. Even in the low light from the moon and the bonfires it dazzled, bathing his square face in prismatic colors. He rewrapped it and tucked it into the inside pocket of his jacket.
Youve got what you want, now please let me go, Green pleaded.
Garrett produced another blade between his fingers. He frowned and shook his head. The blade flashed in the moonlight as it left his fingers.


2

Thorn lay flattened on the tree branch with a pair of leather binoculars held to his eyes. Through the blurred leaves in the foreground he was watching a cabin. A trail of smoke rose from the chimney against the dusky sky, and through the windows came the soft orange glow of a fire. Thorn could not clearly see the interior of the cabin, however he could discern movement by the shadows that passed between the fire and the windows.
He set aside the binoculars and stretched. Hed been planted in this tree for most of the day and his muscles were stiff. He put his tin cup to his lips and drank down the last of his coffee, grimacing as it had long since gone cold and he was down to the dregs. He spat the grounds out before hopping off the tree branch and wiping the tree bark and cornbread crumbles from his clothes. His first order of business was to relieve his aching bladder of some of that cold coffee, then he ran through some calisthenics to get his muscles moving again and his blood pumping after so many hours of torpor.
The shadows moving inside the cabin represented three people that Thorn had been hunting for weeks. They were the Dane Gang: Nestor Dane, his younger brother Taftis, and their close friend Jayce Keaton. They employed other auxiliary members in their pirating, but these were the core three, and together they would fetch a hefty bounty.
Much of the Free Lands had been experiencing economic hardships after the collapse of the L & D Shipping Company. The company had spent decades tying itself inextricably to the government of Bradenfield, and especially to the town of Webster Grove, leaning on politicians to enact laws which drove their competitors out of business, and consolidating power through bureaucracy, that their collapse left a mess of laws that prevented anyone else from filling the vacuum legally. And while the Bradenfield police force, or pale greens as they were known due to the color of their uniforms, was shutting down upstarts who didnt have the proper licensing for the myriad goods they were transporting, the black market smugglers were doing booming business. With the increased black market activity inevitably came an increase in piracy. It was common for a group such as the Dane Gang to offer a respectable front, in their case that was Jayce Keaton, to attract business from desperate towns which no longer had a reliable means of transporting goods to and from the massive trade caravans, only to lead those shipments into the wilderness where they were preyed upon by Nestor and Taftis. The Dane Gang was one of the worst because they werent just interested in stealing goods. They seemed to take great pleasure in killing, and had left a trail of bodies along their hunting grounds, which included the territory along the border of the Fiann and Bradenfield.
Thorn had tracked down Nestor and Taftis by following the glyphs they left on rock faces as a means of communicating with peripheral members of the gang. They had around a half dozen people who helped them on raids and received their orders by a simple code of squares, circles, and triangles that were carved into out-of-the-way rock faces across the territory. Thorn didnt have the patience or the time to crack the code, so he found a rock face with recent markings and waited in ambush. After a couple of days one of the peripheral gang members came by to receive orders. Thorn captured him and began breaking fingers until he told him when and where the next raid was going to be.
With this information Thorn was able to track down the Dane Gang as they pirated a shipment of goods crossing the border. He was woefully underequipped to take down the gang at that time, and had been planning simply to follow them back to their safe house, but he was prepared to intervene after they had tied up their prisoners and Taftis looked ready to do them all with his cruel boltslinger. Taftis was a mean little man who took exceptional delight in pain and death. Jayce Keaton, however, would not allow it. He and Taftis had nearly come to blows, and one or the other of them would probably not have made the return journey to their cabin if Nestor had not stepped between them to keep the peace.
Thorn was able to follow their physical trail back to this isolated cabin in the northern Bradenfield wilderness, where he had been watching them for the better part of a day. Taftis was still fuming for not being allowed to kill the prisoners, and they had gotten into a terrible argument. Though he couldnt make out the words, Thorn could hear the shouts all the way from out here. That argument ended when Taftis had exploded out the front door, screaming and cursing at the sky and everything else.
Nestor stayed behind, presumably to smooth things over, as Taftis vented his anger by firing his boltslinger into the trees, shouting curse words with each pull of the trigger. During this outburst Thorn had taken refuge behind the tree he was using for reconnaissance, because with Taftis mercurial nature there was no telling where those bolts might wind up.
Taftis was a short and mean-looking man with narrow eyes, a scraggly beard, and greasy shoulder-length hair. His brother Nestor was a little taller and had shorter hair, but he was just as mean and rough-looking. It was no wonder that Jayce Keaton was the one who approached their potential victims as he was the only one of them that looked halfway respectable. He had short dark hair and a well-trimmed beard. He usually wore an expensive suit and a bowler hat.
Their argument had been resolved when after a little while Nestor came out and sat with Taftis. They were talking, but again Thorn couldnt hear what they were saying. From reading their body language, however, he surmised that Nestor had patched things up with Jayce, and was now trying to patch things up with his brother. Eventually the two of them had gone back inside and Thorn returned to his perch on the tree branch to watch them for the rest of the afternoon.
As the curtain of night drew over the forest Thorns stomach began to churn with excitement. Most of the bounties he had taken recently were low-profile jobs that, while they had provided a steady (albeit small) stream of revenue, had not been able to quench his insatiable desire to test himself. The Dane Gang, however, if they lived up to their reputations, might just end that dry spell.
While he was not someone who could hold onto money for any length of time, Thorn was also someone who did not live beyond his means. He lived in a log cabin in the far reaches of the Western Frontier and was more than capable of sustaining himself on what food the forest provided. What required the most sustaining recently was Thorns new buggy. He had commissioned it several months ago and had only recently acquired it. And it was a beast. The engine ran on hobby gas, which was a rare and powerful fuel. It had a lightweight frame, with independent suspension and thirty-seven inch tires for tearing over the ragged terrain of the Western Frontier. Under ideal conditions it was capable of bursts of speed of nearly two hundred miles per hour, and had a specially-designed frame to handle that amount of torque. All buggies in the Free Lands were custom, but Thorns was truly one of a kind, and there was none that could catch it.
Unfortunately, the hobby gas that fueled the fastest vehicle in all the Free Lands was exceptionally expensive, and so it was wholly impractical for hunting down bounties, as Thorn would be spending more in fuel tracking them down than he would receive as payment for turning them in. The pride of the Western Frontier, therefore, sat under a tarp in Thorns front yard while Thorn pursued bounties astride a rackety old pile of bolts that had been given to him as a reward for ridding Crooked Crag of a particularly nasty interloper this past spring. The tractor buggy ran on slop fuel, which was a quivering mass of solid organic material that had to be cut into thin slices and fed into the caked-over fuel compartment. It was loud, bumpy, slow, and rumbly and Thorn hated it. But it was the only realistic means of transportation he had available right now, so he made do with as little complaining as possible.
The tractor buggy was parked nearby in the trees off the path leading to the cabin. Thorn had shut it down about half a mile away so the rumbling from its noisy engine wouldnt give him away, and had pushed it the remainder of the distance. He had hidden it behind some bushes off the path before finding a tree which offered a decent vantage point from which to observe the Dane Gang.
The front door opened again and Taftis came out. He spat on the ground and relieved himself on the side of the cabin before gathering up an armload of firewood and heading back inside. Even from here Thorn could see the boltslinger hanging from Taftis belt. Taftis used cruel barbed bolts dipped in poison that prevented coagulation. It was a slow and cruel way to die, and he had murdered dozens of people with it.
After so much time tracking and waiting Thorn was aching for a good fight, but he wasnt about to go charging in there if he was just going to get shot up with those barbed bolts. He had been hoping that an avenue of attack would present itself if he only waited long enough, but as dusk was falling over the forest Thorn began to think that he would have to make his own distraction if he wanted to get in there.
The owls had begun their deep-throated vigil. The moon was early in rising, and although the light from the gibbous didnt penetrate the canopy with enough light to see by, it created silver shadows upon the ground. Contrasted with the falling darkness, the warmth from the fire inside the cabin looked all the more inviting. Thorn was frequently troubled by the idea that he was a perpetual outsider, always looking and never belonging. He had not been born in the Free Lands, although he had taken it up as his home. The orange glow through the windows made him feel lonely. But he pushed these thoughts from his mind. The glow from the fire was dying down, and that meant that it wasnt being tended, and that meant that there was a good possibility that they had gone to sleep. Thorn was a hunter, and the time was drawing near to pounce on his unsuspecting prey. That thought filled him with excitement and adrenaline as he ran the twenty yards to the cabin and drew himself up against the wall.
He peered inside. They had been drinking hard, that much was clear by the number of bottles lying around. Jayce was asleep in a bedroom by himself, while Nestor and Taftis were asleep in cots by the fire in the main room. Thorn saw a pile of loot on the table: money mostly, with a few pieces of jewelry, and that gave him an idea.
They had three buggies out front. Thorn went to these. They were liquid-fueled, not like the slop engines you usually saw, and they appeared to be fast. Thorn knelt down to examine the engine, and saw the name Dioneo stamped in the metal. These were good buggies. Dioneo was one of the most famous buggy makers in the Free Lands, and although Thorn preferred his mechanic Rich Tannings work, owning a buggy stamped with Dioneos name was a mark of extreme prestige. Either the Dane Gang did very well for themselves, or these were stolen. Thorn surmised that the latter was the most likely case.
Thorn disengaged the brake and pushed one of them into the trees. He was astounded by how well it handled, with the steering wheel responding to his slightest movement. He was overcome with the desire to hop on and drive it around to see how it measured up to his own, but he fought that down. He could play with the buggies after this job was finished.
He pushed the buggy between two trees that were close together, working it backwards and forwards until it would be difficult to extract. If his plan was going to work he didnt want any of the Dane Gang to be able to utilize this buggy. Then he went back to the others and pulled the starter coil from one of them. He let it drop and kicked it underneath the chassis. The last buggy he left untouched.
He didnt know if he would need all these preparations, but they couldnt hurt. He just wanted a distraction so he could pick off the Dane Gang one at a time.
Thorn took a deep breath before quietly pushing the door open and slipping inside.
Taftis and Nestor were competing over who could snore the loudest. Thorn was thankful for the noise as it helped mask his footfalls as he made his way across the room to open the rear window.
Thorn took an armload of the loot from the table and dumped it out the back window. It should be enough, Thorn thought to himself, at least to make it look like they had been robbed. And the missing buggy would make it look like the robbers had used it to get away.
He looked down at Nestor, who was sleeping right next to the window with his mouth wide open and snoring loudly. He had his boltslinger partially covered by the pillow. Thorn thought it might be a good idea to secure the weapon now, giving himself the advantage when he started up the last buggy outside and drove it into the trees before doubling back around. He was banking on the sound of the buggy to wake up at least one of them, and hopefully they would panic at the sight of their missing loot and chase him outside. It wasnt much of a distraction, but Thorn only needed to separate them long enough so he could take them down one at a time. He was an expert on choke holds, and only required a few seconds once he had his arms around one of them. But then again, having a boltslinger might make it easier if things went badly.
He knelt and began trying to work it out from under the pillow. The weight of Nestors head was on the stock and it wouldnt budge. Thorn tried inching it out. He could smell Nestors whiskey-soaked breath every time he snored. Thorn had no idea how anyone could sleep with this much racket.
Nestor rolled over on top of the boltslinger, erasing all the gains Thorn had already made. He sounded like he was choking, as if his throat had collapsed and he was struggling for air. Thorn was about to make a sprint for the door because this had suddenly become too dangerous.
And then Nestors eyes opened.
