Mine Eternally
A Blood Ties Novel
Book 5
By Kalalea George
Copyright 2013 K. George
Published at Smashwords
This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Id like to thank my husband Michael and my children Heather, Katy, Tara and Jayden for giving me the encouragement and time to write this book
PROLOGUE
(Ramona's POV)
I was running out of places to hide. I could honestly say it was becoming apparently clear that I had many more enemies than allies. I had spent thousands of years making sure almost every race on earth feared or hated me.
I am so sorry little one. You are soul mated to a crazy woman. I don't know what the heck is wrong with me. Every time I think of our future together I do something entirely insane and you suffer the consequences. God was too cruel to match us together. I am so sorry my beloved.
I had run out of time the wolves had found me. I reached out to Ena in my mind. Ena, there is no time for me to explain. I have made a terrible mistake and I can't allow my beloved to die for it. Take note of the image I will be sending you in a moment. I've hidden him there in a trace. Get to him in the next ten hours if possible. Then I flashed her our exact location and pulled myself to my feet.
I felt the first bite to my side and dropped to the ground. They were on me like wild wolves on a doe. I could feel them pulling chunks of flesh from me. There were more than thirty wolves tearing and feasting on my body. I had never thought that anything could be so painful. Who would have thought that my ending would come this way? I was being eaten alive. I felt one of the wolves tear into my abdomen and begin eating my intestines and other innards. I felt my chest being torn open and knew they were finally going after my heart. Thank god, I thought soon I would be gone. I put the image of my tiny little beloved in my mind and held on to it until I felt myself slip away.
(Leona's POV)
I picked up an arm and realized there was a tiny sliver of the vampire heart still undamaged. I carefully lifted it in my hand and examined it to make sure it was a viable piece of heart. I gasped out loud when I realized the vampire didn't have to remain dead. We could allow her to regenerate.
I called out to Kenyan and quietly told him what I'd found. Truth be told I know they were both grieving but the vampire did kidnap a baby and seemed to be pretty insane. I grew up in fear of the wolf slayer. No pack of werewolves was safe from her. Perhaps it was better that she remain dead.
(Joel's POV)
I grew up knowing the truth about my beloved. She had been an elder that had gone insane when she found out she was soul mated to a wolf. She kidnapped me as an infant and managed to get herself killed trying to run from my parents and the wolves that she made enemies.
I wasn't unhappy knowing that I had lost my chance for a true mate but I had to tell myself that I would find love without the fates. Katie and I had gotten to know each other over time and had grown to love each other more than any love the fates could force on me. I was going through med school and had already made my intentions clear to Katie and my family. After graduation I was coming home to marry Katie in the traditional human fashion then we would create our own blood blond and our own fate.
That plan and my love for Katie changed the moment I laid eyes on my true beloved. Ramona wanted to try and deny our souls and had allowed me to think she perished all those years ago. Shes been alone and paying penance for her past sins... Shes hell bent on staying out of my life or trying to make me reject her. l don't care if they called her the wolf slayer, I don't care if she was supposed to be dead. The only thing I cared about was making her eternally mine.
(Katie's POV)
How could he tell me that he wasnt in love with me anymore? I spent twenty years of my life loving him. He is my happy ever after. Joels soul may be confused but I intend to turn up the heat until Joel remembers why we love each other.
My wolf and I know that we are true mates. If Joel would just blood bond with me he too would stop being confused. Its just that he has both a wolf mate and a beloved. Joel is just like Kalli since they are both first born hybrids. The big difference is Kalli did well with both of her mates.
Joel however must be confused since he met his vampire beloved first. I am sure that the fates made a mistake when they soul mated him to Ramona. She was dead and should have stayed that way. If the only thing standing between me and Joel is a decrypt and mentally challenged vampire than I would just have to use some old fashioned tricks to change his mind. I will never give up and hand my true mate to the wolf slayer.
CHAPTER 1
(Ramonas POV)
My soul ached on a daily basis. I had always been somewhat crazy but I knew that I was becoming completely insane. The pain alone was driving me out of my mind. My soul incessantly cried for its beloved. It knew he was out there and just wanted to touch his soul.
I tried to get rid of the feelings, I tried everything I could think of then I sought those who might know more than me. Nothing satisfied my soul. It wanted its mate and nothing else would do. I roamed through cities and feel nothing for the inhabitants or anything that I see.
My love of life is long gone. I have lived to many years of solitude I allowed my hatred of the wolves to fuel my life and turn me into a monster. I kidnapped my own beloved and risked his life to satisfy my own whimsical feelings. I am not worthy of his love and will never allow my soul to feel his.
I will walk through life for as many years as I have to paying penance for my sins against my beloved. I will make sure that our paths never cross and that he never suffers a single moment because of me. I make sure to keep very close tabs on him so that we are never accidently in the same place. So for that reason alone I couldnt imagine why my soul was suddenly humming with excitement.
It was like it knew something that I hadnt yet figured out for myself. I looked around and didn't see any faces that stood out in the crowd. I inhaled deeply and was assaulted with the wonderful fragrance of honeysuckles that I knew belonged to my beloved. I pivoted my head around the restaurant and made eye contact. He was more handsome in person then photos.
His dark brown slightly wavy hair worn like hed just gotten out of bed. He was dressed in hospital scrubs and still looked like a million dollars. Every woman in the restaurant stopped and gawked at his good looks. He had a very attractive shewolf attached to his side and I briefly found myself wondering if she was his mate.
Part of me wanted to stand up and rip her throat out while screaming at the other women to stop looking at him. Joel belongs to me, always has and always will. Then the rational side of my brain kicked in and I knew I had to get out of there before he realized who he was looking at. I was no longer safe to be around and I knew that my presence alone put my beloved in danger.
I knocked over the table with my hasty exit and several patrons in the restaurant tried to stop and ask me what was wrong. I bolted out of the restaurant and launched into my full speed to get away. I topped out around one hundred and twenty five miles and hours. I looked like a blur to the human eye as I passed by. I charged straight into the desert with the intention putting as much distance between my beloved and I.
I ran until I was deep into the Nevada desert. I dropped onto the cold sand and allowed my emotions free reign. I moved through them like a human moves through grief. First I was in denial; I couldnt understand how my beloved and I were in the same state nonetheless the same restaurant.
Then I moved on to anger. I was angry at Leona and Kenyan for saving my life. I was angry that I had been such a bad person before Joels birth and that I would never be able to be with my beloved. I was angry that I was clinically insane and that my very own mind had turned against me. I was no longer able to rationalize right from wrong. The only time I knew beyond a shadow of doubt that I was doing the right thing was when I stayed away from Joel. I knew I was giving him a chance at real happiness.
That thought moved me on to grief, sadness and depression. This is the phase I have been stuck in for years. Leona assures me if I move past this to acceptance that even my mind will begin to heal. But how can I accept that I lived for thousands of years for the chance to be with my beloved. Only to find him and lose him over the course of a few days.
It was my own fault and my own obsessive behavior that caused me to lose him. I had never allowed myself to heal mentally from the abuse I had lived through at the hands of werewolves. I had gotten to the anger stage and had stayed there for more than a thousand years. I had taken my hurt and anger out on every wolf that crossed my path.
I had never given any of them a chance. I had attacked first and never actually got around to the questions part. I had always assumed they were all guilty. Many of them might have been but I am also sure many had been innocent.
If I had ever actually allowed myself to move through all the steps maybe I wouldn't have been such a bad person. Maybe just maybe I wouldnt have killed so many innocent wolves. Then, maybe just the tiniest littlest may I would have been able to have Joels heart and soul and have finally known what true love felt like.
(Joels POV)
The last minute trip to Vegas had been Katies idea. I finished my final hours of residency at the hospital last night and we hopped in the car and drove straight to Vegas with the intention of getting married in a chapel and consummating our vowels in the Borgata hotel and casino.
Katie and I had decided to elope since of late my mom and grams have been trying to put a wedge between Katie and me. I really dont know why since Katie has been part of our family since I was a baby. My grams took Katie under her wing and had helped to shape her into the wonderful woman that I fell in love with.
Then, out of the blue they start saying things like maybe you two are moving too fast. What if Katie has a true wolf mate? Shes not yours or you would know it by now. We all thought when you got older your wolf would recognize hers. Dont bind her to you and cause yourself and her pain when her true mate comes along.
Katie and I couldnt disagree more. Both of us feel we know how to make better choices than the fates. I was starving and we decided to stop for a quick bite before checking in. I will still in my scrubs and it wasn't really appropriate for a sit down meal but my soul was pulling me towards this tiny little Italian restaurant that was known more for the wine they served then the food.
Katie had looked at me quizzically and had even raised her eyebrows when I insisted that we eat there. The moment I cross the threshold I felt my soul burst to life. It was like suddenly having a film removed from my eyes and the world lit up with color. I looked around room in wonder at how absolutely beautiful the world suddenly looked.
Then I smelled lilacs and vanilla. I automatically shifted my head and my eyes in the direction of the scent. I saw the most beautiful women I had ever seen in my life. My eyes locked onto her magnificent obsidian eyes. She had creamy tanned looking skin and dark brown hair which was pulled loosely on top of her head. If I was guessing I would think she was of eastern European descent.
I saw her eye shift and knew that she was getting ready to take. I watched as the table shed been sitting at flew abruptly into the air and she moved towards the exit. I too started to follow her movements with the intention of stopping her from leaving. I needed to know who she was. I needed to understand why my soul thought she was our beloved.
She got to the exit first and took off at full speed. I blinked and lost sight her. I started to run but found something was holding me back. I looked and realized Katie was holding me with one hand while holding onto a steel light post at the same time. I tried to shrug her off so that I could catch my beloved. I turned and actually growled at her.
The shock of my pulling a pure dominance move on her was enough for her to release me. I took off at full speed following the scent of my beloved. I could hear Katies voice echoing in my ears
Joel, come back. Dont chase her. She cant bring you anything but sorrow. Stay with me, we can be happy together. Joel please
Her words touched me and it hurt that I knew I had to go. I had to track down my beloved. If I had been lucky enough to have a second beloved I would not spit in the eye of the fates. Somehow just being near her changed my life in ways that I never thought possible. I knew to keep what I had today and to feel more of the same I would chase her to the ends of the earth if necessary.
CHAPTER 2
(Katies POV)
I recognized the wolf slayer by her black soulless eyes the moment we walked into the restaurant. I felt the hair on my arms and the back of my neck stand on end. Then a shiver of dread ran down my spine like a thousand tiny little spiders. I had been so confused by his choice in places to eat. Generally speaking we enjoyed steak houses over other forms of prepared food. To have pasta wouldnt have been too abnormal but this restaurant was mostly seafood and had a reputation for fine wines and bad food.
I only ever wanted Joel to be happy so I let him drag me into the dive. I spotted her the moment we cleared the vestibule. She was sitting at a table in the corner of the room with her back to the wall. She looked like a predator seeking its next victim. I felt Joels body tense and I knew that he too was aware of her presence.
I grabbed hold of his arm with the intention of leading both of us back outside and away from the wolf slayer. She would probably kill both of us on sight if given the chance. We needed to get as far away from here as possible. It was said that once the wolf slayer chose you as her target there was no chance for survival.
I pulled at Joels arm but his body refused to move. Then I watched as the slayer spotted the two of us. I watched her pupils dilate and her nose flare. She knew we were both wolves. I turned to face my mate and instead of fear saw surprise and desire flash across his face. I suddenly smelled his pheromones fire off and I knew he was sending out a mating call to her.
Thats when the truth hit me; the wolf slayer was his beloved Ramona. The one that his mother and father continued to allow him to believe was dead. The reason why Ena was pushing for Joel and I to give each other space and time instead of marrying and blood bonding. I have known for years the Ramona had survived the attack. I had overheard Leona, Sophia and Ena discussing it years ago when Joel has still been just a boy.
I had thought it odd that they had decided not to tell him of his beloveds existence but Id been grateful that I wouldnt have to compete for his love and affection. His mother Sophia had been adamant that Ramona stays away from Joel. She had even gone so far as to say that she would kill her herself if she ever came within five hundred feet of her child again. I had found it to be a very extreme statement coming from a woman who showed compassion to worms.
I had meant to question Ena but had never gotten around to it. The truth is I had assumed that since Joels family comes from long line of powerful vampires and hybrids that whoever this Ramona was would be kept far away from my true mate Joel. I had never banked on his Ramona being just more powerful if not more than his family. She is the boogeyman to our pack children. We use her name to scare the pups into staying indoors and going to bed.
I trembled as I watched her push the table away and come to her feet. My body shook and I know that the smell of fear permeated the air around me. For just a moment I was too shocked to move, I held my breath waiting for her hand to wrap itself around my neck. I closed my eyes and tried to steady my breathing and my heart, by the time I opened them again she was gone and Joel was trying to chase after her.
I started to think that he didnt have a clue that his beloved was. I tried to get his attention and ask him why he would chase the wolf slayer even if she was his beloved. He pulled and tugged me outside without even straining a muscle. I grabbed onto the steel light pole in an effort to stop his forward motion.
He turned and growled loudly in my face while barring his teeth clearly showing me that he is the dominant wolf and that I must submit. I tried to fight back but my wolf whimpered and bared her throat to him. I was forced to let go of him. The moment my hands released him Joel propelled himself after her. I was left with nothing I could do but shout to him
Joel, come back. Dont chase her. She cant bring you anything but sorrow. Stay with me, we can be happy together. Joel please
(Joels POV)
I ran until I was beyond exhausted deep into the cool dark desert. I had lost her scent many miles ago but had kept running hoping to find it again. I again threw back my head and howled in frustration. I could see the sun was starting to rise and I knew that my time for looking was over. As I aged I had developed sensitivity to sunlight. I would get blisters and eventually become very ill if I stayed out for too many hours in direct sunlight. I was going to have to take cover until the sun retreated again or until I was able to have Katie come and retrieve me in a car.
I found a small cave and shifted into my wolf so that I could crawl inside. It felt somehow wrong to ask Katie for help but since we were the only pack members here it was Katie or sit in the tiny confined cave all day long. I reached into my mind to find the pack link that I shared with Katie. The moment I touched the link she responded. I told her approximately where I thought I was and asked her to come and scout me out. I had expected her to ask lots of questions but she kept silent only telling me that she would come.
In just under three hours I heard the roar of a car engine and knew that Katie was getting close. I touched the link and again she responded immediately. Then she howled from the car and I howled from the cave. With just the sounds from my wolves howl she knew exactly where I was and was able to pull the car right to the entrance. Then to my amazement she got out of the car and opened an umbrella to spare me for even a small amount of sun.
That was my Katie, always thinking of my needs. She had been that way with me her entire life, always putting me and my needs first. She had even given up her own career goals just to stay with my family when Id been young. Katie has always been convinced that I am her true wolf mate. I wish that were true, but my wolf has never recognized her wolf as anything but a friend and confidant. I had wanted to love Katie, I had even lied to myself so often that I was nearly convinced that I did love Katie.
I knew now that I hadnt really understood what a true mate or beloved would feel like. To think that I could snub fate was as foolish as thinking you could lasso the moon. I wanted to love Katie but I knew I never would. Now the best I could hope for was that I could reduce the pain that I was going to cause her. I didnt love Katie and it was time that she and I stop pretending that we are something that were not. I just hated the idea of having to tell her.
I sat down in the passenger seat and Katie put the car in drive and headed back towards Vegas. I could tell that she wanted to say something but she kept her mouth shut. We drove in silence the entire way back to the city. The longer we sat in the car the guiltier and ashamed I began to feel. Katie had been my friend my entire life. Recently we had become lovers and she deserved better than what I was giving her.
Her silence was her way of waiting for me to make the first move. She pulled into the valet at the Borgata and got out of the car. I opened my door and followed her like a bad puppy with my tail between my legs. My guilt was pouring off me in waves. When we reached the hotel lobby Katie turned towards me and said in a no nonsense voice
One room or two?
Then she looked at me with eyes the size of tea saucers. I knew this was the moment I had dreaded the entire drive here. One word would change Katie and my entire relationship. It would alter for all time how we behaved with each other. Katie had been my best friend and I wasnt sure I could live without her. I had no idea if I would ever see my beloved again.
It was clear that she didnt want to see me. Was it possible that the woman in the restaurant was Ramona? Could she have survived the wolf attack after all? If she did why did she stay away from me for so long? If it was another woman that was also my beloved why would she run from me? I looked at Katie who was watching my face closely and I had the strong desire to comfort and care for her.
I knew Katie and I knew what we were like together. I knew that she would always care for me. Katie would walk away from her true wolf mate if he showed up after we were married and blood bonded. Even if her wolf cried in pain and anguish Katie would stick by my side. How could I cause her so much pain and leave her for a woman that ran away from me. I swallowed hard took her hands in mine and said the only thing I could
Two
CHAPTER 3
(Ramonas POV)
I managed to lose him but now I would be stuck in the desert during the day with little to no cover. This was going to cause me a lot of pain and discomfort. The sun was strong in the Nevada desert maybe even strong enough to kill me. Probably not but then again one can hope.
I sighed and took another deep breath and looked around for options. I could see nothing for miles but desert in all directions. I could run and possibly find shelter but, I had gotten turned around last night and I wasnt even sure way would bring me closest to civilization.
The sun rose high into sky and I could feel the light burning into my sensitive flesh. I winced and decided I had to run because the only thing standing here was going to accomplish was make me sick. I closed my eyes, spun in a circle like a child playing pin the tail on the donkey then I opened my eyes and ran for all I was worth.
The muscles in my legs pumped up and down forcing my feet to move faster and faster. I felt the wind and tiny fragments of sand slamming into my skin. I knew the sand were like tiny pieces of glass tearing small cuts into my uncovered flesh while I ran. The jolts of pain kept me feeling alive and I ran like Satan himself was on my heels. I started to see the landscape changing ever so slightly and I knew I had chosen an excellent direction. I spotted several dunes and knew that I was close to the Black Rock Hot springs.
I had been to the springs before and knew that there was an abundance of caves that would provide me with shelter. With any luck the springs would have limited visitors so I could feed without interruption and then I could also enjoy a hot bath to soothe my achy, blistered and burning skin. The bath and the feeding would help the healing process.
Somehow I knew my beloved wasnt going to give up finding me that easily. I may have lost him in the desert but had no doubt that now that he knew I was alive he would be actively seeking me out. I would need to get out of the United States and find a new place where he wouldn't come looking for me.
I was also going to have to call Ena and ask for her help. She had a strong emotional attachment to Joel and would want to save him the pain of knowing me. He has no idea the lengths that his family has gone through so that his soul didnt suffer without me. They used magic, blood and at times pure will power to save my beloved from pain and suffering.
When he was an infant I tore him from his sick mothers womb and ran away with him. Hed been premature and ill so I fed him my blood making half of our blooded connection. My soul became immediately attached. My soul recognized our beloved and has been crying and suffering without him ever since. Every day that I deny my soul its beloved my spirit fractures and decays just a tiny bit more.
Someday I will be completely insane and will need to be put down like a rabid animal. Truth be told Leona and Kenyan should never have helped me to recover from the wolf attack. They said they did it out of love but somehow I know it was a punishment. I would take my own life but I find I am incapable. It seems I have a tremendous self-preservation instinct.
No matter the circumstance if my life is threatened my instincts take over. It has been that way for as long as I can remember.
When I was strong enough to finally love on my own again Ena had come to speak with me. She explained how I needed to stay away from Joel and his family. She told me how Sophia and Darien had still not forgiven me for the kidnapping. She told me how it was better if he believed I had died and how Leona would take care of his soul so that he wouldnt suffer.
Then she told me how even the wolves thought I was dead and that I would be safe if I stayed in the shadows. In those early days I was scared and myself preservation skills agreed with Ena. So I stayed in the dark and hid behind dark glasses and scarfs.
Then as my body regained full strength I found my mind becoming sicker. I hated hiding and pretending to be someone I was not. I wanted to take back my life and my beloved. I done my homework and found him. He was in an all wolf high school. He was popular and had lots of friends. I watched him from a distance for months.
I used my powers of mental manipulation to get into other students heads and ask questions and start rumors just to get an understanding of what he knew of me. I threw my old name around to see if he was strong enough to accept who I was and what Id done. I had people pointing out to him that he was a vampire like the wolf slayer and that they could have more in common than he thought. His reaction caused my heart to break even more.
My beloved very clearly considered himself a wolf and had said that as I hybrid he would kill the wolf slayer and be a hero to his people. He told everyone that he was a wolf first and that if not for his father he would be totally ashamed of the vampire blood that ran through his veins. He was hell bent of being with his wolf mate and said that he was relieved that his beloved vampire mate had died while he was still an infant.
Then I was approached by Ena again who somehow knew that Id been poking around. She said that shed had a change of heart and that perhaps we should tell Joel that I was alive. She didnt know what Id just learned so I claimed that I wasnt sure but that if she was convinced that I would want to clear the air with Sophia and Darien first.
I was invited to their home a few weeks later while Joel was out of town with his high school sports team. The conversation did not go well. Darien and Sophia where still very angry and bitter for my past behavior. Neither one of them wanted to even consider forgiving me. My instincts were to ignore their feelings and take what I wanted anyway.
Then Sophia said something that changed everything for me. She shouted and ranted and didnt stop until she drove it all home for me
Ramona you are the most selfish person in the world. When he was still in my womb your selfishness tore him out of my body with no thought to his wellbeing. He was chased by wolves, starved and nearly died because his heart and lungs werent properly developed.
Then you left him alone in the dirt because your enemies finally caught up to you. They tore your body to shreds while my tiny infant son your beloved was only a few miles away. What do you think they would have done to him if they knew he was your beloved?
Your actions nearly got him killed more times while he was in your care then everything that has happened to him since. Now if he finds out you are alive his life will be in danger every single day. Why? Because you killed more wolves in your lifetime than anything else in the world combined.
That includes sickness, car accidents and even wars. For gods sakes Ramona you are the wolf slayer and Joel is first and foremost a wolf. If you love him even a tiny bit and are capable of one singular act of selflessness then please set him free, Give him a chance at life. Dont steal his only chance at happiness by tying his soul to yours.
I left that night understanding that she was one hundred percent right. I knew my soul loved my beloved and that meant I needed to make sure that he never knew that I was alive. I had been doing so well before last night. Why in the hell was he in Vegas? I had just spoken to Ena the day before to make sure that he was still in Colorado finishing his residency. She assured me that he was set to graduate yesterday then was driving home to Florida with his wolf mate.
He should have gone in the opposite direction. I would never have agreed to meet Kenyan in Vegas if had known there was any chance that Joel might be there. Why would his own family risk him finding out about me? I wasnt even sure now that hes seen me if Leonas magic could still keep his soul satisfied. It was amazing the moment Kenyan got involved again everything went to hell in a hand basket. Its been the story of my life if something can go wrong it always does.
CHAPTER 4
(Katies POV)
Two rooms, two rooms. After nearly twenty years of my life he says two rooms. The words kept reverberating over and over through my head. How could Joel not know my wolf is his true mate? My wolf has known it since he was just a toddler what could be keeping his soul from knowing?
I stopped into the room and looked around at the two empty queen sized beds. The room was beautiful but it was the last place on earth that I wanted to be. This was supposed to be our honeymoon. We should be married and blood bonded by now. I just know the moment that we bond Joels wolf would recognize me.
I felt myself choking back my tears. My wolf was whimpering inside me and I felt like my world was coming apart. I had only ever wanted Joel to be happy I just couldn't believe that he might do that without me. How could my wolf know and his have no idea? It was like something had confused his wolf. Every now and then I would feel the little tingles that his wolf recognized mine then it would become dazed again.
I huffed and crossed my arms across my chest. I wanted to be angry and indignant but the only thing I really felt was pain and disappointment almost to the level of anguish. I was starting to think that I was going to live my life alone without my true mate. Make no mistake, Joel might be confused but my wolf and I have no beyond a shadow of a doubt since the day we met. I had never intended to stay in that crappy little town until I recognized my mate. Then I knew I didn't want anything but to spend my life with him. Now, I wasnt sure what I would do. If Joel chose to leave me for his vampire beloved my life became nothing more than a burden.
I laid on the bed and let the tears fall from my eyes. Before today I had been able to hold things together. I hadnt gotten stuck in the past or all the bad things that had happened to me. I had been focused on Joel and our love. Now, I found myself thinking of all the things that brought me to this very moment in time. I didnt want to live without Joel and I honestly shouldnt have to.
I had tried to do everything right. I had worked hard at being a good person for Joel. I wanted to be the best mate and make sure that he was always happy. I slammed my fist on the pillow and growled in frustration. Ramona was a bad person and didnt deserve my happiness. I wasnt going to stand idly by and watch her steal my man. I was going to fight back. I knew in the end I could win. Joel was a wolf at heart and I was his soul mate, I just needed to prove it to him.
(Ramonas POV)
I heard the howls and growls long before I could see them with my eyes. I knew they had somehow come hunting for me. My beloved must have informed them that I was in their territory. By the sounds of the howls I had to assume there were more than thirty full grown wolves chasing me down. I looked out at the sun and knew it would be several more hours before sunset.
I was going to have to run and there was no doubt it was going to cause me a lot of pain. The worst part is I hadnt really even had a chance to rest. I no sooner got into the caves when I heard the first howl. I grabbed a very quick bite and tried to find a way to navigate my way underground to escape them.
They however seem to know every inch of the springs and my only chance for survival is running topside. I took a deep breath, pulled the sleeves on the shirt I was wearing as far down as I could and pulled the baseball cap low over my head. If they wanted to run, I would give them one hell of a run.
I burst from the cave just seconds before the first few wolves closed in on me. They were yipping, howling and growling. They were close and I could tell they were trying to crowd me in and keep me in the center. They thought to use a simple but effective trick when hunting in the wild. The rules were easy push the prey towards the other pack members until it was completed surrounded with no chance for escape.
Their plan however had one major flaw. I was not a dumb animal. I was a woman who had lived more years than their pack members combined. I was one of the oldest living beings on earth and their simple little trick would not work on me.
I choose a direct knowing that I would charge straight into the wolves. I was hoping that I wouldnt have to kill them but I wasn't going to allow them to entrap me. It was them or me. And my survival instincts screamed them.
It only took a few moments before I was smack dab in front of six wolves. Not much of a threat to me. I could easily kill them all without breaking a sweat. My record was eighteen to one. In general I was a far better fighter than the average vampire. Most were comfortable with six to one odds. I was fine with anything less than a dozen.
I tried again to convince them to back off. I said I wouldnt attack them or their pack if they let me go in peace. In response they threw back their heads and howled. They then all attacked simultaneously.
Initially I was trying very hard to incapacitate not kill. But every moment I lingered I could hear more wolves approaching. I took down ten wolves and them there were suddenly ten more. I took down the next ten and realized the first ten were waking back up.
I was getting tired and fighting. I screamed at them to retreat or I would rip the head off the next wolf to attack. They hesitated then two jumped at me at the same time. I grabbed one in each hand and slammed them together with enough force to snap both of their necks. Then in a final attempt to avoid killing even more of them I screamed at the others still waiting to attack
No that this is their own fault. I never wanted to kill any of you. I just wanted to pass through in peace. My days of hunting wolves are over. Then I twisted the necks off of both wolves and stood with their torn off heads in my hands and gave a last warning.
If you continue to attack, I will win then I will find your homes and kill your mates and pups. I will eat the babies brains for breakfast. Now decide continue to fight me and sign a death warrant for your family or leave in peace with the only wolves I will kill today.
I knew I had them with the babies brains comments. They turned and ran without even collecting their dead. Most likely to return to their homes and leave for a new pack with their mates and pups. No way did they believe I wasnt coming to attack their homes tonight. The only difference was they realized they could get home and possibly save their family by getting out of town.
I looked down at my bloody hands and the dead wolves and felt the guilt and sadness flare with me. I didnt want to be the wolf slayer anymore. I hated being the harbinger of death and the boogeyman to the babies. I just wanted to find a little peace and serenity. My skin burned and my blood felt like acid burning me from the inside out. I needed to find shelter and feed. Twice in twenty four hours I was lost in the desert and I was pretty damn tired of it.
I limped into the nearest civilized area I could find and used a phone to call Kenyan. He got me into this damn mess and it was up to him to get me out of it. He answered on the first ring
You son of a Bitch I screamed at him. You set me up. You are an interfering old coot that doesn't know when to keep his nose out of something. No the frogmen local wolves are after me. You better come get me so I dont have to kill them all off.
CHAPTER 5
(Glen Peters POV)
Alpha of the Nevada Wolf pack
I hung up the phone and tried to decide my options. It was unfortunate that the wolf slayer was still alive. It was even more unfortunate that she chosen to come into my packs territory. The council had given me very strict orders. Now I had to decide which consequences I would be able to live with. The wolf council wanted my pack to hunt down the wolf slayer no matter what our losses were.
They felt we should continue to hunt her until all of our resources have been exhausted. I told them my people were more than just a resource they had lives, mates and children. They said they understood my pack would have to make sacrifices and that lives were going to be lost but it would be far less than the damage of the wolf slayer wreaking havoc on the packs in the states. I wasnt worried about every pack in the US. I was worried about my pack, my people and my family.
I swung my arm and slammed into the desk lamp and sent it flying across the room. I heard it crack against the far wall of my office before shattering into a million tiny little sharp pieces. I heard a gentle knocking at my door and expected to hear my mate Tonis voice when I hollered
What I was unprepared for my four year old son Drew. He threw the door of my office open and skipped in with nothing on his feet. I shouted out for him to stop and even tried to stop his forward movement but he managed to get several pieces of the broken glass from the lamp imbedded into his bare feet.
I scooped him and his now bloody feet off the floor and realized one thing with clarity. The wolf slayer had already caused my pack and my family enough damage. I would not participate in anything that could bring additional harm to my pack or more specifically to my family. The council would need to use someone elses pack to hunt down the slayer. I was going to look the other way and pray she left my territory.
(Ramonas POV)
I sat down on the hotel bed and looked around the room. I was still pissed at Kenyan but some air conditioning, a shower and a real bed that I could get a good nights sleep on was moving me towards forgiveness. He was lucky that I knew his intentions were good even if the results were not.
I was glad that Kenyan and his wife Leona were joining me tonight at the Tropicana. In fact Kenyan had paid for this room and had arranged for a donor to come and take care of my needs. He was sorry and said it several times while we were on the phone. He just felt that my beloved and I needed to end our self-imposed separation.
Kenyan believed that as a beloved couple we could overcome all obstacles in our way. Ever since he and Leona had fallen in love Kenyan got it in his head that he was cupid and was constantly interfering in everyones lives. This time however he seemed to forget that I could die during his match making games.
In his haste to have us accidently bump into each other he forgot that my beloved is a wolf and that wolves are deadly to us. Someone either my beloved or his little shewolf friend called the dogs on me. Chances are it was my beloved. He had made it clear that he hated me and what I stood for. I had barely gotten away with my life and I blamed Kenyan. In the least I was going to blame him until I felt better.
Sometime it just galls me that Kenyan likes to act like we vampires are indestructible. Thats not exactly correct. I understand a few of the children born to the original hybrid and her mate were somewhat invisible but the rest of us vampires still have four major weaknesses. I am very aware of each and every one of them and in fact almost died of all of them.
The easiest way for an enemy to kill me would be to simply sever my head from my shoulders. Now that might sound easier than it actual is. The truth is I am very strong and I have mastered the art of fighting over several centuries.
If you want to remove my head from my shoulders you had better take me by surprise and get it right the first time because no other creature alive is stronger than a vampire and very few vampires are my equal in battle.
The second way to kill me is to remove my heart from my chest and completely destroying it. This recently happened to me and thankfully the wolves missed a tiny little piece and I was able to completely regenerate my heart with the help of Leona and Kenyan.
Thankfully, like most people they misunderstand and thought simply tearing me into bits would get the job done. Perhaps next time a pack of wolves try to kill me they will make sure to eat every single tiny bit of my heart, because if like before they leave anything behind I can be regenerated and I can completely recover.
The third way I can die is direct sunlight. While I can tolerate a little sunlight, prolonged exposure causes me severe burns, and eventually death. Generally by prolonged I would mean days of exposure not hours. That however can change based on the kind of sunlight.
Like earlier today when I was stuck in the desert. The sand amplified the effects of the sunlight and increased the damage. Ultimately I would have only needed a day at most for my blood to oxidize and severe damage to occur.
The final way, and most deadly way to kill me would be for me to drink my beloveds blood. See the truth is we vampires keep it a secret but the consumption of wolf blood is deadly. In order for me to become immune to my beloveds blood would require me to undergo a very painful and long process of developing immunity.
Given that my mate hates me and the things Ive done in the past I really dont see that I would ever go through the immunity process. I live in enough pain every day that I walk the earth knowing that my beloved could be but has chosen not to be with me.
I turned on the bed and meant to punch the pillow just to let off a little steam. No harm no foul type of thing but of course instead of just taking my punch I managed to completely annihilate the feather pillow. It burst on impact and hundreds of little feathers scurried from the pillowcase and flew around my room. All I could think was it so figures! Its typical and the story of my life, if it can happen it will.
CHAPTER 6
(Katies POV)
I had barely slept last night thinking about Joel choosing her over me. I didnt really understand how he didnt know we were mates in the first place but the idea that he would actually considering being with the vampire who was known as the wolf slayer totally baffled me.
My eyes and face burned from the amount of tears that I had let slide from them. My nose was clogged and probably looked bright red. I sat up on the pillow and felt my body quiver. I was so on edge and was ready to start crying all over again. This was supposed to be the happiest day of my life. I should have woken up this morning as Mrs. Joel Capona. I should have spent the night in a warm bed making love to my true mate not crying alone in a cold bed with nothing to comfort me but a stupid lumpy pillow.
I was so upset last night I had called everyone I could think of and cried in their ears. I called all my friends college and nursing school. Then, I even called his mother Sophia. Sophia like me was disappointed and was a little in shock that he behaved that way yesterday. She swore she wasnt going to allow Joel to throw his life away on his no good selfish two faced beloved.
She said she was getting on a flight and coming here with the intention of putting the Kibosh on this whole thing before it got out of hand. She cursed more times in our twenty minute call then Id heard her say in the past sixteen years. The bottom line was she was appalled that the woman had the gall to be in the United States of America none the less the same State as our Joel.
His mother and I talked the entire time that she made arrangements to come to Vegas. Every now and then I would hear her say something to her husband but I really didnt hear his reply. Her tone and attitude helped me to feel a lot better but Im still really upset that he didnt want to be with me last night. She told me how Ramona aka the wolf slayer was evil and selfish. She told me how she had kidnapped Joel as a baby and nearly got him killed. Then she told me how Ramona swore to never contact Joel. She said that she and Darien would make sure that everything was okay.
I hoped she was right because I knew that my wolf and I couldnt live without our mate. I needed him like a fish needed water. I would wither and die without him in my life. Somehow I needed to make him blood with me so that he could finally recognize our connection. I just know if he could feel the connection like I do that he would never accept his beloved. He would choose me and the future we could have together or a nasty vampire that like to kill women and children.
He and I were perfect for each other. I was the yin to his yang. I could give him pups and the big loving family he always wanted. She could do nothing but get him killed. She brought nothing to the table and did nothing to earn his love or respect. I had changed my entire life to suit his. I had done everything I could possibly do to earn his love and respect.
Heck, I had even changed my education major so that I would be more compatible with his choices. I had studied my entire life to be a lawyer and gave it all up the moment I saw his little baby cheeks. Then, since he wanted to be a doctor I went back to school for nursing. I had done everything so that I would be the perfect mate for him with just one look at his beloved he was ready to throw it all away.
I growled deep in my throat and allowed the tears to roll unchecked down my cheeks. I felt my world unraveling and just didnt know what to do. Maybe his mother was right; maybe she could help him see reason. Maybe everything would be okay and Joel would remember that he loved me. In the least is was high time that I pressed the issue and tried to make him see the truth.
My wolf and I have known since the moments we laid eyes on him we just assumed since he was a hybrid he was unable to realize we were mates until we blood bonded. I was sure if he marked me and bonded with me his mate would figure out that we were true mates. I was going to have to try to talk it out with him.
Joel was smart and always believed he was more wolf than vampire. He would want to be with me if he believed we were true mates. He would never choose a vampire over a wolf. I had to wonder if he even knew who his beloved was. I would bet the entire farm that he had no idea his beloved was the infamous wolf slayer. Heck, he would probably reject her just based on who she is and whats shes done in the past.
Besides, Joel trusted me and would want to be with me. Then once we mated and blooded his would see that I really was his true mate. I just needed to reason with him and he would come around to my way of thinking. Then again, if he didnt see things my way with some encouragement I knew that I was prepared to do whatever it took, even if it meant that I had to find a way to eliminate the slayer and make Joel mine again.
(Ramonas POV)
Dinner with Kenyan and Leona had been unpleasant and useless. It however seemed to go on for hour after endless hour. Neither Kenyan nor I ate real food and watching Leona shove bites of cooked for into her mouth over and over again did nothing but make me feel ill. By the time she finished shoving huge amounts of cooked meat into her mouth I was ready to snap.
I could tell my cold energy was driving both Kenyan mad and Leona was becoming flustered and excited in not such a good way. For a moment I found it interesting that I was affecting her wolf more than her vampire side. I couldnt help but wonder if my beloved would appreciate my cold energy or would hate it. I was different than many vampires, for some reason when I was turned I developed this cold energy that came off me in waves. It tends to target other vampire and makes it somewhat painful to be in a room with me. I hated who I was and how I had become me. I found myself thinking back to the early days when I had first been turned.
I had been a happy human with a wonderful human family when a group of wolves had attacked and killed everyone. I was almost dead when my vampire parents found me and chose to convert me as their own. Then only a few days after I was reborn as a vampire they rejected me and said that I had this cold energy about me that must have come from the wolves blood that had mingled with my human blood prior to being turned. They said I was an abomination and that I needed to die. So they took me to the wolf pack territory and left me on my own to survive.
As they had expected, it didnt take long for the wolves to find and attack me. If they had just attacked and killed me I might have never grown my hatred for them. What they did was far worse. They played with me like a cat plays with a mouse. They chased me off and on for weeks. Each time they found me they would torture, rape and injure me then leave me to heal. On and on this went without end an in sight. I was only twelve years old in human years and didnt understand why they did this to me day after day week after week. These were grown wolves, they knew I was helpless and just a young child and didnt care.
I remember when Kenyan had realized that my cold energy is like an aphrodisiac to the wolves. When it is mixed with fear and pain it changes to an extremely unique scent that excites and pleases the wolves similar to what catnip does to cats. Kenyan looked over at Leona again and realized she was enjoying my energy more than he was comfortable with. Then he looked at my face and decided that soon, very soon I would be taking a severe nose dive into crazy.
In an effort to avoid an even more uncomfortable situation Kenyan cleared his throat and suggested that he and I take a walk alone. I agreed and we headed outside to walk the Vegas strip. Initially we walked in silence while I pulled my tattered and crazy mind together. I was having a hard time focusing of late and was beginning to believe that my time on earth was just about over. When I felt in control I finally turned and looked at Kenyan and said
I know that you think you were helping. I know you can tell that I am unraveling quickly and will probably lose myself sooner rather than later. Kenyan in some ways you are like a father to me. But you must understand its too late even for my beloved to pull me back from the banks of insanity. Ive gone to long with my soul screaming for his only to go unanswered, You know as well as I do that the only end for me is a final ending. There can be no happily ever after.
I watched as Kenyan searched my face wanting to believe my words wore a lie. Then I saw the resignation and truth of my words reflected back at me. I could tell that he started to realize that I was right, that I had been left to suffer without my beloved for too long and that now there was no turning back. Someone preferably Kenyan or Ena was going to have to put me out of my misery and save the world from what would happen once I completely snapped.
I had come to this meeting tonight with one goal in mind. It hadnt been to punish or shake my finger at Kenyans bad attempts at being cupid. It had been to convince him that I was becoming dangerous to myself and to the human and wolf population of the world. My mind was coming apart and it was precariously white knuckle hanging on to the last bit of sanity. It was no longer an IF I went off the deep end scenario it was a WHEN. With that in mind I said to Kenyan
Kenyan, if you have every loved me as a child or a friend, you need to be the one to send me to the next plane. My survival instincts will never allow me to do this on my own. Please Kenyan consider what will happen if you allow me to walk away tonight. Think of your loved ones and the threat I will pose to them WHEN I go off the deep end.
I watched his sharp mind process my words and knew that while it caused him severe pain to admit the truth he knew that I was right. He knew that my soul was damaged beyond repair and that the kind and humane thing to do was to help me to move out of this life and into the next. I saw his head droop down and his eyes filled with moisture as he said
I love you Ramona. I havent said it too many times to your face but you are not like a child to me, you are my child. I will do this for you because I hate to see the pain your soul is in. I only wish I had done something before it was too late. 
He reached into his pocket and pulled out a map and a red pen. He placed the map on the top of a taxi and used the red pen to circled in a location on the map. He folded the map back up and placed the pen back in his pocket before turning to me and saying

I will do it because I love you. I am going to have to borrow a Samurai sword from a friend who lives in Los Angeles. I can run their and back before in no time at all. Meet me at that location at exactly sunrise and I will give you a painless way into your next lifetime.
Then to my surprise Kenyan pulled me in closely for a warm embrace.
CHAPTER 7
(Joel's POV)
I was still tossing and turning around in bed when I heard someone pounding on my door. I pulled it open prepared to see a very angry Katie and was shocked when instead my mom and dad stood on the other side.
Based on the sour look on my moms face I had to assume that she had already talked to Katie and didn't agree with my choice. I looked over at my dad and could tell that he was being very careful to keep his feelings to himself, which was not an easy task for a beloved couple.
I pulled the door completely open and motioned for my mom and dad to come in then I said in a my best formal voice
"Mother, father do come in"
Then dramatically swooped my hand behind them as they stepped over door threshold. Mom stepped in first, and immediately went to sit in the arm chair in the seating area of the suite. Dad followed but instead of sitting he stood behind mom.
I could tell that my mom was holding her tongue and was just waiting until she had my full attention before starting her rant at me. I followed behind my dad and took the seat opposite of my mom. The minute we were all settled in mom clucked her tongue then got down to business
"JJ, you absolutely cannot even consider spending a single moment of your precious life with that selfish evil woman. Your father and I discussed this at length and we forbid you from seeing her."
I heard my moms words but was confused by her meaning. How did she know who my beloved was? Why in gods name would she want me to stay away from her? My face scrunched in confusion and I asked her
"What are you talking about? How did you hear about my beloved and why would you try to keep me away from her? She may be my only chance at love."
I watched as my mother looked over her shoulder at my dad then who looked perplexed then she said
"JJ, your beloved is Ramona the wolf slayer. It has always been her and always will be. She is the woman that ripped you from my womb and kidnapped you. She nearly got you killed in the process. She's clinically insane and Kenyan and Leona should have never helped her survive the wolf attack."
My moms words only served to confuse me more. She knew both of them knew that my beloved had survived but they allowed me to grow up thinking that I had lost my chance at true happiness and love. They called her selfish but what of their behavior.
I was angry and I couldn't stop the growl from erupting from my chest. I looked into my mothers eyes and I said more forcefully than I intended to
"Mother, you have no right to choose my life's path. How dare you condemn me to a life of meaningless motions? Before I saw my beloved yesterday I felt like the world had a film over it that I was forced to see everything through.
I don't care who she was or what she did. She is my beloved and I deserve the chance to decide on my own to accept or reject her. I hate that you tried to take the decision away from me.
Go home! Both of you and take Katie with you. I have to figure this out on my own and I sure as hell won't put up with any of you interfering."
I stood up and quickly moved to hotel door. I looked back and dad was clearly trying to help my mom to her feet. It looked like she wanted to say something but dad was cautioning her against it.
They walked in silence towards the door. Mom stepped out first he asked mom to go over to Katie's room and told her he would be there in a few minutes. Then moment mom was out of sight dad dropped his defenses and said
"I've known your beloved Ramona my entire life. She never wanted to be evil. Things just got away from her. She suffered terribly at the hands of wolves and never really managed to heal. Don't judge her or your mother too harshly.
They both have their reasons for not liking each other. For what it's worth, you have my blessing and approval with whatever you choose. I would never have wanted to live without your mother. I can't imagine the choice you have in front of you.
I love you JJ and so does your mother. We'll be here for you when you need us. Promise you will call us despite your moms hasty words"
He paused long enough for me to nod my head before continuing.
"Find you GG Pop Kenyan. He will know how to put you in contact with your beloved Ramona. Don't waste much more time before you do. Your mother was right about one thing. Ramona is nuts and always has been but soon it will go well beyond that.
When a vampire soul calls for its beloved and doesn't get a response it believes it is being rejected. Rejection after a while takes its toll on a vampires soul and can drive us completely and irreparably insane.
Trust me when I say that Ramona's soul has waited far too long for yours. Chances are she is in significant mental and physical pain. Not to mention that now that knows you are aware of her existence and have still not touched her soul she will go rapidly downhill."
Then my dad leaned in hugged me and placed a kiss on my forehead before he turned and went down the hallway towards Katie's room. I watched as he knocked. I closed my door and grabbed my cell to call Kenyan.
Kenyan answered on the first ring. I didn't want to waste time on pleasantries so I said
"GG Pop, I just spoke with dad and he said you know where she is. You need to tell me Please GG Pop. You know Ramona is my beloved and I know you Gran Leona saved her."
I waited for my great grandfather to answer me but he remained silent. I could feel my temper rising and I was becoming desperate to hear his response. Just as I was about to scream into the phone he said
"Easy JJ. I was never going to keep her from you. Open the desk drawer next to the bed. Do you see the folded map?"
I pulled open the door and saw a piece of paper folded in fours. I opened the paper and saw it was a map of the desert. I looked at the map and saw both a red and green circle so I said
"I have it GG Pop. What do you want me to do with it?"
He cleared his throat and said
"Be at the red circle at least an hour before sunrise. Ramona will show up before sunrise. Grab her and do whatever is necessary to get her to the green circle. Then just keep her there until sunset. Leona and I will join you tomorrow night"
Then before I could even ask a single question he hung up. I tried to call him back several times but just go his voice mail. I looked at the clock and realized I had less than four hours till sunrise so I decided to shower, shave and pack a bag of necessities.
When I was finished I stepped out of the hotel room and quickly fed before taking off into the desert.
(Glen Peters POV)
Alpha of the Nevada Wolf pack
I had the phone pressed tightly up against my ear hoping to hear my sons voice. My mate was sitting in my lap but was sleeping since she had cried herself into a fitful sleep.
When the phone had first rung I had expected it to be one of my pack mates saying they had found my son. I had felt my heart drop into my stomach when the voice on the phone said they had my son and that if I ever wanted to see him alive I would need to kill the wolf slayer.
I had tried to reason with the female on the phone and explain that my pack was a small peaceful pack and that we were incapable of fighting the wolf slayer. The kidnapper said she didn't care then she did something that made my son cry out in pain.
My body instinctively grew hard and angry. I felt my wolf push forward and try to take control. My mate awoke in my lap just in time to hear me growl out
"You son of a Bitch! I'll do it! I promise! I will grab every able bodied wolf in my pack and we will do our best to make sure the slayer dies. Just promise me you will give me back my son"
I could hear my own heart beating loudly and my mate was whimpering and looking at me with confusion written all over her face. Finally the female spoke clearly happy that I had agreed
"Wonderful Glen that was an excellent decision on your part. I have just texted you a location. She will be there just before sunrise. There may be a male hybrid with her ignore him if possible.
I am pretty sure you can't kill him but don't push the issue and try too hard. Just make sure no matter what it takes or how many wolves die for the cause that before you leave tomorrow the wolf slayer dies first.
Oh and bring several very sharp swords so that you can cut off her head and put it in a box. When you are done I will give you instructions on where to send it and then I will give you back your son.
And Glen, I don't like your little brat so I suggest you don't try any tricks. Just be sure to kill the slayer. If she is still somehow alive tomorrow I will take great pleasure in killing your son."
CHAPTER 8
(Ramonas POV)
I know that it was my idea to ask Kenyan to do this for me but now I found myself second guessing that decision. I was a superior creature and needed to overcome these issues not wilt and give up like a weakling. I had never in my life taken the easy way out and I realized I wasn't going to now either.
If there was magic that kept Joel's soul from aching there had to be magic that would keep my pain at bay as well. I made a bunch of calls and had several excellent leads. I debated on whether or not to let Kenyan know about my change of heart but decided he would figure it out when I didn't show up.
I made my final arrangements on the internet and smiled to myself at my cleverness. Then, I pulled my few paltry belongings together and went down to the lobby of the hotel and quietly checked out. I had the bell hop call a taxi that could take me to the airport. I was headed to New Orleans to see a very good voodoo priestess. With any luck by this time tomorrow I would have a new life.
The voodoo priestess claimed she could completely cleanse my mind and my soul. She said it would feel like I was reincarnated into the same body. I would recall living the many years of my life but would no longer have an emotional attachment to them.
I could start over and build new feelings and new relationships. I wouldn't be tied into the ones that were unhealthy for me. I could learn to be anything or anyone I wanted to. It would take the majority of the money I had saved over my many years of life but it was worth it.
Money meant nothing if I didn't have my intellect. I watched the cab pull into the circle and waited for the bell hop to put my bag in the trunk and open the door for me to slide in. The driver looked back and asked where I was headed. I smiled brightly showing off my pearly teeth and my elongated fangs and said as sweetly as possible
"New Orleans via the Las Vegas airport. No rush my flight isn't until later today so take the scenic route. Thank you"
That wasn't exactly the truth but close enough for him. I needed a feed before boarding the plane and he was as good as any. I waited until we were in no mans land before I slipped into his mind and requested he pull over. I fed until I was completely sated then had him drop me at the airport.
As I walked towards my gate I couldn't help but silently pray to a god I hadn't believed in for very long time that this would work. I needed a second chance at life. I needed to believe that even my soul had some redeeming qualities.
(Joel's POV)
I looked at my watch yet again and looked towards the horizon. I was completely on edge. I was pacing back and forth like kid on Christmas Eve. I felt like my skin was too tight and my stomach had jumping beans in it. I had arrived far too early and was having a hard time waiting for my beloved to arrive.
It was more than a case of nerves. I wasn't sure why she ran from me the first time, and I guess I was worried she'd try to do it again. She had to know just like I did that we were meant for each other. Hell she had wanted me so badly that she'd commit atrocities to have me when I was just a babe.
It made absolutely no sense for her to be avoiding me now. I considered two possibilities. One, she thought that I was going to reject her and or hurt her because of what she did to my mom when I was baby. Or two she was threatened by members of my family and was afraid to come near me.
Given that my beloved was the infamous wolf slayer I had a hard time believing anyone or anything could frighten my beloved. No my money was on rejection. That made me smile since I could clear that issue up with just a few words.
I looked up and could tell more time had gone by then I realized. I was betting the sun would come over the mountains in the next few minutes. I looked down at my watch and confirmed what my eyes had surmised. Then, I turned myself in a slow circle one more time in the hopes of seeing my beloved. She was not here and was still nowhere in sight.
I felt a sinking sensation as I started to believe that she wasn't coming. For some reason she either knew I was here and didn't want to see me or something else prevented her from coming. I took a deep breath and tried to steady my frantic nerves.
I had to decide to stay and get trapped in the sun or leave now and most likely make it back to the hotel with minimal sun damage. Returning to the hotel was my best bet. I could get a hold of my GG Pop and try to find her another way.
I was just about to start running back towards Vegas when I saw the sand cloud stir. My heart stopped for just a second as I waited to see if my beloved was coming. I blinked several times to clear the sand that had stung my eyes and was more than disappointed when I realized it was not my beloved approaching.
In fact the lone figure approaching me from the north was clearly a large male. I took a deep sniff and identified him as wolf. Before I could wonder much more several more males appeared behind him.
He was moving fast and it appeared directly towards me. I heard a noise and slowly turned and noticed several more people approaching me from multiple directions. I mumbled several four letter words to myself then prepared for what I was sure was going to be a fight.
I wasn't sure why my beloved wasn't here, but I would bet these wolves expected her to be here. They looked like they were itching for a fight and more than likely they expected to find the wolf slayer not me.
Up until that point in time I had been disappointed that Ramona had chosen not to show. Now, however I was glad that it was just me here to face the wolves. I was definitely grateful that my GG Pop had sent me here.
My wolf starting rambling questions at me like: What if Ramona had been here without us? How did GG Pop know she was going to be here? How did the wolves know she was going to be here? Why are they after her anyway?
I agreed with my wolf but had no answers. I glanced at the wolf pack that was quickly surrounding me. At least I could look on the bright side; chances are I will survive this battle. Heck, I might even be invincible like other members of my extended family that are hybrids. Even if I not though, I am strong and I am so much more than just a wolf.
I squinted up at the sky and again I sighed. I felt bad since I was a healer not a killer but there would be at least three bad things coming out of this.
One, I would have to kill wolves that I had no real problem with and two when this fight was over there was no doubt I was going to be sun sick. And finally number three, I was going to have to call my mom and dad and ask them to come out here and get me.

"Relax; we don't want to hurt you. We came for the wolf slayer. We were told not to harm you. Can you tell us where she is?"
I had to assume the one that was yelling questions at me was the alpha. I looked him over trying to decide if I could talk this out with him or if it was still likely to become a fight.
I found it odd that he knew I would be here. So much about this whole situation just didn't add up. I needed answers and it seemed that I would get more if I appeared to be an ally. I smiled and held my hands in front of me as a sign of peace. I took a deep breath and calmly said
"I don't want to hurt any of you either. The slayer isn't here. I was expecting her too but the sun is rising and there's no chance she's coming now. Maybe we can go somewhere and figure out where she might be together."
The alpha stomped his foot and a look of pure terror and panic crossed his face. I hadn't been expecting that reaction. Why would her not being here terrify him? It made no sense. He turned and looked behind him at something then turned back to me and said
"I have to find her and kill her. Someone kidnapped my son. He's only four. Oh god they said they would kill him if I didn't kill the wolf slayer. Please, I can tell you are a wolf too help me and my boy. Please"
His words touched something deep inside of me. I wanted to help him and his boy. I would do anything but let him kill my beloved. There was no chance I was ever going to let the alpha near her. There had to be another way to save his boy.
Then I started to wonder how they knew Ramona was supposed to be here. Who had my GG Pop told? What would have happened if she had arrived? Where was my beloved?
Things just didn't add up. I had a big family and lots of resources. Between the alpha and me there had to be a way to save his boy and keep my beloved out of the equation. I looked back at the alpha and could almost feel his fear, pain and sorrow for his child. I said in my calmest bed side voice
"I have no idea where she is, but I will do anything I can to help you find your son and make the kidnapper pay. The sun has risen and I don't tolerate the light well. Can we head to your camp and figure this out together?
The alpha nodded and motioned towards the east. They shifted into their wolves and started running across the sand. The sun rose and I too decided to shift. My wolf didn't run as fast as I could in my human form but the fur would help to protect me in the early morning light.
The alpha raised his head to the sky and howled his fear and grief. His pack and I howled back. Then we ran in unison towards his pack grounds.
CHAPTER 9
(Ramona's POV)
The heat was almost oppressive in New Orleans. Not the dry heat from the desert this was moist wet heat that clung to your skin and soaked through to your clothes.
I stepped out of the taxi and looked around. This was a part of town that even m kind became jittery and uncomfortable in. The streets were dirty and the houses were falling down. Shoe less hungry looking children played on the sides of the streets.
People adverted their eyes and tried not to notice anyone or anything. I looked down at the piece of paper in my hands and again read the name and address. Valesca's Art Studio. 342 Monroe Ave, West Quarter.
I looked side to side and saw the numbers 342 written in a deep red on the door. I sniffed and knew that blood not paint had been used to write the numbers. I had known many powerful voodoo priestesses in my time on earth. It was said that none were as powerful as Valesca.
I knocked and the door creaked open. I heard a female voice say
"Come in quickly Ramona. The moon is high and the time for the spell is now. Close the door and take a seat at the table"
I closed the door and immediately realized the room was very dark. I moved carefully through the room and sat down in the first chair I came across. Even with my excellent vampire vision it was difficult to make out the details in the room.
I saw the shape of a petite female move towards the table and sit down across from me. She made an odd noise in the back of her throat then said
"Did you bring the money?"
I lifted the black canvas bag I brought in with me and said
"It's all in here." Then I placed the bag on the table and slid it towards Valesca
I watched her open the bag and I heard her chair scrape along the floor as she moved her chair closer to the table. She peered inside and seemed to move the money around a little. I could hear her heat beating strong and steadily. Then I felt her hands reach across the table and pull mine in to hers. Then she said in a raspy voice
"Excellent, now we can begin. Close your eyes. Keep them closed the entire time. No matter what you hear or think you smell or feel. Whoever you were before tonight you will not be anymore. Tonight the old you dies and the new you is born. You will save the memories but they will no longer hold your heart. Even soul will be reborn."
She released my hands and reached out for a box of wooden matches. I watched her pull one of the wooden matches from the box. She closed the box and struck the match against the side. Despite her warning of keeping my eyes closed I found myself peaking.
I watched the flame light up and illuminate her face. With the light from the match I finally caught a glimpse of the Valesca the voodoo priestess face. It was chocolate brown and was horrifically scared. It appeared that some kind of animal had tried to feed from the flesh on her face.
I squeezed my eyes tightly closed and tried to put it from my mind. It mattered not to me what the priestess looked like. My only concern is that she honored the bargain we had struck. She must have lit several candles since I could smell wax burning and I could feel the light behind my eye lids.
The priestess stood up from the table and started to move around the room. She was chanting in a language that I thought had died many thousands of years ago. I had an eerie sense of dejevu when I realized the language was that of the Mayans.
I felt a blast of cold air slap my face. A chill moved down my spine and caused me to shiver in what I would almost all fear. Then I heard a small babe cry and had to wonder why a child was so near to us. The crying stopped and I smelled fresh blood. My heart sank at the knowledge that she had harmed a child. I wanted to stop her but my head was swimming and I started to think I imagined everything.
Her words were bouncing around inside of my mind. They didn't make sense at first. It was a mismatch of words. Things that were impossible. They spoke of times that had long since passed. Then just when I felt like I would pass out her words started to make sense. It was at that moment that I knew Valesca was no voodoo priestess she was one of the Fae.
How a Fae had managed to survive was beyond me. I had thought all fairies and Elves had died at the turn of the last century. It had been thousands of years since anyone had seen a living breathing Fae. Why this one was living in New Orleans pretending to be a human voodoo priestess was beyond me. How she had managed to stay alive for so many years was a mystery in itself.
I tried to open my eyes but my lids felt like they had been glued shut. I tied to move my body but it felt like I was encased in stone. I could hear and smell but nothing else. I heard the Fae laugh briefly then she said
"It is done. You will feel no more since you are encased in stone. I have stolen you face and will very happily live the life you wanted so badly to get out of. Our bargain has been fulfilled. You are now a statue free of pain and suffering. Best wishes for the next several thousand years"
I heard her laughing in my voice. She even smelled like me as I heard her move towards the door of the house. I heard the door slam shut behind her and then the room was filled with silence.
Valesca had trapped me and stole my flesh and blood. I was trapped, sealed in stone and unable to move. I felt my soul scream in agony at the realization that we could be kept here for all eternity. Never again feeling our beloved.
(Joel's POV)
I felt defeated and disappointed as I checked out of my hotel room in Vegas. Nothing had gone the way I'd hoped. The funeral for Alpha Glens son was later this afternoon. Katie and I were attending then heading back to Florida with my mom and dad.
It was clear the Ramona was no longer anywhere near here and I just wanted to go home and regroup. Katie has taken all of this really well. I always knew she was an amazing and wonderful woman. His behavior over the past few days has proven that even more.

She sat next to me as we climbed into the taxi and headed out to the pack territory for the funeral. I saw tears shimmer in her eyes. I pulled her close and kissed her forehead and said
"Easy Katie baby, I know you have a soft spot for children. We did everything we could to save the little guy. Let's say goodbye and go home. I want to forget about everything that happened here"
She nodded and looked up at me. Before I realized what she was doing I felt her lips press against mine. Her warmth reminded me of home, security and fresh baked cookies. I couldn't stop myself from wanting to kiss her back. My heart and soul has been aching for days and the moment I felt Katie's lips on mine I felt just a tiny bit better.
I knew however it was cruel to allow myself or Katie to move forward with this. I knew Katie had a true mate out there and as long as I allowed her to have feelings for me she wasn't going to look for him. I gently pulled her away from me and said
"I love you Katie, you will always be my first love. But I have a beloved and somewhere out there you have a true mate. Even though my beloved rejected me, I owe you to you to find your true mate"
Saying the words out loud brought the pain slamming back into me. I reached into my pocket and again felt the paper that my beloved had written her words on. I didn't need to read the words again. I had already memorized them.
My dear beloved Joel,
I had dreamt of meeting and loving you for thousands of years before you were even born. Your life was started with pain because of me and my selfish behavior.
I had spent so many years making the entire wolf species pay for the mistake of a few wolves that had died several thousand years ago. I had been shocked when I realized you were my beloved and you were a wolf.
Something in me had snapped and I was unable to think clearly. I tore you from your mothers womb and fed you my blood. My side of the bond had been created. Eventually like they always do my sins caught up to me and the wolves tried to tear me limb from limb.
I should have died but Leona and Kenyan nursed a tiny piece of my heart until they were able to resuscitate my body. My first conscious thought was of you. I wasn't able to move for several years and yet every moment I spent thinking of you.
When I was finally able to move about I went in search of you. I found you in high school. I listened to your friends and learned you hated me and what I had done. My soul cried at the thought of not having you. My soul was driving me crazy. Be so close to you and being unable to bond was making me insane.
I had just about decided to take you by force if necessary when you mother broke through and helped me to see my own selfishness. She pointed out that I would never be free to love you. That my sins would follow me for all the days of my life. That in the end I would be the reason you died.
I walked away knowing that the pain I suffered kept you alive and well. That means more to me than any anguish that my soul can force on. When I saw you in the restaurant the other day all I could of was how much of an amazing man you had grown up to be. I am so proud to be your beloved. Even though we will never have the opportunity to blood bond please know I love you more than I have ever loved anything in my life.
It is because of that love that I have gone to New Orleans and am having my soul removed. I have always been too much of a coward to end this existence. I have enlisted the help of a very powerful voodoo priestess. She is going to separate my body from my soul.
You will know if she is successful because for just a moment you will feel my soul touch yours and say goodbye. Kenyan told me that you'd gone to Vegas to marry your sweetheart. Marry her and have lots of pups and be happy. Do this for me so that my soul can find the peace in the next life that I was unable to have in this one.
Forever yours Ramona
CHAPTER 10
(Joels POV)
Days had turned into weeks that turned into months and my beloveds soul never reached out to say goodbye. I was depressed and mourning the loss of my beloved. If not for Katie constantly reminding me to eat and care for myself I would have begun to waste away. I cant sleep, I cant eat, and I certainly cant work since I am barely functioning. I know that I need to heal and move on but my soul just isnt ready yet.
I looked over at my night stand and glanced at her letter again. She lied in that letter. She told me she loved me but she lied. If she had truly loved me she would never have separated her soul from her body. She would have fought for me and our love. I squeezed my eyes shut and felt a tear slip down my cheek. I found myself reliving those awful day yet again.
I was sitting in my bedroom at my mothers house. I had Ramonas letter in my hand and was rubbing my thumb over the paper trying to think of what I should do next. Intellectually, I understood her concerns but the emotional side of me just wanted my beloved, I didnt care if what it took or who was after her. Hell I was perfectly fine with living our lives on the run as long as I had a chance to be with her.
Thats when I felt it. Something inside of me shifted and I was on full alert. I felt my beloveds soul call out to me across a great distance. Id hesitated to long and the choice was being taken away from me. My own soul screamed in terror. We were losing our beloved and didnt have a clue on how to try to stop it.
I felt her soul brush up against mine and though Ramona had said it she and her soul would want to tell me goodbye instead I felt as if she was begging me to help it. She looked at me with sad, pained eyes and before we could even touch or speak she disappeared. I felt my soul shattered. Theres no way to explain the pain the exploded through me. It was as if my entire world had seized to exist. For a few moments I was completely unable to breath. I felt like my heart had seized and my world went black.
When I woke up, Katie was administering CPR. She said that I actually had a massive heart attack. If I had been a pure wolf I would have died. Even as a vampire my body was struggling to repair itself. Honestly I am still having heart trouble. In fact, when I think of Ramona I can feel my blood pressure shoot through the roof, chances are I am going to have lots more heart attacks and eventually I know I can and will die of a broken heart.
A few weeks after Ramonas soul moved from this plain to the next I received a phone call from Glen the Las Vegas alpha. He told me that they had leads on Ramona and had her trapped in the mountains in Colorado. He asked if I had wanted to join the hunting party that was hell bent on sending the wolf slayer to hell. I had never told him the truth about Ramona and I and I quickly agreed to join him.
For some stupid reason, I thought that it would be better if I saw Ramonas soulless body. I think part of me actually believed that I could bring her back and still have her as my beloved. I learned quickly that it took more than her body for my soul to feel peace.
I arrived in Colorado in the middle of the afternoon. It was drizzling and I had a hard time finding a cab and eventually decided to rent a car. I used the GPS to take me to the nearest pack house. Glen and his beta met me at the car. They were quick to introduce me to the alpha whose territory was now in. Jerome and his beta were pleased to have me join the hunt for the wolf slayer.
It was clear they understood since I was a hybrid I was both stronger and faster than all of them. They even pointed out that with me at their side there odds of success were so much higher. I smiled and faked like I was going along with the program. Then I said
Why not let me scout for her on my own. Lets not risk anyone needlessly. Point me in the direction and I will do my best to make sure that by nightfall you never need to worry about the wolf slayer again
They agreed immediately and pack supplies and pointed me in the direction they had last scene Ramona. It took me less than an hour to find her. Now, I wish I had never gone. It was, yet it wasnt Ramona my beloved. It was her body, her hair, her face, even her smell. But the one thing I wanted the most was gone. I felt my soul flare to life as it reached out to find its mate. Then like a candle in the wind it blinked out of existence.
My beloved was gone. The women that stood in front of me was nothing more than a truly soulless evil being. She spat at me and growled when I approached her. I tried to tell her that I wouldnt harm her but she attacked before I could get the words out. I kept her from injuring me and I tried to tell her who I was. I begged her to help me find her soul and get it back.
She laughed and told me I was fool. She said in a cruel voice meant to hurt me
You are an idiot! I am happier than Ive ever been in my life. Getting rid of my soul was the best thing Ive ever done. Now, I have no pain, no sadness and no conscience. Why in gods name would I ever want my soul back? That thing caused me nothing but pain and worse it actually desired a wolf. A foul vial disgusting wolf. I would rather cut my own heart out and feed it to pigeons before I allowed myself to ever consider being with a wolf.
Go home little boy and make nice with your wolf mate. Forget me and stay out of my way or next time we occupy the same space I will take the liberty of removing your head from your shoulders. Do I make myself clear?
Her words had slammed into me like a freight train. I felt the air evaporate from my lungs and I felt my soul shrivel in pain. I knew my beloved had moved on and it was time for me to try as well. I flew home to Florida without even telling Glen goodbye. I didnt want to know if their hunt had been successful as far as I was concerned Ramona had already died.
(Katies POV)
I looked into Joels bedroom and could tell that he was crying yet again. I sighed and walked back into the living room. I looked over at his dad and said
You said he cant die from losing his beloved. Why is he still so sick? When will he get better? Please tell me what I can do to help?
His dad gave me a sad look then said in a calm voice
Katie, I know you love him and you want him to be all better but these things take time. In the life of a vampire a few months is nothing. He could grieve her for years even hundreds of years if thats what his soul needs. I promise he will be fine but it is possible it wont happen in your lifetime.
Maybe you should finally take the time to go and find your true mate. Katie you are a beautiful girl and Sophia and I love you and want the best for you. The truth is if you were Joels true wolf mate he would have known it by now. His wolf would have figured it out.
I sputtered and wanted to scream at him that he was wrong. I am his true wolf mate and I know it. I dont know why he cant see it. Thats when I realized what I needed to do. I could make him see the truth if I tricked him into blood bonding with me. Once the bonding was complete he would know and he could stop grieving for her and start loving me. I smiled at his dad Darien and said in a calm voice
Thank you for your concern. Im not ready to move on right now any more than Joel is. Perhaps in a few weeks. Im going home for the night. Ill see you tomorrow. Oh and make sure he eats something tonight. Its been a few days. Then I got out of the chair and left the house. I had some things I needed to pull together in order to make this happen. But soon, very soon Joel and I would mate and blood bond and then his heart and soul would belong to me.
CHAPTER 11
(Valesca's POV)
There is no safe place for me to go. It seems no matter where I turn someone recognizes this face and this bodies scent and wants to kill me. I may have Ramona's body but I don't have her fighting abilities. Eventually one of them is going to accomplish killing this body. I took a deep breath and let a sigh of frustration slip from my lips.
I had thought my plan had been a good one. The plan was simple, even though the spell had been very complicated. Basically the spell allowed me to switch my soul with Ramona's. It was a win win for me. I would trade a weak and decaying human body for a strong, healthy vampire body that would thrive for thousands of years.
Ramona was encased in stone for all eternity. There was little chance that she would ever be set free from her prison. The best part was Ramona had agreed to the spell. By agreeing to have me cast the spell she would now be trapped alive and aware until it felt she had paid for all her she convinced herself that she had paid for her sins.
Since I now walk in her shoes I can honestly say it is going to be a very long time. I laughed at how easy it had been fool Ramona. She all but begged me to steel her body. Her broken heart made her an easy target.
The spell had been the largest I had ever accomplished. I tapped into my core to pull every bit of magic out that I possessed. I was grateful that it was successful but it has left me weak and depleted of my magic. My plan to contain her soul within a statue had been pure genius on my part.
With her soul basically taken out of the equation I didn't have to worry that she would reach out to her beloved for help. In fact the only way her soul can ever leave the statue is if it was smashed into tiny little pieces.
Releasing her soul however didn't give her back her body. To repossess her body would require a reverse spell. It would need to be more powerful if not more so than my original spell. I have no fear of that since my magic is depleted and no one else on earth can possibly know the spell I used.
I huffed in agitation at my depleted magic. Now looking back I realized the statue had been overkill. Hell, if I had just been able to swap Ramona into the humans body I had been occupied instead of the statue I would have saved magic. Then I could have just killed the human.
Now, I am in a jam without even a little of my magic I can't defend myself from the wolves. I am strong but they just keep coming. No matter where I hide they seem to find me. If I had just a tad of my magic I could alter my scent just enough to keep them off my trail.
I heard noise at the back of the alley and realized the wolves were closing in yet again. I looked behind me and knew they had the advantage and that I was surrounded. I growled out in frustration and used every bit of strength I had to jump to the nearest rooftop. Running from the wolves was becoming a full time occupation. Having this strong vampire body was not working out. I needed a new plan.
(Ramona's POV)
I have tried more times than I can count to separate my soul from the stone statue but nothing works. My soul is thrumming with pain so intense I can no longer focus on anything but the sheer agony. If I had eyes I would have been crying. If I had a mouth I would have been screaming in agony. I am resolute that this is my punishment for my many unpardonable crimes against my beloved and the werewolf nations.
My life is over. I am doomed to forever suffer and I will never again be able to touch another being. My body is lost to me, even if I break myself free from this stone prison I will be a soul without a vessel. I know exactly what the Fae bitch has done to me. I was alive during the Fae wars and I know what they are capable of.
I also knew that the very best I could hope for was that my soul would finally give up and move from this lifetime to the next. For now however there was nothing for me to do but wait until my soul felt it had been punished enough for its sins.
(Joel's POV)
I felt the bed depress and I knew that Katie was sitting on the edge. Her soft clean scent floated towards me. I found myself enjoying her scent more than I have in the past. Something about it just seemed to call to something deep within me.
I turned slowly to look at her. She was wearing a light yellow sundress and her curly hair was bouncing around her face. She looked more beautiful then I remembered. Her skin all but glowed with an inner beauty that I knew she possessed. I could tell she was forcing herself to keep a calm expression on her face. Somehow, I just knew however that Katie was anything but calm.
She reached out and gently touched my face with her fingertips. I'm not sure why but I suddenly felt tiny little tingles everywhere her fingers touched me. Even my wolf perked up and took notice. I was surprised since I hadn't felt my wolf say a word since we left Colorado. Then I watched Katie's reserve slip for just a moment before she forced a small smile onto her face and finally said
"Joel, I need you to remain calm. I need to tell you something but you have to promise me that you will be calm. Do I have your word?"
I wondered what had Katie all worked up. I found myself listening to heart race. I could hear the blood pumping through her veins and I suddenly realized Katie was scared to death. My wolf didn't like that she was so distressed. It wanted me to calm her and ease her suffering. I reached out and placed my hand on her cheek in an attempt to comfort her. Then I opened my senses to try and understand what had her so afraid.
I heard my mom, dad, GG Pop and GG Mom Leona in the living room. Their voices seems a bit strained and I could feel anxiety pouring off of all of them. Then I heard a females voice that I didn't recognize. The voice for some reason sent tingles down my spine and my body had an almost visceral reaction. Without even thinking about it, I found myself sitting upright in the bed.
Then I smelled something. No, I smelled her, my Ramona my beloved. I rose from my bed with the intention of launching myself into the living room but was stopped by Katie's words.
"Joel, it's not really her. You know that! The person out there is soul-less and evil. Please Joel! Wait! Give me a chance to talk to you before you do something you will regret"
Katie's words stopped me in my tracks. She was right. I had already seen the truth myself. Ramona's soul is not with her body. She had thrown her soul away. She had rejected me and the possibility of our love. Why was she here now? What did she want from me? Why was she here when just a few weeks ago she wanted to kill me?
Katie sat opposite of me wringing her hands. Finally she looked at me with her eyes beseeching me to be patient. When she finally started speaking I realized that even her voice appealed to my wolf in ways I had never noticed before.
"According to your grams. Ramona claims she made a mistake getting rid of her soul. She claims she wants it back and needs you and your GG Mom Leona to help her."
I felt a small glimmer of hope ignite within me. If she wanted to get her soul back she must want to give our love a chance. Katie seemed to know what I was feeling and I suddenly regretted the pain that my hope caused her. I was surprised when I felt my wolf whimper at the thought of Katie being hurt by us. I watched as Katie seemed to become even more nervous before she continued.
"Joel, I really never wanted to have to tell you this but I know now that have to. I had hoped that you would one day come to recognize it yourself. I however am out of time and well, here it is. I really am your true wolf mate. I know you don't believe that but my wolf and I know it. We have always known it Joel. Since the first time we saw you.
I've spent a lot of time over the past few weeks trying to figure out how I could prove it to you. I even considered forcing a blood bond on you just so you would finally understand. But I love you too much to force you to be with me. Then, today when I talked to your Grams Ena it all clicked into place. She told me what happened when you were a baby.
She said that a witch named Joanna cast a spell on you that was meant to break your attachment with your true mate and bond you to her. She said they killed Joanna and broke the spell but I think it didn't fix our bond.
Ena and your GG mom Leona both agree. We shared the insight with your mom and dad this morning while we waited for Ramona to come and they all agree that I am probably right. We were born for each other Joel and magic has caused us too much pain and time already.
Please Joel, we could be happy together. Just forget about Ramona and let her deal with her own consequences. She chose this, she rejected you once already. I have always accepted you. Please give our love a chance. Please Joel tell her to go to hell where she belongs."
I was having trouble emotionally processing Katie's words. My wolf was howling in shame and disapproval. He believed her words as truth. He suddenly believed everything she said and accepted that she was his true mate. I however wanted to disagree; I didn't want to believe that she had been with me all this time and I had failed to recognize my own mate.
I took in a deep breath expecting to find the scent of a lie, but there was no hint of deception. No smell of untruth. Katie was telling me the truth. She was my true wolf mate and I had to either accept or reject her.
CHAPTER 12
(Valescas POV)
Standing this close to Kenyan was giving me the heeby jebbies. He was an ancient and very deadly vampire. He was defiantly old enough to remember the Fae and smart enough to figure out the truth. I was being quick witted so that I could keep him off balanced and occupied. My main goal was to make sure he didnt take the time to think things through.
That wife of his was pretty clever as well. She asked more questions than he did. If I didnt know better I would think she had some experience with magic. This house was also making me uncomfortable. There was such a combination of species that really shouldnt be mixing and matching. I smelled wolf, human, vampire and other. It was the wolf and the other that was making me even more uncomfortable.
I sniffed again and tried to lock in on who was emitting what smell. I needed to be sure that someone wasnt going to attack me while my back was turned. Wolves were dangerous and unknown species could be even more dangerous. That's when it clicked. The wife wasnt the vampire she looked like. She was emitting the smell of a wolf as well. I moved closer and allowed my aura to touch hers. She smelled of old wolf but clearly she carried no extra spirit within. Without a beast I really didn't know what to make of her sent. I was even more confused. I stopped trying to figure it out and just marked it up to just another reason to get in and out of the place as quickly as possible.
I had one goal in mind. Use any method necessary to convince Joel to allow me that he was still in love with Ramona and wanted to blood bond with me. I would lie, cheat, seduce or steel what I needed if necessary. The moment he shared his blood with me the scent of my new body will automatically change. Then, since he will be halfblooded to me I can feed off his emotions. I can tap into his strength at will. Over time his torment from an incomplete blooding will completely charge my magic back up.
With any luck the fool was is so in love with Ramonas body that he would do anything I asked. I will make sure to promise him the world and even give him a taste of glory to make sure he was convinced. It should be as easy as taking candy from a baby. I smiled to myself at the thought of manipulating the vampire. Vampires are always such fools when it comes to their beloved. They will accept anything and everything at the chance of having a happily ever after. Since Ramonas beloved is a vampire as well that makes this whole process simpler.
I heard movement and voices coming from the closed door and found myself focusing on the conversation. I sounded like a female was begging Ramonas beloved to reject me. I waited patiently for Joel to tell the female she was crazy, but it actually sounded as if he might agree. I couldnt have that. I was going to have to go in there and show him what he would be missing. I threw my shoulders back and pushed my breasts out and marched over to the closed door.
The moment my hand touched the knob it opened on its own accord. I took one look at Joels face and knew that he intended to reject me. Before he had a chance to say a single word, I threw myself into his arms and pressed my lips firmly to his. I made sure to kiss him with thousands of years of experience behind it. My kiss was as good as any working women could be. My species absolutely loves everything about sex. In fact, I have been very sexually active through the ages and have become quite adapt at the art of sexual pleasure. I know he melted in my arms and his desire sky rocketed.
Everyone in the room including the stupid female that I could now identify as a wolf could smell his want and need for me. Just to make sure that I had him where I wanted him I allowed my left hand to fall to his waist band and slip down his pants. I felt and heard his moan of pleasure the moment my soft hand touched his rock hard manhood. I could feel his body temperature rising and I knew that rejection was the farthest thing from his mind.
I was slowly pushing us back towards the bedroom that Joel and the female has just exited. My intention was to guide him to the bed and use the sexual tension that was already developing between us to get him to immediately blood with me. We cleared the door jamb and I used my foot to close the door behind us as I continued to assault his mouth and his manhood. I had to pull my hand out of his pants once we reached the bed in order to get us both in a suitable lying position. To move things along I pulled my dress up over my hips and ground my lower half into his.
Each movement caused my thong undies to shift up and over so that Joel could see glimpses of my sweet spot. I felt his hands move around and grasp both of my butt cheeks. He was kneading my flesh and moaning over and over and his movements were at a fevered pitch. I pulled away from his lips and started kissing down his neck and body. I was half way across his chest when I realized I was smelling wolf. It was so strong and poignant that I had to keep myself from gagging on the smell.
I had never really cared for vampires but I was able to be sexual with them and generally find gratification. Joel however didnt smell like a vampire he smelled of wolf. I hated wolf and their scent not to mention that their beast tended to rub my spirit wrong. It was like chewing glass. Like Ramona I enjoy killing wolves but preferred not to bed them. Despite my dislike, I unclipped his pants and smiled up at him.
My mind was running at full speed trying to understand why he smelled of wolf but looked like a vampire. I allowed my aura to reach out then snapped it back quickly when I confirmed he had a wolf within him. Thats when I recall the rumors of wolf-vampire hybrids. Joel and the woman in the other room must be hybrids of some sort. Im not sure how they were created but both of them held very distinctive qualities. Both of us were panting heavily as I caressed his manhood in my hands. I looked up at him and said in a soft seductive voice
I want you Joel. You are my beloved. We belong together. Nothing and no one should have ever kept us apart. Tell me that you want me. Tell me that you will help me get my soul back so that we can become a fully blooded vampire couple. Please Joel, tell me you need and want me as much as I want you
I watched his Adams apple bounce up and down as he swallowed hard. Then I saw his eyes cloud over with lust and knew that he was going to answer based on his bodies needs not his minds understanding. So be it. That was good enough for me. I could tell he would do whatever I asked of him. With that understanding I bent down and took his manhood into my warm hot mouth.
Joels body tensed and he moaned even louder as I utilized a technique that I know caused his entire body to strum with pleasure. The more my lips moved up and down his shaft the more he cried out words of love and endearment. He was all but promising me the world by the time his seed burst from him and filled my mouth. I had no intention of swallowing so I allowed it to plop from my mouth and was about to use his sheets to wipe it when the bedroom door flew off open.
I looked up with his seed still all over my face and realized half the people in the house including the female wolf were starting at us. She had the look of a wounded animal in her eyes. If I hadnt known better I would have thought she was a mated pair with him. His parents and were looking at both of us with clear disapproval in their eyes. I couldnt stop myself from smiling and saying in a cheeky and sarcastic voice
I have no intention of sharing our lovemaking with the rest of you. Please turn around and provide us with the privacy we deserve as a beloved couple so that we can complete what has already been started.
Then to not only drive my point home but to cause Joel to go into a jealous fit, I pulled my shirt over my head and exposed my naked breasts. I saw the mens pupils dilate and to some degree that managed to excite me. Voyeurism was definitely something I enjoyed and the idea of having sex with Joel in front of all of them totally excited me. The more I thought of it the more I wanted them to stay. I found my dark nipples pulling tight with excitement. I also felt the place between my legs heat and pulse with desire. I smelled my own scent hit me at the same time as I heard Joel roar in anger.
Get out! Get out now or I will make you regret it
Everyone but the female wolf took off in less than the time it took me to blink. The shewolf hesitated for only a moment. It had been just long enough for both Joel and I to see a tear slip from her eye. Joel started to pull away from me and I realized he was fighting with his wolf. I couldnt afford to have him hesitate so I quickly pulled my panties to the side and slid myself down his shaft.
CHAPTER 13
(Joel's POV)
Something was very wrong. With each day that passes I become more and more convinced. My wolf and I have become convinced Ramona really still does have her soul but there is just something wrong with it. I feels wrong and my soul doesn't recognize hers at all. In fact nothing about Ramona felt right.
Not only was her soul different, her memories also seemed too effected. Our first night together Ramona said several times she wanted to drink my blood. When I reminded her it would finalize our bond she looked at me questionably. I reminded her that her side has been in place since I was an infant. I was shocked that she seemed surprised. In her letter she claimed that was the reason she was doing this in the first place.
Oddly however she declined blooding after we talked about it. When I pushed the issue she claimed it was because her soul was missing and without it the blooding would be incomplete. I wanted to believe her but my wolf was crying foul on and my soul was uncomfortable and felt anxious as well... Something in her words rang untrue and had the smell of deceit.
The two of us had left my moms house immediately after our first night together. Ramona claimed she was worried about wolf attacks staying so close to a pack. I assured her the Raritan pack was of no consequence but she refused to back down. Eventually I agreed to just to please her.
It seemed I've been doing that a lot lately. It was odd since in all honesty aside from the physical attraction I really had nothing in common with Ramona. I found her to be an eccentric and very self-centered individual. I could only pray that once she got her soul back that she would be a more agreeable person. In the least once our souls blended and danced I would be satisfied and content regardless of her personality.
My wolf however disagreed. He believed she was a nasty selfish BEAITCH and would never be good enough for us. He whined and moaned every chance he got. He loved to rub in my face what a good Katie had been. He would talk about her selflessness and her easy going personality.
Ramona huffed again and I knew she was getting ready to demand that we found better accommodations. I reached into my pocket and pulled out my cell in preparation of begging my family to pull some strings. Ramona only like the best in life. She would want to stay in one of the most upscale expensive hotel in Manhattan. She was never going to make do with a Double Tree on the Jersey side of the river.
It was times like these that I found myself agreeing with my wolf. Ramona was a lot of work and I never thought being with my beloved would be this hard. As if on cue I heard her shriek and immediately she bolted out of the bathroom
"This place is filthy Joel. I can't possibly stay here. Why would we even stay in Jersey at all when we are so close to the city that never sleeps? Its a vampires dream Joel. Make some calls and get us in The St. Regis. I would make the calls but then we might have wolves sniffing at our heels."
I pushed in the number for my mom and dad and slid my finger over the call button. Ramona and I were using disposable phones since she insisted the wolves were monitoring our phone calls. Personally I thought she was a little paranoid. The phone started ringing and I patiently waited for my mom or dad to answer the phone.
When Katie's soft voice said hello for just a moment my mouth went dry and I lost my voice. I managed to say hello and ask her how she was doing. I swallowed hard and could hear Ramona in the background still complaining about the hotel.
"Ramona, I'm going into the hallway so I can see about getting us a room at the Regent. I'll be right back."
She yelled back okay and I quickly left the hotel room. I tried to tell myself I only left the room so that I could hear my mom and dad better but the truth was I wanted to talk to Katie without Ramona listening.
"Joel, I'm so glad you called. I've been waiting for days. We have news. Can you step away from Ramona? We need to be sure that you aren't within ear shot."
I looked back at the closed door and decided to walk outside. I heard another phone pickup and suddenly my mom and dads voice were also on the phone. I could hear my grams and GG Mom and Pop also trying to talk into the phone. Most likely standing over my parents or Katie's shoulder.
"Joel, are you okay? Has she tried to hurt you?" My mom sounded frantic. I was confused did they think Ramona would hurt me? I was trying to form a response when my dad jumped in and hollered at me
"Say something son, your mama has been worried sick."
Dad, mom, I am okay. What's got you all so worked up? Everything the same here. Ramona and I are fine. I just called to see if you could get us a room at the Regent in Manhattan. It's nothing life threatening and I don't believe there are any wolves after us."
"Joel, you're not with Ramona. Youre with a Fae who stole Ramona's body. Kenyan figured it out last week when we were visiting New Orleans. He knew something was off but when he visited the old voodoo priestess home he was able to confirm it.
She used to go by the name Valesca and she's been hopping in and out of human bodies for several thousand years. It was quite a coo for her to snatch a vampires body. Ramona's real soul could still be out there somewhere. She's probably in the human body Valesca vacated."
My dad paused and I knew he was trying to find the words. When he just moved on I put two and two together. He was trying to say chances are Ramona's soul has already moved onto the next plane. That Valesca probably killed her the moment the switch was completed. I heard my dad take a deep breath then finish on a softer almost sad voice
"Anyhow we've been dying to get a hold of you since the longer Valesca stays in Ramona's body the harder it will be to get her out and maybe restore Ramona."
I never got a chance to say anything to my father. Before I could open my mouth I felt a sharp pain in the back of my neck and it was lights out from there.
(Ramona)
I've been slipping in and out of consciousness. Sometimes I completely forget who I am and where I'm at. My brain is getting foggy and I'm having trouble remembering what's real. What's reality and what's dream. Maybe I was never a vampire. Maybe I was just a poor kid with big dreams.
I might have been a drug addict and I overdosed in this dirty old warehouse. Maybe that's why my spirit is trapped in this nasty room. Or maybe I really was vampire and maybe I really did have a beloved out there that at this moment was being used and abused by the nasty Fae that stole my body.
I can't be sure anymore and my soul aches so much that I don't even want to try. I have no perception of time. I can't tell if I've been trapped here for hours or for years. It could be centuries for all I know. Then for just a moment hope filled my entire being. I was positive I felt an old soul. A soul that felt like home and family, it brushed against me and welcomed my touch. It was such a wonderful, familiar comforting feeling.
For just a nanosecond I was sure I touched something. Then it was gone, leaving me with nothing but more proof that my mind had taken leave of me. I knew I could influence the wastrels that came and shot themselves full of drugs in the room where my spirit was trapped.
Tonight, I would have them accidentally on purpose set this building on fire. With any luck it would burn to the ground and my spirit would be released from this prison I've been stuck in. It no longer mattered if I had been one of them or the vampire in my dreams. The only thing that mattered now was that I found closure and a tiny bit of peace and serenity.
CHAPTER 14
"Why would you be with her? Why Joel you're a wolf! She's the wolf slayer! Why! Tell me why you would you help her? You should have rejected her! My son died because of her! I should kill you right now. If you weren't her beloved I would but we need you to draw her out.
You both need to pay for my son dying. You tricked me into thinking that you were helping me when you were helping her. They skinned my son alive and I blame you and her. I am going to catch her and I promise you I will make sure you have to watch us torture and kill her. Then only after I'm sure you can't possibly suffer anymore I will let you die."
He punched me in my nose and I felt it break yet again. So far just today they've broken my nose twice, dislocated my shoulder and I pretty sure my left eye socket is shattered. Not to mention that they've kept me in direct sunlight all day.
I'm not sure how many of them there are. At this point I've been beaten by at least three different alpha wolves. I recognized Alpha Glen from Nevada not only from his words but from his scent and voice as well. I can tell they are other alphas by their scent too. After each beating they stuff me back into some strange cell. I call it a cell simply because I have no better word for it.
Its basically a deep hole encased in cement with a sliding ceiling. When they open the top it allows the sun to shine brightly down on me. I imagine it must have been built explicitly to torture vampires. The bars are made of titanium and even with my enhanced strength there is no way for me to break out.
I felt him kick me in the back of the head then I was lifted in multiple hands and tossed back into my cage. I landed roughly and was a little surprised when I felt my right fang crack. I pushed it with my tongue and spit it out of my mouth. I took a deep breath and allowed my head to drop into my lap.
I'm coated in sun blisters and I know I'm not healing. I always wondered if I was invincible I'm starting to think that I'm not. I can feel my blood burning me from the inside out and I'm pretty sure if they expose me to more direct sunlight tomorrow I might go up in flames.
In some ways that was good thing. Ramona was probably dead, I really messed things up with Katie and even if it was Valesca in Ramona's body I just wasn't up for watching them terrorize her. I was deep in thought when they suddenly opened my cell and threw a young female human in the cell with me. With my eyes swollen from the beating and the sun I could only smell and hear he heart beating rapidly. Someone yelled to me
"Feed on her or we will force you. You want your alive. For now" I heard him chuckle and I heard the young female tremble in fear. I wanted to decline but with each beat of her heart I could hear her blood calling to me.
I fought the desire for hours. She sat across the cell from me all night whimpering and crying. I tried to tune her out and concentrate on anything but the sound of her heart beating fresh blood through her body. It really shouldn't have been that hard. Heck, my body didn't even really like human blood.
I preferred wolf blood; I'd always had a hard time processing human blood. I felt the air grow thicker and I knew the sun would be rising soon. I was trying to convince myself that I was better off allowing myself to move from this world to the next.
My blood was boiling and I found myself thinking about how good the human smelled. I was so hungry and her blood was calling to my blood. My thoughts were getting fuzzy and somehow I found myself instinctively moving towards her. I heard her gasp in fear as I pulled her it my arms.
I tried to stop myself but something dark and evil took me over. I think I knew I was heading into full blown blood lust. I'd always fed religiously three times a week to avoid temptation. When I was injured I immediately fed, I'd never took any chances and I made sure my body always had sufficient blood.
My vampire relatives had given me a complete and thorough understand of blood lust. It was an instinctive reflex to our endangered life. Grams said it wasn't evil but it did lack a conscience. Blood lust could and would force me to do things that I would not approve of. She warned me, they all warned me to never allow myself to slip into blood lust.
I didn't want to but I couldn't have stopped if I wanted to. In the back of my mind I knew with only one fang the poor human was going to suffer needlessly. I even recall thinking I would just take a small sip of her. Just enough to take the edge off. Then I ripped into her neck and drank every drop of blood that her body held within it.
(Alpha Glen)
I was angry and wanted retribution for my sons death. When I got the call from the Manhattan alpha I was shocked when he told me he'd captured the slayers beloved. That was nothing compared to the shock I felt when I arrived and found Joel.
My shock had quickly turned to anger and disgust. Joel had been their when we'd found my sons broken and skinless body. Hes held me in his arms and allowed me to spill my grief. He'd lifted me in his arms and carried me home.
Finding out that he was the slayers beloved was a slap in the face. How could he have stared me in the eyes and lied to me. How could he have sullied my sons death with his complete and utter lies? He was her friggen beloved. He had to have known where she'd been. He was as much at fault as the kidnappers for my sons death.
I continued to yell obscenities at him the entire time I punched and kicked him. I would have beaten him to death had the alpha from New Jersey not stopped me. They had plans that required Joel to be alive for. They promised me that once they had the slayer Joel was all mine.
I intended to make him pay for my sons life. I would skin Ramona in front of him. Then I would heal her with blood and repeat the process for days on end. Only after I grew tired of seeing her suffer would I allow her to die.
Then, I might just repeat the process on Joel until I no longer ached for my son. Until my mate no longer cried for him on a nightly basis. I might just skin the bastard alive every night until I died. Then I would allow him to find his own death in cell just like this one in the dead of the Nevada desert.
We grabbed his almost unconscious body off the floor and threw him back in the cell. I flicked the switch and closed the top since I couldn't afford him to accidentally die from his injuries. Joe from Jersey said they had secured a homeless female and would toss her in so the Joel could feed and heal his injuries.
I smiled and clapped my hands together in excitement. I loved the idea of him healing so I could repeat the process tomorrow. With any luck Ramona would turn herself in. We were dangling the idea in front of her that he would go free. I had to laugh at that idea. He was going to die just like she was.
I pulled the dirty human off the floor and threw her in. I made sure she had several small wounds on her body so that she dripped just enough blood to drive his vampire side nuts. I was had expected him to grab her and feed the moment she entered the cell.
During the night I had several nightmares and my son had come to me. He reminded me that I was a good man, and that this kind of behavior was beneath me. He begged me to go home to my wife and forget about torture and evil things. He shamed me into rethinking all of it. He even called me bad that I threw a poor defenseless human in with a sick vampire that would probably fall into blood lust.
When I woke up I knew that I had to go home. I couldn't possibly participate in the torture of the slayer or Joel. When I returned to his cell I had expected to find that Joel had fed and killed the human. I was shocked to see Joel was still severely injured and had not fed. I was just about to enter his cell and pull the female out when I noticed his eyes suddenly shot open. I was too late he was in full blood lust and his blood red were the proof.
He made this horrific sounding gurgle in his throat as he pulled the human into his arms. I saw his lips pull back and I noticed only one of his fangs were still intact. He tore into the humans throat with a veracity of a crazed animal. I tried to open the door but Joe was suddenly at my side and held me back.
He forced me to watch Joel tear into the girl. He didn't just drink her blood he chewed on her flesh and reveled in her blood. His face was coated in her blood. Then, when he'd gotten every drop of blood he could from her veins he tore into her chest with his claws and pulled out her heart.
I couldn't stop myself for from watching him through partially closed eyes. He sat sucking on her dead heart with a sick twisted smile on his face. I watched as his wounds healed in record time. In less than an hour he completely healed.
I assumed he was finished and I turned to leave when one I realized several other Alphas had joined us. One of the alpha's I'm not sure which one said to me
"Don't leave Glen; you need to see what he really is. You came down here with the intention of turning him loose. I know because I heard you talking in your sleep. You need to join us in our cause. This hybrid is the start of something much bigger. You knew this yesterday; don't let your heart go soft just because he was with you when your son died.
Trust us; we are right about him and all the vampires. We can't have hybrid making this worse. You need to see what he really is. What they all really are. They are all evil, every last one of them.
This will prove it to you. Believe me when I tell you he deserves what you had planned. Watch so that you never again feel guilty for the torture we will do to him, the slayer and the rest of their stinking dirty species."
Then I watched in pure horror as Joel ripped open her stomach with his claws and pulled out her internal organs one by one. Joel would twist and turn the girls flesh in his hands so that he could squeeze the blood from them into his mouth. He had the look of pure bliss and pleasure on his face. I could almost swear I heard him humming a happy tune.
I had never in my life seen anything so completely abhorrent. This was in my mind worse than what I'd had planned for him. I couldn't stop my stomach from turning. The smell of her guts alone could have done it. Whoever had been holding me let me loose and I dropped to the floor and emptied the contents of my stomach. I heard gagging behind me and I knew both of them were throwing up too.
CHAPTER 15
(Katie's POV)
I felt a little uncomfortable showing so much skin but Sophia was clear that I needed to make sure I kept all eyes on me. I was going into a very dangerous situation and the only weapon I had was my looks and my wits. I thought again about what Darien had told me earlier in the night.
"Now remember Katie, this is no ordinary wolf pack. These are mostly rogues and alphas without packs. They are very dangerous. Don't let your guard down for a moment. Now, they are going to think you are just a female in heat that wandered into their bar.
Every male in the place is going to be trying to win your attention. With the perfume from the doc they won't be able to think straight. Just don't overdo it. One or two spritzes at most. Anyhow, make the wolves think you want them so they fight over you. Once enough of them are fighting turn tail and get the hell out there. By then Sophia and I should have Joel."
I made a kissy face in the mirror and slathered on the deep red lipstick then I fluffed my dyed blonde hair one more time. I pulled the bottle of hormone scenter from my purse and spritzed myself with a couple of times. I sniffed but was a little concerned when I didn't smell anything.
Just to be sure I spritzed myself a few more times but still didn't notice any smell. Well, with or without the perfume I had a job to do. I just had to pray the doc was right because without the scent I had no chance of getting and keeping the attention of so many male wolves.
I looked at the clock and realized it was ShowTime. I stepped out of the hotel room and looked down at the pale yellow halter top that barely contained my large breasts. Despite the fact that I had ample cleavage showing, I pulled the halter top down a little lower and hiked the tiny black skirt I was wearing up just a little more. Then I slipped on the four inch high spike black pumps and clicked the hotel room shut behind me.
I glanced down at my watch and knew I was right on schedule as I walked across the street and headed directly for the bar. The street was quiet and empty and I didn't notice anyone paying attention to me as I pushed open the bar door.
I paused a moment to let myself adjust to the light and tried to take in my surroundings. My eyes adjusted quickly to the dimly lit room but I was nearly knocked out by the heavy smell of cigarette smoke and stale beer. I couldn't help but wonder that even if he docs perfume worked if anyone could smell it over the heavy odors already in the bar.
Looking at the crowd of men reminded me of the past few weeks we'd spent on the road looking for Joel. We'd been rattling cages and kicking in doors when we finally caught our break. It turns out there are a radical group of werewolves that have come together for a common goal. They want to rid the earth of vampires and hybrids.
Apparently they have some crazy idea that they didn't find their true mate because a vampire must of have stolen them as a beloved. It goes back to the time of Kalli Madison. She was the first know werewolf that had both a beloved and a true wolf mate.
Many mateless male wolves had started to wonder if Kalli was unique or if it was common that a vampire could share a shewolf. Around that same time a secret group of wolves came together and formed a hidden CLUB. The main purpose was to determine why so many werewolves didn't find their true mate.
Then Joel's mother Sophia also turned out to have a true wolf mate and a beloved. The moment the GROUP learned of Sophia and Darien's relationship they became convinced that the vampires had been steeling true mates for centuries. They became very vocal and used Sophia and Darien's as proof to non-believers.
Over time, the group grew and so did their hatred and anger at the vampires. I knew who they were and exactly what they wanted. They approached me in Vegas the day Ramona showed up. They wanted to know if Joel and I were true mates. When I said that we were and that Ramona was also his beloved they told me of their GROUPS true nature.
I had agreed to join them and help them bring justice to the werewolf nation. I was angry and bitter than Joel was choosing Ramona over me. I wanted him to love me the way I loved him. I wanted Ramona dead and out of the picture so that I could have my happily ever after.
I'd told them how to find Ramona when we were still in Vegas. Then I sent them a fax of Ramona's farewell letter to Joel in hopes they would find and destroy her in New Orleans. I'd even been giving them updates on Joel and Ramona's whereabouts since the moment they left Florida together. I never expected them to capture and torture Joel. I was as much as fault as the GROUP. I would never forgive myself if they permanently damaged my true mate.
That's why no matter what it took or the cost to me I was going to do whatever I could to help rescue Joel. With my goals in mind, I took my time walking as sexy as I knew how from the door towards the bar. I made sure my breasts bounced and my buttock flexed with each step I took. I had almost made it all the way to the bar before I caught the attention of the first wolf. I forced myself to smile at him like he was the best looking man I had ever seen.
Then as if on cue I watched as every single male in the bar stopped what they were doing and turned and looked directly at me. The reaction was a lot more than I had expected. I know I am attractive but not enough to get the attention of an entire bar. I smiled to myself at the knowledge that the docs potion must be working.
I plastered the fake smile on my face and pushed myself to resume walking towards the bar. With each step I took more males moved closer to me. I could see them sniffing in my scent a visibly becoming aroused. The doc said they would be attacked but their reaction seemed a bit more than just desire. I heard several wolves growling and I heard at least one howl. Something felt very wrong and I realized the hairs on the back of my neck were standing on end.
Then I recalled Darien saying something about just one or two spritzes. Too bad I never was very good at following directions. This time it just might cost me my life. I never made it to the bar. I never even had to say a word. In fact I never did more than bat my eyelashes and make a few huffing sounds before the bar erupted in a wave of violence.
Some men shifted completely, others partially shifted but all of them fought to cause maximum damage. I was petrified as I watched them tear into each other each man for himself. Blood splashed me in my face and I decided it was time to get out of her. That's when I realized the huge flaw in my plan. The fighting men were between me and the exit. I knew things were going to get a lot worse before they got better. I felt the first set of hands grab me off the floor and thought to myself "I guess Karma was a BEATCH after all."
CHAPTER 16
(Ramonas POV)
Setting the building on fire had been an even bigger disaster than being stuck in the abandoned warehouse. The locals did exactly what I told them to do and within minutes the entire building went up in flames. For a few hours I was sure I would be released but then the fire died and I was still stuck in the rubble. The fire died out days ago and still my soul lingers in the same place.
I was allowing my mind to roam over the possibilities for escape when I felt a certain vibe. It felt familiar and reminded me of home. I focused my attention on my surrounding and thats when I spotted him. Kenyan! My Kenyan was searching through the rubble looking for something. Most likely some indication of what happened to me.
I allowed my soul to move as far away from my cage as it allowed me. I was able to get within feet of him. I shouted and tried my best to touch him. At times, I thought he might have heard or felt something since he would completely still himself and breathe deeply. Then as if he was unable to see or hear anything he would start moving the debris around again.
Hed taken three passes through the rubble before I watched him sit down in the middle of the fire damage and clear his throat then he said in his particularly knowing voice
Ramona, I know youre here somewhere. Im not sure if your soul is trapped or if you are afraid to leave. If its fear keeping you here I beg you to let yourself move on. Joel will be fine, I promise. If you are trapped I give you my word I will figure it out and set your soul free.
You may not have been made from my blood but to me you are still one of my children. I promise I will not rest until I know you are at peace and your death has been avenged. I love you Ramona and always have.
Then I watched as he lifted himself from the ground and once again stood absolutely still as if listening for me to reply. I know he couldnt see or hear me but I jumped up and down and shouted anyway. After an hour or so Kenyan eventually let out a sad sigh and left the building.
If I had eyes I would have been crying as he left. As it was my soul begged mercilessly for him to come back. I knew my heart and soul would yearn for his company until her returned. I also knew with every fiber of my being that Kenyan would return. Kenyan was often problematic and generally tended to take things into his own hands that were better left alone, but once Kenyan gave his word he never went back.
Today that brought a sense of security and hope to me. If Kenyan said he would not rest until he knew my soul was at peace then he would help me to move for this world to the next. I found that single thought to be refreshing and I allowed it to carry me through the next several days.
(Kenyan's POV)
I was looking through the debris from the building fire when I know I felt Ramonas essence. It wasnt the first time I felt her around this building. Im not sure where she is but I know shes here somewhere. I wish I could tell if she lingered because she was afraid of the afterlife or is she was trapped here.
I sifted through every piece of rubble I could find inside the burned out building but could find no evidence that Ramona had even been here. Finally after exhausting myself I sat down in the middle of the floor and started at an old Greek marble sculpture that had managed to stay undamaged in the fire.
The more I sat there the more I was convinced Ramonas soul was still in the building. I wasnt sure what could possibly have her anchored here but I was sure she was here. It was like a mother that knew when her child needed her. I could feel Ramonas need for me as a parent and I simply couldnt just walk away again. I cleared my throat and decided to speak to her just in case she could hear me.
Ramona, I know youre here somewhere. Im not sure if your soul is trapped or if you are afraid to leave. If its fear keeping you here I beg you to let yourself move on. Joel will be fine, I promise. If you are trapped I give you my word I will figure it out and set your soul free.
You may not have been made from my blood but to me you are still one of my children. I promise I will not rest until I know you are at peace and your death has been avenged. I love you Ramona and always have.
I sat there on the ground thinking about what my next steps should be. It was then that I realized I was going about this all wrong. I needed Ena here so that if Ramonas soul was lingering my Ena could communicate with her. Most blooded couples could see and touch each other even in astral form. However, other vampires and species were never able to see a soul unless it was their mate. My Ena however could see the souls of all creatures regardless of their species.
Satisfied that I had come up with a plan I took on more deep breathe. Thats when I suddenly identified the smell that had been teasing my awareness. Fae! The smell was undeniably and absolutely astoundingly Fae. I was shocked to my core since I hadnt smelled anything like that in a millennium or more. I suddenly had a very sneaky suspicion of exactly what happened to Ramona. I quickly pulled myself from the ground and ran at my top speed back to my hotel room on Bourbon Street.
I punched in Enas number as quickly as the phone would allow me. I would need her come as quickly as possible if I was going to confirm my suspicions. Once I had Enas agreement I quickly called my wife Leona and filled her in.
Leona, do you recall me telling you about the final days of the Fae wars? Do you remember me saying that the Royal family created a spell that would allow them to displace a person from their body then slip their soul in and steal the body?
I heard Leona take a deep breath before answering in a quiet but inquisitive voice
Yes. I too took a deep breath before continuing
Well, I am pretty sure thats whats happened to Ramona. I think a Fae is in residence in her body and that Ramona is trapped in an inanimate object somewhere in a burned out warehouse here in New Orleans. Can you try to get your hands on a Royal Fae Grimoire or at least some kind of spell so we can reverse it? We have to do something shes trapped and probably in enormous pain. Leona we are Ramonas only hope.
We conversed for several more minutes before we finally said our goodbyes and hung up. Leona had said she would inform the rest of the family and find put out feelers for someone who might have a copy of the spell or a royal Grimoire. Leona managed to keep her tone and her words sounding positive. But I knew the truth. Chances are finding a Grimoire with a soul swapping spell were slim to none. It would only be in a Royals Grimoire.
Chances are we were not going to be able to restore Ramona to her own body. In fact we were probably not going to be able to get Ramona into any body. I might just have to come to grip with the fact that the best I could hope for was finding a spell that could release her from the trap she was in and allow her to move on to the afterlife.
I sat on the bed in my hotel room allowing my conscious beat me up about Ramonas situation. I felt tears slip down my cheeks unfettered. The truth was I felt responsible for Ramonas condition. I pushed her too hard to accept Joel as her soul mate. I had tricked the both of them into meeting.
I masterminded the entire Vegas shindig. I allowed Joel and Ramona to think that I was actually willing to end Ramonas life. I would never have agreed if I thought there was even a small chance that Joel wouldnt have rushed into the desert to save her. I figured the moment she looked into his eyes that she would finally give in and accept the bond with Joel.
I had been a fool to push Ramona so hard. I knew the things that happened to her in her youth. I knew the scars she still wore on her soul. I had been so sure that being with Joel would finally heal her pain and make her whole. I used her desires against her and forced her hand. It had been the wrong thing and Ramona was paying the price.
CHAPTER 17
(Joels POV)
My emotions were on overdrive. The past few days had been more than I was equipped emotionally to handle. My head was a mess and I was still desperately trying to make sense of everything that happened. My life had become so complicated ever since I walked into that cheesy Italian restaurant in Vegas and spotted the dark hair beauty that momentarily stopped my heart.
The part that hurt the most is that I made a terrible mess of my life in pursuit of a foolish and impossible dream. I wanted the soul shattering love that I knew my mom and dad had. I wanted to kind of connection that my grams talked about. I wanted more than just my wolf feeling like it had a partner. I didnt want to settle for a wolf mate I wanted my beloved vampire partner. Now, because of my stupidity I would probably have neither.
It took my family almost a week to find me then a full day after rescuing me before I finally was able to shake my blood lust. I looked over at my dad who was still holding his hands in his lap and shaking his foot in anxiety. He was holding back and I needed him to spit out the rest. I stood up and started pacing the room and finally managed to force myself to say
Tell me everything. Good back and even the supposition. I need to know every single detail the rest of you know. Then from there we can decide next steps. I heard my father take a deep breath then point to the chair before saying
Sit down, this is going to take a while and you are not going to enjoy hearing most of it. He waited for me to finally be seated and I watched as he ran his hand through his head then took another deep breath.
We tried to tell you on the phone that the woman you were running around with wasnt really your beloved. It was a Fae who stole her body Before my dad could say another word I quickly interrupted and said
What the hell is a Fae? Do you mean some kind of frigging fairy? I thought they were make believe? My dad shook his head and continued
Fae are a species that we thought had died out long ago. They are thought of as the predecessor to a vampire if you will. Your GG Pop could give you the full details but what you need to really understand is the soul in that body is as old if not older than GG Pop and is capable of large amounts of magic. He took a deep breath and I was just about to ask if the Fae is in Ramonas body then where is Ramona... when my dad held his hand up to me in a stop sign then he continued
I need you to hold all your questions until I get out the basic details. So, anyhow G Pop, Leona and your Gram were able to locate Ramonas soul. However she is currently without a body and they just arent sure if they are going to find a way to resolve that. In fact, they believe chances are the best they can do is help her soul to find peace. I know thats not something you wanted to hear but it is what it is. You are going to have to go to New Orleans and say goodbye to your beloved and help guide her out of this lifetime and into the next.
Part of me knew that was what my dad was going to say. I suddenly remembered the conversation on the phone just before I was captured. He tried to tell me then too and that was over a week ago. Hed been trying to prepare me for her loss. I felt tears slip from my eyes and land unchecked against my shoulders. I had never gotten a chance to know my beloved and now I never would. I opened my mouth to ask where in New Orleans and to let my dad know that I would come back afterwards when he again put his hand up in an attempt to silence me. Then, he pulled a hanky from his pocket and handed it to me before he continued on a voice that sounded even more gloomy
I am sorry for your loss Joel but thats not even the worse part. You see um He paused and cleared his throat and again fidgeted his hands in his lap before continuing.
Not everything went according to the plan when we rescued you. There were some complications that were unforeseen but are going to have a major effect on the rest of your life. Dad took a real deep breath before pushing on with a voice that was laced with sorrow and pain
Katie agreed to be a decoy. We had planned on her using some pheromones and getting the main bar in a fight. In her desire to help her over did the pheromones. I saw a tear slip out of my dads eye before he continued
Oh hell, theres just no easy way to say this. Then to my surprise my dad abruptly shot from his chair and blurted the rest out
They hurt her Joel. They hurt her in ways that will forever scar her. Shell never be able to really get over what they did. Heck your mom and I arent sure if shes ever going to be okay. The way we found her was bad. Even Im having nightmares thinking about what they did to her. Docs havent given us much hope. We had to have her put into a home for her own safety. Shes with pups Joel and she tried to kill them and herself several times already. Might be the only way to save her is if youre willing to blood bond with her. Although the doctors said even thats no guarantee.
My wolf was growling inside of me with pure fury at the thought of the rogues using and abusing his mate. He still believed Katie belonged to him and was more than angry that I had not been there to protect her. The moment my dad stopped speaking I knew I would need to try to save Katie no matter what it took. I looked at my dad and said
Tell me where she is? Im going to blood bond with her and try to bring her back to us. Shes my mate and deserves better than shes gotten from me. I need to do everything I can to save her
I got the details from my dad and rushed over to the hospital. I was stopped by a doctor and was hustled into a private lounge. When I asked questions they said it was important that the doctor explain several things to me before I went in to see her. Finally after waiting almost a half hour a doctor came in and sat opposite of me. I could tell by his scent he was pack. He looked at me with sorrow in his eyes and said
How much do you know about her condition?
I told him what my dad said and he nodded and made umhm sounds. When I finished he said in what I had to guess was his best professional voice
Well, your fianc will be okay physically. Mentally however is a different story. Anyhow, as you may or may not be aware of she lost her eye and her left leg, these body parts will not regenerate even for us wolves. She will also need to live with the colostomy bag for the rest of her life. The scar damage to her vaginal canal and colon cannot be repaired. When the time comes we will take the pups via C-section.
I hate to be the one to tell you this but normal sexual relations will no longer be possible for your fianc. The two of you will need to find creative ways to express your love for each other. Honestly, I have never seen anyone survive this kind of attack. Part of me wants to say that she was lucky but another part of me thinks it would have been a kinder softer way had she not survived. It's my guess that youve come here to blood bond with her so that she might fight for her life I want to urge you to reconsider.
Katie will struggle forever with what was done to her. She may fight to stay with you if you blood bond but she and her wolf will never really be mentally fine. It would be better if you allow us to keep her restrained until she is ready to have the pups. Then we can release her and let nature take its course. The doctor waited for his statement to penetrate before he cleared his throat and continued
Let me take you to her room. You will have plenty of privacy to do whatever it is you believe us best. No matter what or who comes out of the room you have the pack behind you
Even after the doctor told me what to expect when they opened the door to room Katies room I was still shocked when I looked at her. The sight of her damaged body caused a ripple of pain to shoot through me hard enough to knock me to my knees. My beautiful Katie had shackles on both wrists and her one undamaged leg. The stump leg had a strap running across it that I could only hope was for medical reasons. I took in the sight of her empty eye socket, her cleanly shaved and felt vomit in the back of my throat.
I continued to look at her and realized the eye she had left shone with a kind of insanity. Her lips were peeled and showed me an almost completely toothless mouth. I could also see the various tubes and needles hanging out of her arms, legs and one even coming from an incision in her stomach. The amount of pain and horror Katie must have endured floored me. I took a deep breath and moved closer to the bed.
She looked up at me and growled. I could see her body shaking and I know she was desperately trying to shift into her wolf. Her body was swinging from side to side and the bed was bouncing from the force of her movement. She looked insane and dangerous. I knew it was nothing more than a defense mechanism. I leaned down so that my lips were touching her ear and whispered to her
I love you Katie. I am so sorry this happened. This is my entire fault. We should have married in Vegas and avoided all of this. I will never let anyone or anything harm you again. You have my word as your mate.
Then I tore open my wrist and pushed the blood into her mouth. I could hear her heart beating erratically and her breathing was ragged and irregular. Once my blood filled her mouth and she was forced to swallow she immediately began to calm. While she was distracted I bit down on her shoulder and drank her blood while leaving my mark. The moment our blood bond was complete I felt Katie still and become almost serene. Our bond slipped easily into place and knew immediately that my wolf and Katie had been right all along. Katie was my true mate.
Our emotions flared and I felt my wolf and hers become one. I pulled away once I finished my mark and looked into her eyes. She appeared almost coherent for a moment before her eyes clouded over and closed. I could hear her heart beating steadily and assumed she had slipped into a deep sleep. I chalked it up to a drain of emotions from the past few days and from the bonding. I felt tears slide down my face as I removed the shackles from her wrists and ankles and prepared to take my mate home.
CHAPTER 18
(Ramonas POV)
I could hear Ena on the phone with my beloved and I wished that I too could say something. Im not sure what I would say I guess I would have to start with some kind of lame apology. It was after all it was one hundred percent my fault. I couldnt hear Joels voice through the phone but I could tell that the conversation wasnt going as Ena had hoped. She was in the process of explaining the different options. I watched as she walked farther away so that I couldnt even hear her side of the conversation. I figured it was probably because she wanted to tell him the back-up plan.
They think I dont know, but Ive known about the backup plan that they were desperately trying to keep secret from me almost as long as theyve been coming here. Im not sure how much time had passed since the first time Kenyan had come back with Ena firmly in tow but the two of them continued to come back day after day. I was able to communicate with Ena and that made things so much easier. In some ways despite the fact that I was stuck in a marble statue the past few days were the best I had in many years.
Being with Ena and Kenyan reminded me of my youth. I had been so bitter and allowed good times with good family to pass me by without ever once just appreciating what I did have. I knew that Kenyan, Ena and even Kenyans wife Leona were all working very hard at finding a solution to my problem. Each and every one of them had their own set of complications and issues that needed to be worked out. I knew the details of each and every one and thought that pigs would fly before any of their plans came to fruition.
 The back-up plan was basically setting my soul free and allowing me to pass from this world to the next. The plan seemed to scare the bejesus out of Kenyan and Ena but to some extent it seemed the most plausible and least complicated of all the plans. I knew Ena and Kenyan would exhaust every possibility before agreeing to set me free. They would stop at nothing to chase down every possibility. They would turn over every rock and shake every tree before shifting to the back-up.
Kenyans plan focused around getting my body back and restoring me to my rightful place. He wanted to use the same Fae magic that stole my body in the first place. Making it happen however seemed like insurmountable odds. Too many things would need to fall into place. First, they would need to be able to capture and contain my body. That might sound easy for ancient vampires to achieve however; there is a very clever and also very ancient Fae in residence, which also seems to have the ability to perform big time magic that should be impossible.
Kenyan has applied pressure and called in favors to every one of his known vampire allies. He has them on high alert to find and capture my body. He initially asked favors from some of his wolf friends as well then changed his mind since the wolves tended to attack first and ask questions later. Despite hundreds of strong, smart vampires searching for her she continued to keep them all guessing at every turn. Each time someone thought they had her trapped she would pull a new rabbit from the hat. Truth be told I almost admired the fucking bitch. She proved to be more elusive than the infamous unicorns.
Not that her escaping capture is our biggest problem. Even if they grabbed her today we dont have the actual spell. When she bolted with my body she also took her Grimoire with her. All we have is a vague memory of the spell Kenyan claims he saw performed once while he was still in his youth. He honestly believes he could recreate it if given the chance. No one else however including me has his level of confidence. We are praying that Valesca will have the Grimoire in her possession when we catch her.
If she does then we have the biggest of all our problems. How we are going to get her to agree to vacate my body. The entire spell is predicated on the soul giving its permission for the spell. Valesca cant possibly be fooled. Kenyans answer of course is mind control and or torture. He thinks he is strong enough to make her do anything he wants. Failing that his believes even a small amount of physical pain will make her cave. Leona and Ena arent nearly as confident.
They think the Fae will be resistant to his mind control and strong enough to push through any pain wed be willing to commit. She is too smart not to realize the torture would be limited to things that wouldnt create permanent damage. She has my body and will know that I want it back in perfect condition therefore has the advantage. I disagree and pointed out our best chance of getting her agreement was if we could offer her a suitable alternative. Perhaps if we were able to fool another vampire into vacating his or her own body Valesca might choose their instead. That however created its very own list of issues that we would need to overcome.
Issue one, who would be willing to trick a fellow vampire out of their body? None of the three people currently in the crappy burned down warehouse with me. I would but nobody but Ena can see or hear me. Issue two, even if we could find a vampire willing to trick his fellow vampire out of a body which vampire would we trick? Issue three, lets say we all lose our conscience and manage to steal a suitable body for the Fae whats to stop us from cutting off its head as soon as we finish the spell? Nothing and thats what the friggen Fae is going to think. Which brings us back to the insurmountable problem of getting her agreement?
Bottom line, I agree with Ena and Leona that Kenyans ideas of getting Valesca to agree are slated for failure and no one is even willing to try my idea. Not that I think any of their plans or even mine will really work. Enas is with Kenyan right up to getting Valesca to agree. She has her own ideas of how to get her out of my body. If she can actually find the spell she needs I think her plan has a little more merit than her fathers.
Basically, Enas idea picks up once we have Valesca trapped. From there Ena recommends we utilize a Gypsy spell that would trap and allow us to kill Valescas soul. The major issue is she no longer has access to the details of the spell. According to Ena, when she was still a human and socializing with the other young Gypsy girls she can recall a female in the camp that performed the spell. Ena explained it as something similar to the genie in the bottle concept. I basically forces Valescas soul to stay attached to an inanimate object. Then when you destroy the object her soul goes with it leaving a perfectly healthy body behind for me to re-inhabit. That however is where the problem comes in. No one has any idea how to get me back in there without the Fae spell.
Leona however has a completely different take. She thinks we need to bargain with the Fae and come to different terms. She suggests we allow her to keep my body and promise to never pursue or try to kill her in exchange for a copy of the Grimoire spell. She believes if we have the spell she can replicate it and place me in a new human body. Basically they would find someone that just died and whose soul has already been released then through magic and medicine they would revive it so I could have the body.

Leona believes her approach is the best possible solutions. She has even listed out multiple reasons why it has more value than recovering my own body. She cites the wolves reaction to hunting me even as a favor to Kenyan as the case in point. Even when they know that I am sorry for my past actions and intend to make up for my past they still tried to kill first. The wolves will never believe my intentions are anything but adversarial. The years my body has left are marked. I have caused too many problems for the wolf packs to forgive and forget. She believes a new body could be a new start for me and my beloved Joel.
I think she just might be right but I dont want to die. Any human will only have a couple of hundred years at best. Even with Joel feeding me his hybrid blood I will eventually grow old and die. No matter how long I have it will still feel too short. When I press Leona about the human body she always answers in a voice that clearly has hidden sorrow laced deeply within it
It is better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all. Trust me Ramona; you will want to know Joels love even if it is only for a few hundred years
I think to some degree Leona might just be right. As much as I would love to have forever I think my choices are probably just a few years with Joel or no years. I looked over at Ena and was surprised to see her sobbing. Her eye makeup made large black smudges and I could tell that she was in high distress. I watched as Leona and Kenyan ran to her side. I watched them all begin conversing adamantly before I watched Leona begin to cry as well.
I couldnt hear anything they were saying and was starting to panic on what they could have learned. I knew it had to be about me since they kept glancing in the direction of the statue. Finally after what felt like hours they slowly started making their way back towards me. The moment I knew Ena could hear me I immediately demanded
What is it? What happened? Did she manage to get my body killed?
I watched as Ena began to cry in earnest all over again before finally saying in so quietly I could only pray I misheard
Hes already blood bonded with his wolf mate Katie. Her sobbing got louder and between large breaths she continued her voice filled with sorrow and regret
He wont come to see you Ramona, not even to say goodbye. He told me he intends to hunt Valesca but only to destroy her. He thinks we should help you to move onto the next life
CHAPTER 19
(Ramona's POV)
I knew my words fell on deaf ears. Nothing I said to Ena made her change her mind. I'd begged her for days to have Leona perform the spell that would set my soul free and allow me to leave this earth. Ena refused to agree with me and worse she lied when Leona and Kenyan asked what I desired.
She told them I wanted a fresh start and a new body. She said I wanted to move forward with Leona's plan. That if we could get our hands on a spell that I wanted a chance to start over in a new body. That's why I was in the cargo bed of an airplane on my way to Florida.
It turns out Joel's rejection wasn't the only thing Ena had learned on the phone. Apparently Katie Joel's wolf mate was severely injured and Leona had decided she needed to personally attend her. From what I overheard Leona was the best physician in the world. She regularly performed miracles.
I listened aptly while Kenyan heralded the skills of his wife. Apparently she used both science and magic to heal her patience. I didn't hear the details of what was wrong with Katie but based on Leona's reaction I had to assume the damages were severe. I wasn't usually a petty person but after being rejected for a third time part of me hoped she was suffering as much as I was.
I was told that I would be off loaded and sent to Ena's private residence in Florida. That I would stay with Ena while Leona helped Katie and Kenyan looked for the spell. If I had lips and lungs I would have made a dramatic sigh showing my displeasure at their plan.
I heard the cargo door close and was intermediately dropped into pure darkness. I can't recall anything ever being so dark. I'm not sure why but without my physical eyes I couldn't see the way I did as a vampire. It was like I was already seeing through the eyes of a human again.
I sat in the dark desperately trying not to remember how I'd being human. I prayed they never found the spell and they were forced to let me go. I couldn't go back to being so vulnerable. I'd been hurt and abused as a vampire but even the terror the wolves put me through was nothing compared to the horror I endured as a small human child. With any luck Kenyan would fail in his mission and they would be forced to let me go.
(Joel's POV)
I was leaving home and I wasn't sure if I was ever really going to come back. I loved and hated her at the same time. I was so confused every time I looked at Katie. Seeing her empty eye socket and missing leg reminded me of the pain she endured for my life. I owed her so more than what I was capable of giving her. I should be bathing her in love and attention yet I found it hard to be in the same room with her for more than a few minutes.
Each time she looked up at me with the pain and sorrow so clearly written on her face I felt the guilt twist in my stomach like a knife. I often allowed myself to shift into my wolf and lie at her feet. Unlike me, my wolf was perfectly content to be in her company. In fact every time I forced him to leave the room he would whine and cry and drive me nuts.
I hated that she was my true mate and that I'd never really believed her. I hated that my soul was repulsed by her love while my wolf reveled in it. I hate that I seemed to be two different people with two different souls stuck in the same body.
My GG Pop Kenyan said that was actually a possibility. My GG Pop claims it was bad magic that was done hundreds of thousands of years ago the tore all souls in half. He claims that both my wolf and my blood may have different souls.
GG Pop believes one soul lives within my wolf and came into existence the moment we were conceived from my birth father's sperm and my mothers egg. He believes the other half of that soul resides inside of Katie and her wolf.
Then, when they performed the unnatural act of magic and science to save my mamma while I was in her womb another soul was given life. This one came from the blood that made me a vampire. It was born the moment my cells converted and I became a hybrid. It is that soul that claims Ramona's soul as it's other half.
He says that I am like Kalli Sven and can only be satisfied if both have are healed. He has been nagging at me since the moment he came here to change my mind about seeing Ramona. He thinks that I will torture myself for all eternity if I don't make things right with Katie and Ramona.
I won't let him see it but I already know the truth of his words. The soul that resides in my blood punishes me daily for refusing to see Ramona. In some ways it's like she is haunting me. I can feel her presence and every now and then I actually think I can reach out and touch it.
I have begged both my Grams and GG Pop to help Ramona to find peace and to leave me out of it. I keep lying to them and saying that I don't want her and never did. Now that I am blood bonded to Katie my soul is satisfied and can't feel anything for Ramona.
The reason I force myself to keep lying is because I want it to be the truth. I want to feel whole and believe that I can love Katie but I don't. My wolf loves her and wants nothing but to be in her presence but I secretly am scared to death that I hate her and everything she represents.
I know I already hate the child that grows within her womb. I am ashamed that I do but I can't help myself. It was conceived in violence, deceit and anger. It is not my child and I'm not sure I will ever be able to feel anything but disgust when I see it.

I cringe every time Katie asks me to touch her stomach and feel the child kick. I've have to swallow back vomit on more than one occasion. I have hard time pretending to care. Not once since I brought Katie home have I called her my mate or the child anything but hers.
My Dad already figured it out. He approached me just last night and flat out asked me what was wrong between Katie and me. I lied to him too. I said it was the guilt of seeing her deformed body and knowing what the men did to her. I claimed I was full of anger and vengeance and wanted to seek retribution on her behalf.
I also told him how the child just served to remind me on a daily basis of how I failed to protect her. That my wolf was angry on a daily basis that she her belly was filled with a pup that was not our own.
He claimed to understand but looked at me with a kind of shame and pain in his eyes. I knew my dad wasn't my sperm donor and probably felt I diminished his love for me. That however didn't stop him from hugging me in a sign of love and comfort. The moment we pulled from the embrace he questioned me on why I prefer to have my wolf in command more often than not.
I again lied this time I placed the blame on my wolf. I said my wolf needed to be near her in order to be calm. That he was constantly worried that someone or something else would hurt her. I didn't have the heart to tell him that being in Katie's presence repulsed me. I could see the worry on his face and I was shocked when he offered me his advice.
"Son, you need to do what you need to do. Why not use this time while Leona is here trying to heal your mate and hunt down those who harmed. Get justice boy and then you can be at peace and find happiness with your mate and child.
We have several leads on the group that had you captured. We have also identified all twenty two men that were in the bar and participated in brutalizing your mate. If it were me I would hunt down each and every one of them and remove their family jewels. Death is to kind for them. Katie lives with what they did to her they should have to also."
My wolf couldn't agree more with my dad. It heard his words and immediately begged me to start the hunt. He loved the idea of finding and maiming her attackers in ways that would cause them pain for the remainder of their lives. He all but bounced out of my skin with joy at retribution. He felt it would be a great honor to seek revenge on Katie's behalf.
The idea of leaving home and not coming back until I found and destroyed the lives of all twenty two men was enough to convince me as well. I threw the last pair of jeans into my duffel bag and left the house. I felt tremendous relief the moment I was away from her. I never even took the time to let my wolf say goodbye to his mate.
CHAPTER 20
(Katies POV)
I knew that Joel was having a hard time being around me. He was foolish to think that his wolf and mine didnt communicate. They had ways that went beyond words. Our wolves shared everything. My wolf didnt keep the hard cold facts from me. I knew Joel had a hard time looking at my damaged dirty body and I couldnt blame him. No man in his right mind would ever want to touch me after what has happened to me. I am impure and filthy and I understand his disgust.
I also know that he absolutely hates the vial foul thing now growing without my consent within my womb. I knew he didnt want to have to pretend to be the daddy of a monster. He wanted his own flesh and blood babies and this thing inside of me wasnt his. I totally agree with him. I wish Id been successful when I tried to rid myself of it the first couple of times. I didnt want the child of one of those men. I was sure it would be a monster like them.
I tried to be a good wolf and I know I brought Satan down on myself. It was my own foolishness that caused the issue in the first place. But havent I paid for my sins. Wasnt just the way the used and abused me enough. Must I pay more? Why would god make me responsible for bringing such a vile and nasty creature into the world? I was constantly searching and trying to find ways to end its life.
 My wolf and Joels wolf had a lot of conversation about how to rid ourselves of the unwanted creature. Ever since Joel brought me home I was treated like a broken doll. I was watched day and night. I couldnt so much as breathe loud without someone running in and checking on me. With this many people around I didnt think I would get another chance to try and self-abort.
I took another deep breath and forced myself to look at Sophia and Leona. They were sitting with me yet again talking about different medical approaches Leona would like to take. She cited her success with Sophia as a reason to consider vampire blood. She felt it was my best chance at growing both my eye and my leg back. I smiled politely again and declined.
There was no way I was going to take a chance that the procedure would turn the foul disgusting beast inside of me into an invincible killer. Nothing they could say or do will change my mind. I know if I am responsible for creating mans nightmare Joel will never come back to me. The only way we will ever have the happiness we deserve is when the child dies. Someday, somehow I know I will find a way to kill it and gain Joels respect back.
I was probably the only person other than Joel that knew the real truth. His wolf told me everything. I Joel was leaving to find the men who hurt me. Joel planned on finding and torturing every single one of them. His wolf told me that when they were done with the men they too would be trapped in a bed going to the bathroom through a tube. He bring me back my honor. With the men punished or dead my spirit would be cleansed.
It pleased me that Joel loved me enough to want revenge and return my dignity. I too however I needed to do my part. It was up to me to get rid of it. Somehow before he returned home I needed to make sure that I killed it. I just knew in my heart that Joel would never come back to me as long as the damn thing lived.
Thats why I declined having any medical procedures that involved vampire blood. I simply could not take the chance that it would make it invincible. I however never say that out loud to anyone anymore. I learned my lesson. I told Leona the truth and she looked like her head was going to explode. She was indignant and suggested that the trauma has left me confused. That all children are born of god no matter how they were conceived blah blah blah. I think shes nuts and I am right but I dont say it anymore. As a result I now have to see a therapist on a daily basis on top of the new medications they force me to take to keep me calm.
Now, when they come in and talk about medical procedures I just flat out refuse. I give them no reason and agree to nothing. In truth I am looking forward to going through the procedure and possibly getting a new eye and leg but I will wait until the beast is no longer in my body. Joels wolf has agreed with me. Hes even made Joel tell them that all risky procedures can wait until its been born.
Leonas continued to speak and I could tell that he words were making Sophia uncomfortable. I forced myself to focus on her words. If they were making Sophia happy perhaps it was something important that I needed to hear.
So with Joel off on business I thought this would be a great time to get some of the more important procedures done. Well start tonight with the baths. With any luck by the time he returns you will have a new leg and a new eye
What? Did she just basically tell me I no longer have a choice? That if Joel isnt here to stop them they are going to do their experiments on me anyway? Bull. I would show them. They already think Im nuts Ill just play up the crazy. With that in mind I allowed myself to remember the things they did to me. The way they used my body and the pain each and every one of them caused me.
You are going to force me just like them? You are taking my choices away. Am I no longer worthy or capable of choosing for myself? How are you any better than the men that rapped me repeatedly over and over again? Why do you get to choose whats right for me? They thought they were doing the right thing too? Who made the two of you god? Wheres Jessie? Wheres Ena or Kenyan? Do they know how you plan to take my rights away? This is wrong and you know it!
Then I allowed myself to cry the tears that Id been holding back. I screamed like the devil himself was in the room with me. I shouted like the end of the world was upon us. And I flung my body from side to side like I was possessed by a demon. When I expended all the energy I had shifted into my wolf and started all over again.
During my outburst Ena and Kenyan bust into the room. They were all screaming questions and trying to calm me down at the same time. I knew the moment Sophia and Leona realized they should never have told me they were going to force me. I could see the defeat in Sophias eyes; Leona too looked contrite and ashamed. Just as it looked like one or both of them might have tried manipulate me mentally my therapist Jessie walked into the room. I used that to start all over again. I shifted back into my human form now naked and covered in sweat and blood from the painful shift and started to carry on all over again. I wanted to make the biggest scene I could to make sure they never considered forcing me again.
My therapist Jessie sealed the deal. She told them they had single handedly undone all the good shed managed to accomplish in the past several weeks. Then she pointed out the obvious that I will in no real pain and that the loss of my eye and leg were not life and death. Under no circumstances was it acceptable to force someone to undergo treatment that was experimental and possibly dangerous to my unborn fetus. That did the trick. I knew that I had accomplished my goals.
Even better I realized I could use this event as a catalyst. It was possible I could use this as a way to finally get some privacy and just maybe the opportunity to get rid of the beast. Just to feel out how far I might take this I whimpered in my broken voice
I want to leave. I want to go home to my own apartment. They keep me here like a prisoner. Ive committed no crime yet I am watched day and night. How can I ever feel safe when they just threatened to hurt me just like the men? I am a wolf and I deserve to be treated with respect. Help me Jessie please. They were going to manipulate my mind so they could get their own way. Call the Alpha and ask him to send someone to pick me up. I belong with pack not here.
I knew I made my point and that every single one of them learned a valuable lesson. I also knew that there was no way any of them could stop me from going. I saw Jessie nod and knew that before the sun set I would be safely back on pack grounds.
CHAPTER 21
(Joel's POV)
It took me four days to track down my first lead. I was in and out of every shady bar between Vegas and Reno. His name is Brendan. He's an alpha without a pack. He's described by those who have had the unfortunate luck to have come in contact with him as Dangerous, volatile and rouge. He's a trained combat specialist and strategist.
He was proud of his coalition membership and bragged about capturing and torturing a hybrid. He was definitely one of the men in the bar. He stood over six feet four and weighed in at two hundred and fifty pounds or more. He was unshaven and even from here I could smell days of sweat on his body.
His sandy brown hair was shoulder length and he had it tied in a knot at the nape of his neck. He was wearing a dirty wet t-shirt that had once been white and a pair of striped boxer shorts.
My sources were able to confirm despite his dirty and unkempt appearance Brendan is the brains behind the Vegas operations. He was the one who gave the order to kidnap and kill Alpha Glen's son. He also was the one who invited Alpha Glen to New York. He stood in that mans face and pretended to care about his child when in truth he was the one responsible.
Brendan was the first of my many targets within the coalition. I already had several other members. Most of them reporting into Brendan. I wanted leaders not followers and I intended to interrogate Brendan. I was sure he could give me the names and locations of the other ringleaders.
I found myself holding my breath as I watched Brendan moves through his paces. Just as my informant promised Brendan walked outside just a few minutes before sunrise and launched into training exercises.
He grunted kicked, punched and lifted weights. It was clear after the first thirty minutes that he had no idea anyone was watching him. After he went through what I assumed were his karate routine he lowered himself to the ground and began a deep breathing exercise.
Not wanting him to get a whiff of my scent I double checked the wind patterns. Once I was confident I was still upwind I relaxed and watched him twist his body into some yoga position then he closed his eyes and I assume started meditating.
After a few minutes of watching I decided that this was as good an opportunity as I was going to get. So I lowered myself from the roof and slowly crept towards Brendan.
Like Katie, Brendan never had a chance to defend himself. I ripped his arm from the socket and beat him with the bloody stump. I took him into his dwelling and tied him to his bed. Then I started asking the questions that would bring me to the others.
Each time he declined answering I used and incredibly dull kitchen knife and made the cut on his leg just a tiny bit deeper. I wanted to make sure I caused as much pain as possible removing his leg. I would drag the process out over hours. I would get justice for Katie. An arm for an arm and a leg and innocence for pain.
It was more than three hours before I felt he told me everything I could learn. He gave me the names of two other men that reported to him that participated in ruining Katie. I would make them my next two targets before moving on to Arizona and another ring leader.
Brendan's leg was spewing blood and I thought he would likely die if I didn't stop the bleeding. Deciding that cauterizing his leg stump was my best option I looked around for the materials I needed.
I pulled Brendan off the bed by his good leg and drug him into the kitchen. I laid him out on the kitchen table and turned on the stove. I threw a cast iron lid on the burner and waited for it to glow orange. Then I forced him to pick it up with his good hand and press it against his stump to burn the wound closed.
The pain forced him to pass out. I turned on the cold water in the sink and filled a glass of water. I wanted Brendan awake and very aware of everything I did to him. He sputtered awake and immediately started to beg for his life.
I asked him if Katie begged them to stop. I saw his face flame red and stripped him naked. Then I retrieved the same dull knife I used to hack off his leg and separated Brendan from everything that made him a man. After today Brendan would never want to touch a woman again. I left him bruised, bloodied and barely alive with the steak knife embedded in his colon. My last words as I left his home was
"Be sure to warn your coalition buddies. I am going to do the exact same thing to every single one of them as I've done to you. If they were smart they'd take their own lives before I get to them."
Then I slapped his backside hard then added just for emphasis
"Thank you for being so cooperative. I'm sure with all the great information you gave me I won't have any problems. If I did I guess I could come back and you and I could have another friendly little chat."
I stepped out of his house and into the setting sun. I was covered head to toe in Brendan's blood but didn't really give a crap. I walked back to the sleazy hotel I'd been staying at and stripped naked and climbed into the shower.
I felt tears leak from my eyes as I scrubbed myself raw. I'd trained to save lives not damage and destroy them. Part of me knew what I was doing was wrong but I knew I had to finish what I started. My wolf didn't share my disgust. He yipped with joy each time Brendan had screamed in pain.
At times throughout the day I had allowed myself to withdraw and let my wolf take over. The water in the shower got cold and I managed to drag myself out. I wrapped a towel around my waist and walked back into the bedroom.
I heard a buzzing sound and remembered my cell was still in the dresser drawer. I pulled open the drawer and looked at the caller ID. It was either my mom or dad. I slide my finger across the red icon and declined the call. I was in no mood to fake a pleasant call with anyone.
A few seconds later I heard the phone beep and knew they left me a voice mail. I punched in the code and listened to the message
"Joel, it's your mom. I called to tell you that Katie has gone back to live on pack grounds. We made a mistake and scared her. We only meant to do what was best for her but it backfired on us.
Call me Joel so I can explain. You should probably also call the Alpha and check in on her. He's refusing to tell us anything. He's pissed off that we tried to force a member of his pack to undergo experimental medicine.
Joel, you know we just wanted to help her heal. Leona is convinced she can help Katie grow her leg and eye back. We might even be able to heal the internal damage. Please help us Joel. Katie deserves to be whole again. You know she will do anything you ask."
The message beeped indicating that my mom had run out of time. I dropped the phone on the bed and took a deep breath. My mom was right Katie did deserve to be whole. I should call and tell to do the procedure.
I lifted the phone in my hand and pushed in the Raritan Alpha's number. It rang twice before I quickly slid my finger over the red icon and hung up. Tomorrow I would call. I just wasnt ready to hear Katie's voice yet. I didn't want to hear the pain in her voice if she asked when I was coming home.
My wolf would want to rush home to protect and care for her. I couldn't let that to happen. I had to do this and I couldn't allow my shame or remorse stop me. I needed to do this for Katie, myself and even Ramona. I would be stronger once I made sure the other two guys here in Vegas were taken care of. Then I would call and tell Katie to do the procedure.
CHAPTER 22
(Katies POV)
Ouch
I shouted again as I the doctor shoved the needle into my leg.
Sorry about that little miss. No way could I take the sting out of that. Insulin has a little bite to it. Gestational diabetes is common. Im betting that your recent trauma and the pregnancy are the cause. I think it will clear itself up once you have the baby. In the meantime, Im going to show you how to give yourself the daily injection.
I looked up at the pack doctor and tried to sort through the hundreds of things I wanted to say. Now that I was living on pack grounds I was able to see the pack doctor. I felt a tremendous sense of relief that I would be able to make my own decisions and not have his family force their morals and standards on me. I wanted to know if not carrying the baby was still an option. I know that I was a bit further in my term than optimal but perhaps given my circumstances the doctor would agree to do the procedure. With that in mind I cleared my throat and looked him dead in the eye.
How much do you know about my current trauma? Do you know that the child within me is a result of that trauma? Did you know that I was brutalized and raped by more than twenty wolves?
I stopped just long enough for my words to cause the doctor to become visibly uncomfortable. I watched him swallow and knew that I had his full attention when he nodded ever so slightly.
I dont want to give myself daily insulin injections for the next several months. In fact, I think you know that I dont want this baby at all. To me it is a reminder of the pain I have already survived. I believe that it is cruel and unusual punishment to force me to carry the monster within me to full term. Please tell me that you will provide me with a solution
I allowed the tears to flow down my cheeks and land on the crisp white paper on the examining table. I watched the doctor flinch and swallow hard before he said
Katie, I am well aware of your circumstances and I must agree with you that carrying an unwanted child of this nature to full term is a huge burden no one should have forced on you. If you had come to me last month or even two weeks ago I could have performed the procedure with no risk to your health. Now however if we were to try we would be placing your own life in danger. I am so sorry to have to tell you its not possible at this time.
I heard his words but thought that the old coot was being overly precautious so I upped my dramatics and allowed myself to moan as if in pain and the tears drastically increased as I said between loud sobs
Please doctor you have to help me. You are my only hope. I would have come but I was forced against my will to keep the child. My mates family had me committed to a hospital where they tied me to a bed. They took away my choices and forced me to agree to keep the child. Then when I came home with my mate they told me how they wanted to give me experimental treatment that could kill me and make the baby some kind vampire hybrid thing. What if it turns out to be evil like the men who raped and brutalized me? You have to help me please.
By the time I finished speaking my voice was almost a screech. It was like nails scratching up and down a chalk board. I knew that my tears and words cut through to the old doctors heart. He was looking at me with sympathy and sorrow in his old eyes. I watched as he reached out and rested his hand on my shoulder. I watched closely as he took a shallow breath of air and his body trembled. Then I smelled his fear before he said in a voice that was shaking
I cant do it without risking retribution from your mates family. They knew you would approach me and have already made it very clear that I was not to terminate your pregnancy.
I felt my own hysteria building. I had thought to woo him to my side but now realizing that he was going to decline helping me I felt trapped and started to shake. My anger rising at Joels self-righteous holy than thou family. How dare they decide what is best for me and my body! I felt real tears of anger and frustration building in my arms as my heart rate increased. I watched the old doc put his finger to his lips then touch his ear before he said to me in tone that was so quiet I had to struggle to hear him
Take these pills home with you. Take four and drink two glasses of water. When the cramps start take four more. Try to move around the house as much as possible, when the bleeding starts call me not Joels family.
Then he raised his tone and said
I really wish I could help you more. I understand having the baby is not your choice but honesty all life is precious. Go home for the night and rest. I can teach you to give yourself the insulin injections tomorrow.
Then he patted my back and opened the exam room. To my surprise Darien, Joels father was sitting in the waiting room waiting to take me home. I looked over at him then turned back to the doctor. I smiled at him before saying loud enough for Darien to hear me
You are just as bad as the rest of them. I would have thought that at least you would have understood my pain and shame.
Then I shoved the crutches under my arm and hobbled past Darien. When Darien stood and followed me out of the door I turned towards him and said
You may be the father of my true mate but you are not my family. Stay away from me. You and your mate caused this to happen to me. Everything that is wrong with my life is a direct result of either yours or Sophias actions.
Its your fault those wolves tore me into pieces and used my body for their pleasure. You had them create the perfume and you never told me it wouldnt have a smell. It was your plan that sent me into the bar.
Then when you found me beaten and raped instead of taking me to a pack doctor and having them abort the baby you took me to a mental hospital and had them tie me down. I had rights. You had no right to force this baby on me. Then when Joel finally comes home and bonds with me you chase him away again telling him he needs resolution. Well screw you and your mate. You have done enough to ruin my life. I dont want either of you anywhere near me.
My words did the trick. I watched the pain my words caused him flutter across his face before he took a huge step back from me. I turned my back on him and quickly placed the pill bottle the pack doctor gave me into the pocket of my skirt. I made my way home and closed and locked the door behind me. The moment I was sure I was alone I swallowed four of the little red pills and swallowed down two glasses of water.
Then I started pacing back and forth from the kitchen to the living room. After an hour I started to get heavy cramps in my stomach. I smiled and swallowed down the other four pills.
(Joels POV)
Joel, I think you should come home. It would be best for Katie and the baby. I know that you believe you cant be with Katie until youve avenged her but she needs you now.
I halfheartedly listened to my dad. I know that he believed coming home was the right thing to do but I couldnt disagree more. I had no intention of going back to Florida yet. As far as I was concerned they had everything under control. There wasnt really much I could do. Katie was in stable condition and the baby was getting all the care it could. I trusted the pack doctor. He was good and would do everything he could to help my mate and the baby. I was too close to blowing the whole organization wide open. If I stopped now they could pull back and go into hiding. I kept my voice even when I said back to him
Dad, thanks for calling but Im confident between GG Mom and the doc Katie and the baby are in good hands. Im so close to getting all of them I just cant come home right now. Cant you and mom step up and help me out here. I just need a little more time
Joel, I didnt want you to find this out over the phone but, Katie is rejecting the babe. She wont look at it. She even refused to name it. Shes confused and needs you to come home and help her connect with the baby. This is your child too. Come home Joel, I know you think making the men pay is important but your mate and babe are more important right now.
I hated what my father said. He tried to use guilt as a way of controlling me. I know that in his eyes all children are a blessing. But the truth was the way Katie felt was too close to my own true feelings. I couldnt admit it but the child wasnt mine or really even hers. It was a byproduct of violence and shame. I just wasnt ready to come home yet and make this work. I took a deep breath and said
Dad, I hear you but I cant come home yet. Dont worry about Katie and the baby. If you and mom cant help out just hire one of the childless pack members to care for it.
I paused realizing that I had never even asked if the baby was a female or male. Honestly I didnt care. Whatever sex it was as far as I was concerned it was just going to be a burden that Katie and I had to deal with. I need just a few more weeks then Ill come home and figure something out. I sighed before continuing
Listen dad I have a lead and I have to be somewhere in the next fifteen minutes so I gotta go. Ill call you later this week. Love you then I quickly hung up the phone before my father had a chance to respond
(Leonas POV)
She is not going with strangers. She is coming home with us.
I looked again at the alpha before continuing in a professional voice
My husband and I are more than capable of fostering her until Joel comes home. I understand Katie has made it very clear that she doesnt want the baby and that she is adamant that Sophia and Darien are nowhere near it. I can promise you that my husband and I are more than capable of taking care of the baby. I raised six of my own wolf cubs with Kenyan at my side through much of it. Not to mention that I am a trained medical doctor and the most equipped to handle her unique medical issues.
Her heart and lungs are severely under developed and she likely is going to have a very short life. Shes had four strokes already and her little brain is more than sixty percent damaged. We all know that she has no chance of making it to adulthood. I want to give her joy for whatever little life she has. She may have been conceived in pain but she shouldnt have to live that way.
Kenyan and I can ease her pain and give her some tiny bit of happiness. Please let us do that for her. If it turns out that when Joel comes home he too declines parenting her, then she will be adopted into a very loving family. If you give us the baby we promise to leave Florida with her today and not return unless Joel requests that we give her back
I stared down the alpha and begged him with my eyes not to disagree with me. I watched him swallow several times before he answered
I spoke with the father earlier today and while he said he was heartbroken that his mate still didnt want interaction with the pup he understood. Said that given its medical condition it was probably better she didnt get attached anyway. Then told me to allow the baby to be adopted but to a family outside of Florida. He was very clear he never wanted to find out where the child went.
He looked up and made a hand motion towards Kenyan. Then continued
Im going to do this against my better judgment. You can take the babe but you need to do the procedure on Katie first. Now, what do you want to name the babe?
I looked over at Kenyan then we both said together
Rachel
CHAPTER 23
(Katies POV)
Oh God Leona, it itches so much! I had no idea that it was going to be this difficult. Im really glad that its working and I am regenerating my body parts, but for some reason I hadnt expected to want to pull the damn thing out myself. Isnt there anything you can give me to cut down on the pain?
I screamed at Leona for the sole purpose of driving my point home. I knew that she had plenty of ways to ease my discomfort she was just punishing me on purpose. She wanted to make me suffer for trying to kill the monster. I knew my alpha had given her and Kenyan custody of it. I also knew that they were planning on giving it to another family up north to adopt.
They think because of what happened to me that Im stupid. They couldnt be more wrong. Ive always been smart and now that Ive suffered and come through the other side I am also cunning. I almost got away with getting rid of it and making it look like an accident. If not for Joels interfering parents I would have succeeded in ridding the world of an atrocity. Its a shame that Darien had been lingering around outside of my apartment. If he hadnt smelled the blood the damn thing wouldnt have survived. Instead Darien burst through my door and dragged me back to his place so Leona could save it.
I still smiled just thinking about my Alphas reaction when he learned. He was so angry that he had spittle coming from his mouth when he came to collect me and the monster. In fact, he was so angry the he refused to allow Darien and Sophia to keep it. He was furious that they kidnapped me off of pack territory and he agreed they had no rights to a pack born baby. In fact, he only relented to have Leona and Kenyan take the baby after they promised to never allow Darien or Sophia to have any no contact.
Well, I suppose I can give you some of the blood orally, that should make you feel euphoric enough that the itching shouldnt bother you at all. In fact, I will leave a pint in the fridge; you can rub it on your lips whenever you feel pain or discomfort.
I watched Leona pause and look around the room before her eyes resettled on mine. Her lips were pinched together showing clear disapproval before she said in a voice so quite I had to strain to hear it.
I used to think you were sweet girl, just a little misguided. I know now that you are twisted and were even before this happened to you
She paused and used her hand to highlight my missing limbs. Then she continued with just a bit more bite to her voice.
In a few weeks you will be physically perfect again. No one looking at you will ever be able to tell what you were forced to endure. Your demented attitude however will remain exactly as it is. I strongly suggest that you take the time to get healed emotionally and mentally.
Leonas words boiled like lava inside of me. How dare she speak to me in that condescending tone? Has she been forced to walk in my shoes for even a short period of time she would be singing a different tune? In my anger I said louder than I intended
Dont be so smug Leona. You think I dont know that you took my offspring and made it your own. The Alpha only agreed because I let him. If I asked to keep it the Alpha would hand it back to me in an instant. I wonder what would happen if I was to lay it in a crib and take a good long nap. Im wondering if its little heart could take the separation.
I knew she understood what I was insinuating. I saw her take a deep breath and her face paled slightly before she said loud enough for even my pack beta who was sitting in the waiting room to hear
Youre not just twisted your evil! I know you took something to force yourself into premature labor. I saved that baby and she is family to me now. If I ever think that you are trying to harm her I will come back in the middle of the night and cause you more pain than you could ever imagine.
I watched as she flung the door wide open and stepped out of the room. I saw my pack beta look over at her. She nodded in his direction then said loudly most likely so that I would hear her
My husband and I are leaving tonight with Rachel. We will not come back to Florida or this pack until she has moved on to the next life.
I cackled loudly at her words and screeched at her retreating back as she left the pack doctors office
Good luck Leona with the beast. Just remember bad things happen to good people all the time.
(Joels POV)
I did a double take and felt my heart slam roughly into my rib cage. I looked her in the eye and she winked at me before slowly walking towards me. I could tell she was intentionally rocking her hips to make sure each step she took was as seductive as it possibly could be. I could feel my heart rate increasing and my brow instantly beaded with a drop of sweat.
I knew the woman walking towards me wasnt my beloved it was just her body. I also knew that I needed to keep my cool long enough to get her somewhere very private and end her life. I was beyond shocked that Id stumbled upon her without even trying. Last night during my interrogation of coalition members hed claimed that he was in Texas to collect my beloved and deliver her to his superiors within the organization.
When I applied just the right amount of pressure he gave me every single detail. Where to find her, what shed been up to, even where to locate the belongings that she tried to keep secret. I knew everything I needed to make our reunion a reality. I licked my lips and smiled brightly up at her as she moved closer to me. I caught a whiff of a heavy perfume and had to force myself not to crinkle my nose. No self-respecting vampire or werewolf would ever allow themselves to stink so heavily of an artificial scent.
Oh Joel, thank god you escaped and found me. I was so worried about you. Ive missed you so much. You have no idea at how horrible it has been trying to scrape by without you. Ive had to sleep in nasty dirty little hotel rooms more than once.
It took only seconds for the Fae to use the body against me. I felt her press her lips against mine then quickly got herself thoroughly wrapped around me so that we she could bump and grind against me. It was like having sex with our clothes on in public. I was trying to keep her occupied but was becoming increasingly uncomfortable with her public show of affection and managed to pull my lips away from hers long enough to say
Oh Ramona, I missed you so much too. Lets head back to your hotel room so we can finish what youve already gotten started.
Then I took her hand and placed it over my manhood. She smiled her face full of desire and said
Follow me big boy. Then she grabbed my hand and dang near drug me to her hotel room.
She pushed open the door and my nose was assaulted with more foul smelling perfume and surprisingly mens cologne and sex. If I had to guess I would think the Fae was using the hotel room to turn tricks. I knew she was desperate for money and had refused to tap into the real Ramonas banking accounts for fear that one of the vampires searching for her would find her. I was surprised that she was stupid enough not to know that I knew the truth.
I smiled and could feel my pulse quicken with excitement. I knew she mistook my nervous anxiety for desire. That made me even happier. I waited to hear the door click before I reached behind my back and swung the Samurai sword with the intention of removing her head in one quick motion from her shoulders.
CHAPTER 24
(Joels POV)
She managed to drop to the floor just as the sword would have sliced cleanly through her neck. Then to my surprise she quickly pulled what I think was thirty three millimeter Glock from her bra. Then without even blinking she rapidly unloaded the entire content of clip into my chest. The force the bullets slamming into my chest forced me to take several steps backwards. Knowing that the bullets posed no real harm to me I couldnt help but smile as I growled out
You didnt really think that was going to slow me down did you?
She cackled and said
One could hope!
Then she launched herself to her feet while snapping in another clip. This time she aimed for my face and head. The moment the first bullet exploded in my face I knew she had a momentary advantage. While I would certainly even from face and head shots with enough bullets rattling around in my brain even I could be temporarily taken of the game. So before she had a chance to squeeze the trigger a second time, I dropped to the floor forcing her to unload the rest of the clip into the back of my head at close range.
The pain was much worse than I could have ever guessed. With each shot she took huge hunks of my brain tissue out. I felt my world blurring and new that I had sustained enough brain damage that she was most likely going to get away this time. She just needed to step over my body and out of the door for freedom. I felt her move next to me then felt her shove her hand into my crushed skull.
I pushed my eyes open despite the terrible pounding in the back of my head. I was face down on a dirty floor in a room that smelled of old sweat and sex. I could see movement out of the corner of my left eye. I tried to turn my head but pain forced me to remain still. I wracked my brain trying to remember where I was and how I came to be on the floor.
Then it hit me. The Fae had emptied several clips in the back of my head. Why was she still lingering about the dirty hotel room? If she had half a brain she would have taken off the moment I went lights out. In the least she should have been smart enough to try and cut off my head. Who knows that just might have killed me.
I watched her feet shuffle around the room and I realized she was actually taking the time to gather and pack her belongings. Based on the size of the suitcase I could see on the floor shed most likely left and gathered her other hidden objects and brought them back here. Thats when I thought of the Grimoire. I wondered if it was possible that she had it in her possession.
I heard her move towards me and I quickly closed my eye tightly together. I felt her grab the small patch of hair that was likely left on my head and examine my wounds. Then I felt and heard simultaneously several more shots before the world went dark again.
The next time I came through I was shocked to see her feet stepping over my body. If I had to guess I would have thought I was out for hours. However based on the minute progress the Fae made in her escape I would assume I was out less than a minute. I waited until she had one leg on each side of my body before I shifted. She fell abruptly to the floor. The moment she was on my level I used my strength to force her body beneath me and I growled in her face
You will die today by my hand.
I watched her swallow as she peered into my eyes. I could tell she was calculating her odds and didnt like them. Then I extended my right arm as far as possible until I connected with the hilt of my samurai sword. I pulled it into the air and prepared to remove her head. Just as I made the downward movement she made one last ditch effort to sway me by shouting
I have a spell. You could have your beloved back but you have to keep me and this body alive long enough for me to do the spell.
I heard her words and could almost even smell the truth in them. I could recall the conversation my Grams had on the phone with me so many weeks before. It suddenly all made sense, no wonder why so many vampires had been unsuccessful hunting her. They werent using deadly force. They had been hoping to recover Ramonas body without injury.
I tried to stop the downward swing. I even tried to push her out of the way of my sword. None of it mattered. I realized what was done was done. I closed my eyes on impact. I felt my sharp samurai glide through her spine like butter. I heard not saw Ramonas head roll off her shoulders and land with a thump next to my face. I forced myself to open my eyes. I looked through the stinging tears that had already started to fall at the sight before me. Then, I watched in horror as my beloveds body turn to dust and disappeared.
(Ramonas POV)
I am not sure how I knew; maybe it was because the blood and I had been together for so very long. Or maybe it was because I felt my beloveds pain cross space and time. For whatever reason I knew, a huge part of me wished I didnt know. My body was gone and all hope for our reunion died with it.
If I had physical eyes they would have had tears leaking from them. Instead in my non-corporal form the only thing I could do was mentally cry. I wailed and stomped and rattled. My soul vibrated and thrummed in pain. Then to my relief I felt myself slipping from reality and knew that like my body I would soon dissipate into nothingness.
I felt it tugging at my soul and at first I fought the pull with all that I had left inside of me. As the seconds clicked into minutes a loud roar filled my head. So loud I was barely able to hear myself think. Then I saw Ena and Leona enter the room. It was clear both of them had been crying. The moment she saw me her eyes grew three sizes and reminded me of milk saucers. Ena tried to speak but for some reason I was not able to hear or understand her. Her hands and arms were flapping around and I wondered if she was asking me to hang on or let go.
Leona looked calmer and seemed to have a purpose. I watched as she pulled out an old dirty book and flopped it open on the floor in front of her. Then like Enas her arms started moving as her mouth opened and closed. Suddenly I felt my soul being tugged and pulled in two separate directions. I tried to concentrate on what Ena and Leona were doing and realized they were attempting to cast a spell that would allow my soul to remain in this dimension without a body to anchor it.
I knew deep down in my heart and soul that wasnt something I was willing to live with. It was time for me to move on from this world and leave my pain and sorrow behind. So with the roar still booming loudly in my ears and my vision blurring I decided to give up the fight and try to leave this world.
I pushed with the last of my strength against the spell I felt Leona and Ena weaving and instead I allowed myself to drift with the original pain. It was like lying on you back in the ocean and slowly drifting from the shore. I relaxed and imagined myself saying goodbye to my loved ones.
For just a brief second I felt complete and whole. Serenity and peace wrapped itself around me and I found myself wondering if this was the satisfaction I would have had if Joel and I had been able to complete our bond. Then too tired and afraid the pain would return I allowed myself to slip completely into the darkness.
CHAPTER 25
(Joels POV)
I threw the final bag into the trunk and looked around the empty dark alley. I took a deep breath and let out a sigh as I thought to myself how it was time to go home. I knew it as clearly as I knew my own name. I wasnt ready and I still had unfinished business but given the circumstances I knew I had to head home.
The past several days had been too painful and too chaotic to keep going at this pace. I needed family to help me forget the things Id seen and worse the things Id done. Killing the Fae had been the final straw. I was morally and emotionally bankrupt. There was nothing inside of me that I was proud of anymore. I needed to go home and rediscover my place in the world.
I pulled open the car door and dropped myself into the seat. I felt a warm hot tear splash onto my cheek and knew that Id failed. I had started out thinking what I was doing was noble and would avenge the wrongs done to Katie. Now however I know nothing that Ive done was honorable and all Ive managed to really accomplish was destroying my own soul.
I am covered in blood. I am as guilty as the Fae and the members of the wolf coalition. I have allowed my own pain and suffering to taint my actions. Its time to go home and begin the healing process for me and my mate. Ive become twisting and sick and so has Katie. At least she has a good reason. She suffered unmentionable horrors that have caused her pain beyond my imaginings.
 I cant say the same for myself. I have nothing but shame and self-loathing to blame my actions on. I didnt want to be a real man and take responsibilities and help Katie heal. I ran to hide my own disgrace. I didnt kill the members of the coalition for Katies honor I killed them for my own selfish purposes.
I was angry and bitter that I lost my beloved and was forced to bond with Katie. I was furious that the wolves dared to defy my wolf mate and that Id been helpless to stop them. I was maddened by the fact that I allowed lust of my beloveds flesh to cloud my mind enough that they Fae fooled me. I was enraged at my own stupidity and foolishness. Then to make matters worse I was ashamed to see Katies belly swell with the proof of my shame.
I allowed the tears to continue to roll down my face unstopped as I thought of all the things I would now need to take responsibility for and to make right. At our core, I knew both Katie and I had started out as good people with morals and ethics. I knew with time we could both regain what we have lost. It would take work and time but it was possible. I am not proud of what weve become but I know that it is within us to change and move past this.
I turned the key in the ignition and pressed down the gas pedal. With each mile that I moved closer to Florida I knew the task before me was going to be the hardest thing Id ever done in my life. I needed to go home and find a way to learn to love my mate again. To forgive myself for the pain she suffered and to forgive her for the part she played in my life.
It took nearly two days of driving virtually nonstop to hit the top of Florida. It could be as much as another six hours before I arrived home. I looked down and realized I would need to fill up the tank before getting onto the highway. I looked around and even squinted to see if I could see any lights up ahead. I saw something blink and decided to give it a shot.
I went just over a mile and was pleased when I saw a flashing light that said OPEN. I slowed down and pulled into the service station. I pulled up to the pump and pulled out my bank card. I realized that I would need to go inside to prepay and started towards the door. I had only made three steps when I felt a strange tingling sensation move up my spine.
I swung my head from left to right desperately trying to identify the sensation. Then just as I was going to give up I smelled him then I saw the both of them. Leona and Kenyan were exiting the store with an infant in their arms.
I knew immediately that it was Katies baby. I felt my stomach flip and felt vomit hit the back of my throat. Part of me wanted to rush back into the car and pull away without ever looking back but something demanded that I stand my ground. To my surprise Kenyan adjusted his stance and took on the appearance of a man ready to defend his family.
Leona who was now behind the bulk of his body managed to somehow safely tuck the baby firmly under her arm. I could tell she was prepared to fight if necessary. I was surprised how both of them saw me as a threat. I had agreed with Alpha that the two of them would make excellent parents for the child. They should be thanking me not preparing to fight with me.
I cleared my throat with the intention of telling them exactly what I thought when I was suddenly bombarded with the most amazing scent. Lilacs and vanilla. My beloveds scent. I felt my eyebrows pinch together in confusion as I stared into Kenyans eyes.

I watched as he took a step towards me showing me his fangs before he hissed at me
You will not blood her. She will have the opportunity this time to have a normal childhood. If you ever loved her you will leave her alone until the time is right.
I felt my insides become jittery as I realized what he was saying to me. I had a million questions running through my mind and my body was shaking in excitement and fear. Was it possible that my soul was correct? Could the tiny child my wolf mate had given birth to now contain the soul of my beloved? I licked my lips and forced myself to ask the question that was imperative I knew the answer to.
How?
Kenyan gave me a look of disapproval before he barked at me
How matters not! Why matters not! She is no longer a concern of yours. You gave her up multiple times. She will be raised by very good friends of mine. They can protect her. Dont look for her you will not find her.
Then before I could say or do anything else he struck me and my world went black.
CHAPTER 26
(Joels POV)
Grams, I know you know the truth. Either tell me it or I will seek her out myself. If you just tell me then I will make myself content knowing that someday her soul may call mine. Please Gram I know you know everything. GG Pop has never done anything that you werent part of. Please if it were your beloved you would want to know.
I watched as my grams took several deep breaths and looked around the room. Then to my surprise she put her hand out towards me. I placed my hand in hers and she slowly walked us outside and down the hill behind the house. We walked silently along the edge of the lake until she finally said in a quiet voice
Joel, I have always considered you my own grandchild though in truth you werent really born of my blood. Ramona was like a child and a sister to me. I always knew she was broken but I loved her just the same.
I watched a small tear slip from my grams eye. She reached up and wiped it quickly with her free hand before she continued
When we found Ramona without her body we searched high and low for a way to save her. Finally we found an old Fae Grimoire in a museum in France. We had brethren break-in and steel it for us. Once we had the Grimoire we knew we needed to find a body to place her soul in.
I watched her take a deep breath as she turned towards me and took my other hand into hers. I saw pain and anguish written on her face before she continued
The spell was not what we hoped for. It was a brutal spell that was unpleasant no matter how we did it. In order to perform the spell we had to have one of two requirements. Option one was that one of the spell casters would be required to kill one of our own blood in order to perform the spell. Meaning that either Leona would have had to kill one of her natural children or that dad would have had to kill me or I would have had to kill Darien. None of those things were ever going to happen.
More pain crossed her face. She let go of both of my hands and wrapped her arms around her own waist before she said
Sit this is not going to sound good. But you need to allow me to finish before you ask any questions.
Grams looked at me and I nodded as I lowered myself to the ground. I cleared my throat and said
I need to know. I will let you have your say. When you are finished if I have more questions you must promise to answer them.
Grams winced then nodded her head. Then she too slowly lowered herself to the ground. I could now see tears dripping from her eyes. She used the sleeve of her shirt to wipe at them roughly before continuing
The second option required the sacrifice of an infant born of sin. Now, you might think that when Katie gave birth to the baby our prayers had been answered. But that could not be farther from the truth. As vampires we treasure the life of children more than any other race. Even Ramona would have gladly sacrificed her own life to save the babes.
 I watched my grams take several shaky breaths before continuing.
You know that the Alpha awarded Leona and my dad custody. They brought her here to stay with me until Leona finished Katies treatments. It was only going to be a few hours.
More tears slipped down my grams face before she finally wiped them away again with her sleeve and continued her voice now broken and not much more than a whisper
While Leona was treating Katie, the baby got sick. You know the baby was born with a bad heart and severe brain damage. I tried everything I could think of. I even gave her some of my blood but her heart just stopped. I knew the damage was done and nothing anyone could do would save the baby. I made a decision and I helped her soul move from this world into the next.
I know that I had promised that I would allow my grams to finish. But I also know that she just admitted to killing the baby. My mouth dropped open and I stuttered out
Grams, you killed the baby?
I watched my grams head drop into her lap and her shoulders shook as her crying increased. Then she sobbed out
She would have died in vain. What I did gave her tiny life purpose. I was able to perform the spell and save Ramona. The baby was going to be dead anyway. Please understand I made a logical decision.
I could tell that my gram was trying to convince herself with her words more than she was trying to convince me. Then she took a huge shaking breath and continued between sobs
That decision is tearing what I have left of family apart. Your dad and mom refuse to speak to me. They have made it very clear they no longer want me or my dad in their lives. Leona and my dad allowed me to finish the spell but they took Ramona away and have sworn to keep her hidden even from me.
It seems because of the brain damage they expect that Ramona will be unable to recall her first life. According to Leona it will be a complete and fresh start. This time she will be raised without me. She wont even know that I love her. I have sacrificed my familys love to do what I thought was right. Now, I am alone and full of pain and shame. Please dont decide to hate me for my decision as well. I need to know that somebody understands what I did
I was so torn by what my grams said. Part of me understood completely why she did it. But I was still very torn. In some respects it sort of made sense. I wanted to believe that all the anguish that Katie and I have endured for the past several months worth it. It gave a purpose to the pain weve both endured.
The other side of me knew that there was something morose even morbid that my true wolf mate birthed the body of my beloved. I felt something crawl up my spine and knew that I would need time and distance to come to terms with this. I pulled my grams into my arms and said nothing. It was the best I could do. I allowed her to cry in my arms and I just held her. When she cried herself out I said simply.
I love you and will always love you. You are the most caring person I know. You are my grams and this changes nothing between us.
I paused for a moment then realized I knew what I would do next. I felt a small smile blossom on my face before I said
Pack your things. We are going to Hawaii. Before all this happened I was offered a position in Queens Medical Center in Honolulu Hawaii. I will have full rotations and be able to train with some of the best specialists in the world. This can give us all a new start.
Then before she could say anything else I pulled us both to our feet, smiled brightly at her then said
According to Leona, Katie is totally healed. That means babies. Come on Grams, you know you love babies and Katie and I are sure to have several over the next few years. Wolves love to procreate. Come to Hawaii and stay with us. I cant think of anyone I would rather have helping my mate raise our pups. Lets forget about the rest for now and live for today.
CHAPTER 27
(Joels POV)
I looked around the empty room and smiled brightly back at Katie. It was amazing how despite all the things that happened in between life had almost gone back to normal in just a few weeks. I had expected things between Katie and me to be awkward or in the least difficult but our wolves had made it so simple for us.
The first night I came home Katie and I never spoke. We looked each other in the eye and shifted into our wolves and took off for a run. We ran and played as wolves for hours. Our wolves somehow knew how to cut through all of the emotional and intellectual crap and get to the root of the issue.
Katie and I loved each other. We had been sweethearts through my entire child hood. We were more than lovers we were best friends. Wed both made mistakes and the price for our errors had been very steep. Weve paid the price and it was high time we found peace with each other.
Hey honey. You Grams called and shes ready for us to pick her up. Im going to head out to the car and wait for you there.
I turned around and looked at Katie. She had a bright smile on her face and both of her eyes sparkled with joy. I reached out and place a soft but sensual kiss on her lips. I felt her body give a small quiver and I heard my wolf growl in pleasure.
Ill be right out. Im going to make a call. Ill be out in a minute.
Katie nodded in understanding and headed outside. We had a silent agreement that we never spoke of my mom or dad. I wasnt angry at either one of them but I was having a hard time seeing things their way. My mom had a way of being very hard headed and once she made up her mind getting her to see reason was damn near impossible. It didnt matter how anyone else felt. It only ever matter how my mom felt.
Mom just wasnt happy about how things worked out with Katie and the baby. My mom is prolife and anyone that sees things differently than her becomes the enemy. Instead of being tolerant my mother becomes overly forceful with her opinion. She doesnt allow for anyone to disagree. My mother doesnt bend with the wind she breaks.
 My dad on the other hand is incapable of having his own opinion. He just takes my moms side. Right or wrong he agrees with her. It has always been that way, and I have to assume it will always be that way. For that reason I have had to tell both of them that I was leaving and that I would call only when it was convenient to me. I love them both but I cant allow my mother to dictate my life and how I should feel or behave. She needs to do whats right for her and I need to do whats right for me and Katie.
Unfortunately because of my moms attitude Katie wanted nothing to do with my mom or dad. It seems during my absence Katie felt as if my mom and dad had been almost cruel in their judgment of her and their behavior towards her. They wanted Katie to accept the baby and all the consequences of her actions. Katie was sick, alone and scared. She didnt want the baby and she knew I felt the same way. That didnt matter to my parents they tried to force their wants and beliefs onto Katie.
Hey mom, we are heading out. Ill call in a few weeks just to let you know we are fine. I love you and dad.
I heard her take a deep breath then just as I expected she launched into her argument again. She was going to berate me again for choosing to leave without telling her and dad were we were going. She was also pissed off that I was taking Gram with me. Mom and Dad felt Gram should be punished not rewarded by getting to live with Katie and me. Mom was also a mess because she believed we would keep any babies we had away from her. According to my mom all she ever wanted was lots of babies and grand babies and now Katie and I were ruining that for her.
I listened to her cry, whine and demand for a few minutes before I felt myself losing patience. Then she shifted the conversation to the baby again. She actually blamed me for what happened. As if I called my Grams and said kill it so I can have a chance with my beloved. My mother was twisting things so that she could get me to buy in with my guilt. Finally Id had enough of her guilt trip and I found myself growling into the phone at her.
Mom, you are a spoiled BEATCH. Just because dad hangs on your every thought and gives in to your every whim doesnt mean you are a god. You are just a woman with a mate that thinks you walk on water. You need to step off and live your own life. Not everyone sees and believes everything you do.
If you keep pushing this with me things are going to go bad. Think about what you said to me. Why should I want to be here or have you in Katie and my life? I love you mom but you need to start having a more open mind. Tolerance is something that you really need to work on. Ill call in a few days. Maybe things will go a bit smoother then.
I hung up the phone and slipped it into my back pocket. I took one final look around the room and headed out the door locking it behind me. I slipped the key under the mat knowing that the pack would probably have someone move in within the next few days. Empty apartments didnt stay empty long in a wolf pack.
The moment I turned towards the car I knew something was wrong. I was assaulted by the scent of fresh blood. I swung my head left and right trying desperately to identify where the smell was coming from. I looked at the car and saw the passenger side door open. Katie however was nowhere in sight.
I moved over and looked into the empty seat and saw her cell phone blinking on the floor. Grams number flashing back at me. I slide my finger over the answer button and was just about to tell my gram to something was wrong when I heard the whimper.
I knew the sound was coming from the master bedroom of the apartment. Id forgotten the phone I was holding in my hand and turned back toward the apartment. My wolf howled in my head and forced himself to the front of my mind just as we smashed through the door and bolted towards the bedroom.
 They had her tied to the bed by all four of her limbs. She was gagged and her eyes were covered with a bandanna. Her head was shaking from side to side and I could feel her terror. I tried to speak to her through our mind link but the fear was too high for her to have any kind of comprehensive thoughts.
Her mind and body were already shutting down to protect her from the horrors she expected to happen. I swallowed hard and tried desperately to let her know it wasnt going to happen again. I wouldnt let her relive that pain. I tore my eyes away from Katie so that I could assess the real situation.
There were nine members of the coalition crammed into the tiny space of the master bedroom. One was positioned very closely to Katie and had a large buck knife located over her throat. I moved towards them and the one next to Katie tisked at me then said roughly while holding up two fingers
You have two choices. Choice number one. You submit to us. Drop to the floor with your hands behind your back and allow us to chop off your head. If that happens we will let you mate go without harming her in anyway.
The moment the words left his mouth the other eight men moved towards me. When I growled and showed them my fangs and claws they took a quick step back and the one next to Katie shouted
Or choice number two. I slit her throat wide open in front of you, then we all shift into our wolves and tear you apart limb from limb.
CHAPTER 28
(Joels POV)
I finished paying for my coffee and moved to the back of the cafeteria. I let a tear slip down my cheek and I slowly wiped it away with the back of my hand. Today was the tenth anniversary of Katies death. I looked down at my watch and knew that I still had another hour before my shift started.
January was always such a hard month for me. I took a deep breath and forced myself to push Katie from my mind. I learned the hard way not to allow myself to dwell on the past. It would make me sick again and I was just finally getting my act together. I felt a shiver go down my spine thinking about the amount of time Id spent in various mental facilities.
If it hadnt been for my Grams taking care of me and getting me constant help I would never have survived Katies death and the death of my wolf. I felt a shiver go down my spine and again reminded myself to let the past go. Things were finally coming together for me. I was back to practicing medicine and was even living on my own for the past two years. I took a swallow of my coffee and considered heading into one of the empty rooms and taking a small nap when I heard them call for me over the PA.
 Dr. Tarrington to the ER Stat
I looked down at the piping hot cup of coffee in my hand. I took another fast swallow and allowed the hot liquid to slip quickly down my throat. Then I tossed the cup in the nearby receptacle and mentally thanked god for the distraction. I walked out of the cafeteria and pushed the button for the elevator.
The moment the door opened I stepped in. I watched the door close behind me and realized there was a vampire now in the elevator with me. I turned slowly and allowed myself to take in his appearance. He was vaguely familiar. I was sure I had met him when I was very young. I opened my mouth to speak but he shook his head no. So I remained silent. Then to my surprise when the elevator opened he motioned for me to step out with him.
Dr. Tarrington to the ER Stat
I tried to decide if I thought the vampire posed any danger to me. With today being the day it was something inside of me was unsettled and more than uncomfortable. I heard the announcement again on the PA and was about to decline joining him when he said

My name is Nikoli Sven. I have a child her name is Rachel and she was born a wolf. My wife and I have raised her from an infant. She has a bad heart. Weve done all we can to keep her alive this long. She needs to be converted or she will die in the next few weeks.
My beloved is a turned hybrid like you and can tolerate her blood just fine. Since I have immunity for my beloved I had believed I too would have no problem with her blood. We were wrong. Not only am I unable to tolerate her blood Kallis born hybrid children are also unable to tolerate her blood.
We are desperate to save our daughter and we are convinced that you will have no problem with her blood. I have broken an oath to one of my dearest friends coming here. We swore to keep her away from you until she was old enough to make her own decisions. But if you dont help now she will never get that chance. Please leave with me now and come save my child.
(Rachels POV)
Mommy, where did daddy go?
I tried hard to take a deep breath but my lungs refused to obey me. I was used to the pain. I knew that my heart and lungs were failing. I knew even know my lungs were full of fluid thats why every time I tried to breath my chest rattled. I knew that it would be any day now.
I know my parents had tried everything to save me. They think I dont know or understand but they are wrong. Ive heard it all when they think Im sleeping. I know they cant convert me because I was born a wolf even though I dont have a wolf inside of me. I know that my blood is like poison to my daddy and even sisters get real sick when they tried to convert me.
I guess I can't be converted into a vampire. My sister Leona had tried everything even magic from some old stinky book she carries around. Nothing has worked. Now my mommy and daddy cried constantly when they think I cant hear them. Then Daddy left last night and wouldnt tell me where he was going.
He even let me see him cry and told me that I had to fight real hard to stay alive until he came back. Thats why I am forcing myself to pull in the air even though I am so tired and just want to stop. I hope he hurries because I dont think I can keep going for too long. I wish mommy would tell me where he is so I know how much longer I will have to fight.
I bet he went to find my missing uncle Liam. Maybe they think he wont be allergic to my blood even though my sisters were. He was born before them and Mama says that he was always a little different from then my sisters. I heard my mom take a deep breath and I looked up to see tears brimming in her eyes.
I wanted to keep my promise to my Dad. I was trying so hard to keep my lungs working even though they were fighting against me. I kept having sharp pains in my chest and I knew my heart was working against me as well. I kept telling myself that I had to stay alive long enough for my dad to come home. It was just too hard I didnt think I could keep this up for much longer. Daddy needed to hurry. I forced my mouth open and croaked out
Mommy, he has to hurryI dont want to disappoint him.
I felt a sharp pain in my chest and was forced to close my eyes. My head was swimming and I was so dizzy. I heard my mom shout for my sister Leona and I knew that my daddy wasnt going to make it home in time. I was so sorry. I tried to open my mouth and tell mommy to tell him I tried my best but I couldnt even move my mouth.
CHAPTER 29
(Joels POV)
The moment we stepped into his house I knew exactly where she was. I could hear her tiny little heart struggling to beat. I heard her lungs rattle and I knew she was dying. Then I was assaulted by the scent of Lilacs and vanilla. I looked over my shoulder at Nikoli as he pointed up the stairs and we both bolted skipping more than half of the steps.
The bedroom door opened and I saw her small fragile body lying on the bed. I was too focused on her face to see anyone or anything else in the room. I moved towards the bed and finally forced myself to look at the woman sitting across from her.
I was here and ready to do whatever needed to be done. Then I realized no ever explained how the blood ceremony worked. When I was just a babe I remember my grams telling me about the very first ceremony that my GG Pop's parents created but the story didn't really tell me what I needed to do. Despite that fact, I found myself racking my memory for the story.
My GG Pop Kenyan was a small still a small child when he got sick with the wasting disease. His mom and dad did everything they could think of to save him but he was dying. Finally when all medicine was exhausted his mom Tendai convinced his dad Dakarai into doing dangerous blood magic with her.
They created the spell out of fear and desperation. Once the spell was cast and the blood was consumed Kenyan's condition improved remarkably. So much so that he was even bigger, stronger and faster than he'd ever been before the spell. Tendai and Dakarai celebrated their sons new found health and strength, but after a few weeks Kenyan fell ill again.
Tendai insisted they repeat the blood magic and again. Like before Kenyan got well. This time he was even stronger and healthier than the last time. His mother remarked that now he was even stronger than beasts and faster than the Fae. But like before after just a few short days he weakened and fell ill again.
Again they repeated the process. Kenyan healed once again. This time his senses like smell, taste and sight seemed to improve dramatically. Even odder however was his physical appearance had changed. His ears had elongated, and he suddenly sported two very long fangs identical to those of the Fae. In addition he seemed to grow allergic to direct sunlight. Then as before he fell ill just a day later.
This time Dakari refused to do the blood magic again. He feared the repeated use of dark blood magic would have a terrible price on Kenyan's soul He reminded Tendai that each time they performed the magic the possibility for great evil improved. He knew the price would not only seek retribution through Kenyan but through Tendai and himself. He insisted that nature needed to take its course.
Tendai disagreed but without Dakarai to do the spell with her she had no options. Kenyan survived the illness without additional magic; however he didn't survive without blood. He had become what we know today as a vampire. In the early days he drank from his mother and kept it secret from his dad. When his mother died of old age Kenyan was forced to find other ways of securing his daily need for fresh blood.
I heard the woman across from me clear her throat and I forced myself back into the present. She gave me a quick smile then said
"Have you already been given the ceremony? Do you know what we need to do?"
I shook my head indicating that I did not and the female sighed loudly then said
"We will need to form a blood bond with each other before we start the ceremony. Once our bond is secure we will perform the ceremony. Its a few words, I wrote them down while I was waiting for Nikoli to bring you back."
She paused and looked down at the little girl before looking back at me. Then she continued in soft voice
"You're a doctor. The easiest way to explain this is if you think of a blood transfer. Her's for ours. The first time, you will need to drain her of all her blood until just before death. Then she will drink from me until she is replenished."
She looked at me I assume to waiting for me to acknowledge what she said so I nodded in understanding. Then she again took the child's hand into her own hand and said
"The second time I will drain her and you will replace her."
I felt as if I had been slapped in the face. Not only would I be converting my beloved who was still a very young child I would also become fully blooded with her. I felt my mouth drop open and I blurted out
"But she is my beloved and she is too young to be blood bonded with me."
That's when I heard the female voice behind me that I knew was my GG Mom Leona say
"Your right Joel, she is too young but if you don't help my mom convert her you will never get your chance. Rachel is dying and this is the only way she will live."
Then a male voice I assumed was Nikoli's again said
"She will remain with her mother and me until her eighteenth birthday. You will need to relocate nearby. Depending on your behavior we can decide if you will have contact or no contact. I don't know if you are aware of this but, it is possible to stay platonic with your beloved. I know from my experience. Just give me your word you will allow her to continue to have her childhood."
I swallowed and forced myself to remember the stories I had been told of Nikoli and Kalli when I was a child. I remember my mom and dad telling me she was the first hybrid born yet made just like me. I also remember she had a true wolf mate and had chosen him over her beloved.
I heard she stayed with her wolf mate for hundreds of years having babies and living the good life while her beloved stood in the shadows and remained just a platonic friend. I could do that. It would be no problem especially since my beloved was such a young little girl. Heck, we were only talking about a few years not hundreds of years. I shook my head yes then forced myself to say
"Of course. I am not a monster. She's so young. I would have waited either way. I will handle it however you want. You are her parents; I will honor your wishes."
I looked over my shoulder and saw him nod. We heard Rachel take a shallow rattling breath and we knew the time for talk was over. I bent my head down to her tiny frail wrist and sunk in my fangs.
The moment her blood splashed into my mouth I wondered if I really was a gentleman. I felt my soul begin to sizzle with excitement. I felt my heart rate increase and my own breathing became labored. I had the sudden desire to pull this small child into my arms and make her mine.
I growled low in my throat then I felt a firm strong hand on my shoulder and I heard words penetrate through the fog that was forming in my brain.
"You must fight your instincts. Blood is calling to blood and soul is calling to soul. Now is not the time. Remember her soul is old and thinks it is ready but her body is young and needs time to grow. Be a man not a beast."
The words were enough for me to tapper down my reaction. I forced myself to think of this as just a medical procedure. I buried my emotions and my unhealthy desires and wants deep within me. I took several more long swallows and knew I could and would do this. I would be the man my beloved needed me to be.
CHAPTER 30
(Rachels POV)
Oh Rachel, you are so lucky! I wish I knew who my beloved was. I cant believe your mom and dad allowed him to come and take you to junior prom. You are so lucky. Everyone is going to be so jealous of both of you.
I had a huge smile on my face and couldnt stop myself from giggling into the phone. My best friend Jenna was so right. I was lucky. Not only did I know who my beloved was, he was a friend of the family and Id been lucky enough to see him from a distance from time to time over the years. I was so happy I cried when my dad agreed to allow him to take me to junior prom.
I had begged for weeks both my mom and dad. Initially they both said no. I begged and cried but nothing seemed to change their mind. They insisted that I would get to spend time with my beloved once I turned eighteen. Then, Id I decided to write a letter to my beloved. I didnt beg for him to come. In fact, I just told him about school and my friends. I wrote about how lots of the kids in high school were already in relationships. I even mentioned that junior prom was a great place for a first kiss.
I guess I sort of knew what kind of reaction he would have. I see my sisters with their beloveds. I know they are possessive of each other. I think I knew my beloved would twist my words and worry about my first kiss. Then I pointed out how lots of kids in my class were having relationships but that I hadnt even had my first kiss.
I left it hanging make him crazy. I could have told him I would wait but I didnt. I would wait though; there was never any doubt in my mind my first kiss would be with Joel. I didnt want to kiss anyone but him. I knew he was waiting for me and I was definitely waiting for him.
Tell me again what your dad said said Jenna. I took a quick breath and then said excitedly into the phone
Well, it was kind of odd. He called me down after school two days ago. He had this look on his face like hed just eaten something sour. Then he barked at me to sit down. Once I did he paced back and forth a few times before he said
I paused and dropped my voice as low as I could so I could mimic my dad then continued
Joel, your beloved called me this morning. Hes worried that you have been dallying with boys at school. Said hes heard things and its making him uncomfortable. I paused again and said in my regular voice
It was so funny Jenna. My dad was looking at me trying decided if Joel was right or not. I think I sort of knew if I wanted to finally be able to spend more time with my beloved I needed to look a little guilty so I dropped my eyes and started fidgeting with my fingertips. Then my dad took a look breath and said. I paused again and lowered my voice one more time
Young Lady you are a blooded beloved vampire. You should never even look at male other than your beloved. Joel will be coming to take you to junior prom. From now on you can consider yourself bonded. I would suggest any boys that you have been dallying with you warn before Joel gets here. Now, head to your room and think about proper behavior. Your mother and I raised you to be a better person than this
I heard Jennas laughter and added my own. Then she said
Wow, I wonder if your dad knew the truth if Joel would still be coming. You look at a boy thats the funniest thing Ive ever heard. Everyone knows that Rachel has a blooded beloved and we all know there is only one male in the world that you will ever look at.
We both started laughing again. I looked at the clock and realized that I had less than twenty minutes before Joel was expected to arrive. My hair was still a bit messy and I needed to finish my makeup. I heard a knock at the door and I shouted into the phone
Oh God Jenna hes here and Im not ready. Gotta go. See you there
Then I slammed the phone down and quickly put on my lipstick and fluffed my hair. I took the time to look at myself one last time before I grabbed my cardigan and headed downstairs. I saw my mom in the foyer and whispered to her
I heard the door is he here?
I could feel my heart bouncing around in my chest and I had butterflies going crazy inside of my tummy. Mom smiled then shook her head and said
Its your sister Linda. Of course Ian and Tyler are with her. She came to take pictures before you two go off to your first official date together. I would bet Leona and Kenyan are on their way as well.
I smiled back at my mom then leaned up on my toes and placed a kissed a on her cheek before saying
I love you mom.
She smiled back the said
I love you too honey. Your dad is in the living room waiting for you. He brought home flowers. I know you are my youngest but remember you are his only child. He helped raise your sisters and your brother but he was like an uncle to them. With you its different. Hes nervous and isnt really ready for you to grow up. So go easy on him will ya.
Then she squeezed my hand and smiled again. I could have sworn I saw a small tear in the corner of her eye. When I looked harder it was gone. I walked into the living room and my mom was right. Leona, Kenyan, Linda, Ian and Tyler where all sitting on the couches. Dad was standing up pacing back and forth across the carpet. He had a beautiful mix of purple lilacs bunched in his hands.
The moment I walked into the room my dad smiled at me and waved me towards him. Before I knew what he was going to do he pulled me into his arms and gave me a strong hug. I heard his breath hitch and for just a second I imagined he had tears in his eyes. Strange, both of my parents looked sad but when I double checked nothing. I must be imagining things because I am so excited to spend time with my beloved. Then dad said
Okay, honey stand still so I can pin these on your dress. Joel is going to love them they match your eyes and your dress.
I watched my dads face as he tried desperately to attach the flowers to the top of my dress. I had to force myself to hold in my laughter since he was obviously trying too hard and his tongue was sticking out just a little. That was my dads little tell as we all called it. Whenever he was concentrating his tongue managed to stick out just a little.
Mom must have noticed since she moved towards both of us and laid her hand on my dads back. It seemed to have a calming effect on him since he finished pinning the flowers on and wrapped his arms around me and mom. We hugged for just a minute before dad released me but continued to hold my mom.
Hey squirt, you look great. Come give me a big hug
I looked over in Kenyans direction and smiled as I ran into his arms. He pulled me off the ground and gave me a huge hug as he swung me in the air. Kenyan was my favorite brother in law. Sometimes it felt like I had known him longer than anyone else in the world. He smiled and placed a kiss on my forehead before whispering in my ear
I want you to have fun tonight. But if Joel does anything that makes you unhappy or even a little uncomfortable I want to know. Just because he is your beloved doesnt mean hes perfect. We are your family and we may need to help him become the best beloved he can be. So no matter what you tell me. Promise?
I pushed back far enough to look into Kenyans face. I could tell he was not angry but he was very serious. I stared him in the eyes for a few moments, and then blinked a few times before I swallowed hard and nodded in agreement. His serious face changed immediately and he smiled again.
I managed to get advice and hugs from everyone in the room. Even my cousin Tyler managed to give me his own brand of advice. His exact words were get some for me tonight too. I laughed and told him he needed to grow up. He was already double my age but still acted like a teenager. I was getting restless wondering what was taking Joel so long when I felt the first tingles in my soul.
I heard the doorbell ring and was about to run towards it when my sister Linda put her hand on my shoulder. Then she said
Have him come to you darling. After all he is the man. Let him behave as one.
I stood stock still waiting for him to come through the vestibule and into the living room. It had been over six years since Id seen him last. I know that he lived nearby and that he regularly checked in on me but my parents had forbid me from seeing him. Hed and my mother had been the ones to turn me. Because of the process, we became a blooded beloved couple the same day I turned.
According to my mom, it was hard on my beloved but he agreed that I was much too young to be a real beloved partner. They all agreed together that it was in my best interest to be kept away from him until I was much older. Whenever I complained my dad would always say that a blooded couple can be driven to become intimate even when it shouldnt happen. Then he would state very clearly that I wasnt ready and that Joel would remain hidden from me until my dad said otherwise.
I lost the ability to breath the moment he walked into the living room. He was so much more handsome in person than in the pictures I kept under my pillow. He was also clearly a man where the males in my class were just boys. His body was much larger than mine and he had the best looking face Id ever seen even if it was covered in just a little hair.
I found myself wondering if his dark brown hair was as soft as it looked. I loved the way it looked like hed just gotten out of bed. It was cropped a little short but still spiked at the front in the current fashion. He cleared his throat and I found myself connecting with his bright green eyes. I felt my mouth drop open and realized that I might even be drooling. My beloved was clearly the best looking man to ever walk the earth.
CHAPTER 31
(Rachels POV)
Good Night then! Maybe we can get together again in a few years if we can fit it into the schedule.
I said loudly through my gritted teeth as I turned my back on Joel and slammed the front door shut. I didnt even bother to glance back to see if my words had any effect at all on him. The dance was nothing like Id hoped it would be. Joel was my beloved and he should have paid more attention to me and made me feel special. Instead I spent the entire dance wondering if something was wrong with me. He didnt come within four feet of me and managed not to touch me the entire night.
His face looked strained and even when I tried to engage him in conversation he was distracted and answered with single syllables. How could I have a beloved that wasnt even a little interested in me? I was probably the only vampire in the history of vampires that had a disinterested beloved. Why I bet if we met now instead of when I was young he would have rejected me. I wondered if he even liked girls at all.
I heard my mother coming down the stairs the second I stepped into the house. I could see by the look on her face that she already knew that I was angry. I wasnt ready to speak yet so I gave her my not yet look and threw my cardigan on the couch. Then I stomped over to my favorite recliner and flopped down. I again looked at my mom this time indicating that I was almost ready. I looked away and pulled the lever and kicked out the legs before turning to look at my mom. She was still standing next to me with a patient but very curious look on her face.
I think my beloved is gay! I blurted out barely holding back my tears of frustration and embarrassment
I would have expected many things from my mom but I never expected her to start laughing hard enough that she snorted. With each burst of laughter I found my face getting redder and my emotions becoming more confused.
What? What is so funny I said
Why would my mother laugh at my pain? It was terrible that I had a beloved that wasnt going to be interested in me as a female. I was going to spend my entire life not knowing what it would feel like to be loved by a man. I know that my soul is content just to have his around but I wanted so much more than that. I wanted the kind of relationship my mom and dad have. They share everything together. My parents still dote on each other like there is no one more important in the world.
Just as my mom pulled herself together enough and I thought she was going to answer me my dad came into the living room. The moment he spotted my moms red face and her very wet cheeks he immediately misunderstood and shouted
What did the bastard do?
I opened my mouth to tell my dad when my mom turned into his arms and said with laughter still in her voice
Apparently nothing. Rachel told me she thinks hes gay
Then my dad looked at me before he too started laughing causing my mother to have yet another fit of laughter.
(Joels POV)
I watched her turn her back on me and slam the front door. Part of me was relieved yet another part of me wanted to kick the door open and pull her into my arms. Tonight had been one of the most difficult nights Ive ever lived though. In fact, I was sure this was some type of premeditated torture for my past discretions. God had a funny sense of humor and he wanted to pay me back for my previous sins.
From the moment I stepped into the Sven house I knew I was in trouble. The second I laid eyes on her tonight my soul went berserk, followed by my body and my emotions. Every moment I spent in her company I had to fight tooth and nail to keep control of myself. When I bargained with them to allow me to take her to the dance I had to agree with her parents that I would make sure tonight stayed very platonic. In fact her father made it clear that if I so much as kissed her on the cheek he would make sure I didnt see her again until she graduated from college.
For that reason, it had been a long grueling night. Rachel is an absolutely beautiful young woman and I treated her like she was a leper. It was just that everything about her was too friggen appealing. If it wasnt one thing it was another. First it was her damn scent. It didnt help that her dad pinned extra lilacs on her. Didnt he know that just increased her appeal? I had to try not to breathe through my nose every time she came with five feet of me.
Even from afar however she was driving me insane. For the life of me I cant understand how her father let her out of the house in that dress. For gods sakes it showed off way to much of her absolutely amazingly creamy skin. Every single time I saw one of those horny young boys glance towards her breasts I felt like ripping their friggen heads off.
I couldnt even have a decent conversation with her since I was either fighting myself or fighting imaginary foes. It was awful how she tried so hard to engage me in meaningful conversation and I could do no more than grunt like a caveman. It was clear my beloved has an amazing mind and a really quirky sense of humor. I was sure after tonight she thought I was incapable of intelligent conversation.
I took a deep breath and felt my shoulders slump as I headed back towards my car. I turned over the engine and was halfway down the street when I felt something hit the side of the car. I slammed on the breaks and was shocked to see Rachel standing at my window. I pressed the button and watched as the glass the separated us disappeared. Then she leaned in towards me and said almost in a whisper
I need to know why you blooded me if youre gay. I deserve at least that much from you.
I knew what I was going to do was wrong. I knew that when her father found out he would want my head on a silver platter but I was done fighting. My heart, body and soul wanted Rachel more than it wanted anything in the world. I reached out of the window with one intention to prove to her there wasnt a gay bone in my body.
THE END

Did you enjoy this book?  Try another
Blood Ties Series
Mated & Blooded
Beyond Bonded
Forever Mine
Shredded Bonds
Mine Eternally
Beloved Mine
Sample of...
Beloved Mine
A Blood Ties Novel
Book 6
Prologue
(Liam's POV)
Every one of my family members had managed to find and have their happily ever after. Everyone but me that is. My name is Liam Madison. I am a Hybrid; half vampire and half werewolf. I watched as one by one my siblings found their mate or their beloved as the case was.
Even my own mother had both a wolf mate and a beloved and had a happily ever after with both. I however never seemed to connect with either. Finally after being alone for so long I was driven to depression and the inability to socialize with my loved one any longer. I moved away from home to a place I believed no one would ever come looking for me.
I was immortal and incapable of dying. I was even more indestructible then a regular vampire. While there are relatively few ways to kill a vampire such as beheading, removing their heart or poisoning them with werewolf blood, I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that I cannot die by any of those methods.
I came to Miami with one goal in mind, to find a way to put my mind to rest for a long time. I chose the house in the middle of nowhere with the intention of sitting in a chair and not moving for many years to come. I had a theory that if I failed to eat or drink eventually I would become lethargic and fall into a comatose state.
I'm not sure how long I had been sitting in the chair when I started to hear scratching at the back door. It sounded like a wild animal ripping its way through the rotted old wood that hung poorly over the back entrance.
Then I heard long nails scrape over the old ceramic tiles that coated the shabby little kitchen area. Then I caught a whiff of her lavender and cherry blossom scent. I felt my soul begin to tingle and my wolf sparked to life within me as both my soul and my wolf said in unison MINE.
(Keana's POV)
I felt the illusive pull again and knew that I as running in the right direction. I had been running for days on end but still I couldn't seem to get them off my tail. I was exhausted and felt like I was going to drop at any moment. I pushed my wolf as hard as I could with the hope that she wouldn't let me down.
My wolf had the heart of warrior. She was a true fighter and knew that with each push of her legs and each brush of her paws she was keeping our enemies behind us and bringing our future closer.
She strained and pushed herself beyond the endurance of any normal wolf. Her beautiful thick white fur had become matted and splotched with dirt and mud. Her paws were sore and had many cuts and bruises, but still she ran. Her head high and her spine straight and proud.
The old witch had told my alpha when I was born that my wolf and I were special. I was raised knowing that I was different than the others. That my future was intertwined with the future of my entire pack. That my life represented the hope and security for our entire pack.
Being special however didn't mean that the other wolves treated me nice or even as an equal. I had been hated by most of the pack members that were my own age. Most of them loved to tease and pick on me. Lots of time the ongoing joke was to call me special like it was another word for retarded or deformed. Only the alpha and the older members of our pack treated me kindly.
The funny thing was, I was stronger than the majority of them and I still had my wolf unlike most of them. See, my pack were losing their abilities to shift and their wolves were going dormant. My wolf was one of the few that had managed to stay alert and avoid being sucked into the void. No one knew why this was happening to our pack.
In the early days when it was just a few cases many pack doctors had visited our people and run lots of different tests. Though after a few centuries with it becoming more and more common doctors and other packs stopped visiting and trying to help.
The only thing we knew for sure was it was contained to our pack. It wasn't happening to any packs however those that mated and bred with any of our pack were effected within a generation or two.
Because of that other packs had completely cut off contact with us. They made sure they didn't ever come anywhere near us for fear that it would ultimately destroy their wolves as well. Even true mates rejected members of our pack. Our pack members long ago lost hope of every having true mates.
Like humans, we date and marry based on mutual agreements and mild feelings. While we have been subjected to the call of a true mate it had been generations since any among us had been lucky enough to have been bonded.
My Alpha and his father before him had tried hard in their lifetimes to change this pattern. He even introduced humans into our pack in the hopes that their fresh DNA could help to bring back our wolves. The human parentage seemed to make little to no difference.
We were still avoided like lepers. If the other packs had just continued to leave us alone we would have lived in peace even if we did so without our wolves. But the other packs grew more fearful with time then finally last night they did the unthinkable and sent assassins to kill my entire pack.
Thank god my alpha had seen this coming and had hidden the pack weeks ago. Most of my pack members even now were safely hidden in caves deep below our pack territory. They would remain hidden until I returned with our savior. I was their last hope for survival. If I failed eventually they would be driven out of the caves forced to emerge or face starvation. Once out the hunters were sure to exterminate them like vermin.
Why me again I thought, why had I been selected by the old wolf to seek out our savior? What made me and my wolf different? What if I was unable to find him or if he wouldn't come to help us even after I did find him. The wolf told me not to worry that I only needed to follow my heart and my soul and it would deliver me safely into his arms. Once there the witch believed he would help me and my pack at all costs.
So that night, when the assassins attacked our empty homes, my alpha commanded me to call my wolf forward and seek out the savior. The time had come for me to do what I was born to do. I shifted quickly and threw back my head and howled a prayer into the night. I prayed the witch was right and that I would find our savior. I prayed once I found him that he would agree to help us. Then I prayed I would have the strength and courage to do what needed to be done.
I had felt the pull of something intangible but more than invaluable the entire time that I had run. I knew that whatever or whoever it was that I was being drawn to was getting closer with each mile I ran. Then, I spotted a dilapidated old house that stood in the middle of the empty field just ahead. I knew without really understanding why that he would be in there.
I heard the hunters closing in on my location and could tell they had me in their scopes. I heard the loud sound of a gunshot just seconds before I saw the rocks to my left shatter. Thank god I thought to myself they missed me.
I heard another shot and this time the dirt just under my left paw shifted. I saw the bullet lodge into the ground where my paw had just been. The shots were to close. I knew that I had moments to clear the open field or I was a dead wolf. I dug deep within myself to get enough energy to make it across the field before the hunters got off a clear shot and ended the chase.
Both my heart and my soul screamed at me that I was in the right place. I slammed into the back of the house as I heard several more shots go off in rapid succession. Despite the silencer they were using on the gun the shots were still loud enough to cause a piercing painful sound to my wolfs ears. I shook my head to stop the ringing and started to claw my way through the door.
I struggled at getting into the house but finally managed to break through and skid across a slippery tile floor. I struggled to maintain my composure and found myself landing in a heap at the feet of a grotesquely mummified corpse. The last thing I remember thinking before my world went black was how could both my heart and soul be wrong? I didn't find the savior of our pack and I wasn't special. The only thing I did was run for days to my own death.
