



Saving Edgar
by
Yara G. Mansour


Copyright  2013 by Yara G. Mansour
Smashwords Edition


All rights reserved. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes without the authors written permission.

All artwork Copyright  2013 by Karim Mansour






For Baboo, for always being there

And for Hidy, whom I sorely miss




1


It was after midnight on a cold winter's night and he huddled behind a gargoyle on the rooftop of a church. He thought about the distance one would have to fall to reach the ground below. It was a grim thought, but he tried to imagine how a body would look, sprawled on the sidewalk. The thought of dying didn't trouble him. He had faced it countless times and he had won. He knew that one day death would win the battle in their endless struggle but today was not going to be that day. It could not be that day. He glanced at the sky above with its roiling clouds and smelled the rain in the air. Sweet, sweet, rain. He prayed for the blinding lightening and the deafening thunder to conceal him, and as he felt the cool wind against his face, he looked out unto the sleeping city and sighed. Sleep, he thought, for tomorrow everything will change.
"Sam, get away from the ledge already. How long have you been standing there? God, it's freezing up here. Couldn't you have a picked a better spot?"
"My name is Samuel!" he growled. Samuel Schrader frowned and grit his teeth before turning around to face Drake Matheson. Looking at him in the dim light Samuel felt the way he always felt around Drake. Angry, violent, and... envious. He hated to admit it even to himself but it was true. Drake was everything that Samuel wanted to be. He was tall and well-built, with clear skin, a finely chiseled nose, and a strong jaw. Samuel by comparison felt small and weak, involuntarily scratching at his pock-marked face. Not the face of a hero, to be sure. Drake had the confidence that could only come from being born beautiful and strong, and as he leaned casually against the wall, Samuel hated him even more.
"Alright, alright, don't get so prickly. Samuel it is then."
"Do you have the mission details?" Samuel asked. He had worked with Drake in the past and Drake loved nothing more than to listen to the sound of his own voice. Samuel wanted this meeting to be short. He could not stand the sight of him.
Drake flashed him a brilliant smile that made Samuel feel sick. "Of course, but I thought maybe we could catch up a bit, enjoy the cold together."
Samuel stared at him blankly. He was careful not to let his contempt show. He had been practicing for years to keep his face cold and void of any emotions. In his line of work, it could mean the difference between life and death. He watched as Drake's face fell and made a mental note of his victory. Yes, he was keeping score.
"Fine, have it your way. Your mission is to rescue a monkey and bring it back to headquarters."
Samuel felt his mask slip away as his jaw dropped in disbelief.
"A monkey! That's my mission? A bloody monkey?!" he yelled.
"Hush. Keep your voice down. Yes, a monkey." Drake replied with a satisfied grin. The pleasure showed clearly on Drake's face and Samuel suppressed the urge to throw him over the edge. The score between them had been always tipped in favor of Drake and Samuel was getting tired of being on the losing side. A monkey? Really?
"What does the agency want with a monkey? Can't they just buy one from a zoo or something?"
"I am not privy to that information. All I know is that this monkey is important to the chief. It must be brought in." Drake took on a formal tone as he gave details regarding the monkey's last known whereabouts. Samuel listened obediently as his heart sank. A monkey... he thought and sighed inwardly.
Samuel stayed on the church rooftop long after Drake had left. He stared at the sleeping city and wondered how he had come to this. He had always been good at his job, a fast learner, a fearless fighter. He had great talent. The Agency had been wasting his talent for years but this... a monkey... This was more than he could bear. This would be his last mission, he decided, and then he would disappear before they made him disappear.
Samuel crawled into his narrow bed at around dawn. He had rented a single room in a three star hotel downtown, but now, knowing what his mission was about, he wished he had splurged a little more on lodgings. He wondered briefly if it wasn't too late to move into a five-star hotel uptown, where he could order room service and champagne, maybe even explore the night scene. He shook his head. Better not. This hotel was inconspicuous, a simple place for simple tourists. The fewer questions asked the better. Without a further thought, he closed his eyes and fell asleep.
When he woke it was noon. The clouds from the night before had not left the sky and the sun struggled unsuccessfully to shine. It was a day as grey as his mood. Rubbing the sleep from his eyes, he studied a map of the city. According to the intelligence officers at the agency, the monkey was trapped somewhere between the fourteenth and sixteenth floors of the Bio Chemicals Inc. building. Bio Chemicals itself was a large corporation with its hands in too many pies. Sifting through the files that Drake had given him, it seemed that there wasn't an industry that Bio Chemicals was not involved in, from chemicals, to steel, to housing. Newspaper clippings portrayed them as the perfect success story, with a humane twist. Millions of dollars spent in charity and humanitarian aid. The perfect corporation indeed. Samuel knew better. He knew that all successful organizations had something to hide. Something dark, nasty and dirty. That was how the world worked. The Agency had taught him that much. So what does an industrial giant want with a monkey? Or better yet, what did the Agency want with a monkey?
Several scenarios played out in his head, not the least of which was the possibility of some destructive biochemical weapon, injected in this monkey to be later set loose to wreak havoc. It was not far-fetched. Such things have been attempted before. But if that was the case, surely the Agency would tell him, wouldn't they? Wouldn't they want to ensure his safety? What was the Agency without men like Samuel, after all. Sure, agents have been disposed of before, but not like this. It was clean and simple. They would not risk him speaking before he took his last breath. They could not risk it.
He continued to flip through the file until he came to the building plans. This was his favorite part. The Agency had done their work well, showing locations of guards, surveillance cameras, and special access only areas. Samuel's photographic memory gave him a good advantage. With the plans stored neatly away in his mind, he continued through the piles of paper until his sight fell upon pictures of a woman. The shots were taken from a field worker, a junior agent perhaps, Samuel thought. Although amateur, the pictures were very good, with a strong focus on her face. An extraordinary face. She was pale as only northerners could be with dark blue eyes that held a certain sadness to soften her hard features. Her nose was small and perfectly shaped above her pouting lips. Her name was Angelina Swarksy and she was the executive manager of Bio Chemicals Inc. Her office was on the seventeenth floor and according to the reports, the monkey was kept under her command. She was the key. Samuel wanted to know what she knew, but he wouldnt be able to do that without compromising the mission. He would have to ignore his instinct to go after her, he had no time to waste.
Showered and dressed as a tourist, Samuel left his hotel an hour later with his camera strapped around his neck. The Agency wanted the mission completed within two days. If Samuel failed, another would be sent in his place and Samuel would be brought in for debriefing and perhaps even put on the bench. There was nothing Samuel hated more than being on the bench. As he headed towards the Bio Chemicals building, he thought about one of his earliest missions, the one that left a dark stain on his otherwise perfect record. He scratched his face absent-mindedly as he let the memory run through his head. The target was in front of him and he had a clear shot. He took his aim and with a steady finger on the trigger, he almost fired. But he hesitated. A little girl had entered the room just as he was about to shoot and his resolve faltered. The target had to be eliminated but as Samuel looked on from his vantage point across the street into the target's window, there she was. A pretty little thing dressed in white and pink, skipping across the carpeted floor into her father's arms. Samuel just couldn't do it. He couldn't kill the man with his child there watching. But Drake had no such reservations. Samuel's heart skipped a beat as he saw the man's body crumble to the ground, the little girl still in his arms. He saw the blood stain her dress as she shook her father's fast cooling body. He watched in horror as she turned her face to the shattered window and even though he knew she had not seen him, could not have seen him, he felt her eyes bore a hole deep into his soul. The look on her face haunted him still. Sometimes he would dream of her at night only to wake up sweating and shivering.
That had been the last mission Drake and Samuel had worked on together. Drake received the promotion he had been hoping for, while Samuel spent time on the bench and in training. If they had only given me more time... he mused. But it was too late now. Unless Drake somehow made a mistake, Samuel would never catch up. And Drake never makes mistakes. He sighed.
As he rounded a corner, the smell of food filled his nostrils and he couldn't resist. He approached a street cart and bought a hotdog with everything on it. He hadn't realized how hungry he was until he had taken his first bite. The last time he had eaten was on the plane the night before as he flew into Greytown. He didnt need to read up on the city as he flew in, he already knew its history well. Greytown was an old city, one that grew periodically over time. Even though its size was comparable to all major cities around the world, it still retained its old name from when it was nothing more than a few houses cradled at the foot of Greystone mountain. Once a thriving mining town, it soon gave way to large industrial factories and tall buildings that herald the coming of development. The city center had moved far away from the old buildings near the mountain and instead grew around in ever-widening circles. The current city center, where Samuel now walked, was a series of tall buildings scrambling up to reach the sky. They were mostly grey, made from the very stone of the mountain that protected them from the cold north winds, and their many windows glimmered in the sunlight. It was a beautiful city, with tree-lined streets and perfectly trimmed parks. As the city grew, the inhabitants took great care to preserve what had been there before so that the old blended slowly with the new, leaving the visitor with a unique sensation that he was traveling through time. Samuel had felt that way the first time he had come here, years ago, and as he strolled beneath the orange trees with their sweet scented blossoms, he could not resist the feeling of nostalgia that swept over him. Greytown. The city of love.
Samuel had been just a boy back then. He had come to Greytown looking for work at eighteen. His hometown was not far off, but it was small and the possibility of work was even smaller. He had kept busy doing odd jobs here and there, but it wasn't until he met Tiffany that his entire life had been turned upside down. Little had he known back then that his life would be his life no longer, that it would be irrevocably altered. It was late autumn, when all the leaves had turned brown, yellow, and gold in preparation for the winter. Tiffany sat on a bench in the park at noon to eat her lunch while Samuel watched her from afar. She was the most beautiful girl he had ever seen, with hair the color of the golden leaves that fell around her feet. Its thick waves swayed with the wind as her big brown eyes stared into space. For days Tiffany came to the same spot and for days Samuel only watched her. It took him a week to gather up the courage to approach her and another week to actually talk to her instead of simply sitting next to her on the bench. It was the beginning of the story of his great love, his only love. As the autumn weeks flew by, Tiffany and Samuels relationship grew and when the first frost arrived Samuel knew in his heart that he had found the one.
It was a chill sunny day in December when tragedy struck. Samuel and Tiffany were walking hand in hand down a street, speaking of dreams and sweet nothingness when Tiffany suddenly gasped, in pain or in shock Samuel will never know, and then crumbled to the ground. A dark stain began to spread across the green winter coat he had bought for her. He cradled her head in his arms and watched in horror as her life drained away from her. She did not cry out, nor did she speak. She simply looked into his eyes as she struggled to breathe. A lifetime passed in those moments as Samuel cried helplessly, holding on to the corpse of the woman he loved.
For days afterwards his feeling of helplessness tormented him. It was a stray bullet that had caught Tiffany in the chest, one that was not meant for her. It was a bank robbery gone terribly wrong and as the murderers kept on living, Samuel watched them bury Tiffany's body in the ground. He vowed that he would get his revenge. He would kill those who took away everything that was good in his life. It was in those dark moments that the Agency found him, and saved him. It was in their unwavering sense of justice that he found peace, their rituals and their beliefs which brought him back from the darkness he had fallen into. They took him in as one of their own and gave him a sense of purpose. They showed him how to be patient, how to hold on to the injustice done to him until it was a beacon to light his way instead of a dark pit to engulf him. He spent years with brothers from the Agency, burying himself in their books and studying their every action. Until one day, all his hard work paid off. The chief approached him personally. He told him what Samuel already knew. That he was finally ready. Years of training had changed Samuel. His sense of justice was now strong, his dedication to the cause pure. The time for vengeance had finally come. To serve the justice that society was unwilling to serve. That was the beginning of his first mission, his only personal mission. One by one he went after them. He found them in their run down homes and he found them in their prisons. They were four in total and within a fortnight all four were dead. He had planned all of his hits perfectly, gained access to places no ordinary man could have possibly gained. He had left no tracks, made no sounds. At last he had passed the final test and received retribution. A part of Samuel's soul had died with Tiffany that day but with the Agency he was born anew, with brothers by his side to fight for the innocent, to fight for people like Tiffany.
And there he was, back in Greytown, on another mission. A mission to rescue a monkey. He was accustomed to strange missions, and he was accustomed to obey without question. The chief was the high commander after all. He alone held all the details of the Agencys plans, of how they would purify the world of its sins and bring it back to the light. But the doubts had been growing in his mind of late. He dared not openly question the chief or the council, but he could feel something gnawing at the back of his mind. He felt himself slipping from the ranks, saw himself being put aside and it angered him. He had done all that was asked of him, all but one order. Damn that little girl. The thought alone made him grind his teeth together until his jaw hurt. A bloody monkey. His walk had led him to the Bio Chemicals building where he began the process of scouting the premises. He spent time at a cafe watching the street and its buildings, making notes of security cameras, open windows, ledges and slowly a plan started forming in his mind.
Samuel returned to his room in the late afternoon and slept. He would make his move under the cover of darkness and for that he needed to rest. When he woke, night had fully set. He felt energized and refreshed. After a quick shower, he collected his equipment and dressed entirely in black, he headed out to retrieve the monkey.
It was a quiet week night in Greytown and few people walked the streets around him. Samuel kept to small, dark alleyways, avoiding main streets. The darkness shielded him and the moonless sky seemed to bid him well. He arrived at the Bio Chemicals building shortly thereafter. Ignoring it, he crossed the street to the building directly opposite whose doorman was sleeping soundly at his desk. Swiftly and soundlessly he walked past and entered into the stairwell. He went up the stairs taking them two at a time until he reached the roof, twenty-five floors later. Stepping onto the roof he felt the chill wind on his face and smiled. Winter was always his favorite time of year. Overlooking the Bio Chemicals building, he put his night goggles into place and took out a crossbow from his pack. He aimed and fired and within a few minutes he had a zip line in place and was swiftly traveling across the sky to the rooftop of the Bio Chemicals building. He gained access to the building with ease, a simple lock, a simple spring. Samuel always wondered why people with things to hide did not take more care in hiding those very things. An amateur could have unlocked the door. Then again, that was the easy part. Intelligence at the Agency stated that the building was crawling with surveillance cameras. No matter. He needed only to disable the cameras on the sixteenth floor. If Angelina Swarksy's office was on the seventeenth, the monkey could not be kept much further away. He had estimated it would take two minutes for him to collect the target. That would be enough time before the security guards came up to check the disabled cameras. Moving with the stealth and speed of a hunting predator, Samuel made his way to the sixteenth floor and disabled the cameras. Throwing away caution to the wind, he followed the map in his mind to where he believed the monkey would be kept. Speed was now paramount. He checked his watch, thirty seconds gone. Using the access key card given to him by the Agency, he opened the doors that blocked his way. All except one. Hidden away in the back of the floor was a room. He had seen it in the building plans labeled as "storage". It was far too big to be a storage room and interestingly, it was directly under Ms. Swarksy's office. Her new office. A few months back, she had moved her office from a corner space, with windows overlooking the street, to an office space somewhere in the back. This information had struck Samuel as odd and now his suspicions have been confirmed. The door in front of him was locked. Opening it required an access card, a passcode, and a key. Whatever was in there was important to somebody. Sixty seconds left. Samuel was running out of time. He didn't know what kind of security measures were in place but he was sure that breaking down the door would not help him gain access. He had to find another way. Taking off the vent cover, he crawled inside, taking care and precious time to replace the cover behind him. He would not be able to make it out before the guards came up. He would have to find another way out. Quietly he began the long crawl through the vent system. He was uncertain which arm lead to where but he trusted his instincts and his memory. Somewhere in the distance, he heard the muffled noises of stomping feet. At least two men he reckoned. He took a shallow breath filled with dust and continued his crawl. He had to move slowly if he wanted to remain quiet and undetected. The guards would reboot the surveillance cameras and write it off as a malfunction and then be gone. Of course he would show up on their screens as soon as he exited the vent. He could only hope that the room where the monkey was being kept was secret enough to not have any cameras which transmitted directly to security. Oh he was certain cameras existed, but he hoped they transmitted to Ms. Swarksy directly, or someone similarly distant. Drawing up the building plans in his mind's eye, he made his way across the office. It was unfortunate that the vents did not run parallel to the corridors below. Several times he had to double back to take another route.
It was slow, tiring work when Samuel finally found himself above the suspicious storage room. Wiping the sweat from his brow he peered inside and studied the surroundings. The room was quite large, especially for a room labeled as storage. It was sparsely furnished, two tables against the wall on the far side, a few chairs and a large bookcase were the only furniture. Atop one of the tables stood a cage. Whatever was in that cage was lying at the bottom so that Samuel could not make out exactly what it was, but he did not doubt that he had found what he was looking for. From his angle he spotted two cameras fixed at opposite corners of the ceiling. Samuel was located somewhere in between. Sweating and exhausted from being in such cramped space, he exhaled and removed his night goggles. A few faint rays of light found their way into the room through the cracks in the curtains. There was always a chance that the cameras would not even detect him. Unless the cameras used night vision. Samuel studied the cage for a few moments and then sprung into motion. Carefully removing the vent cover, he swung himself soundlessly to the ground. He heard the animal in the cage stir slightly and he thought for a moment how much trouble the monkey would give him. He had procured a mild tranquilizer but he had hoped he would not have to use it. Now he realized that that hope was unfounded. Of course a wild animal would make a ruckus. He crossed the room and took out the tranquilizer gun. Peering through the cage he was greeted by a pair of large, brown eyes looking back at him. The monkey looked at him calmly and the look unnerved him slightly. It was larger than he had anticipated, but it did not move or flinch as Samuel aimed his gun at its hind leg. He took the shot. A dart buried itself in the animal's hide and it whimpered for a moment before it closed its eyes. Samuel let out the breath he had been holding and began unlocking the cage. The moment the cage door fell open was a moment Samuel had not anticipated. Deafening sirens surrounded him from all sides. He cursed himself under his breath for not being more thorough and grunted as he lifted the monkey out of its cage and into the sack he had brought. Pushing the sack ahead of him into the vent, he swiftly climbed in after it. He did not bother to replace the vent. Scurrying through the twists and turns and dragging the monkey behind him, Samuel gritted his teeth against the sirens screaming in his head. He heard voices and pounding feet in the hallway below him. He waited until they had passed before swinging down. He would have to take his chances on the ground. They were far better than the chances of a rat trapped in the vents.
The lights had been turned on and it took a moment for Samuel to gain his bearings. When he did, he began to speed towards the stairwell. As he rounded a corner he saw three guards coming at him in full force, guns in hand. There was nowhere to hide. His own gun felt like another natural part of his body and the shots flew as he ran. They were on the ground before they could put their fingers on the trigger and Samuel didn't stop, he just kept on running until he burst into the hallway. He opened the door to the emergency exist and he could hear feet pounding up the stairs. The place would be swarming with guards in a matter of seconds. He ran up the stairs two at a time, heading towards the roof. As the pounding feet followed, he ran ever faster, cursing the weight of the monkey on his back. I never thought I'd say that expression literally, he thought amusedly. But the thought flittered quickly through his mind as he stepped into the cold night air. Above him he heard the thundering noise of a helicopter and he could see the lights approaching. Not the smooth getaway he had hoped for but he would manage, he always did. He shut and blocked the door behind him with a fallen pipe. Taking out his crossbow he prepared to shoot a zip line to a lower building across the street. Just as he was taking his aim, a bullet came whizzing past him, barely missing his arm. His crossbow fired, sloppy and off target. He started hurrying for cover but there were few places to hide. Shots kept coming at him from the helicopter as he ran and above its noise he could hear the guards battering at the door. His choices seemed little. With the shower of bullets following him he would not be able to get a clear shot of the building. Peering over the edge he felt dizzy with vertigo and took a step back. Out of the corner of his eye he saw guards swarming through the broken door. Shifting the weight of the bag strapped to his back, he took a deep breath, ran and then jumped. He closed his eyes involuntarily for a moment and then opened them to see the next building approaching at tremendous speed. He would make it. He had to make it. With his heart pounding in his chest he prepared himself for impact. Landing softly on his feet with knees bent, he hit the surface of the roof and rolled. He had less than a second to catch his breath before running ahead of the bullets. He ran across the roof, crossbow still in hand and at the edge he took aim. The shot was rushed but it caught its target and held. Just as he was about to swing down he felt a searing pain through his arm and he felt the impact of the bullet almost pull his arm out of its socket. But he had no time to worry about that now. Holding on to the rope with his good arm he swung himself off the roof and into the air. He allowed himself a brief smile of relief. This job had been messier than he had anticipated but he had succeeded. The target was secure.
It was then that he felt himself slipping towards the ground below. The zip line no longer held. Whether it was his sloppy work or the work of his pursuit, he would never know. He saw the building in front of him speeding towards him as he lost his elevation and prepared himself for impact. Swinging with his legs he aimed for one of the windows, feet first. The glass shattered as he came crashing through and he heard shrieks of surprise. Muttering his apologies to the couple into whose bedroom he had landed he sped through their apartment and into the hallway. In the elevator, he took off his mask and his black clothes, changing into a pair of jeans and a dark blue sweater that he had carried in his pack. A quick cursory look told him the monkey was alive and still unconscious. The elevator doors opened on the ground floor just as he was finished. His arm was bleeding profusely, he had noticed, but he had no time to stop it now. He just hoped he would get out in time before the blood began to seep through his sweater.
As he stepped out onto the street he could hear the sirens all across the city now. Cops flooded the streets and people crowded the sidewalks and stood at windows. He joined the closest crowd and tried to mingle, asking questions and passing on their answers to others. He felt his arm turn numb at his side and he struggled against the urge to cradle it and put pressure on the wound. He needed to get away quickly. It would only be a few more moments before the blood made a dark stain on his sweater.
He milled about in the crowd for a few minutes longer before making his way into a side street. He kept his pace deliberately slow instead of running back to the hotel as he would have liked. His arm began to throb as he let it hang loose at his side. He felt a slight stirring in the sack he carried across his back and he knew he had to hurry. He saw a police car drive by and his heart beat faster in his chest. He knew they could not know that it was him they were looking for but he felt the urgent need to get off the streets. He quickened his pace slightly and resisted the urge to carry his now limp arm close to his chest. A quick glance told him that blood was already beginning to show on his sleeve and its dark stain was quickly growing. Pursing his lips together he shifted the sack slightly and hurried along to his hotel. Somewhere behind him he heard the sound of people talking. He heard phantoms of words that made his heart thump and beads of sweat appear on his brow. A few seconds later he heard the pitter-patter of feet, quick and determined. Samuel needed no more goading, he broke out into a run that fueled his pursuers on, their feet landing hard on the pavement and their orders to stop ringing clear in the night sky.
He didnt need to turn back to know how many they were, he could tell by the sound of their pounding feet. Three. He ran swiftly, his well-trained body gathering momentum as he went. He dodged between cars and sped through alleyways. The bullets flew past him, but he knew it was only a matter of time before a shot flew true. In a tight alleyway Samuel climbed over a large garbage container and jumped onto the fire escape of a building. The pain in his arm was excruciating and he fought to keep his grip on the rungs as he climbed up. Beneath him he could hear them coming into the alleyway. He knew he only had a few seconds before they spotted him as a sure target, so he hauled himself up onto the closest landing and lay flat, face down. He watched as they searched for him and he prayed silently that the darkness was enough to shield him from their eyes. He felt the monkey in the sack move and prayed the tranquilizer would last just a little longer. His pursuers paused long enough to search the alley and then continued to run forward, assuming that Samuel had somehow gathered enough speed to make it out the other side. None of them had thought to look up.
Samuel lay motionless for a few minutes, catching his breath and forming a plan in his mind. The sleeve of his sweater was soaked through with blood. He would have to tend to it first. Sitting up quietly, he gingerly removed his sweater and looked at his arm in the dim light. The bullet was lodged firmly in his flesh and as he touched it, he grimaced with pain. Tearing his sweater, he tied a piece of its cloth firmly to his arm while he suppressed a groan. He felt himself shiver, from the cold, or the pain, or the exertion, he did not know. Closing his eyes for a moment he let the cold air wash over him and he forced his mind to stop. He found his center, his core, the source of his strength and let it grow to engulf him. When he opened his eyes, he saw her looking at him intently. Her face was that of an angel, with dark hair cradling her heart-shaped face, brows furrowed with concern. He studied her face for a moment and lost himself in the depths of her liquid brown eyes. Out of the corner of his eye he caught the glimmer of gold and followed it to where a golden eagle hung from a thin chain around her neck. Where have I seen that before? He struggled with a thick cloud that was settling over his mind and squinted as his sight began to dim. He watched as she placed a cool hand on his brow as he looked at her with the detachment of a dreamer, one who knows that the dream will end soon and all will be as it was. He tried to force himself to wake but the vividness of the dream held him spellbound. He watched as she led him away from the landing and into a window, supporting his weight on her soft, narrow shoulders. He saw her lay him down on a bed with sweet smelling sheets and watched as he closed his eyes. There was only one thought that lingered in his head as the world around him faded: sweet smelling sheets.


2


When Samuel finally woke he found himself in strange surroundings. Sunlight flittered through the partly closed shutters into a large room, one much larger than his hotel room, with a large mahogany armoire in the corner. Looking around he found that he lay in a matching mahogany bed, large enough to fit three people, side by side, much too large for the room it was in. Sitting up in blurry surprise he noticed that he was shirtless and a clean white bandage covered the wound on his arm. He sniffed at the air and the scent that lingered there touched a memory, one that seemed distant. Sweet smelling sheetsThe memory hit him like a bucket of ice water under the hot summer sun. The mission! He must have passed out on the fire escape. Who was that woman? Hurriedly, with all the questions running through his mind, he jumped out of bed. He felt a wave of dizziness rush over him and quickly lowered himself down again. He waited a few moments until the dizziness passed and got up once more. He felt his arm pulse with pain but he ignored it and stepped out of the room. The short hallway opened up into a living room, which was small and cozy. One wall was filled with books on their shelves, piles and piles of books. They looked like they might have been in order once, but their sheer number made it impossible to stack them up neatly side by side. An eagle, carved out of wood, caught his eye on the uppermost shelf, wings neatly folded on the side with its regal head faced the window to the left, proud and fierce. He wondered at it momentarily and then pushed the thought aside. Across from the bookshelf was a couch, old but well kept, with a flowery pattern of pinks and green. The living room was illuminated by one large window, where the sun shone through brightly, so bright that Samuel had to squint against its glare. On the cushion covered windowsill sat a monkey. Samuels monkey. It was fully awake now and it turned its head from the window to stare at Samuel, its face expressionless as only an animals face can be. Samuel stopped in his tracks, trying not to make any sudden movements that would send the monkey scurrying out of reach. A quick cursory look told him that his sack was nowhere to be found. He would have to capture the monkey without the tranquilizer. Anxious not to leave the monkey alone lest it escape, he decided to use the blanket that was strewn across the couch as a makeshift sack. Slowly he approached, each foot landing softly on the hardwood floor. The monkey didnt move. It just looked at him with its big, brown eyes. A look that unnerved Samuel, made him hesitate. It was a look that said it understood, the acceptance that is reserved for those who know there is no escape, that their debt was being collected. Samuel had seen that look before. He had seen it in the eyes of many of his targets. It was a look that should not unnerve him so, but it did. As they looked at each other in silence, she entered.
She was every bit the angel Samuel had seen on the fire escape, her dark, tanned face peaceful, her almond eyes filled with compassion.
What are you doing out of bed? she asked him sternly, walking quickly to his side and pushing him back the way he came.
I need to leave. Ill take my things and be out of your hair. He replied.
You are not going anywhere. She said. Her voice was soft but her tone was firm. Gently pushing her aside, Samuel turned his attention back to the monkey. As he made a move towards it, the monkey sprung from its perch and swiftly began to climb the bookshelves. Samuel roughly pushed the woman aside and dashed after it, but the monkey was faster. By the time Samuel reached the bookshelf, it was well out of reach. Samuel grabbed hold of top shelf and began to hoist himself up. The monkey scrambled left and right frantically, keeping away from his outstretched hand.
Stop this instant! the woman cried out from behind him, but he ignored her. The monkey was trapped now on the top shelf and with one more step Samuel would have it in within his reach. 
Stop it I said! the woman yelled again and this time Samuel felt her hands on his body as she tried to pull him away. In an instant he lost his balance and the shelves shook as he tried to hold on. Books began to tumble down and he landed heavily on his feet, supported from falling on his back by the woman behind him. All around him books were strewn on the floor and he looked up to see the monkey cry out in triumph. As it scurried across the top shelf, it bumped against the wooden eagle and it fell to the floor with a crash. The wood split down the middle and it fell apart. Samuel heard the woman behind him gasp and release him. She rushed to the fallen eagle and held the pieces in her hand. Her face hid behind the curtain of her hair but he saw her body tremble slightly. Samuel turned to look at the monkey. It stood completely still on its perch and watch the woman intently.
I can uh fix that for you, if you like Samuel offered feeling a little sheepish. Slowly she stood up and turned around to look at him, the pieces of the eagle still in her hands. She looked down at them forlornly before saying, Its broken and it cant be fixed right now. Ill fix it later.
Her eyes turned to him sternly and pulling him by the arm she said, Now, back with you into bed. Itll be best for everybody.
Samuel wanted to argue, and he would have, had it not been for the sadness in her eyes at that moment. He would have liked to push her out of the way and take his things and leave but against all reason he let himself be led away back to the bedroom. As he lay back in bed, he wondered why she had so touched him, why she had caused him to abandon his training and what he knew to be right. He wondered why he hadnt killed her yet. A twist of the neck was all it took, simple, easy and clean. He would wipe down the place, remove all evidence of his ever being there and take the monkey and disappear. He looked at her and felt a sense of hatred rise from his chest into his throat. He swallowed down hard but a bitter taste lingered in his mouth. He watched her kneel down next to the bed and begin to remove his bandage and look at his wound. He grimaced as she rubbed it with alcohol and rubbed some ointment onto it. The more he watched her, the more he felt his hatred intensify. 
Do you even know what youre doing? he demanded through clenched teeth.
She smiled softly and without looking up replied, Yes, as a matter of fact I do. Im a nurse, so Ive done this plenty a time.
Taken in men with bullet wounds into your bed? he said sarcastically. She raised her eyes to his and regarded him silently. A moment later she turned her attention back to his wound, redressing it, and then quickly exiting the room.
He remained awake long after she had left. He felt his anger grow and could do nothing to halt its progress. How dare SHE tell me what to do? How dare she keep me here against my will? And take away whats MINE? He felt the blood begin to run hot in his veins and his hands were stiff and clenched into fists at his side. He felt himself tremble with rage and as his breathing grew rapid, he felt pain sear through his shoulder and into his chest. He gasped at the pain and bit his lip. He focused on his breathing, struggling to bring his body back under his control. He forced his chest to move slowly and breathed long shallow breaths. Channeling all his energy and thoughts to the regular movement of his chest, he felt his body begin to respond. He closed his eyes and began to meditate, just the way the Agency had taught him. I am here for a purpose. The Agency believes in me, otherwise they would not have given me this mission. She is against you now, but soon she will understand why and how the Agency works. She will be shown the true way in time. He unclenched his fists and his muscles began to relax and as he repeated these words time and time again he was slowly lulled into sleep.
Samuel slept better than he had slept in years. A sense of comfort and peace engulfed him that for a brief time he thought of nothing, lost in the bliss of indifference. He did not know how many days he lay there, waking only briefly to eat and relieve himself. All the while she looked over him, unwavering and tireless, but even her presence could not disturb the peace he experienced.
He woke to the dim light of a lamp and shifted his head slightly. He watched as the woman who had saved his life, who had thought it her right to control him, sat curled up, with her legs folded beneath her, in a large armchair next to the bed. Her head was bent over a large, leather-bound volume with a finger lazily twisting a strand of hair. He regarded her thoughtfully for a few moments before venturing to speak.
What do you want with me anyway?
She looked up from the book and smiled softly.
Nothing, really. Once youre well, you will be on your way.
You think youre something special, dont you? he retorted venomously but she merely shrugged.
You know what the problem with you people is? You think you know everything. You think the world turns because of you and you have no idea how insignificant you really are.
She smiled again, What we people know is to do what is right. We know that we must give help whenever it is needed, that we shouldnt harm anyone, that we should live together in peace. But most of all, we know that we should not steal. The stolen monkey which you so kindly brought here is a perfect example of what we know we should not do.
You come near that monkey, lady, and youre a dead woman, he spat menacingly. Again she shrugged and turned back to her book. Samuel held his temper in check and seeing it was useless to argue with her, he turned his mind to other things.
He woke again as the light began to streak in through the shuttered window. He saw the woman asleep in the armchair, her dark hair falling across her face. He felt his feelings for her soften as he studied her. The power of his hate could not diminish the beauty of her face. Suddenly, he felt the strange urge to kiss to her, to feel her perfect full lips on his own, to hold her tight enough so she wouldnt be able to breathe, to show her that it was he who was in control. Pushing these thoughts away, he cautiously extracted himself from under the covers and got out of bed. He found his clothes neatly folded on top of a dresser in the corner. Glancing back to make sure she was still asleep he exited the room and softly closed the door behind him.
In the living room he found the monkey. It sat at the windowsill staring out at the morning sun just as it had done the first day Samuel had seen it. It did not turn around to look at him, but Samuel had the feeling that it knew he was there. Ignoring the monkey, he began to search the house for his things. He searched through the tiny kitchen and its cabinets, underneath the table, and on top of cupboards. He had almost lost hope when he spotted a small wooden door high above the sink in the kitchen. Vaguely he remembered his grandmothers house with its high ceilings and hidden pantries. He remembered climbing up a ladder to fetch something for her and seeing the rats scurrying as he opened the wooden door. That day had been a field day for him and his cousins. All had come to lay down the rat traps and sprinkle cyanide. He remembered the day a rat got caught in the rat trap, how it struggled meekly to move and how his older cousin lifted it up victoriously. Somehow Samuel had felt only guilt as he looked at its feeble body twitch and he had looked away to hide the tears in his eyes. Brushing away the memory from his mind, he fetched the ladder that stood leaning against the wall behind the kitchen door and opened the pantry. Inside he found his sack with all his equipment. Carrying it down triumphantly, he rummaged through it looking for a tranquilizer dart. He knew he had packed more than one but they were nowhere to be found. Frustrated, he proceeded to the living room. He would have to do it without the tranquilizer. The woman was bound to wake up sooner or later and he preferred to leave before she woke.
The monkey continued to sit at the window but now it had turned around to face Samuel. As he approached, the monkey did not move, and even when Samuel was close enough to touch it, it only stared at him. Without knowing why, Samuel began talking to it.
Look little fellow, I dont like this any more than you do. But its my job and you dont belong here. I know you like her, but you have to come with me now. His voice was soft as he whispered to it. He wasnt sure what purpose his words served but he said them anyway. Putting an arm around the monkeys shoulders Samuel pulled it towards the open sack. The monkey did not resist.
Well my little ape friend, you and I are going to take a little trip. I just need to put you in this bag for now, ok? Gently Samuel placed the sack over its head and around its shoulders until it covered it completely. The monkey did not so much as flinch. It groaned slightly when Samuel finally zipped the sack shut but otherwise it made no sound. Quickly, and with a sigh of relief, Samuel went out the front door and shut it behind him.

3


Heidi Sphynx stretched and yawned. She felt like a cat waking up from a long nap in the sun. She smiled to herself as she rubbed her eyes and stretched her legs from their cramped position. A part of her vaguely missed sleeping in the comfort of her bed, but the other part of her, the part of her that knew what was right, dismissed the thought quickly lest it fester. She took comfort in the comfort of others, because that was how it should be. Relishing her stretch for a little longer than usual, she sighed and opened her eyes to check on her guest. She blinked in surprise at the empty bed and jumped out of her seat. How could he have gotten out of bed without her noticing? She had always been a light sleeper. Making haste she began to search her modest apartment. She could not find him in the living room, nor could she find him in the kitchen. The bathroom was also empty. The monkey, the poor monkey, was nowhere in sight. She felt the dread creep into her body as she rushed back into the kitchen. Her hands trembled as they placed the ladder against the wall above the sink and her feet shook with each step. She took in a deep breath and opened the latch only to find that her suspicions had been confirmed. He had found his things and he had gone. He had gone and taken the monkey with him.
Tears sprung into her eyes at her feeling of helplessness. Like a mother who knows her rebellious son, she knew in her heart that this man was not there to help the monkey. She knew that his mind was crowded with malignant thoughts that would bring only pain and misery to all those he encountered. She knew all this, but still she helped him. When she saw him lying on her fire escape, wounded and weak, she could do only what she knew to be right. She would nurse him back to health. She had never thought to look through his sack had it not moved so violently. Surprised, she opened it to find a monkey spring out in a flurry of motion. Disoriented, hurt and scared, the monkey kept out of her reach. For more than a day she tried to coax it down from its high perch above the bookshelves but it refused. Hunger soon got the best of it, and gently, patiently, Heidi nursed it too. With these memories fresh in her mind, she walked back into her living room and went to the windowsill where the monkey had liked to sit. She found half the eagle lying there and picked it up. She began to feel her knees tremble and her legs crumble beneath her. Sitting heavily on the monkeys favorite spot, she hugged her knees close to her chest and cried.
The next two days she spent in bed, sad and worn out. Even though she knew there were people who needed her care at the hospital where she worked, she found that she could not go. She had never expected to receive anything in return for her aid, aid that she freely gave. She had worked as a nurse and caretaker for most of her young life and the helping of others was gratification enough. To receive nothing was expected, nay, required. But to receive treachery in return was more than she could bear. For two days she could not drive the picture of the monkey from her mind, nor the picture of its captor, sullen and haughty during wakefulness, yet peaceful and tender during sleep. What had she really hoped to achieve? The thought tormented her. To keep him captive against his will? To convince him to free the monkey? He had put his life in danger, received a bullet that could have easily hit his heart instead of his shoulder, had the shooter been better at taking aim. No. His path was set and she could have never prevented it. A part of her chided her for not calling the police but she mistrusted them. Motives of money were all they knew and she doubted they would deal justice. No. She should have taken the monkey away when she had the chance.
For the next few days she felt regret eat her up inside. There is nothing worse than remorse to chip away at ones soul. She found that she could not work with the same passion, she could not care for the patients in their beds without being distracted. She had betrayed herself and the feeling hurt worse than his betrayal. There was only one thing to do, she knew. Determined, she set out to find him.
Native to Greytown, Heidi had no doubts as to getting information about him. Heidi was born and raised in Greytown. Her parents had died when she was very young, leaving her a considerable fortune. Her father was high-born, from the days of old, when nobility still ruled much of the country. His family had owned much land, most of it farmlands, but a few mines also fell under their name. Having spent most of his life building upon what he had inherited, Amon Sphynx watched his fortune grow and that of Greytown with it. He was good man, who had given much to city, and more to its people. Heidi knew this from the stories she had heard, the books she had read. She was but five when her father died and her mother followed him soon after. She had very little memory of her parents, only their death lingered in her mind. But her parents had left her with a gift that surpassed all others. Having kept detailed journals of their lives, Heidi had gotten to know them intimately. She had read those journals religiously throughout her youth, their words imprinted in her mind. Everyone deserves my love, even those who seem black at heart. I must remember they were once pure and that blackness comes from great injustices done to them, to heal them is to make the blackness will fade, wrote her mother. The only way to find peace is by helping others, to never stop giving is the secret to eternal youth, wrote her father. Heidi remembered those words every day and she found comfort in their goodness. At eighteen she left the mansion and began to study nursing. One by one, she relinquished her familys fortune to help those in need, to build schools, hospitals, and orphanages. Especially orphanages. She knew what it meant to lose ones parents, and although her wound had healed with time, the scar had remained.
Repeating her parents words in her head, she set out on her search. Through her family connections and her own work, she had gained the favor of many in Greytown. She viewed Greytown as her city, not in the way a nobleman might view his lands and estates and those who resided in them, but rather like a mother who with pride, watched her children grow and prosper. She had her connections, not in the manner of mayors and statesmen, but in the manner of working men, those who labor and toil the day away, who see things that those high above in their seats do not see. She started at her building. She talked to the security man, who she aided in finding the job, the garbage truck driver whose daughter she helped stay off drugs, the homeless man who stayed at one of her shelters, the waitress whose husband she nursed back to health. It was these people who truly owned Greytown, who knew the comings and goings of its people. It was them who noticed strangers and strange happenings, and it was them who would help her. And help her they did. Little by little she followed his trail. Try as he might he could not hide from these people. Their eyes were ever watchful, ever suspicious of strangers and that he was. The trail took her to his small hotel downtown. The man behind the desk was an old acquaintance of hers, one she had helped on numerous occasions. He was all too happy to help her, giving her details of his comings and goings, the name with which he was registered, which Heidi doubted was his real name. She knew that he had taken a taxi to the airport at precisely midday and after searching the flight schedules, there was only one flight that he could have possibly taken. She booked a ticket and waited for the flight to New Fort.
Finding him at New Fort would not be easy, that Heidi knew. She did not even know his name. During his stay at her apartment, they had barely spoken. But she knew his face well. She had spent many a night watching him sleep, cooling his fevered brow with a damp cloth. She knew him and she would find him.
For three days and three nights she roamed the streets. She searched in every bar, every caf, every store. She had walked all day until her feet were sore and all her muscles ached. She slept scantly in a small room she had rented in an inn only to be awoken with a sense of urgency. Precious time had already been lost. She did not know why finding this one animal had gripped her so. There were many others, and many people, yet suffering in the world but something about the monkey and its keeper haunted her. She found she could not sleep, could not eat, could not even let her mind wander aimlessly. Perhaps it was because they were within her grasp and in her carelessness she had let them escape. She was only grateful that New Fort was not a great a city as Greytown. Its streets were few by comparison, cut in straight lines crossing one another at equal intervals. Newly built and well planned it made the search somewhat easier, although it was no easy task.
Heidi had already formed an opinion of the man without ever sharing his mind. She could see in his face and his form, how he held himself when he was sick, that he held a certain pride in himself. That he was accomplished in his line of business, Heidi had no doubt. His clothes were well made and well kept, his equipment expensive. His body was well trained, muscular and trim, and even though his face was not pleasant to look at, he had confidence in the set of his jaw and the intensity of his gaze when he was awake. There was however something else that she sensed. While he slept his face betrayed a softness, something that he buried when he woke. She knew that he would only frequent high-end places, with high prices and cheap clientele. That she knew by instinct. Equipping herself with clothes of the latest fashion, she gained entrance into those venues where she sought to find him. There she lingered with false smiles and empty words, always searching and always trying to find ways to ask about him without being noticed.
After a week had gone by, Heidi had grown tired and worn out. She realized that she could not go on the way she had, on little sleep and food, and decided that it was best to take her rest when she could and eat when she must, even though her appetite had often failed her. With new resolve and energy she continued her search, day after day after day. She was relentless in her pursuit. She would not fail.
It was during her third week in New Fort that she finally came across Samuel. She spotted him in a trendy bar on Silver Street called Glow. The place was newly opened and with her charm she had managed to gain access to the VIP section. She had worn a short gown of pure white that hugged her slim form and accentuated her dark skin. It was both modest and enticing, and a few words said to the bouncer were enough to let her in. She was careful to stay hidden in a shadowy corner as she watched him sip his drink. He sat with two other men and a woman; the men smartly dressed in suits, the woman in a long revealing gown. He sat back in his chair, his long legs stretched out before him in a lazy, careless fashion. Although his posture suggested confidence and ease, she noticed how his eyes wandered around the room in unease. Fearing discovery, she entered into a conversation with a man standing nearby, positioning him so that he hid her from Samuels line of vision. Intent on watching Samuel and keeping herself hidden, she paid little attention to what the man said. She distractedly answered his questions and filled in the conversation with small noises where she felt they were necessary. Some time had passed before she realized that the man had wrapped his arm around her waist and somewhere in the back of her mind a light flickered. She noted the closeness of his body to hers and brushed the thought away. She glanced over to where Samuel sat and felt her vision grow blurry. She shook her head and squinted. He was still there. She breathed a sigh of relief and sipped at her drink. The man seemed much closer than he was before and she felt his lips brush against her ear and heard him whisper something she could not understand. She tried to push him away with her hand but her attempts seemed only to bring him closer. As she set her glass down on the bar she heard a loud crash. People turned to look at her, surprise and annoyance written on their faces. The man had moved back and released her to look down at his feet. Following his gaze she saw the broken glass on the ground. The bar had moved and her glass had landed on the floor. The bar had moved? She asked herself in wonder. She studied her hands and watched as her fingers disobeyed her orders. Her vision blurred once more and she closed her eyes. She felt an arm wrap around her waist once more and heard words uttered as if through water. How much have I had to drink? She asked herself. Not much. She opened her eyes once more and stared into the face of the man she had been talking to. He had been slowly steering her towards the exit, holding her close to him. Get away! Get away! a voice in her head urged. She tried to speak but her mouth was full of sand. Her feet had been replaced by lead but still she moved forward. She seemed attached to this man, this handsome, blond-haired man. Inside her fuddled mind something stirred. She felt in her core that something had gone terribly wrong, and as fear gripped her she felt herself lose control of her body. Her eyelids, now heavy, threatened to remain shut, and her head tipped onto her shoulder. She felt her heart thump in her chest and focused her thoughts on its steady beat. Something had gone terribly wrong. She stopped resisting her body and let it slip to the floor. Vaguely she felt the arm try to hold her up but she didnt want it to. She put more force on her weight until she felt her body touch the ground. She opened her eyes and looked into the handsome face and shuddered. Gathering what little energy she had, she opened her mouth as he bent over her to pick her up and found his cheek. She clamped down as hard as she could and heard his shriek drift to her ears. She ground her teeth once more before all became darkness.
Heidi blinked against the bright light. Her head felt heavy and she longed for water to quench the terrible thirst she felt. Ive never been so thirstyLifting her head brought on a wave of dizziness. Sitting up she cradled her head in her hands and tried to block away the light from her eyes. What the hell happened, she muttered to herself. She waited for a few moments for the dizziness to subside and then opened her eyes. They stung but she was determined to keep them open. Looking around slowly she found herself sitting on the ground in a small alleyway. Her white dress was caked with mud and torn. Her breast was covered in dried blood that left dark red stains on her dress. Sucking a breath through her teeth, she tried to concentrate. The effort made her head hurt and she felt her pulse throbbing in her forehead. What the hell happened? she asked again loudly. Still holding onto her head, she slowly stood up and leaned against the wall of a nearby building. Her legs trembled at the effort and a sensation of nausea crept up her throat. She struggled to regain her sense of balance and failed. Unable to suppress her nausea she leaned over and retched. She vomited until her body shook with convulsions and her breath caught in her chest. A fit of coughing followed where she felt her lungs were forcing their way out of her chest. The fit subsided and she sunk back down onto the ground and felt the tears stream down her face. What the hell happened she whispered softly and then buried her face in her knees and cried.
When there were no more tears left to cry, Heidi found that she felt much better. Her dizziness had receded leaving only a dull headache in its place. She no longer felt sick and found that somehow she was hungry. Although her body ached, she found no outward signs of harm and found that the blood on her dress was not hers. Standing up and removing the heels that still remained on her feet, she walked out of the alley and into the street. Whether or not people stared at her as she walked by, she did not notice, her mind was bent on recalling the events from the previous night. She had found the man she sought and had been eying him carefully. She had engaged in a conversation with a stranger, a handsome looking man, whom, she vaguely recalled, had shown interest in her. And then, suddenly she seemed to lose control over her body. There was no reason for it, she had been careful not to drink, to keep her wits about her. The man had offered to buy her a drink and she had accepted, but she had sipped at it sparingly. If it was not the alcohol, what could it have been? The only thought that occurred to her was of having been drugged. She had heard news often enough about date-rape drugs and had seen enough cases at the hospital to believe in them. But had this man really tried to drug her? And was he so incapable of having a woman of her own accord that he resorted to such low and disgusting measures? She tried to bring the mans face into memory but its details remained unclear. She had not paid much attention to him as her attention had been diverted elsewhere, but from what she remembered, he seemed handsome enough with his sparkling blue eyes and his bright smile. He was well built, that she remembered, broad of shoulder and slim. Could such a man so well-endowed truly not be capable of finding a willing woman? Or did he take some sick pleasure in catching his prey and then throwing them onto the street? Heidi found herself sickened by the thought of it and as she entered her hotel room, decided to go immediately to the hospital.
At the hospital her doubts were confirmed. She had indeed been drugged but other than that there were no signs of rape. For that she was truly grateful. She supposed her struggle had been too much for him and that perhaps her wounding him had relieved him of his desires. Filing a police report as well as she could, she left the hospital and went back to the hotel. After having a small meal, she closed the shutters of the window and went to sleep.


4


Heidi awoke feeling refreshed and much recovered. She found that her appetite had returned with a vengeance and her stomach rumbled loudly. Dressing quickly, she proceeded to find a place to eat and there began to think about her next move. She thought about the club on Silver Street and wondered about the man who had drugged her. She had already resigned herself to going there again. She was certain to find the man she was looking for there one more time. Feeling a slight wave of fear at meeting the man who had drugged her, she pushed it away and began devising a plan.
It was three days since the unfortunate event and Friday night found her standing in front of Glow. She was a blond this time, in a long, flowing black gown with a plunging neckline. She hesitated only a moment and then went in. The bouncer at the door smiled at her as his eyes strayed to her rounded breasts. The dress produced the effect she had wanted, she mused. Her wig felt uncomfortably hot on her head even as the cool air from the air-conditioned club surrounded her and its long bangs kept falling into her eyes. She made her way up to the VIP section with ease, just like the night before and she felt confident that no one would recognize her. The VIP section was a round room with a great wooden bar on one side, its dark wood sparkling with polish. Across the bar stood some dozen tables, equally sparkling and clean, with brown leather chairs that looked well-kept and yet worn enough to make them exceedingly comfortable. She had arrived early to avoid making an entrance and chose a seat against the far wall which had a clear view of the door. As the previous night, the room was dimly lit and she found solace in the shadows. Having purchased her own drink from the bar, she began to make light conversation with those around her, ever watchful of the door for both the man she sought and her assailant.
When the monkey thief finally walked in, Heidi held her breath. She watched as he sat at his usual table and became engaged with those already there. Heidi divided her attention between her table and his, careful to have her glass cradled in her lap the entire time. The night wore on and just when Heidi thought he would never leave, the man got up, exchanged parting words with his company and left, with a blond woman hanging on his arm. Heidi excused herself and followed him out. Maintaining a distance between them she followed him to the exit of Glow and crossed the street. Getting into her rented car, she fiddled slightly with the rearview mirror to stall for time. The valet brought his car around and he got in without a second glance and drove off. Heidi was quick to follow.
The drive was uneventful. If he had taken notice that she followed him, he did not show it. Heidi watched as he entered a tall building and there she waited till the next morning. A little before nine she saw the blond exit, wearing the same dress she wore the night before and his car still remained parked. Satisfied that this was his place of residence, she noted down the license plate numbers and sped back to her hotel.
She continued to watch his movements over the next few days and acquainting herself with the people who worked in and near the building. Discreetly she gathered information. She found out that he was not well-liked by the people in employment. The doorman often found him rude and arrogant, the cleaning lady felt he did not pay her enough to clean his mess and often looked at her scornfully. It was not difficult for Heidi to quickly gain their confidence and although she hated having to abuse this confidence, it was through them that she discovered which apartment he lived in and also the means to gain access by acquiring a copy of his key. She convinced herself it was the greater good and reconciled her doubts by making a copy and returning the original without anyone taking notice. That being done, she waited outside until she saw him drive off in his car and then proceeded into the building and up to his apartment. She had kept track of the doorman and the maids schedule and ensured they would not be around to see her enter. Slipping her copy of the key into the lock, she opened the door and stepped inside.
Once inside, Heidi began her search at once. She checked the living room, with its sparse, expensive furniture, the bedroom with its over-sized bed and walk-in closet. She looked under the bed and in the closets. She opened drawers and on finding nothing, proceeded into the rest of the house. The kitchen was clean and well kept. It looked like no cooking had ever taken place there. She opened cupboards that were mostly empty and even looked in the refrigerator, but the monkey was nowhere to be found. It was while she was kneeling to look under the kitchen sink that she heard the sound of a door closing. Frozen on her knees she listened. Soft footsteps sounded on the rich, carpeted floors and Heidi jumped into frenzied action. Positioning herself behind the island, she sat down and held her breath, willing her heart to stop its loud, agonized pounding.


5


Samuel entered his apartment in a rush. He had forgotten his damned gun again. It was so typical of him to forget things and although it angered him, he couldnt seem to make his head remember, try as he might. Hed had quite a lot on his mind lately. That woman from Greytown had somehow found him it seems. Ever since he saw her at Glow, his nerves had been on edge. He was certain it was her, he never forgot a face, but how she had found him was beyond him. He had ordered Martin to get rid of her, but that damned Martin had done it all wrong. He couldnt keep her under control and had made it into a scene. Samuel had stayed away but cursed Martin under his breath. Then later that night, when Martin came to him, his face all bloody, he raised hell, demanding an explanation. Samuel couldnt give him any. The Agency had no idea about her and they would not take kindly to his act of compassion of leaving her alive. Worse yet, they would say he was getting soft and perhaps end his life and hers together.
These thoughts plagued his mind as he walked briskly to his bedroom. Pushing aside the painting that hung over his bed, he began to open his safe. He fumbled with dial for a moment before getting the combination right and pulling it open. He took out the gun, closed the safe and headed towards the door. Just as he was about to exit, the phone rang. He sighed in frustration before answering.
Yea?
Hi Samuel, its Drake. Im calling to tell that we wont be needing you at the Agency today. The Chiefs in meetings all day and he wont be available.
I see. And my next mission?
To be decided. Youll be getting a call from me about a time and place.
Ok, he said while suppressing a groan.
Till then.
Till then. He put the phone back into his pocket and walked back into the living room. Throwing himself on the couch, he stretched his legs and looked around the room. He ran his hands over the soft white leather couch and smiled. He had spent a fortune on this apartment, but it was worth it. He had finally managed to achieve what no one in his family had been able to. He remembered his parents old house, small and crowded, with chipping paint and creaking doors. He remembered how cramped the living room, how inadequate the furnishing. He remembered sharing a tiny bedroom with his three siblings and how he was told to count himself lucky for only have three. Things were different now. If only his family could see him now. He had tried to take care of his family, but they had refused his help. His mother would not leave her house for another, although he offered her one vastly superior, nor would his brothers accept any of his money. He remembered how angry it had all made him, but upon finding them stubborn and immovable, he let them be. All the more for me then, he thought. He had taken great pains to make this apartment exactly the way rich people would, rich people like him. The living room was sparsely furnished, simple yet elegant, with hard cold lines of modernity. The leather couch stood in the middle of the room in front of a plush grey carpet, before it stood a large wooden table, smooth and black. His eyes wandered to the large flat screen television that hung on the wall and as he switched it on using the remote control conveniently placed beside him, he heard the sound come from all around him, emitted from speakers that hid in corners around the room. The purity of the sound never disappointed him as he closed his eyes to listen. Another crime was committed somewhere, the news reporter was saying. Another one goes, another one lives, he thought. His eyes wandered to the large windows facing the city skyline. He thought about her. She looked so lovely and radiant at Glow and even though she made his blood run cold in his veins, he longed to stare at her face, to study it like he had those many weeks ago, her flawless dark skin, her soft, glistening hair, her warm almond eyes. Her face had haunted him these last weeks. He could not understand how she could arouse in him feelings that were so conflicted. He hated her with all his soul and he wanted her with equal passion. He longed to possess her and his regret for not killing himself gnawed away at him. He wanted her for himself and he would not share her with anybody, and if strangling her was the only way to guarantee her possession, then so be it. She was constantly on his mind and the stab of regret made him grimace.  Martin had told him he had taken care of her and Samuel needed no further details. How could he have sent Martin after her? Why should Martin take the pleasure that had been denied him? He felt the jealousy burn in his chest and his nostrils flared.  Her face floated in front of his like a ghost and he closed his eyes and let his mind explore it. That beautiful face. He breathed deeply and he fancied he could smell her again. That wonderful, sweet smell of fresh spring that had filled her small apartment lingered in his nostrils. How he missed that smell! He felt it take him to her room, with the bright sunlight flittering through the shutters and her soft sheets against his skin. The memory was vividly imprinted in his mind that for a moment he lost himself to its embrace. Suddenly coming out of his reverie, he sat up and opened his eyes. He sniffed at the air twice and started. The smell was there. Shes here! Spinning around he came face to face with her. She stood behind the couch, motionless, with her eyes on the television screen. She did not see him turn around; in fact she seemed to not even realize he was there. Quickly glancing at the screen, he saw a man giving a speech in a press conference. He ignored it and reached for the gun he had left on the table. Still she didnt move. He stood and faced her and pointed the gun to her face. He watched a single tear roll down her cheek and her face turn red with rage. She clenched her fists at her side and the muscles in her jaw worked violently. Her eyes moved to meet his, so fierce and filled with rage that he recoiled away. With deliberate slowness she unclenched her fist and raised her arm, pointing at the television. He continued to point the gun at her face as he glanced at the screen. The same man was still speaking, and he listened to the broken, interrupted speech, poorly delivered. He understood very little of what was said but she stood fast in her place, throwing her head back in defiance before speaking.
See what you have done. These are the fruits of your labor.
How did you get in here? I spared you once before but it seems to be my destiny to have your death on my hands.
Kill me if you will. I am but one of your many victims. You have destroyed thousands in your ignorance and your greed. One more body will have little effect on you. When I looked upon your sleeping face, there on my fire escape, there in my bed, I saw something of a man in you. I see it still, but you have nearly buried it and soon it will die completely, deprived of all that is good and pure. Kill me and you lose any hope to redeem yourself.
Samuel hesitated. His finger trembled on the trigger. Her soft face had turned hard but even in its hardness there was a beauty that stirred the feelings that he had been struggling to understand. He did not lower the gun but inside a war raged. For weeks he had dreamed of this moment but here she stood now, in his house and alive, defying all his defenses. That she could so easily find her way to his apartment, to fight off Martin, was evidence of her courage and resourcefulness. He found that his admiration for her grew as did his hatred. She will be mine before this is over. The thought brought a smile to his lips and lowering his arm he motioned for her to take a seat on the couch. She took it, her posture proud and pulled taut like a bowstring ready to be let loose. He sat across from her, his gun on his knee.
So, what can I do you for?
I want you to right the wrong you did, the wrong that I unwillingly helped you do.
The monkey? Lady, you must be crazy. That monkey is long gone. He laughed.
Not so. She said calmly and glanced at the television. Thats it there.
Samuel looked at the screen still playing the news conference. There where?
There, she said pointing, at the podium. In the dark blue suit.
Samuel laughed so hard he began to choke and tears streamed down his face. Lady, youre crazy. Thats the best joke Ive heard yet.
Its no joke. Look at it. I would know those eyes anywhere. They have done something to it, shaved the fur off its face and hands, but that is the monkey. I assure you.
Yes and taught it how to talk to, I presume. I have to admit he talks more like a monkey than he does a man, but thats no reason to insult the poor bastard. But that, my friend, is the new CEO of Papyrus Mills. Newly appointed and expected to turn that ancient company around, or so they say. He looks rather incompetent to me, but thats all other issue. Most of the people in this world are incompetent, but they cant all be monkeys.
Heidi smiled then, a mystical, knowing smile. You may ridicule me if you wish, but I know it to be true. I dont know how they did it, but they did. That is no human man. I dont know how or why, but you will help me find out and put this poor creature out of its misery.
Samuel looked at her with genuine incredulity. This woman has completely lost it, he thought, best to kill her and get it over with then. Assuming I believe you, which mind you I dont, how do you propose I do that?
Ask the people you work for. What did you do to the monkey after you left me?
I gave it to the people who wanted it, then I forgot about it. Its not my concern what they did to it. My part was over.
Then its settled. You will find out what information you can. I will be in contact with you. She made a move to leave but just as she began to stand, Samuel pointed the gun towards her.
Settled? Oh nothing is settled. Sit back down. Why should I even listen to you? Give me one reason why I shouldnt just kill you now? his voice hardening again. He was so close to taking what she shouldve taken weeks ago that he could feel the muscles in his upraised arm tremble. 
She smiled at him again. For one, itll be messy to kill me, here and now. It would also be highly unfortunate to trace the murder back to you if I was to be killed elsewhere. I have left details of your person, your address, license plate number, everything that could be used to identify you, to be released to the public if any harm should befall me. You may think me mad, but I assure you I am not. I do not like to resort to this type of manipulation, but when there is no choice, I must. She paused for a moment and Samuel felt his pleasure shriveling up inside of him and the sense of fear creep under his skin. We are bound, you and I, by some force I know not, but I can feel it. You may think me superstitious and maybe I am, but I know that something brought you to me that night. I could not refuse you shelter, as I have never known to refuse a man shelter or assistance, but when I looked upon your face, I knew you were of import. I knew it deep within me and I could not ignore it.
Speak plainly woman! Your funny talk is trying my patience, he growled, turning red with rising anger. Who the hell are you anyway and how the hell did you get in here?
Yes, introductions are in order, Im sorry. My name is Heidi Sphynx. My family has been the caretaker of Greytown for generations, and should the family continue through me, it will be so for many generations to come. I fear that I am the last living survivor of the Sphynxes. You will not find our history in the books, but among the old families and the poor, you will hear our stories told. I have no legal authority in Greytown, but be that as it may, I assure you that is of no consequence. Authority is not to be found in empty titles and offices, it is to be found in the hearts of the people. The people who are rundown and degraded every day by those very people who should serve them. Never underestimate the wrath of such patient people as those, for when they are roused, there is nothing capable of bringing them again under authority.
And what is that to me?
Bio Chemicals have done a great wrong by this monkey, and now, the people you work for have made it into an imposter, the CEO of Papyrus Mills as you so kindly pointed out, the oldest and largest enterprise in Greytown. Half the people are employed by Papyrus Mills and the other half depend on it, one way or the other. This company, the company my forefathers started to advance Greytown and benefit its people, is now given over to your employers, hidden behind the mask of a puppet, or worse yet, left to the whims of a monkey who knows no better than to run it to the ground. Heidi paused for a moment, her steady eyes fixing on Samuels with a violent rage boiling in its dark depths. They will not destroy it, she said with clenched teeth. I will not allow it. And you, you who are their instrument, hold as much blame as they, whether you knew it or not. You will help me, for no one else can.
Samuel looked at her, his anger clearly showing in the crimson blotches on this face and neck. He felt his anger rise and took a deep breath to steady himself. Assuming what she said was true that her whereabouts were well known, he could not kill her just yet. But he could not engage with the madness of this woman. She was clearly insane. He did not seem to have much choice in the matter, so after a moments hesitation, he got to his feet and held her arm tightly enough to leave marks upon her skin. He pushed her roughly into the bedroom, and retrieving a pair of cuffs from one of his many drawers, he secured her wrists behind her back and placed a gag over her mouth. Leaving her there, he exited the room and locked it behind him.


6


Samuel paced the room impatiently. This woman had put his life in danger. He could not see a way out that would leave him unscathed. If he informed the Agency of his plight, they would kill him before he could lead anyone to them, and if he killed her, his identity would finally be brought to light, and fearing any connection with him, the Agency would kill him before the police did. He was a dead man either way. He had always thought he would be ready when death came knocking on his door, but somehow it had taken him by surprise. He knew the dangers of this job and had accepted them. He had endured test after test of his commitment to the Agency and had been led to believe they offered him the same commitment in return, but it has become recently clear to him that it had all been a lie. He had carried this doubt inside him for the last few years but had been unable to accept it. Now it shone as clearly as the sun on a bright summer day. He was a dead man. The Agency would abandon him in a heartbeat. Already he felt himself slipping away.
He recalled to memory his conversation with Drake earlier today. We wont be needing you at the Agency today. The mission had been doomed to fail from the start, Samuel could see that now. It was all too easy, even with his injury. He shouldve been dead, but she had saved him. He had been angry at the Agency for giving him a mission so much beneath him, and then he had failed at completing it discreetly. The face of Angelina Swarksy floated suddenly before his eyes. He had studied her picture at length, trying to explain to himself why she seemed so familiar. He had seen her face before, he was certain of it. The more he concentrated, the more the image blurred in his mind and at length, with much frustration, he let it slip away again. He thought about Heidi, about her strange manner and stranger talk. Having some inkling of what Martin might have done, he could not help admiring her persistence and determination, although why Martin left her alive was another matter. He smiled to himself. Somehow it felt right that she should not die. He frowned. The realization that he was truly glad she was alive troubled him. Like his pacing legs, his mind continued to pull him to and fro, until he slumped on the couch in frustration. Biting his lower lip and gnawing on his fingers, he was struck with a nervousness he had not felt since before he joined the Agency. Martin! What had Martin told the Agency about the incident at Glow? Samuel had merely given him instructions to get rid of her, but surely Martin understood that to mean that she was a danger to him, and therefore the Agency. Could he have told Drake? Could that be the reason why Drake had brushed him off? Surely Martin knew Heidi was still alive. She had no visible signs of injury, perhaps a slight limp, but it was hard for Samuel to say whether or not she had had that previously. Could the Agency be plotting to get rid of him even now?
Samuel found that he could not shake these dark thoughts and as the fear sunk its teeth deeper into his mind, he knew he had to get away, and quickly. Jumping into action he rushed into his bedroom and taking out a rucksack began stuffing it with various clothe items. This completed, he opened the safe hidden behind the portrait over his bed and extracted its contents. Packing what he wanted of them, he took the rest to the kitchen. Filling a large pot with water and bleach, he brought it to a boil. Tearing each document from his safe into smaller pieces, he dumped them into the pot and watched as the water boiled and the bleach dissolve all the ink into illegible markings. This process completed to his satisfaction, he poured the pots contents into the toilet and flushed it out of sight. Moving now with calculated speed, he returned to the bedroom and placed the rucksack over his shoulder. He caught sight of Heidi on the floor near the dresser just as he was about to leave. She looked at him with unblinking eyes that held no expectations. He sighed. He would have to take her with him. She had given him no choice. Pulling her roughly to her feet, he pushed her in front of him and out the door.
Im going to have to remove these cuffs and this gag, but one sudden move, one scream, and I will kill you. I promise you that, he said in the elevator. Heidi nodded solemnly and quickly he uncuffed her and removed the gag. Keeping a fast pace and a tight hold on her arm, Samuel left the building, nodding to the doorman in passing.
Wheres your car? he asked Heidi.
Over there. She said pointing at a rented sedan parked at the end of the block.
Gimme the keys, he said and he hurried towards it. Once inside, he wasted no time and drove off.
They drove all day that day, stopping only briefly to stretch their legs. Samuel felt plagued by his ideas and even though Heidi had tried to speak to him, he wouldnt listen. She compromised me, he thought and as his thoughts got darker, so did his mood. He wasnt entirely sure where he was headed. Taking various twists and turns in the city, he finally felt safe enough to take the highway out. His eyes wandered often to the rear-view mirror but no cars seemed to be following them. Cursing himself for not having an escape plan ready as he had often thought of doing, he drove well into the night until he felt his eyelids grow heavy. Weary and with muddled thoughts, he stopped at the first motel in sight. After having paid in cash, Samuel and Heidi checked into a shabby double room, with two twin beds and a small bathroom. The room smelt musty and old. The carpet was stained and dirty. It might have been blue once, but now it was a dark and stained, packed with the dirt of many footsteps. Replacing the cuffs on Heidis wrist and locking the door securely, Samuel lay down on a bed and promptly fell asleep.
Samuels sleep was not an easy one. Dreams plagued his slumber, images filled with pain and loss. Faces floated up to meet his, all dark and dangerous, bent upon his destruction. He saw Drake smiling, his teeth turned sharp as daggers, as he pushed him off the cliff. Ms. Swarksys eyes were wicked and mocking as he begged her for help. And the monkey. That damned monkeys face became fused with the man on the television, with its big, round eyes, liquid brown, deep and endless. Finally came her face. Heidi. She looked at him with sorrow enough to break a mans heart and her tears flowed freely on her cheeks. He woke up in a cold sweat and out of breath as if he had run for miles. Wiping his brow, he looked around. The room was dark, the curtains drawn and the door closed. He heard the sound of regular breathing emanating from the bed next to his and knew that Heidi slept. Getting up, he softly walked to the bathroom and shut the door. Running the water in the sink, he held his head beneath the tap and reveled in its icy chill. He looked into his blood-shot eyes in the mirror and wondered where he had gone wrong. He thought of his early days at the Agency, how his broken heart had bled and his mind was buried in anguish. He thought of how he found peace in their trainings, learned to heal through meditating. They taught him all those things and more. They taught him how the world destroyed men like him, how those with power cared nothing for those without, how they were all being used as stepping stones for corrupt men, men without remorse, without salvation. They taught him to fight against the system, to destroy it from within, to bring justice and freedom to the down-trodden and the weak.
Why did he suddenly feel uneasy?
What about those he hurt? He had never questioned any of his orders. After all, what did he know of the workings of those in power? The more he thought on it, the more he realized that he had never been privy to any information. There were no justifications offered, no answers given. He had followed them silently, loyally, like a new born puppy following its mother. And for the first time since he joined the Agency he began to think.


7


It was approaching dawn when Heidi awoke from an uncomfortable, troubled sleep. Her wrists and arms hurt from the strain. She could feel the cuffs chaff at her raw skin. She opened her eyes to see Samuel watching her. His eyes were swollen and bloodshot. He looked like he had been awake all night and as he looked into her eyes, he scowled at her. Blinking the sleep away from her eyes, she struggled to sit up. His scowled deepened before he spoke, Before we leave, I want you to call whoever it is who protects you and tell them youre safe. Mind you, dont even think about telling them where you are. And keep it short, thirty seconds, not a second more.
If I remove the gag, do you promise not to call for help?
Heidi nodded solemnly. As he removed the gag from her mouth, she breathed a sigh of relief and licked her dry, chapped lips. Her mouth was sore and she chewed softly at her tongue to work her cramped muscles. Gruffly, Samuel pulled her to her feet and removed the cuffs once more. She rubbed her sore wrists and with his hand firmly holding her arm, they left the room.
They had driven for around a quarter hour before Samuel stopped at a payphone. Closing himself in the booth with her, he watched her dial her home number. She hadnt really told anyone about her whereabouts, there wasnt really anyone to tell. She reassured her answering machine quickly while watching Samuel out of the corner of her eye. His scowl remained fixed on his face and his eyes looked dark and troubled. Finishing her one-sided conversation in the allotted time, she promptly hung up and turned to face him. He looked into her eyes for a few minutes and then turned away, pulling her with him back into the car.
They drove for hours in silence. Heidi had tried once or twice to coax him out of his shell and then gave up. She was frustrated by his silence and their lack of direction. He seemed to be driving in circles, from one highway to another, without reaching any destination. She noticed how frequently he scratched at his face, how sunken his eyes had become surrounded by their dark circles. Still he drove on. Heidi found herself struggling to stay awake and it wasnt long before she dozed off.
When she woke she found that they were parked on the side of the road. Samuels dark form paced back and forth restlessly in front of the car and all around them was darkness. She looked up at the sky and saw the stars twinkling almost within her grasp. It was a moonless night and Heidi shuddered involuntarily. Rubbing her arms from the chill, she watched Samuels shade for a moment before stepping out.
He did not pause in his motion as she approached him. He seemed to be lost in his thoughts, his legs following their trodden path with blind, religious fervor. She watched him for a moment, trying to discern his face in the darkness and then stood in his path. He stopped suddenly, taken aback, seeming to have forgotten her entirely.
What do you want? he hissed.
To talk. You gain nothing but simply digging yourself into the ground. Besides there are easier ways to do that then pacing, she replied folding her arms to chest.
Leave me! You will be the death of me, with all your madness of talking monkeys. It was a bloody monkey for Gods sake! One monkey from a jungle full of monkeys! And you went and made it into a martyr! All you pacifists are alike, you animal lovers. Would you rather live in the jungle? Answer me, if it wasnt for all the comforts that our forefathers built, where would you be now? Dead in the mouth of the very animal you tried to save. Hed be having you for supper! Its top of the food chain and all that trash. Dont you get it? If it wasnt for people like me, youd all be dead! We take away the dangers that you do not even know exist. That monkey was a danger, I removed it. And now you track me down, put my life in danger, for what? Some ill-founded sense of peace and love? For some delusional notion that a monkey can speak? Can impersonate a human being? Are you insane woman!
Heidi stood firmly before him. She was careful to keep her face blank and let his words wash over her. She could hear the anger and confusion in his words, but it was the beginnings of feelings that have long been missing in his life. She knew she had to be strong, to not let him drag her into his anger. She knew that what she first saw in him was true, his goodness would find a way out of its prison. With his chest heaving he approached her and put his face close to hers, his fingers digging into her skin as he held her arm. She looked into his glaring eyes in the darkness and saw a flicker of doubt mingled with his fear and rage.
You might think I am insane. I assure you I am not. I am here to help you, and I can only do that if you want to be helped. Let me help you. I promise you, when the time comes, I will let you choose. I will not force your hand. I ask you to trust me, to give me a chance to understand what has happened. I felt deceived when you left my house, when you went against my will, and I felt pity for the poor animal you had in your possession. Those were my motives for following you, but now I see there is more to this poor animal than meets the eye. A great wrong was done to it, even before you took it away. Help me find out more. Help me understand what they have done and why they have done it. If you help me in this, I will leave you to make the right decision, and then you can disappear as you wish.
Heidi held her breath as Samuel continued to grip her arm, but as his fingers slowly relaxed, she sighed in relief. She knew that he had no choice but to listen to her. He believed her a threat to him and his life, and this concern would be her ally. He nodded to her in the darkness and without hesitating, Heidi planted a kiss on his cheek.
Back in the car, Heidi sat behind the wheel. Exhausted with lack of sleep, Samuel let her drive while he dozed off beside her. He had agreed to go back with her to Greytown, to take a look at the CEO of Papyrus Mills, this monkey turned human. Whether he had lost some internal battle or was simply exhausted with fear and agitation, Heidi knew not. As the sun began to rise in the east, Heidi stole glances at his face. He slept fitfully, his expression contorted as he fought with some invisible torment. She felt a pang of guilt as she looked upon him but quickly brushed it away. She pushed down the pedal and sped on with renewed determination.


8


They spoke little on the way to Greytown. Samuel was in no mood to talk. He had slept uneasily, his dreams filled with scenes of blood and gore, memories long buried but not forgotten. He saw the faces of all those he killed float above him, headless ghosts that haunted him. He ran as fast as he could, but still he could not escape them. They hung from empty buildings, lamp posts on deserted streets, drowned in rivers. And behind them all was her. A body made of wisps of smoke, calling out to him in the sweetest of voices. He longed to jump into her outstretched arms and let her carry him away, but she frightened him. During his waking hours he studied her, the way her dark skin glistened with sweat in the midday heat, how the sun sparkled off her dark, straight cut hair. He hated to admit it, but she frightened him, with her self-confidence and unwavering beliefs so unlike his own. She reminded him of Drake, but the loathing he had felt for her was starting to subside. What he felt in Heidis presence was awe, a feeling that a being was so much greater than him, that competition with her was fruitless and yet he still longed to possess her. He could not shake off that feeling, even with the knowledge that her strength would never allow such a possession, by him or anyone else. None of his teachers at the Agency had ever demanded such respect as she. Never had they touched him the way that she had. He had always listened to them, always held their teachings high in his mind and his heart, but with a few words, Heidi had moved him in ways that seemed foreign, yet familiar. He searched deep within himself and thought of Tiffany. He tried to visualize her face and couldnt. He thought of his feelings for her, his great love, and found those feelings to be hollow and empty. When did I forget her? When did I lose her? He felt his chest tighten at this discovery. The more he thought on it, the more he realized his whole being had revolved around the Agency and its teachers, that his reasons were their reasons, his beliefs were their beliefs. What about me? What about ME? he screamed silently. Unbidden, tears began to form in his eyes and threatened to spill down his cheeks. He remembered the last time he cried, right after Tiffanys funeral. He tried to remember how he felt, whether the sadness that now engulfed him had engulfed him before, and he couldnt. All his feelings were new, as if he were a child again discovering the world. Turning away, he stared out the window. He did not want Heidi to see him cry.
Samuel found himself standing in Heidis sunlit apartment. His time on the road was a blur. He remembered very little of the towns they drove through or the stops they made, his mind had been elsewhere. Heidi offered him a warm drink, which he drank greedily. She left him briefly in the living room and emerged a little while later, her hair wet and clinging to her face. She wore a dress of red, white, and black, the colors converging into a mesmerizing pattern. The dress seemed to hang off her body like it was made for her and her alone. Her beauty in the afternoon sun stirred something inside him, he looked at her smile as she brushed the hair away from her face and it reminded him of spring, when he was but a child running in the green fields across from his house. How can a woman be so beautiful and so good, and be so wrong? How could I turn my back on her? How could I have hurt her? How could I.
The first thing we need to do is find out who this CEO is, she said disrupting his trail of thought.
How do you propose to do that? he asked.
She gave him a devious smile. Oh I have my ways. I have put out a clean towel for you if you want to wash up while I make us some lunch.
Samuel nodded and slowly got up. He felt worn out and had not the energy to argue. In the shower he let the hot water run over his head and down his body. He let it wash away his exhaustion, his fear, and his hate. He focused his mind on his feelings and for the first time in years, he felt something. He smiled despite his exhaustion and started looking forward to lunch.
They ate their food quickly, Heidi hadnt made very much, and he listened intently to Heidis plan. It was important, she said, that her suspicions were confirmed without a doubt. Her plan was simple. She would use her network to get close to him. She already knew that there would be a late night meeting with the executives at the firm, and she knew how to get them in there. Samuel eyed her suspiciously but kept his thoughts silent.
Having procured uniforms from the cleaning staff working at Papyrus Mills, Samuel and Heidi pushed cleaning carts freely in the building. Samuel felt uneasy as they located the boardroom without incident. Doubts began to crowd his mind, who does she work for? Why is she doing this? How does she know the things she does? A single dark thought emerged, has the Agency sent her to kill me? He tried to dismiss the thought arguing that the Agency could not have known he wouldve used her fire escape in his run for safety, but his suspicions retorted that the Agency men could have driven him there all along. But he did not have long to reason with this thoughts. The door to the boardroom burst open and a red-faced man in a suit briskly strode past, his breathing sharp and shallow. The rest of the board members followed shortly after. Indignation and disbelief was clear on many of the faces that Samuel saw. He kept his head bowed low and mopped the floor with deliberate slowness. Out of the corner of his eye he spotted Heidi, dusting a table vigorously, her head low but her eyes fixed on the open door. Low voices could be heard coming from the room. Samuel approached the room with care and took a look inside. The man from the press conference, the CEO, was seated at the end of the table, looking down while another man stood behind him speaking softly. Samuel could not get a clear view of his face, so instead he focused his attention on the CEO. He was listening intently and nodding his head as the man spoke in his ear. Samuel studied his appearance. His arms did look strangely long, his face hairier than one would normally expect. The eyes that hid behind black-rimmed glasses showed abnormally large pupils. Samuel saw all these things but still could not believe it to be true. This man could not, was not, a monkey.
Samuel started as Heidi touched his arm. Signaling to him silently, he took one last look inside the boardroom and allowed himself to be drawn away. He felt his body tingle as he stared at the back of her head. What is she plotting now? She led him into the adjoining hallway. There they lingered with their cleaning carts. A few minutes later the men from the boardroom emerged, the CEO following the man in the dark suit quietly. Samuel watched the CEO walk with a strange gait, almost as if one leg was shorter than the other. When they turned the corner, Samuel was surprised to see Heidi break out into a run, her feet landing softly on the floor as if she were running on air. Samuel followed her, slower and with more caution and almost as quiet.
Together they trailed the men through the building where they entered a room at the uppermost floor. Hiding in an adjacent room, Samuel and Heidi held the door ajar and watched the hallway. Fearful of arousing suspicion, Samuel had insisted on hiding out of sight. For more than an hour they stood there watching a closed door. They could hear nothing from inside and Samuel was conscious of how close to him Heidi stood. He felt her quick, excited breaths on his neck and wondered how much time he had before she drove the knife through his heart. Just as his unease began to turn into anger, the door opened and the man in the dark suit emerged, followed by a woman. Samuel drew in a sharp breath. The dark hair on his head, the strong jaw. Samuel knew that face. It had haunted him for years, ever since he joined the Agency. Drake Matheson. As he walked past, Samuels eyes fell on the woman walking slightly behind him. She held her head high, flicked her blond hair back and for an instant as she walked past, Samuel caught sight of her face. Angelina Swarksy.


9


Samuels mind was ablaze with questions. He paced back and forth as Heidi sat at her computer and researched. In a matter of days he had lost his trust in everything that surrounded him. No place was safe for him anymore. The Agency had betrayed him and there was nowhere left for him to turn. Absentmindedly he listened to Heidi tell the story of the firms. She described how Bio Chemicals Inc. had been after Papyrus Mills for years. They had offered bid after bid to buy the company but Papyrus Mills had never consented. The board members had made it clear that Bio Chemicals Inc. planned to restructure the firm, thereby reducing the number of employees to half, shutting down several of its ancient factories, and selling off parts of it to other competitors. Heidi excitedly related how Papyrus Mills was a beacon of pride for Greytown, how indeed it was the very heart of it. Owned and run by natives of the city, they never forgot their own. Papyrus Mills had never once fired an employee. It offered fair wages for fair work. Bio Chemicals was nothing more than a foreign investor, looking to turn a quick profit and move on. A takeover would be devastating. Samuel cared little for either firm in truth, he was more concerned how it all affected him. Seeing Drake and Angelina together made him nervous. Had they been working together? Did they plan for him to steal the monkey? Samuel began to give credit to Heidis wild theories. Perhaps it was not so wild that a monkey could be taught to speak. Perhaps it was not so wild that a monkey could impersonate a CEO. Samuels mind began to hurt.
We have to save him.
Save who? asked Samuel.
Edgar. The monkey. It says here that Edgar van Holzberg has been appointed the new CEO of Papyrus Mills. Theres a brief history of his life, which university he graduated from, last employers, everything.
And you still believe hes a monkey? So after, I dunno, fifty years of education, work, and social societies or whatever, no one has found out hes a monkey? Thats one hell of a monkey then. If a monkey can get away with all that, then he deserves to be a CEO.
Hes a monkey. You saw him, look at these pictures. She said in frustration, turning her screen towards him.
Enough of this nonsense. Let me think. Now the Agency and Bio Chemicals Inc. are working together. That much we know. Drake and this Angelina Swarksy seemed pretty tight. And they left this Holzberg in that office. He didnt come out after them. What could the Agency and Bio Chemicals Inc. want with each other? Or are Drake and Swarksy working alone?
We have to save him she repeated.
Samuel nodded. Getting hold of Edgar van Holzberg could perhaps shed light on the matter. If Heidi wanted to believe he was a monkey, it was no matter to him. He was in no mood to face Drake any time soon. By now, news had probably reached the Agency that he had fled. He had not left behind any means for them to communicate with him and surely they must have tried to reach him in last few days. No, getting in contact with Drake would be too dangerous. He regarded Heidi suspiciously for a moment but shook his suspicions off. They would have to wait.
Well then, it looks like its settled. Lets go save a monkey, he said, and after a pause added, Again. Heidi looked up at him and smiled.
It was after midnight when they arrived at Papyrus Mills main office building. Samuel watched distrustfully at how a few small words between Heidi and the security officer on duty gave them access to the building. He wondered briefly about having a witness to their crime, but when he expressed his concern, Heidi merely brushed it off. He followed her uneasily inside.
During the nighttime, disguises were unnecessary. They walked up unchallenged to the uppermost floors. Heidi had assured him that there would be no security footage of their late night rambles, and even though she said this with much confidence, Samuel doubts grew. Where were all the guards? How were the security cameras disabled? What is she planning to do with me? Bitterly shaking his head and having resolved himself to the fate of a dead man, he moved forward hurriedly. Better to meet his fate now than to postpone the inevitable.
They arrived at the door where they last saw Edgar van Holzberg. Heidi slipped a key into the lock, much to Samuels surprise, and entered. Putting a finger to her lips, she halted any questions. When did I become so helpless? The thought repeated itself in his mind over and over again. He had never trusted this woman, and yet somehow she had gotten the best of him. It dawned on him that he had never been in control wherever Heidi was concerned. And so it ends. Dejected, he turned his attention to the room they now entered. A dim night light illuminated it to show a large iron cage. Large cushions took up one corner of the cage and upon it lay an inert body. An overpowering stench filled the room and tickled Samuels nostrils. Outside the cage stood a wardrobe, simple and cheaply made, and two chairs stood nearby. The floor was bare of any carpeting, the walls bare of any decoration. Samuel scowled in disgust as the smell irritated his senses. Together they approached the cage with care. By the dim light, they could see the rise and fall of the sleeping bodys chest. Heidi crouched by the side of the cage. She stretched her arm through the iron bars and called mans name softly. The body stirred, followed by a series of low grunts. Heidi repeated her call, raising her voice slightly. The body this time sat up, and Samuel could see hands rubbing the face before it began to move. Samuel could scarcely believe his eyes. The approaching body did not walk upright, but instead scurried forward, supporting its weight on its long arms as well as its legs. The movement was distinctly apelike. It approached Heidis outstretched hand and sniffed it once, before taking it into its own. Samuel looked into the face of a monkey that had been stripped of the fur that covered its torso. As Heidi cooed and made gentle noises, the monkey nuzzled its face close to hers through the bars. She petted it gently and rubbed its belly before turning to look up at Samuels stricken face.
Heidi, he said tentatively, from where did you get the key?
Heidi looked at him and smiled. This used to be my fathers office.
Your father?
Papyrus Mills is owned by my family, but my father passed away a long time ago now. The running of the business is left to others, it was never really my calling. As long as the peoples interests are the top consideration, I am happy to leave things alone.
Samuel nodded mutely, he did not trust himself to speak. Her father? She owns all this? How could she give up a life of wealth and comfort, and work as a nurse? he asked himself. She was so different from anyone he had ever known, so selfless and unaware of the comforts she forsakes. He was no longer certain what to think, who to suspect, and who to trust. He watched as she turned her attention back to the monkey, how she petted it softly and how it touched held her hand. When she stood upright, it followed suit, its head level with her own. When had it grown so large? he wondered. Unable to resist the thoughts that Heidi had instilled in his mind, he swallowed hard before finding his voice, Can it speak?
I dont know. Why dont you ask it?
Is your name Edgar? Samuel whispered hesitantly.
The monkey looked from Heidis face to his, and when Heidi nodded in approval, it seemed to gain confidence.
Yes. My name is Edgar van Holzberg.
Samuel stepped back. He could scarcely believe his eyes. He stared at the monkey dumbfounded, unable to move. Heidi called out to him. He heard her voice somewhere in the distance but could not answer. He saw her kneel against the lock that secured the cage door. He watched her try to pick the lock without success. She was calling his name. Samuel, come! Hurry Samuel! Time around him froze. His eyes scanned the room, the dark tinted windows, the dried glue on the tiles from where the carpet had been pulled, the wood-paneled walls. I know this roomAnd still Heidis voice sounded in his ear. As one walking through soft, thick snow, he slowly approached her. He beheld her face, beautiful in fear and strong in compassion, he took away the tools from her hands and turned his attention to the lock. A few painstakingly slow minutes passed before the lock was sprung and the door fell open. Heidi rushed inside the cage and put her arms around the monkey. It was too large for her to carry, but it clung to her, wrapping its limps around her body. She laughed softly and patted its head before approaching the door. Samuel watched all this with disbelief. He remembered kidnapping the monkey, carrying it on his back. It hadnt been so big
Bright lights made him squint. He heard Heidi gasp and the monkey groan. Whirling around and blinking rapidly for his eyes to adjust, his hand went instinctively to the gun resting against the small of his back.
Sam, Sam, Sam. There you are. We were wondering when you would turn up on the grid again. But I must say, I was not expecting to find you here. And look, you brought your girlfriend.
The voice was unmistakable. It sounded like metal scrapping against a blackboard to Samuels ears. With his eyes now adjusted to the light, Samuel pointed the barrel of his gun at Drakes smirking face. They locked eyes and Samuel felt his blood run hot in his veins at the ridicule in Drakes eyes. Samuel sensed a movement on his right side, but Drake saw it and pointed his gun in Heidis direction.
One more move from your girlfriend there, and shes dead. Samuel didnt need to look to know that Heidi was frozen in place but he glanced anyway. She stood, her face defiant, shielding the monkey with her body.
I have to say Sam, you did a pretty good job with this one. All the publicity you stirred up, did a world of good for the mission. And you coming back here Sam, well thats just swell. You saved me the trouble of going out and finding you. Well done, my friend, well done.
Shoot her Drake, and youll find a bullet buried in that pretty face of yours. Samuel replied calmly. His mind raced faster than his pumping heart. He needed to buy some time.
But who will shoot me when youre dead Sam? She wont. I know the weak ones when I see them. Im surprised at your choice, Sam, really. Oh dont get me wrong, shes pretty, a real beauty, almost as pretty as that doll who chewed half Martins face off, but look how she cowers with her pet. On second thought, perhaps she is right for you, weak just like you. It wont matter anyhow, youll both be dead very soon.
As will you and yours, Drake. We saw her today you know. You been working together long? I thought the Agency recruited only men. Im sure shell be a relief to all our comrades.
Drake threw back his head and laughed. Samuel took the opportunity and fired the gun. The bullet flew true into Drakes right shoulder. The monkey on the right howled in fear and he heard Heidi grunt. A shot rang out from Drakes gun before Samuel could cover the distance between them. Before Drake could regain his balance Samuel punched him in the face and began wrestling him for the weapon. Drakes grip on the gun did not loosen and gripping Samuels shoulder he hurled him into the wall. Samuel felt the breath leave his lungs and grit his teeth at the impact. Samuel could feel Drakes weight pressing on him, he could feel his hand snaking its way to his throat. Without thinking Samuel curled his fingers around Drakes without loosening his grip on the hand that held the gun. Drake began crushing his windpipe and Samuel struggled to keep his hold on Drakes throat. He tried to slip away from his grasp, using his forearm to dislodge him, but it was no use. Drake was stronger. Samuel released Drakes neck and with as much force as he could muster drove his thumb into the bullet wound at Drakes shoulder. Drake grunted in pain and pulled back slightly, loosening his grip on Samuels throat. Samuel had been waiting for just this chance. Samuel did what he had never done before, he raised his leg and firmly planted his knee in Drakes groin. Drake let out a strangled cry before crumbling to the ground. Swiftly Samuel snatched his gun and pocketed it. Samuel stood over him grinning as anger and pain twisted his face. He placed his foot on his wounded shoulder and applied a small amount of pressure. Drake bit his lip, unable to decide which pain was worse. His hands continued to cover his groin protectively.
That was a low blow, my friend Drake grunted, panting and out of breath, even too low for you.
Samuel chuckled, Yes, that was low but no lower than you deserve. Do you know how long Id been waiting to do just that? Drake only scowled. 
What is the Agency playing at? demanded Samuel.
Drake spat. You think a little pain will make me talk? You have not learned your lessons well. You were always weak. I told them. I told them you had no real loyalty for the Agency. You never understood. Without the Agency you are nothing!
What are they playing at? Samuel asked again, increasing the pressure on the wounded shoulder. Drake groaned in pain.
You really have no idea, do you? he replied between ragged breaths. You truly are as dumb as they say. Look around you Sam. Dont you see something familiar? Why dont you check that photographic memory of yours? Isnt that what youre always so proud of? Drake replied his voice dripping with sarcasm.
Samuel glanced quickly around the room. I know this room. It was incredibly familiar. His eyes quickly scanned the room and then it hit him, the golden eagle etched above the doorway, an exact replica of the wooden eagle in Heidis house. The eagle I helped break. Twenty years ago he had seen this room, but it was different then. A thick grey carpet had covered its floors, rich furniture had stood in place of this cage. And the windows. They were made of the clearest glass panes, the rays of sunshine dancing across the paneled walls. And one shattered glass pane. And blood. Thick, red blood staining the dress of a little girl. A pink and white dress. The memory flooded his mind. The stain on his record. The one mission he had failed to complete.
Drakes hollow laughter brought him back to reality. Do you remember now, Sammy boy? The little pink dress? I can see from your face that you remember. I wonder how your girlfriend would feel if she knew you killed her poor old man. She couldve had it all, of course, had she wanted it, but no she wanted something weak and easy, something safe. We wouldve left her alone too, had you not dragged her into it. Drake smiled at Samuel and turned to Heidi, So my dear, how does it feel to help your fathers murderer?
I didnt do it Heidi! Samuel shouted back. He dared not turn his attention away from Drake, but he could see Heidis face in his minds eye. I swear I never pulled the trigger. It was Drake!
Drake laughed again, a sound so bitter and wicked that even Samuel cringed. Thats right, cry and shift the blame. Its what youve always done anyway.
Heidi, I swear I didnt do it. Samuel waited for her reply and when none came, he turned around and his heart sank. Heidi was sprawled on the ground, the monkey cradling her head in his lap. Heidi! he whispered in anguish. In that moment Samuel forgot everything. He forgot Drake lying there underneath his boot, he forgot the Agency and everything it represented, he even forgot the monkey. All he could see was the body of Heidi, a woman whose small, fragile body could barely hold so large a spirit as she possessed. He watched in agony as that body now lay in a pool of blood, widening much too quickly. Tossing his weapon aside, he ran to her. He barely noticed the monkey move aside to give him room. He held her in his arms, pressing her head to his chest.
Im so sorry Heidi, Im so sorry. It shouldve been me. He rocked her back and forth, clutching at the wound in her side trying to stop the bleeding.
You pathetic fool.
Samuel could hear Drakes footsteps but he didnt look up. He had nothing left to fight him with. For once Samuel saw Drakes victory without envy, without hate. He no longer coveted Drakes prized seat within the Agency, no longer wished to rise within their ranks. The Agency was nothing more than a lie, he could see that now. They served no higher purpose of justice or freedom; they were slavers like everyone else. It had suddenly become clear to him that he was no more than a pawn in their game. For years they had planned the takeover of Greytown, beginning here, in this very room. Samuel had felt compassion then for the little girl, and now he held her, dying in his arms, and all he could do was weep. It was just too much.
You pathetic weakling. I shouldve gotten rid of you, years ago. But its never too... The abrupt ending of Drakes speech made Samuel look up. He saw Edgar crash into Drake, snarling, with lips drawn back exposing its sharp fangs. It held Drakes arm firmly in its jaws and its hand was wrapped around Drakes throat. Using its weight, it fell atop him, crushing him. Drake struggled and Samuel listened to his muffled cries but remained unable to move. Edgar covered Drake with its body and soon his legs moved a little less violently before stopping completely. Samuel watched Edgar release the limp body and slowly stand upright. It looked at the body with an expressionless face and fists clenched in raw, animal rage. Heidis cough turned Samuels attention back to her.  She gazed at him with tear-filled eyes as he used his sleeve to wipe the blood that trickled from her mouth.
Dont die on me now, I need you. Im sorry about your father, I really am, but you have to believe me. I didnt do it.
Shhh I believe you, she whispered, but there is still one more thing you must do.
Anything.
Hes too dangerous, Samuel. A tear trailed down her cheek. You have to put him down. Promise me, Samuel, promise her sentence broke off as she was seized by a fit of coughing. When it subsided, she continued, Take care of the company. It is Greytown. Without it, the people will starve. We will starve.
Shhhh, dont talk. Youll be alright. Its just a flesh wound.
Heidi smiled sadly, In my dresser you will find everything you need to take over the company. It belonged to my family once, now it belongs to you. You will find a copy of my will there and a letter to my lawyer explaining everything.
No Heidi, dont talk like that! he felt his throat constrict and his breath stuck in his throat. He felt tears welling up in his eyes and saw them drop onto her face. No Heidi, dont leave me. I need you. I cant do this. The Agency they lied about everything. They used me. You have to help me take them down. Youre the only one who can.
Forget the Agency, Samuel. Vengeance will not destroy them, it will only destroy you. You are the future now Samuel. Right the wrongs you have done, that is all I can do for you. She smiled again and raised her hand to her neck. Holding the golden eagle that hung about the chain around her neck, she looked Samuel in the eye and said, This is the symbol of Greytown, long forgotten by many. The power of the eagle is only as great as its freedom. Cage it and it will battle against its bonds until its power diminishes. And so it is with Greytown. Wear it around your neck and remember me. Samuel felt the tears well up in his eyes and as he held her close to him, she kissed his chest lovingly and sighed.
Samuel sat there for a long time, his arms wrapped around Heidis unmoving body. He hardly noticed when Edgar came around and touched her. Its face was downcast, as if it somehow understood that Heidi was no longer there. Samuel looked upon the animal with pity and after placing a parting kiss on Heidis cold brow, he handed the body over to Edgar, who held it tenderly in its arms. Wiping his tears, Samuel stood up and walked over to the sprawled body of his dead Agency brother. Retrieving his gun from the floor, he walked slowly over to Edgar. It still held Heidis body in its arms and patted her glossy dark hair. He watched it for a few moments, and then Edgar lifted up its head and looked at him. Their eyes met and Samuel couldnt help but smile at him sadly. Edgar seemed to understand and nodded its head and looked down again at Heidis face.
Samuel let his tears fall freely as he took his aim and fired.


***


About the author:


Yara G. Mansour is a 30 year old Egyptian living in Frankfurt, Germany. Due to her multicultural upbringing, her work has been influenced by great authors from the Middle East and the West. Although she is largely a fantasy fan, she has a great appreciation for well written books of any genre. She still maintains the dream of one day writing an epic fantasy novel, but for now, she is content simply to write, and perhaps be read.


Other books by Yara G. Mansour


The Dreaming Tree


Connect with Me Online:


Twitter: http://twitter.com/ygmansour


Smashwords: http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/yaragmansour


My blog: http://yaragmansour@wordpress.com

