Escape to the Stars!
Book One: Eviction from Earth
By
Glenn L. Erickson
Copyright 2013 Glenn L. Erickson
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1: Unwelcome Wake-up Call
Chapter 2: Seeing the Future
Chapter 3: The Ultimate Elevator
Chapter 4: Lunar Orbit
Chapter 5: Moon-Base Charlie
Chapter 6: Lagrange Five
Chapter 7: Sabotage!
Chapter 8: Milestone
Chapter 9: Conspiracy
Chapter 10: Confrontation at the Space Elevator
Chapter 11: The Trip to Midway
Chapter 12: Vacuum Practice
Chapter 13: GenStar One
Chapter 14: Launch Day!
Chapter 15: Watching the End from Afar
About the Author
Chapter 1: Unwelcome Wakeup-Call

Less than two minutes to impact! Professor Keene stated quietly.  He glanced around and noted that even the military-types were glued to their screens.  Several people were on phones relaying the event to remote locations.
I thought that we would have more time he muttered to himself.
The video feed showed a massive solar-generated plasma-ball headed directly towards North Africa.  There hadnt been time to issue more than a few days warning to the affected areas.  The news channels were showing scenes of panic and selfishness throughout the region.  Many religious types were gathered at the base of the pyramids in Egypt, thousands of prayer rugs in neat rows.
The airports were empty now.  All planes that could leave the area had already escaped. Air traffic around the world had ceased.  Ships had fled the area days before.  The roads leading east to the Sinai and towards South Africa were jammed with cars, trucks and hand-drawn carts piled with families.  Their efforts were doomed but
One minute! someone called out.   The atmosphere above North Africa was roiling and the winds at the surface were ferocious.  The Northern and Southern Lights were visible all over the world.  The temperature had risen well over 130 degrees west of Cairo, and it was only 9 AM!
Impact!  All cameras near the point of impact flared and went dark.  Those more distant showed an eye-searing blast of light.  As the light faded, the shock-wave radiated from the impact site, leveling Cairo and rippling the ground for hundreds of miles.  The North African Rift Valley responded with explosive eruptions and rivers of lava.  The Nile boiled away and the Suez Canal disappeared completely
Volcanoes all around the area answered the assault with eruptions.  Everything within 2500 miles of the impact site was seared. The Mediterranean Sea itself steamed and sent huge tsunamis to all shorelines.  Deaths numbered in the dozens of millions and burn victims were nearly numberless.
Stunned silence throughout the bunker bore witness to the immensity of the disaster.  Some sobbed quietly and others just shook their heads in amazement.  Professor Keene pushed away from his station and keyed his headset. Okay people, we have seen the results, now lets see what we can do to get out an earlier warning next time.
Next time!  What the HELL do you mean The NEXT time?  General Evers exploded, ripping his headset off and throwing it at his console.
Professor Keene eyed the pudgy officer with disdain.  I mean just what I said General.  We will be seeing more CMEs as the Sun grows more unstable.  IF we very lucky, they wont be aimed at us!
Seeing that their dispute had attracted the attention of everyone in the bunker, Professor Keene glanced around and added What we saw today was just the first CME-strike on the Earth in recorded history. And, as they go, this was a small one! We were very fortunate that the mass of the plasma-ball had largely dissipated by the time it reached Earth.
As time passes and the Sun becomes more unstable, we can expect many more CMEs.  They will not all be aimed at the Earth, but we will see them lashing out into the system.  Mercury has already been hit twice and Venus once.  Venus atmosphere has been largely blown away.  Both planets have more or less survived but their orbits have been affected.  We just dont know to what extent yet.
The General leaned on his console, his face paler than usual.  Around the room, people were absorbing his statement and weighing its significance.  One woman burst into tears and was hurriedly escorted out by two others.  Professor Keene turned away from the room and headed to the elevator.  He was joined in the elevator by a quiet man he had noticed standing at the back of the room, but who had not participated in the monitoring.  As the doors sealed and the lift started, he turned to the professor and said I heard what you said in there.  That was a sobering assessment.  Keene nodded absently, already thinking of what he needed to be doing next.  He was still upset that his warnings had gone unheeded.  While he was saddened to witness the event, he was more upset that his recommendations about the future of the Earth were being ignored.
As the elevator reached the top level, the quiet man reached over and pulled the emergency stop button.  Over the ringing of the emergency bell, the man showed Keene a badge and ID card.  Unimpressed, Professor Keene slapped the button in, allowing the doors to open.  He stepped towards the opening and then spun about to thrust his face into the smaller mans face and snarled I am not interested it anything you might have to say!  The government ignored my attempts to warn them and to urge them to act!  Now, after the fact, youre trying to tell me that they are now willing to act!  Bah!  He turned abruptly and stalked away, missing the stunned expression on the other mans face entirely.
Professor Keene slammed through the entry door, startling the guards posted there.  Ignoring them, he stalked to the driveway at the front of the building, jerked open the rear door of the limo he had arrived in, climbed in and then slammed the door closed.  He slumped into the seat dejectedly.
Where to Professor? the driver asked quietly.
He took several seconds to respond.  It wasnt right to bark at the driver as the man had been completely professional and responsive in seeing to the Professors needs during the days leading up to the events of today.  Please George, just drive to somewhere I wont have to see anyone for a while.
Nodding, George put the car in gear and pulled away from the curb.  He guided the car past the angry protestors at the main gate and then took a small side-road that led away from the base.  A couple of news crews tried to catch up to them but George powered the limo around a corner and then ducked into garage and behind a wall.
He watched as the news-hounds barreled past and then quickly backed out and turned the limo the other way.  After a couple more dog-legs down side-streets, he powered onto the highway.
The Professor quietly thanked him and settled back in the seat to watch the countryside glide by.
When several miles had faded behind them, George reached under the seat for his surprise for the Professor.  He reached back over the seat and offered a paper-bagged bottle.  Professor Keene, hearing the paper crinkle, glanced away from the window and saw the proffered gift.  He smiled weakly and said Thanks George.  You seem to know what it takes to soothe the savage beast.
I may not know about space and the Sun and such, but I know that when things arent going your way, it sometimes helps to drown your sorrows away from others.
Keen snorted and grabbed the bag.  He twisted the cap off and sniffed.  It was a top-notch Scotch.  Saluting Georges back, Keene took a careful sip.  Hearing a clink in the bag, he glanced inside and spotted two small glasses.  Find a quiet spot where we are not likely to be accosted by the police and lets toast the stupidity of governments everywhere.
George chuckled and glided down the next off-ramp.  Turning the car out of town, he pulled over at a scenic over-look a few miles later.  Leaving the car idling to keep the A/C running, George turned to find a two-finger portion of scotch awaiting him.  He took custody of the amber liquid and raised it to the Professor.  To the Future!
Professor Keene glanced at George to see if he was being sarcastic.  All he saw was a sad smile.  Responding to the salutation, Keene raised his glass as well and muttered, Such as it is
A few minutes later, a dark sedan pulled up next to the limo.  The man that had tried to talk to the professor in the elevator got out and knocked on the rear side window.  Professor Keene glanced over and groaned quietly.  Lowering the window, Keene was about to blast the man for interrupting his solitude when he notice the mans solemn demeanor.  Swallowing the angry outburst he had been preparing, he asked What can I do for you Mr
Jamison, Special Agent Kurt Jamison.  Keene opened the door and invited the man inside.  Jamison waved his driver away and then sat down and closed the door.  The sedan slipped down the road a ways and then pulled over to wait.  Intrigued in spite of himself, Professor Keen waited for the agent to start the conversation.
Offering the agent the bottle, Kurt hesitated only for a moment and then took it with a quiet sigh.  I havent touched the stuff in years.  I guess today is as good a day as any to have a drink!  He wiped the opening with a sleeve and sipped.  Lowering the bottle to his lap, he inhaled through pursed lips and said in a tight voice That is good Scotch!
George held out his empty glass and the agent gently refilled it.  Offering to the Professor, Keene obliged and watched as Kurt carefully tipped the bottle.  Sorry we dont have another glass for you Agent Jamison.  George said quietly.
Kurt shrugged and said I wasnt expected.
Intrigued, Keene focused on the agent and asked Not that I mind your company but why are you here?
Taking another small sip, Kurt sighed and answered I work for a little-known agency that is responsible for guiding individuals, groups and corporations towards desired goals.
George glanced at the professor to see if the Professor had understood the statement.  Keenes eyebrows were getting tangled with his hairline with astonishment. That is the most ridiculous statement I think Ive ever heard!  Would you care to rephrase that?  In English please!
Jamison chuckled and said That is the official response to any questions about to our purpose.  What we really do is actually just that: we search for people pushing the limits of technology and help where we can with funding or information or whatever is needed
Intrigued now, Professor Keene shifted around to face the agent directly.  That was clearer, but doesnt answer why you are here.
Our department was founded nearly a hundred years ago with the express purpose of guiding humanity towards space and beyond.
Plainly puzzled, Professor Keene asked We are already in space.
True. Jamison answered.  But not far enough! he said with a quiet smile.
Professor Keene and George exchanged glances.  George responded first.  I guess Im slower on the uptake than the Professor here.  Why not far enough?
Jamison frowned and replied The events of today show that the Earth is doomed. We have no way to alter the Suns continued deterioration, so, most likely, we will be hit by more of these CMEs, eventually.  Professor Keen was nodding.  So, if humanity is to survive, it needs to leave not just this planet, but this solar system entirely!
Stunned, Keene sputtered and said We havent got the technology to even reach Mars on a regular basis yet!  And you say we need to leave the Solar system itself?
The Agent agreed and replied You have probably been so caught up in recent events that you may not have turned your thoughts on how humanity might escape eventual obliteration.
Escape?  How?
Jamison responded.  A lot of people have known for many years that the Sun was becoming unstable.  They have been quietly promoting certain technologies with the end-purpose of developing spaceships that will carry many thousands, perhaps millions of people to other planets.
Professor Keene grasped the importance of the statement immediately. George was a few beats slower but his astonishment was apparent to both of the other men.  He sputtered Thousands of people?
Agent Jamison nodded seriously and answered Hopefully millions!  And the sooner, the better!
Silence reined for a few heartbeats, each man pondering the significance of that statement.  Turning to face the agent, Professor Keene stated quietly That is a magnificent quest, but just how much more time do you think we have here?  The events of today are going to stall economic progress world-wide.  How are you going to get humanity thinking of escape when we are facing almost certain extinction in the not too distant future?
Jamison actually smiled at that point.  We have been at this for nearly a hundred years.  With our continued investments in space science and research, we are at the threshold of ever greater space-related expansion.  That will stimulate growth worldwide.
How about giving me an example. The Professor asked.
Well, we can now actually build things like the Space Elevator and even some form of tethered space platform.  Once that is in-place, we can begin to travel between Earth and the Moon quite readily.  We can then establish facilities on the moon to supply raw and finished materials for constructing ship-building facilities at the Earths Lagrange-points 4 and 5.
The Professor smiled sadly and said The Space Elevator is a pipe-dream!  And without it, our chances of ever accomplishing any of the other things are nil!  With our current level of technology, we will never be able to build any kind of ship capable of leaving this solar system with any significant number of people!
The agent pulled an envelope from inside his jacket and handed it to the Professor.  Curious, the Professor held the envelope to the light and then tore the end off of it.   He looked inside and then dumped the contents into his palm.  He studied the black ribbon that lay there.  Glancing at Jamison, he stated quietly Ive seen Carbon-fiber ribbon before.  It is an interesting technology but hardly relevant to our conversation.
Pointing to the bit of ribbon the professor held, Jamison said quietly That is a cross-linked carbon nanotube ribbon.  It was recently developed in a laboratory and is more than ten times stronger than any carbon-fiber technology weve seen.
George grasped some of what the agent said, but it was the professors reaction that interested him.  Wonderingly, the Professor looked at the agent and asked What can I do to help?
George was mystified.  How could a bit of ribbon change the Professors mind and attitude so rapidly?  Uh, Professor?  Please tell me why that bit of ribbon is so significant
Facing him with a distant look, as if he was already at work elsewhere, he said With commercial quantities of such a ribbon, the Space Elevator is possible.  Along with that, everything else that follows is also possible!  Focusing back on the driver, he added sadly We now have the opportunity to save humanity!
Georges glee was tempered by the professors lack of enthusiasm.  Thats good, Right?  So, why the gloomy outlook?
Smiling wryly, the Professor said You and I will not live long enough to see most of this come about.
Oh.  George responded, then he brightened and said But at least we can get things started!  Our children will benefit, and humanity will survive!
Agent Jamison nodded.  The Professor agreed and then slowly brightened.  Turning to Jamison, he announced Count me in!
Jamison pulled a device from his coat pocket and spoke into it.  The car that had ferried him there pulled away, leaving them alone.  Turning to George, he asked I assume you want to play a part in this too?
Stunned, George said Uh, sure!  But what can I do for you?  Im no scientist or anything so He shrugged.
Agent Jamison smiled at his self-effacement. This effort will take a lot of people, with a wide range of abilities.  You have already have the security clearance needed and you know how to keep what you know to yourself.  You will possibly become a behind-the-scenes facilitator, enabling the science types to work without distractions.
George nodded.  I can do that.
Jamison handed a slip of paper to him and said Enter those coordinates into your GPS and well start immediately.
Settling back into the seat, Jamison reached a hand out to the Professor and said Welcome to the future Professor!  The Professor shook the hand and started asking about where they were going and who they would be working with.
The Agent raised his ands in an effort to stem the flow.  Patience Professor!  When we arrive at our destination, all will be revealed.  Enjoy the scenery!  You are likely to be too busy from now on to really take the time to enjoy it.  We have a lot to accomplish and an unknown amount of time to do it in!
Nodding but still brimming with questions, Professor Keene settled back and started a mental list of things to ask and people to contact.  George volunteered Settle back gents.  Weve got a couple of hours before we reach our destination.
Chapter 2: Seeing the Future

They arrived at a former Air Force base and were ushered through the front gate after Jamison produced his ID.  He directed George to a large administration building and George slid the limo neatly into a slot reserved for VIPs.
Jamison ushered them into the building and into a quiet and comfortable conference room.  Well meet some of the people you will be working with soon, but first well give you a short history of what we have accomplished to date, and a glimpse of what we hope to achieve in the future.
Closing the drapes and dimming the lights, Jamison activated a projector and the three men were treated to a high-resolution history of the agency and the results of their influence.  Professor Keene recognized many of the products and processes he saw and his agile mind could predict follow-on uses and products these foundational processes and products could enable.
At the end of the presentation, Jamison restored the lighting but left the curtains closed. He invited the men to help themselves to beverages and snacks.  After a few minutes, Jamison cradled a mug of coffee and eyed the two men speculatively.  I have introduced you both to what we hope to accomplish.  Rather than tell you what we want, why dont you tell us where you can contribute?
Professor Keene seemed distracted and didnt answer immediately so George sat forward and said Like I said earlier, Im no scientist or whatever, but I am used to helping others that cant take the time to do trivial things for themselves.  I run errands; I can cook pretty well and I can perform most household tasks.  He snorted and added My ex said Id make someone a good wife!
The comment brought a smile to Professor Keenes face and a chuckle from Agent Jamison. We definitely need someone with your abilities to keep the talented people from being distracted by non-essential tasks.  We seldom know what they will need help with so we keep some general-task people available to them to take care of things they forget or would unnecessarily distract them.
He pressed a button on the table top and a woman entered a few seconds later and escorted George from the room.  Curious, Professor Keene arched an eyebrow at the agent.  Jamison shrugged and said I have no idea what he will be doing.  He will be tested for his abilities and then tasked where he can be the best assistant.
Turning to face the Professor, Jamison said We now come to you Professor.  Weve had our eye on you for some time, which is why I was in the bunker this morning.  I was assigned to invite you to consider working with us.
Professor Keene nodded in understanding but didnt respond immediately.  He swiveled in his chair with his chin resting on one fist.  Jamison could tell that he was thinking deeply, so he waited patiently for the man to respond in his own time.  Experience told him that men such as the Professor couldnt be herded or rushed.
Finally realizing that the room had been quiet for a while, the Professor looked around until his eyes returned to Agent Jamison.  Grunting, he sat forward and asked My specialty is Solar Dynamics and Celestial Mechanics.  How did you figure I could add to your departments efforts?
Jamison smiled to himself, relieved at the mans casual acceptance of the situation.  It was best if he didnt have to try to sell the prospect on the need for his or her cooperation. Sitting forward in his seat, Jamison said quietly We need to re-examine the systems we have discovered that have habitable planets around them.
Puzzled, the Professor responded There has been an on-going effort to search for Earth-like planets for nearly 60 years.  We have cataloged dozens of possible planets among thousands of planets discovered so far.  Many very-qualified people have been contributing to this effort.  He leaned into Jamison and added Just where are my abilities needed then?
Jamison could hardly hold in the glee.  He loved working with intelligent people; they often defined their own participation better than the people in charge.  We need you to re-examine their data to screen-out solar systems that are not suitable in general.
Professor Keene nodded and responded You want to avoid moving the human race to another dead-end solar system, where they face a fate similar to the one we face here.  Smart.
Leaning back, Keene smiled and said When and where can I get started?
Jamison answered Stay where you are at the University and look for likely students to assist you.  We will route all information gathered so far, from as many sources as possible, to you at the University.  We will make sure you remain in the loop on all new information as well.
We will also provide additional computers and software to aid you in sorting and analyzing the data.  All expenses, within reason, will be subsidized and any additional equipment related to your analysis will be provided.
Grinning widely, Professor Keene mentally rubbed his hands together, envisioning a computer lab and half a dozen grad students busily parsing data and narrowing the possibilities.  Then another thought came to him.
Knowing that there are possible planets around likely stars is only part of the problem.  How were you planning on getting people there?  And, what happens if you get there and the planet either doesnt exist or is unsuitable?
This time, Jamison couldnt contain the grin. The ships will be equipped with powerful telescopes and analysis systems.  As they approach, the solar system will be re-examined to verify the existence of suitable planets and the current stability of the star.  While still a suitable distance away, if a system is determined to be unsuitable, the ships course will be altered to head to the next system they were slated to explore.
Warming to his subject, Jamison added If a likely planet is verified, small scout craft will leave the ship and make a closer pass.  If the planet is marginal but possible, the ship retrieves the scouts and leaves a solar-powered messenger-buoy in planetary orbit.
If the planet is verified as suitable, the scouts verify possible colony sites.  The ship takes up a solar orbit ahead of or behind the planet to prepare the colonists for landing.  After they have had time to establish themselves, the ship leaves the colonists on the planet, and heads on to the next planet on the itinerary.
Astonished, the Professor burst out The ship leaves the people on the planet?
Nodding, Jamison replied The ships will be generational-style ships.  They will take generations to reach even the nearest stars, so they are built to be maintainable by the colonists.  As each suitable planet is colonized, the colonists can contribute volunteers to continue on to the next planet.  Those that choose to remain aboard continue to propagate to replace those that moved to the planet.  When the ship is re-populated and deemed ready, it heads out to the next system.
Falling back in his chair, Professor Keene stared at the agent with amazement.  Shaking his head, he said Your people have evidently thought this through pretty thoroughly.  Then he grinned wryly at the agent and added I guess the dream of Faster-than-light engines or warp-drive is not in the picture.
Jamison struggled to keep a straight face but the Professor caught the flicker of a grin and sat up abruptly.  Really?
Not my area Professor.  I can only hope that the whispers Ive heard are true.
Professor Keene was practically vibrating in his seat.  Rubbing his hands, he said I need to head back now.  Ive got student papers to grade and course material to arrange.  Ive also got a university president to convince to allow me more space!
We can help you there Professor.  Well anonymously provide a grant in your name with the stipulation that you have oversight over disbursement.  Thatll give you the leverage youll need to requisition additional space.
Jamison grinned and added You biggest problem will be the envious staffers that learn that you alone have the power over the grant.  You will also suddenly find yourself availed of the best technology in computers and custom software if you need it.
Bouncing out of his chair, the professor paced the room while rapidly muttering to himself.  Jamison pressed the button again and the same woman appeared to escort the agitated professor from the room.  Professor Keene paused long enough to shake the agents hand distractedly.  Alone at last, Jamison moved to the window and opened the curtains.  Sunlight flooded into the room.  As the light warmed him, Jamison nodded to himself contentedly.  He watched as the limo that had brought them there left the parking lot.
Sighing to himself, he returned to the table and picked up the folder the woman had left for him.  He flipped it open and began reading about his next contact.
Chapter 3: The Ultimate Elevator

Professor Keene, long retired, watched with satisfaction as the first Space Elevator and the tethered orbital space station were officially commissioned.  Knowing that he had been a part of the background effort to promote the future of humanity had always been a great source of satisfaction to him.  Many of his students had also been recruited to continue the effort.  The University had gained a new department in his name, dedicated to cataloging the hundreds of new solar systems and planets being discovered all of the time.
Agent Jamison had stopped by unannounced from time to time to encourage him and to quietly bring the Professor up-to-date on developments in other areas of endeavors.  These visits seldom failed to spur the Professor to greater efforts.
The greatest achievement mankind had ever made to that point was the development of practical Fusion reactors.  The professor watched over the intervening years as first, coal-fired power plants, and then the nuclear plants were decommissioned one by one all over the world.
With the advent of low-cost energy, the oil industry shrank to a fraction of its former size and coal mines were largely abandoned.  Natural gas was still being used in remote areas for power generation.  Most cars were now powered by electricity or Natural gas.  Fuel cells had made significant inroads on larger vehicles.
Hyper-trains now connected all points of the compass.  A trans-Siberian link connected North America to Europe and Asia.  Africa was the last to join the global rail-network as only the southern areas had population and the rift valley had blocked access from the Sinai.
Airplanes were now largely a part of history.  With their passing, the Earths average temperature dropped more than a degree as the ice-crystals, created by their exhaust, evaporated.  This allowed more infrared radiation to radiate out into space at night.
The combination of the CMEs devastation and the severe reduction of oil revenue had reduced the Middle-East nations to tribal states again.  Israel had nearly been destroyed by the impact.  In a remarkable show of maturity, the Middle-East conflict finally ended in a peace accord signed by all of the remaining Islamic leaders.
It was years after the CME event before humans could go back into North-Africa.  The impact had turned the sand of the Sahara into a vast, undulating plain of mildly-radioactive glass.  The human devastation was still remarkably evident.  Entire nations had been deleted in an instant.  Sicily was still uninhabited, its volcano having over-flowed, covering the land devastated by the flash and shock of the impact.  Only now were plants beginning to gain footholds in the crumbling lava fields.
The first Space elevator was anchored in the bedrock of Central Malaysia, straddling the equator.  A second elevator was started in Kenya once the areas radioactivity-levels had dropped and the rift valley had quieted.  There were plans for a third elevator in Brazil but the political strife there was delaying the start.
The completion of the Malaysian Space Elevator had allowed the development of low-gravity manufacturing.  Processes that were impossible in full-gravity were now possible.  Earth was soon benefitting from new materials and pharmaceuticals.  Several lingering diseases were finally eradicated as a result.  Several new strains of grains resistant to heat and poor soil helped to reduce hunger world-wide.
 Several more and even larger CMEs had been observed but all missed the Earth by a wide margin.  Mercury was not so fortunate.  It was knocked into an eccentric orbit that was erratic enough to threaten Venus.  Two satellites were positioned between Venus and the Earth to keep an eye on them.
A knock at the door startled him.  Agent Kurt Jamison is at the door Professor.  The house computer announced
Let him in Agnes!
After a moment the computer announced Scan completed.  No weapons detected.
A chuckle sounded from the visitor.  Hi Professor.  Still paranoid I see.
Keene guided the wheelchair into a tight turn so he could face his visitor.  A nearly-bald and stooping Agent Jamison hobbled towards him and stopped, swaying slightly.  The Professor waved him to a nearby chair.  It elevated and tipped forward as Kurt shuffled sideways and dropped gratefully into the self-adjusting cushions.  The chair settled gently back to the floor.
I love this chair!
Its yours then Kurt.  The professor responded.
Startled, Kurt stared at him and then settled back and squirmed around to fit more comfortably.  Thank you Patrick.
To what do I owe this welcome but unexpected visit?
I just wanted to tell you that I have retired.  I would have just sent you a message but we have worked together for so long that I felt that a vid-call was too impersonal.  Besides, were going to be neighbors, of a sort.
Oh?
Yeah.  When I visited you last time, I fell in love with this area, so I decided that I would buy a cabin in the woods overlooking the lake.  It closed a few weeks ago and I am about settled in.
Well, welcome to the neighborhood.  Update your profile so I can arrange to have the chair delivered.
Are you sure you wont need it?
A dry chuckle sounded.  The doctors have told me that this wheel chair will be my permanent mode of transportation now.  Even with all of the new miracle drugs, they still havent cured osteoarthritis.  Fortunately, my transport vehicle was designed with my handicap in mind so I still get around fairly easily.  He glanced down and added I am saving a fortune in new shoes, and no one hassles me about wearing my favorite slippers when I visit.
Kurt joined him in a healthy chuckle.  They turned to watch a documentary on the Space Elevator and both men were pleased to see that their part in the venture was never mentioned.
When the show was over, Kurt excused himself and hobbled out.  The Professor watched his friend until the door closed.  Agnes?
Yes sir?
Retrieve Kurt Jamisons current address.  Ship the recline-o-lounger to him.
Yes sir.  Anything else?
Yes. Order in General Taos Chicken with white rice please.  Delivery in an hour. Have the maid prepare hot green tea just before the food is due.  Done.
Very well sir.
Turning back to the screen, he asked for a replay of the ceremony.  The meal arrived about halfway through the presentation.
Chapter 4: Lunar Orbit

Standby for docking.  The pilot released the intercom switch and concentrated on centering the reticle on the docking arms target.  A few judicious pulses of maneuvering thrusters guided the shuttle to a gentle contact with the arm.  As the arm drew the shuttle against the docking port, the pilot slapped a series of toggles to power systems down.
He popped the hatch to the passenger compartment and floated through.  He held onto a handrail until the last of the passengers had been escorted into the orbital station.  Jose, his co-pilot for the last couple of years floated up and said Thats the last of them Pat.  I unlatched the cargo hatch and the hold is being cleared now.  Pat could hear the faint bumping as the handlers man-handled the containers out.  Touching a control on his forearm, he said Gently people!  That area needs to hold pressure.  You need to treat it gently, like you would a woman her first time!  Chuckles were heard from several sources.  A distinctly feminine voice answered and said Why would I do that?  I wasnt!
Oh shit. The pilot hurriedly shut off the link.
Jose` chuckled and shook his head.  You always manage to put your foot in it when it comes to women Pat!
Oh shut up Jose and lets get out of here.  We only have a few hours before we need to head back to the tether.  And Ive got a vacation dirt-side I dont want to miss!
Shaking his head again, his friend replied I still dont understand why anyone would actually volunteer to feel gravity full-time.  And weather!  Why cant you just spend a little time on the moon and practice flying Archimedes Cavern or dust-surfing on the surface?
Shrugging, Pat couldnt offer a reason any Loonie or Spacer would understand.  Im first-gen Spacer and I remember growing up dirt-side.  I actually enjoyed watching thunderstorms up close and swimming in the ocean.  My parents still live near Tahoe and have invited me to spend some time with them.
Waving to fend off the excuses, Jose pushed off the handle and slipped neatly through the hatch into the station.  Pat followed, irritated that Jose couldnt understand and share in his enjoyment of activities on Earth.  The only part he didnt enjoy was the time he had to spend at the Midway station on the Elevator to regain his dirt-legs.  The two-days spent walking about in Midway was boring.  It took a good nights sleep in full gravity to regain any equilibrium. Even worse, was remembering to put things on a surface, otherwise it would crash to the floor, sometimes disastrously.
Pushing off, he followed Jose into the station, pausing to close and lock the access to the shuttle.  Keying in his code, he was assured that only he or Jose could re-enter the shuttle.  Heading to the Commanders office, he deftly avoided passengers struggling with zero-gee.  Slowing as he approached the hatch leading to the command deck, he lingered out of site, waiting for a verbal confrontation he was hearing to end.  Soon after, a red-faced grounder fumbled his way out of the command deck and rebounded from the opposite bulkhead before inexpertly propelling himself away.
Popping his head around the hatchway, he scanned the interior for other potentially explosive situations.  The commander spotted his furtive entrance and waved him in.  Sorry bout that Pat.  That grounder was upset that a container in his case breeched in flight and allowed cologne to leak out all over his stuff.  I had to remind him that all liquids were supposed to be in vac-u-tainers but he said that it had been a last-minute gift and he hadnt had the time to put into a vac-u-tainer.  I had to have his case strapped to the outside until the liquid has dissipated.
Pat was silently grateful that he wasnt the reason for the explosion.  Hed had his share of complaints from grounders that had suffered various indignities while passengers in his shuttle.  Saluting casually, he announced Reporting that we have arrived safely and intact.  All passengers have been transferred and the shuttle is locked-down.
The commander acknowledged the report and said Refueling is underway.  You should have a full-load when you head back.  I figure you will have about ten hours.
Yes maam.  Ill be ready.  Permission to go EVA and inspect the shuttle.  I noted an odd reading on a pressure gauge for the station-keeping thrusters.
EVAs already underway.  Cameras caught a wisp of vapor coming from your aft thruster area and the Loadmaster wanted it checked out.  It may be nothing but
Understood Commander.  Thank you!  That will give me some more time to catch a few more Zs. Saluting lazily, he backed out of the compartment and headed back to the lounge.
He pulled himself along the handgrips, heading to the crew lounge.  Grabbing a packet of coffee, he injected water until the package swelled to normal size.  He then placed it in the ultrasonic heater for a few seconds.  It came out almost too hot to handle.  Letting it cool a bit, he injected a dose of sweetener and flavoring.  He shook it for a few seconds and then sipped a bit.  Satisfied, he grabbed a wrapped protein-pastry out of a floating mesh bag, and then pulled himself to a corner.  There he slipped his feet into loops on the deck to anchor himself.  This allowed him to eat without floating into another diner.
A few minutes later, Jose entered the lounge and headed to the coffee dispenser.  Pat could smell the dampness from the shower hed taken.  Thus reminded, Pat finished his coffee and then pulled his feet from the loops and headed for the showers.
Once there, he closed the privacy-curtain, stripped out of the paper flight-suit and stuffed it into the cycler.  He floated into the curtained alcove and let the magnetic edges of the shower curtain seal into place.  He turned the fans on to their lowest setting and then used the hand-wand to wet down quickly.  After shutting the water off, he eyed the use-gauge and was pleased to see that he was well under the allotted amount.  He squeezed the nipple of the body-wash dispenser to get a palm-full of cleanser.  Then he quickly rubbed the slimy stuff all over and scrubbed it into his scalp.  He waited a short time for the foaming-action to slow and then rinsed off.  He clipped the wand into its holder and turned the fans on high-speed to collect the water and dry off.  As he shivered in the blast, he wondered briefly why the designers hadnt added larger heaters to the system.
When he was dry enough, he punched the button to kill the air-flow and then un-sealed the shower curtain.  Using a nearby hose with a squeegee attachment, he vacuumed the compartments walls making sure he didnt leave any water droplets lingering around to drift off.  Satisfied, he ripped the plastic from a paper lounging suit and slipped it on.  Closing the adhesive fasteners, he opened the privacy curtain and headed back to the berthing area.
He found an open sleep alcove and zipped himself in.  Dimming the lights, he adjusted the air-jets away from his face and allowed his body to relax.  It drew up into a semi-fetal position as he allowed the tensions to drift away.
He was startled awake by a klaxon sounding an emergency.  He burst out of the alcove and headed towards the shuttle.  Jose met him partway there, still rubbing the sleep from his eyes.
Whats going on? He asked.
Pat shook his head and continued his rapid progress through the station.  Terrified grounders clung to anything at hand and babbled questions at them as they passed.  
Head to the lounge as you were told!  Then youll know more when we do! Pat shouted at them over the blaring of the klaxon.  The Klaxon went silent and the general announcing system chose the moment to crackle awake.
Attention all crews!  A massive solar prominence has been detected.  We have less than a day to move this station into moon-shadow.  All personnel not assigned an emergency station are to gather in the passenger lounge and stay out of the way.  All shuttle crews report to your shuttles and prepare to detach!
Experienced crew-persons guided anxious passengers to the lounge and made sure that they were sealed in so that they couldnt get in the way.  Jose trailed Pat as he followed the florescent-yellow tape leading to their shuttle.  He keyed-in the lock-code and the hatch sighed open.  They ducked through and re-sealed the hatch behind them.
Jose lingered at the hatch to watch their detachment from the station.  Pat popped through the hatch to the cockpit and sealed it behind him.  He toggled switches in rapid succession, bringing systems on-line.  A green light on the console told him that the hatch to the egress umbilical was detached.  Another light went out once the power umbilical had detached.  He keyed the intercom and said Hang on Jose.  Im backing us away.  Verify we clear the tunnel.  A pair of clicks answered him.
Pat joggled the joystick to the right minutely and the maneuvering thrusters pushed them away from the station.  Another pair of clicks told him he was clear of the tunnel.  Allowing their momentum to carry them away, he shifted the headset to traffic control and said Shuttle Galileo clear.
Acknowledged Galileo.  Stand off one hundred meters and follow us.
Ten-four.  Pat killed their momentum at the requested distance and watched as the other shuttles detached and moved to station-keeping positions.  The hatch popping behind him announced Joses entry.  Strapping in, Jose said quietly said All systems are green.  The hold is depressurized.
Pat nodded and they watched as the stations thrusters flared on and the station began to pull away slowly.  Pat eased the aft thrusters on and matched the maneuver.  A few minutes later, the thrusters died and Pat killed his aft thrusters as well.  All shuttles maintain their current relative positions until further notice.  Each shuttle acknowledged and then maintained radio-silence.  Pat adjusted his heading slightly to maintain relative position to the station.  As he waited for any further developments, he eyed the radiation-counter.  He was relieved to note that it was still in the green.
It was several hours before the disk of the Moon eclipsed the Sun.  The station continued to glide forward until it neared the center of the moons shadow.  The bow-thrusters showed blue cones of plasma as the station slowed.  A few puffs of inert gas indicated that it was nearing station-keeping.  Jose watched Pat match the maneuver with skilled ease.  He had always admired Pats skilled handling of their shuttle.
All shuttles stand by to re-connect.  Shuttle Tiderion is cleared to approach.
Pat and Jose watched as small puffs of gas showed the other shuttle obeying the order.  Two other shuttles were allowed to dock before Traffic-control allowed their shuttle to dock.
Confined to the shadow of the moon until cleared by the Solar Observatory, Pat and Jose headed to the Crew-lounge and gathered with the crews of the other shuttles to catch up.  A deck of cards appeared and several crewers belted themselves to the stools around a table to play.  The cards were slightly magnetic, which allowed them to stick to a metallic playing surface laminated to the table.
Some of the other crewers gathered around to kibitz or to place side-bets.  Pat was unlucky at cards so he contented himself with reading a book on his pad.  Jose was flirting with the female cargo-master.  A screen on the bulkhead displayed station-status and a graphic of the radiation-detector.  A sudden spike in the reading drew everyones attention.
The value shot into the yellow area and then slowed.  To everyones relief, the indicator remained in the yellow band for the next hour before slowly falling back into the green.  24-hours later, they were cleared to return to their previous orbit.
Chapter 5: Moon-Base Charlie

All Clear!  Radiation-levels have returned to safe levels.  All personnel on second-shift report to their stations.  Safety supervisors report status.
Minh unlatched the door to the bunker and allowed the people that had taken refuge there to leave.  He unsealed a foil package and handed each person their new radiation badge then scanned their name badges to link the new badges to them.  When the last person and exited the bunker, he took their old badges to the Radiation Monitors office.  They logged them in as he watched and then headed to his cubical to catch some sleep before his shift.
As he settled into his air-mattress and closed his eyes, he felt the tremors as the EM-Launcher hurled materials to Lagrange Five.  Their launcher was positioned at the Moons North Pole.  The other launcher was at the Lunar South Pole.  The business-end of the launcher was aimed at Lagrange Fives targeting lasers.  The South Pole launcher sent material to Lagrange Four.
A gentle tone awakened him an hour prior to his shift.  He scrubbed the sleep from his eyes and carefully swung his feet out from under the light blanket he used.  Calling for the lights, a soft amber glow issued from the ceiling, allowing him to orient himself.  He was fairly new to Moon Base Charlie and still had trouble remembering that, even though gravity only made him weigh about 20 pounds, he had been living in zero-gee most of his life.  His legs still had trouble keeping him vertical.
He showered and shaved quickly.  He wanted to beat the rest of the shift to breakfast.  It was traditional for the kitchen to bake sweet-rolls whenever the all-clear sounded after a solar event.  He never learned when the tradition started; he was just eager to participate.  He exited his room and paced carefully towards that galley.  As he rounded the last corner, he was disappointed to see a long line of eager diners waiting.
He neednt have worried about the sweet-rolls as the cook seemed to have anticipated the need for a treat after spending nearly two days confined to the bunkers.  The coffee tasted better too somehow.  He was pleasantly surprised to see that the orange juice dispenser had been re-filled.
He managed to snag another sweet-roll as he left the galley on his way to his duty-station in Launch-Control.  As he passed the heavy equipment operators suiting up for their shift, Minh was once again grateful that he had taken those extra courses in mathematics.  They had allowed him to score high enough on the placement tests to work in Launch Control rather than driving the loaders and scoops.
He knew that, although the cabs were sealed, accidents happened often enough that all drivers had to wear pressure suits while operating the equipment.  Eight hours sealed in a pressure suit was not a pleasant experience.  You learned to bathe before each shift and never eat gas-producing vegetables within eight hours of your shift.  The suits were not true space suits and didnt have carbon filters.
He relieved the second-shift launch-operator during a re-charge of the capacitors.  As he seated himself, he scanned the gauges and read the trouble log for any events that had occurred since the launcher had resumed operation.  There was only one note that one meteorite-damaged capacitor had been replaced.
Checking the schedule, he noted that they had just over a dozen launches to make.  That was a bit tight as it took nearly forty minutes to re-charge the capacitors.  They had to make up for lost time because of the solar event.  Routine.
He sipped his coffee and nibbled on the sweet-roll as he watched the charge-level climb slowly out of yellow into green.  He endured the envious looks of the two techs working the switchgear in the pit below him.  Food was not allowed at their stations.
The slowly-rising whine of the charging system alerted him to the systems readiness.  The alert strobes began to flash, warning the drivers near the loading facility.  After verifying the trajectory, he pressed his thumb down on the release.  A shudder rocked his chair as the load was propelled to just over 2,400 miles per hour in just under 5 seconds.
A green light signaled that the load had cleared the end of the launcher.  He turned the strobes off, allowing the loaders to resume operation.  With just over half an hour to wait, he locked his controls and headed to the nearby fresher.  The coffee had hit.  When he got back, he found that the remains of his sweet-roll had disappeared.  He glared down at the techs but they studiously ignored him.  Remembering a previous incident, he sniffed his coffee before tasting it carefully.  No solvent added, this time.  He sat down and contemplated his revenge for the purloined sweet-roll.
Chapter 6: Lagrange Five

Incoming! On-target!  The sultry female voice of the computer had once been a novelty, but hearing the same phrase day in and day out had erased the charm.  Glancing at the in-coming loads trajectory towards the Hoops, Ahmed checked that the trajectory was actually on-target.  It was.
He verified that the Mass-Catchers rings were fully-charged and that the levels in the propellant tanks for the counter-thrusters were full.  Watching from a camera at the center of the Rings, Ahmed watched each deceleration-ring jerk as it slowed the load. The rotating magnetic field of the last Ring halted the load and held it until he released it.  A robotic arm retrieved the now-stationary load and handed it off to an automated trawler that would take the load to the appropriate destination.
Verifying that the event hadnt upset the relative position of the Mass-Catcher, he reset them for the next load.  He idly watched the screen tracking the incoming loads and wandered the paths of memory.  His reverie was interrupted when a red highlight appeared on the next load.  The screen centered on the suspect load and updated the tracking information in real-time.  The projected path showed the load was going to miss the Rings entirely.  If the load was critical, one of the tugs would chase it down and tow it back.
Glancing down through the port set in the floor, Ahmed could see the massive framework of the ship gleaming in the light of thousands of massive glow-panels.  The shipyard was an immense, slowly-rotating cylinder with the long axis perpendicular to its orbit around the Earth.  The outer surface of the shipyard was wrapped in a plastic sun-shield.  The plastic had had been coated with a microscopic layer of gold that reflected the infrared portion of the Suns spectrum, leaving the interior of the cylinder far cooler.  If you looked at the Sun through the sun shield, you would see an intense blue disc.  When the shipyard was in solar shadow, the skin showed blue from the lights inside.  It was visible from everywhere on Earth.
The living quarters and offices were at each end of the shipyard.  Each could house nearly twenty-thousand workers.  The ship itself was positioned vertically within the shipyard, parallel to the axis.  The engines were pointed at the South Pole and the front of the ship was at the North Pole.  Ahmed gazed at the huge outline in awe.
He had heard about the effort to build these ships throughout his young life.  A documentary on the CME event of nearly forty years earlier had spurred him on to excel in school and to apply for admission to the project.  He had tested high in physics and ballistics, which landed him at the controls of the Mass-Catcher: the magnetic Rings that slowed the incoming loads from the Moon.  He hoped that any potential mate would also be a part of the effort.  He had heard rumors that the children of those that worked directly on or for the project would get preferential treatment when colonists were chosen.  He doubted that he would ever be chosen when the ship was ready, but hoped one of more of his children would be selected.
A rapidly-increasing beeping reminded him to the fact that the incoming load was off-course.  He quickly verified the trajectory, confirming that it would indeed miss the station entirely.  He sounded the alert and disabled the rings so that their field wouldnt affect the off-course load as it passed by.  He keyed his headset and reported Reporting a missed load.  No danger to the station.  He had already reset the rings for the next load when a bored voice acknowledged his announcement.
Cho relaxed for a moment to allow the weld to solidify, and then inspected it with a scanner.  Perfect.  As usual.  He moved on to the next section he had been assigned and checked to see if the structural members had been tack-bonded correctly.  He matched the three-dimensional projection of his scanner to the actual structure and noticed one member was slightly askew.  He verified his position to the reference marks and saw again that the same member was out-of-position.
Slapping the scanner back onto the Velcro patch on his left arm, he jetted over to the suspect assembly and examined the welds.  It took a couple of measurements from known-good references to show where the components hadnt been securely clamped before tacking.  He used his hand-laser to soften the suspect bonds and re-positioned the parts.  He allowed the bonds to solidify and re-checked the components new position.  Satisfied, he flashed a couple of additional tacks with the laser before moving to the starting-point for this section.  If he timed it right, he would complete this section just before he was due to go off-shift.
Later, as the he jetted back to his suit-station, he tried to picture the 10-mile long pair of cylinders, fully enclosed and filled with colonists, flying off to the stars.  He hoped that his children would be chosen to go.  He paused before ducking into the hatch to look back at the Earth.  The terminator was over the Pacific and Asia was brilliant with light.
He grabbed onto the ring above his assigned suit-station and swung around.  Backing up, he wiggled a bit to settle the support pack into its seals.  When the indicators all showed green, he released the ring and pulled his arms from the sleeves.  Reaching down and back, he grasped both releases and waited while the shallow depression behind him re-pressurized.  There was a brief hiss as the rear hatch opened.  He wriggled backwards until the docking assistant grabbed his belt and eased him out of the suit.
Nodding to the assistant, he closed the access cover and verified that the suits systems were connected.  The diagnostics showed that the power-packs were re-charging and the water and waste systems were purging.  He retrieved the air filters and exchanged them with renewed units from the slots above the hatch.  Satisfied, he pushed off towards the ceiling and then somersaulted to push off with his feet towards the exit.  Lightly guiding himself with touches as surfaces came within range, he ducked into the fresher and strapped in.  Using the sealed hand-washing station afterwards, he reveled in the warmth of the water on his chilled hands.  A few moments later his hands were dry and he pulled them clear.
He decided to forego a shower until after he ate.  He floated towards the hub and lowered himself towards the rotational section.  Orienting his feet, he slipped his grip and drifted down as he felt his weight return.  He hit the cushion at the bottom of the slide and stepped away to allow the next person to use it.
He walked to the mess hall and joined the queue.  Grabbing a tray, he followed the queue down the line, piling on the making of a high-calorie meal.  He liked his meat very rare, and he always tipped the chef to cook it that way versus the medium mandated by the regulations.  Filling a mug with iced tea, he headed to a corner table.
He and shift-mates talked shop while scarfing down nearly 2000 calories.  He carried the now-empty tray to the scullery and then headed to the showers.  His sleep was sweet.
* * *
Commander?
Commander Lansing turned towards the young woman.  Yes Ms. Treller?
The weekly status meeting has gathered and is awaiting you sir.
Commander Lansing nodded.  Thank you Ms. Treller.  He turned towards the passageway that led to the meeting room.  He used the short walk to draw serenity around him like a cloak.  He paused outside the closed door to allow himself one additional moment of peace before facing the inevitable excuses and pleas for understanding.  The recent solar event had added further to the delays his command was facing.
Palming the plate, the door slid aside, allowing a tidal wave of sound to wash over him.  He stood there, waiting for the occupants to recognize his entry.  The sudden hush almost caused him to stumble; as if a wind he had been leaning into had been blocked.  He paced quietly to the head of the table.
Those in attendance knew that the meeting would have to be conducted in an orderly fashion or they would be ejected from the meeting and lose their chance to present their reports and requests.  They all waited until the Commander was seated and then the lead contractor leaned in and thanked the Commander for his time.
He nodded at the group around the table and said I appreciate you all sparing the time to meet with me today.  He looked at each person at the table, gauging their attitudes.  I realize that the recent solar event has even further delayed our progress, so, what I want to hear today is what you are planning to do to get us back on schedule.  He held up a hand to forestall the inevitable protests and pleadings. Your various companies were informed when they signed on to this little adventure, that there were many possible events that would delay progress, and, they were asked to take such delays into their calculations.
We also understand that what we are trying to accomplish here has never been done before, so provisions were made on our part to work with you to overcome every obstacle we face.
That said, I fully expect to hear some very imaginative and creative stories.  He paused to give weight to his next statement.  If you offer a reason for delays beyond the recent solar event, I also want to hear what you plan on doing to overcome the accumulated delays to-date.  Clear?
He nodded at woman on his right, clearing her to speak.  She nodded shortly and used the brief delay to glance at her notes.  Her company ran the shuttle flights from the Orbital Tether and they had been delayed just over two days.
Shuttle flights have resumed.  Passengers and cargo have been re-ordered to bring in supplies first, then critical personnel.  We anticipate that we will be back on-schedule in 5 days, four if we can restore one shuttle that has a damaged engine.
She glanced around the table as she completed her report and was secretly pleased that her report had apparently put some of the other contractors off, since they could not now blame her company for shipping delays.
The Commander nodded and made a quick note on the pad in front of him and then nodded to the next representative seated to her right.  It took nearly an hour but the meeting was rather subdued and surprisingly productive.
Thank you all for the rather encouraging reports.  I know weve all suffered setbacks but I need to remind all of you that we are not in competition here; we are trying to ensure Humanitys survival.  Im glad to see that most of you and your companies have stopped stabbing each other in the back or trying to shift blame around.  The more we work together to complete this project, the faster our children will be able to flee this solar system and carry the hope for our future out among the stars.  Are there any other items to discuss?  No?  Then thank you all.  This meeting is adjourned.
Everyone waited until the Commander had departed before leaving.  Some people stopped to negotiate with their counter-parts for favors or to offer help if a department had been especially hard-hit by the radiation storm.  Others quietly observed the growing cooperative spirit with pleasure.
Chapter 7: Sabotage

Commander!  Major Miles has taken over control of the Reactor Control room and begun to destabilize the stations reactor!  The urgent announcement over the station intercom startled the Commander just as he was about to fall into bed after another exhausting day.
Fumbling for the key, the Commander asked Where are the duty reactor operators now?
They are trying to get into the Auxiliary Reactor control room.  Cameras inside both of the control rooms are dead.  We have had no response to any attempts to communicate with the main reactor control room.
Thinking quickly, the Commander ordered Send Security to all hatchways leading to Reactor Control and cut in the transfers to the auxiliary control room.  Have the Senior Reactor Supervisor meet me at Aux Reactor Control
Yes Sir!
The Commander dressed quickly while reviewing the relevant emergency procedures for remote Reactor Shut-Down.  You couldnt just flip a switch or open a breaker; the intense energies confined in the cores of such reactors had to be bled-off slowly as they were powered-down.  If the controls for the cooling systems were upset or the confinement fields were destabilized, the result could result in a small thermonuclear event that would largely destroy the entire station.  Even if that was avoided, the damage to the reactor could take too long to repair, allowing the station to drift out of its stable orbit in Lagrange 5 and be pulled hopelessly towards the Earth or the Moon.
Striding to the Auxiliary Reactor Control room, the Commander was met by the Senior Reactor Supervisor and a pair of senior operators.  They were trying to gain entry but the flushed face of the SRS told him that more trouble was afoot.  Stepping back to allow the Commander at the pad, he gestured towards it and said Someone has cut power to the pad.  If we dont find a way to restore power, well have to force our way in
Turning to the intercom set into the bulkhead near the hatch, the Commander barked Damage Control crews to Auxiliary Reactor Control!  This is not a drill!  He heard the computer echoing his command in all circuits.  A moment went by before a click was heard, followed by Damage Control; Aye-Aye sir!
It took the DC crew nearly 20 minutes to un-bolt the hatch into Auxiliary Control.  Stepping into the darkened space, the Commander flipped the toggles for the lights, only to be greeted with darkness.
Im sorry Commander.  There will be no lights in Aux Control, now or ever again!  A familiar voice sounded from an overhead speaker.
The darkness hiding his dismay, the Commander realized that he was facing not only loss of control over the reactor; he was facing the loss of the entire station.  The voice he had heard confirmed that his second-in-command was the one in Reactor Control.  He sagged as he realized that, even if he resolved the situation, his friend was finished.
Hed had the unfortunate duty to inform the man that he had been passed over for command of the Lagrange 4 station and was facing forced retirement.  The man hadnt responded well to the news but no hint of this treachery was evident in his history.
The Commander moved over to the Senior Reactor Engineer that had joined him in the control room and whispered loudly in the mans ear Get control of this situation NOW!
Startled at the ferocity in the Commanders tone, the man stuttered Aye-Aye Sir! and turned to issue orders to the other techs in his department.  The lights came on within a few minutes as someone replaced the damaged breakers.  What greeted them was smashed controls and shredded wiring.  As they assessed the damage, a chuckle sounded from the speaker again.
I told you Commander, you cannot thwart me now!  I have the only functioning set of reactor controls, and no one knows them better than I do.  Say goodbye to humanitys chances of escape!  The speaker went silent.  The Commander hadnt failed to note the shrilling of a cooling system failure alarm in the background.
Waving the Security Chief to him, the Commander ordered the Senior Reactor Engineer Start replacing the damaged controls from the spares stored aboard for the ship.  I seem to remember that they were supposed to be the same style so that the ships reactor operators would find them familiar.  Commandeer any personnel or support you need!
Aye-Aye Sir!  The SRE hurried out of the control room, trailed by two operators while several techs began removing damaged panels and wiring.  Pulling the Security Chief into a corner, he whispered I want options on how to neutralize this situation!
The Security Chief was a hardened veteran of many space station posts.  Hed had to deal with drunks, thugs, con men and thieves over the years, but had never had to deal with the threat of the destruction of an entire station and nearly twenty-thousand people.  He knew that there was nothing written to cover this situation.  It would take some fast and creative thinking.  Looking at the Commander he said quietly Give me a little while to huddle with my people and the heads of Damage-Control and Reactor Operations.  I should have some recommendations for you shortly.
Nodding curtly, the Commander stepped back and the Security Chief hurried away.  He turned to the intercom and toggled a switch reserved for emergencies.  Attention: all personnel!  This is Commander Lansing.  All personnel not actually working to resolve our current emergency will report to their evacuation stations! He released the toggle and turned back to watch as the techs were listing the damages on a pad, knowing that the SRE was receiving that list as it was being created.  Leaving the men to their work, he headed to the main Reactor Control room to try and talk some sense into his now-former second-in-command.
He arrived to find armed security people blocking all access to the areas around the control room.  They parted silently to let him pass and he strode up to the intercom mounted near the only access to the room.  Pressing the TALK button, he said quietly, Charlie; Its me, David.
Silence was the only response at first.  The Commander tried to picture his friend of nearly thirty years on the other side of the door.  He wondered what had driven him to this extreme.  He was also wondering how he was going to defuse this situation.
Im sorry Dave, but I cant go back to Earth now, now that Ive failed to make Commander.  This project has been my life!  No one has worked harder to promote it.  I deserved the command of Lagrange four!
There was a short pause as he seemed to shift gears. Besides, with Janet and the children dead now, Ive no one left to go home to.
The Commander empathized with Charlie.  He had seen how his familys death had affected him.  They had been best friends since their academy days.  Charlies family had been aboard an early-model Climber when the escape hatch blew accidentally.
He also had to acknowledge the unfairness of Charlie being passed-over for command.  He too felt that the man that had been selected to command Lagrange Four was only there because he had supported an influential man on the Shipyards Board of Directors.
Just let us in Charlie.  Its not too late to restore the cooling system and save the reactor.  The silence was longer this time.  Please Charlie!  I know that you have faced some disappointments and were devastated by Janets death, but why does any of that justify this?  There are a lot of people on this station Charlie.  Did any of them do something to you to deserve death?
After an agonizing pause, he heard the speaker come on.  I have no future Dave.  When I started this, I knew there would be no turning back.  The speaker popped and then the voice went on.  I was a good officer Dave!  I deserved that promotion!  I worked hard to earn command of Lagrange 4.  But I was passed-over for some political appointee because I didnt kiss some Senators perfumed back-side or didnt play the game the right way.
He seemed to pause to catch his breath, or to organize his thoughts before he went on. If this project cant reflect the best ideals of humanity, if politics still rules us even at this juncture, then maybe humanity doesnt deserve to survive!  Maybe we are just too primitive to merit survival!  Have you considered that David?  Why should a primitive and violent race like mankind be allowed to reach for the stars?  Why should we be allowed to spread like a disease throughout the galaxy?
Letting him rant to gain some insight into Charlies mental condition, The Commander glanced around to gauge the reactions of the people listening in.  All were concerned or frightened by the tirade they were hearing.  He couldnt blame them; they were facing certain death at the hands of a man they had trusted.  And, they were depending on him to resolve the situation.
The Security Chief sidled up to the Commander and touched his arm.  The Commander leaned towards him, unwilling to leave the area in case he heard an opening or possibility of negotiation from Charlie.
I have polled the other Department Heads and they have a few solutions, but none will allow us to regain control in time.  Hesitating, the Chief then added I have a suggestion, but only you can authorize it.  He faltered.
Raising an eyebrow, the Commander encouraged him to continue.  Sighing, the Chief said If we vent the room to space, and then restore the pressure.  Anyone in the control room will become unconscious long enough for us to force the hatch.  We will need some time to set it up though.  Nodding towards the locked hatch, he added You will need to keep him distracted to allow us the time.
It only took a moment to approve the action.  He nodded and the chief dashed off, a group of techs and security people trailing along in his wake.  Bracing himself for the deception, the Commander turned back to the speaker to hear Charlie ask a question.
The Commander looked at the group and whispered What did he just ask?  One of those standing nearby answered He just asked if you were still there.
Nodding his thanks, the Commander turned to the intercom and toggled it.  Yes Charlie.  Im still here.  Ive been thinking about what you have been saying.  I can see your reasons for some things, but I still dont understand how you being passed-over as reason enough to kill everyone on the station and set the program back fifty years.
Releasing the toggle, he waited for Charlies response.  The silence stretched out agonizingly.  Hoping he had scored a point or two, the Commander keyed the toggle again and asked Is there anything you want to tell the entire station Charlie?  I can arrange for you to tell them why you want to kill them all.  Many of them have served with us since we were stationed here.  Weve eaten with them and watched their families grow up.  We have seen their children marry and start families.  Do you want to tell them why you suddenly have the sole authority to determine their fate?
There was no response.  He hoped that it was a sign that he was getting through.  After he felt he has allowed enough time elapse, he keyed the toggle and added quietly Maybe the shrinks that evaluate us for command positions detected this possibility on your part and that was why you were passed over.  Think about it Charlie;  would you want you in charge, knowing that it would only take something as small as a missed promotion to send them over the brink?
The Security Chief was hurrying towards him when the Commander heard the hatch behind him hiss and start to open.  Holding up a palm to the Chief, who nodded and slipped out of sight, the Commander turned to face the slowly-opening hatch.  As the heavy hatch clicked against the bulkhead and latched, the Commander saw Charlie slumped against the opposite bulkhead, staring listlessly at his hands folded in his lap.
Stepping through, the Commander seated himself beside his friend and reached over to put an arm around his shoulders.  Charlie erupted into heart-wrenching sobs and fell over into the Commanders lap, curled up into a fetal-position.  The Commander just held him and then nodded to the Security Chief as he peeked around the hatch opening.  Secure the compartment and then bring in the Reactor operators and check on the reactors status Chief.  And locate the duty staff. He said quietly.
Nodding, the Chief pulled his head back and several security officers dashed into the control room, followed closely by the Reactor Chief.  It was only a short time later that the Reactor Chief approached him and said quietly, The reactor is stable Commander.  He must have restored the controls before letting us in.
Nodding his thanks, he slowly got up and helped Charlie to his feet.  Head hung in shame, Charlie allowed himself to be escorted from the area.  Waving help aside, the Commander slowly walked with his friend to the medical section.  There, he conferred with the doctor and had Charlie sedated and restrained.
Back in his office, he received reports on the status of the repairs to the Aux Reactor Control room and on the status of the reactor itself.  The good news was the reactor and the station had survived.  The sad news was his friend of thirty years was ruined.  Thirty years of faithful service, a shining career, trashed by an emotional reaction.  Shaking his head in sorrow, the Commander closed his door and stood staring into space with his hands clasped behind his back.
Chapter 8: Milestone

Turning to face the camera that was tied to the Earth Network News link, The Commander quietly cleared his throat and hoped his mouth wouldnt dry out during the momentous speech.  At a signal from his aide standing behind the camera, The Commander gazed into the lens and imagined almost 14 billion people looking at him expectantly.
I am Commander Harris of the Lagrange Five space-yards.  I have the privilege to announce to all of humanity that GenStar One has reached a major milestone!  He paused a moment to allow the cheering in the background to die down.
I was informed today that the last hull-plate was sealed into place.  This will allow us to begin pressurizing the interiors of both habitats.  The main reactor is already providing the light and power needed inside the habitats.  It soon will be providing heat as well!
Once the habitats have been tested air-tight, they will be spun-up to one-third gravity to allow the workers to complete the interiors without having to wear their space suits.  He heard a loud reaction from the representatives of the ship-fitters.
Many of these workers will actually live aboard GenStar One to allow them more time to work without having to transit between the station and the ship.  GenStar One will soon host a population of nearly twenty-thousand workers, all working to complete the ship so that humanity can sail among the stars!
Looking off-camera to his wife, and then back at the lens, the Commander added I have been authorized to announce that the selection process for colonists will begin immediately.  Loud cheering interrupted him.  When he could make himself heard again, the Commander looked intently into the lens and said All of the governments of the Earth have pledged to offer the best from their citizens as candidates for the program.  Not all of them will be chosen.  Only those that are the best fit to a position, regardless of gender, ethnicity or nationality, will be further screened for suitability.
We here, and all who have worked over these last 55 years to this point, wish all candidates Good Fortune.  Thank you and good day.
A signal from the camera-operator told him that he was off the air.  He slumped slightly and then headed towards his wife.  She clung to him encouragingly and whispered up to him That was a beautiful speech Marty.  He clasped her to him, knowing that the announcement of the selection process would bring up old pains for them.  Their only son had died in a traffic mishap while attending college.  He had been tapped early on for participation in the project as an Engineer and the family had discussed the best ways to prepare him for eventual candidacy in the colonization process.  His death had been a severe blow to them.
Leaning back to look up at him, his wife added through a tight throat, Jimmy would have been pleased too.  He said nothing but hugged her tightly, oblivious to the general revelry around them.  When he could do so, he guided her away from the throng and to his quarters.  She had joined him aboard the station once his second-in-command had moved to the ship to oversee the on-board progress.  She had taken over the Majors quarters and the Commander had the Damage Control crew put a private hatch between their adjoining quarters.  He smiled to himself at the privileges his position sometimes granted him.
He wasnt alone with such an arrangement.  Many of the officers and senior staff had brought their spouses aboard as space aboard the station was vacated.  It was temporary but a significant morale-booster.
With the responsibility over the ships completion largely in the hands of his second-in-command, the Commander oversaw the conversion of some of the space stations areas to transient quarters and training facilities.  Much of the final training of the colonists would take place here.  Temporary quarters allowed them to buffer the transfer of colonists as living quarters aboard the ship were made ready.
The Commander knew that neither he nor his wife would be selected to become colonists.  It had been a sore-point throughout the duration of the project that service during the building of the ships did not automatically grant someone a greater chance at being selected.  Besides, they were too old.  His wife had sadly told him shortly after their son had died that she would decline to go if selected.
Debate about the selection process had been on-going since the project had started with the commissioning of the Malaysian Space Elevator.  Acrimonious and sometimes violent debate had been heard throughout the intervening years about who should be excluded or included.  Many scandals had rocked the selection committee over the years as various individuals and organizations had sought to influence the needs for each area of need.  Some wealthy and influential people had been exposed trying to get themselves or family-members preferential treatment.
A copy of the Selection Protocol had been leaked to the public a short time before that days announcement.  Riots had rocked many capitals around the globe when it revealed what types of people; behaviors or DNA characteristics would be screened-out.  Many died in the protests themselves or as a result of individuals exacting revenge or retribution on people that seemed to have gained the advantage.  The furor was still being quelled in many spots.  The Commander pitied those tasked with the actual selection and screening process.
The Commander opened the door to their quarters and led his wife inside.  He ushered her through the private doorway to allow her time to change and be alone.  He headed to his terminal and ordered up a meal for them, to be enjoyed here in his quarters.  While he waited, he mentally reviewed the schedule for the next few days, seeking to minimize his time away from the station to allow the maximum time to spend with Grace.  He made a note to take her on a tour of many of the areas that most civilians never got to see.
Chapter 9: Conspiracy

Senator?
The elegantly-dressed woman turned in the direction of the voice.  She noted at once that the young man facing her was a reporter.  What can I do for you Mister?
Touching his badge, the man answered respectfully My name is Samuelson, Henry Samuelson.  I represent ENN.  May I ask you a question?
Glancing at her schedule projected virtually before her via her vid-tacs, she said truthfully I can give you one minute.  I have to meet the Chairman at the Selection Committee chambers.
Nodding gratefully, he touched a contact on his temple-mounted recorder.  A tiny blue light showed that the recorder was active.  Now that the Selection Protocol has been released, what, if anything can be done to reconsider those reportedly being judged as unfit to emigrate?
Sandra had known that the exclusionary sections were going to be controversial, but she had been appalled at the reaction around the world.  Several nations had withdrawn their ambassadors from other nations capitals.  Others had threatened to withhold their citizens from serving if the Protocols were not revised.
Looking into the microscopic lens in the tip of the reporters, camera, she said quietly The Protocol has been developed scientifically to screen out tendencies towards certain diseases, or predispositions towards destructive habits.  No one that smokes, uses drugs or is addicted to alcohol, gambling or other destructive activities will be included.  Felons are also excluded.  The possibility of revisions is always open but I doubt that the Protocol will change
Nodding, the reporter said Thank you for your time Senator.  He touched the contact again to stop the recording.  Stepping back and to one side, he waved a hand graciously in the direction the Senator had been heading, inviting her to proceed.  Smiling slightly at the gallant gesture, she nodded in return and promptly forgot the encounter.  She sub-vocally called up her notes and reviewed them as she strode the short distance to the meeting room.
Ah!  At last!  Senator Ramey graces us with her august presence.  The Chairmans gentle sarcasm silenced the group sitting around the table.  Senator Ramey took her seat and nodded at the Chair.  I was waylaid by an ENN reporter.
Chuckles rippled around the table.  Everyone there had been set upon since the Protocol had been released.  For years, they had worked quietly, out of the lime-light, shrouded in obscurity.  Their mandate had been agreed upon nearly 50 years ago once ground had been broken for the Space Elevator.  Now that their committees efforts were public knowledge, they had all been thrust into the news and had been peppered with requests for interviews and huge volumes of pleas for inclusion, changes or hate-mail.
The Chairman picked up a tiny mallet and tapped the crystal gong, announcing the start of the meeting.  This meeting is called to order.  Any old business?  He waited a few moments before going on.  Any new business?
Uh Mister Chairman
No George, you may not be excused from tonights celebration.  The Chancellor is expecting all of us there.  Besides, if I have to listen to his speech, so do you.  Why should you be exempt from such torture?  Genial laughter drowned out Georges insulting reply.
With that out of the way, I want to thank all of you and your predecessors for the quality work that has gone into the Protocol.  While future generations will likely criticize many of our decisions, they will have survived to criticize!  Besides, none of us will probably be around to hear them gripe and then, with the perfect hindsight of history, tell our descendants just how much better their choices would have been!  Chuckles sounded from nearly all present.
Leaning forward to emphasize his next remarks, the Chairman added We will be accused of everything from simple prejudice to outright eugenics!  We will suffer the slings and arrows of those that will not be chosen and the political pressure to change the selection process.
The Chairman asked for a motion to adjourn the meeting, which was offered and seconded.  The members shook hands with those around them and gradually vacated the room singly and in pairs.  Sandra and the Chairman were the last occupants.  He held out an elbow and Sandra slipped her hand through.  She leaned into him momentarily and then he waved the lights off as they stepped through into the private hallway that led to the parking garage.
Sandra stopped the Chairman as he reached for the call button.  He turned towards her with an eyebrow lifted.  She glanced back up the hallway to ensure that they were truly alone.  She than leaned into him and said quietly When will the selection committees receive the Protocol?
He paused for a moment, considering his answer.  The Selection committees had been carefully selected over the years and their identities had been a carefully-guarded secret.  Should their names and affiliation be revealed before they had been sequestered, their lives and those of their families and friends could be at-risk.  He eyed Sandra, wondering at her asking him to violate procedure.
Sandra held her breath, knowing that she was pushing the limits of their friendship.  She needed to know so that her associates could monitor the suspected Committee members and move to intercept some of them.
Shaking his head, the Chairman replied Senator; you know that the release of the protocol and the pre-screened lists of names to the committees is being handled by another section.  But, even if I knew, I couldnt tell even you.
She tried to mask her disappointment.  She sexual allure was usually able to sway most men to her will.  He had misjudged the Chairmans strength of will.  He was watching intently as she strove to recover her poise and said I was simply curious, thats all Simon.
He nodded and then pressed the call-button.  The doors to the lift swept aside almost instantly.  The four armed men in the lift stepped out to surround the pair.  Stepping away from her, the Chairman said sadly Im truly sorry Sandra.  I was hoping that someone else had been the one leaking information.
She was flabbergasted But, but Simon!  I havent leaked anything!  You have the wrong person!
Sadly shaking his head, the Chairman said I gave each member of the committee slightly different information on key points in their copies of the Protocol.  Your copy is the one that showed up prematurely.
Looking angrily around at the four men there to arrest and restrain her, she turned back to the Chairman and said We will overturn this Protocol Simon.  It is immoral to exclude so many people!  They have the same rights as everyone else to be considered!  Just because they have a DNA-based propensity for cancer or some other disease is no reason to exclude them!
I wont argue the point with you Sandra.  Waving to the leader of the men, they handcuffed her and moved her into the lift.  When the doors closed, the Chairman walked back to the meeting room and sat in his spot at the head of the table.  After a few minutes, the rest of the committee members filed into the room more subdued than when they had departed.  He waited until they had reseated themselves to announce quietly Senator Ramey has been arrested for leaking the Protocol.  He paused to allow them the time to glance at her unoccupied chair and then glance around at each other.
We and our predecessors in this room have worked long and hard to define the Protocol.  It has been endlessly debated and reorganized.  The pros and cons explored extensively.  It is the best effort of many conscientious people over the last 50 plus years.
The people selected to crew GenStar One and the sister ships need to have the best chance to succeed.  Having people aboard that have self-destructive habits or a genetic predisposition for a shortened life-span or serious illness is unthinkable.  We have to especially careful of those defects that tend to carry forward into succeeding generations.  We are even screening out those with sexually-transmitted diseases.
We have over 20 billion people to choose from.  We knew from the start that only a relative few would be able to go.  We needed to make sure that those people offered the best option for positive contribution and a reasonable expectation of success.
Senator Rameys downfall was her sympathy towards those that have health issues or are educationally disadvantaged.  She felt that the selection process should have a wider application, so as to more-accurately reflect our current demographics.  Unfortunately, because of her premature release of the Protocol, those that oppose this effort now have a head start on organizing an opposition.
He added sadly It is entirely possible that some or all of our careful work will be over-ridden by politicians trying to appeal to the masses and appear benevolent.  He leaned forward and said quietly The Protocol has been released so the damage is done.  What we have to do now is damage-control.  Fortunately for us, another committee was formed for this very eventuality.
To the surprised looks flashed his way, the Chairman smiled and said The Protocol will be followed, but from behind the scenes.  A wider selection is likely as the politicians throw their support behind a popular effort to expand the selection process, but most, if not all of those people that get selected outside the parameters set forth in our protocol, will get excluded by other means.
Murmurs from the members swelled to a loud debate.  The chairman sat back and let them express their views.  He needed to sense their positions on this revelation so he could note the ones that were against the newly-revealed method.  It was early enough and they knew too little to harm the process should they chose to leak their new-found knowledge.
He glanced down at the micro-camera embedded in the microphone in front of him.  He knew that each of the other microphones in the room was similarly equipped and that the recordings would be scrutinized for tell-tales of disloyalty.  It was a violation of their rights to be monitored this way, but the reason for the precaution out-weighed other considerations.
After allowing time for the members to give voice to their concerns, the Chairman called the meeting to order and then dismissed them with a stern warning about their loyalty oaths and the need for discretion.
He shook hands with each of them as they left, giving each a quiet word of assurance and encouragement.  When the last one had left, closing the doors as he did so, the Chairman collapsed into his chair and lay back, staring at the ceiling.  The soft snick of a catch behind him caused him to slowly pivot around.
The man standing in the opening of the secret panel leading to the recording room was unremarkable in appearance.  He had the kind of face that wouldnt stay with you once you looked away.  He secured the door and then waved at the Chairman as he departed as well.  Finally alone, the Chairman swiveled in his chair to unheard music.
Chapter 10: Confrontation at the Space Elevator

The final touches were being made to GenStar One.  Both habitats were up to full speed and the huge engines were installed.  The fueling process was on-going and would be done in a few months.
Potential colonists from around the world had gathered at secured locations, far from public view, and given training in ship-board life.  This included familiarization with systems in their residences and damage-control training for fire, breaches, and other emergencies.
The ships crew was already aboard and they were wringing out the last of the shipyards punch-lists.  Contractors responsible for the habitability aspects of the residential areas were painting and outfitting each residence per the desires of the eventual occupants.
The farms had been established early on to supply food for the workers building the ships.  They also regulated the carbon-dioxide levels and returned clean oxygen to the air.  A few tweaks in the make-up of the crops being grown had allowed nearly all food shipments for the workers to cease.  Many of the animals aboard had been born there and had never set foot on earth.
The species that seemed to adapt most readily were the fish and other aquatic species.  The lack of predation had allowed their numbers to grow far more rapidly than expected.  As a result, fish of some sort was on the menu more often than had been anticipated.
No predators or any of the larger aquatic and land-based creatures were included as live specimens.  DNA samples for all species had been included in frozen storage in case they were needed on the planets the humans decided to colonize.
To keep many of those aboard happy, most of the animals living aboard were there simply to provide wool, hair, milk and eggs.  Few of them, other than the chickens, would actually be used for meat.  It was planned that the animals manure would help fertilize the farms, and the grazers would eat the stubble and chaff in the fields after harvests.  The pigs would recycle left-over food and spoilage.  Chickens were aboard in a wide variety, along with careful additions of other egg-laying birds.
After years of trial-and-error, synthetic meat had finally been brought to a point that most people didnt know the difference.  That, and soy-based substitutes helped to supplement the cravings of the carnivores among the workers and crew.  Synthetic meat was often used for the ground-meat based items like lunch meats and sausages.
Vast amounts of natural elements need to keep the farms soil in balance were stored under vacuum in the spider-webbing of framework between the habitats.  Stores of other raw materials that couldnt be derived from waste products or recycling were also stored in vacuum.
As soon as the habitats had been spun-up, the farmers and fisheries specialists were brought aboard to ply their trades.  They helped to start-up and monitor the progress of the farms and supervised the livestock breeding programs.  Sometime during this period, a few rats managed to sneak aboard in a sealed shipping container.  To eliminate them, a steep bounty was awarded to anyone that turned in the bodies.  A lively after-hours hunt soon had the rats eliminated.
As more of the crew took over, the contractors gradually withdrew.  Some of the contractors had tried to hide in seldom-accessed areas but they were eventually discovered and escorted off the ship.  There were sad reports of crew-members finding the remains of people, including once an entire family that had stowed away in shipping containers.
Museums and other facilities around the world had supplied GenStar One with selections from their collections.  Many of these were packed away in secured areas, while others were sequestered in secure glass-and-steel displays for the enjoyment of the passengers and crew.
Alexi was one of the fortunate few from her home town of Petropavlovsk.  She was trained in genetics and was slated to work in the animal-husbandry field to detect and correct any errors that crept into the gene-pool.  She had been faced with the choice of accepting the invitation to become a colonist, or to stay and marry Pieter.  Her parents and Pieter had both urged her to become a colonist.  She and Pieter spent one last weekend together before she was whisked away to St. Petersburg to begin training for shipboard life.
The year spent in St. Petersburg was so intense that she seldom had time to reconsider her decision or to miss her family.  They exchanged messages from time to time, but personal contact was discouraged.  She missed her family but understood that, once she was aboard ship, she would never actually see them again except in messages.
The hardest part of her existence was saying goodbye to the fellow candidates that failed the testing and had to leave the program.  She never learned their fate as none of them ever tried to contact anyone still in the program.   Eventually, she had the small cubical all to herself.  Sometimes the memories of her roommates faces and shared dreams crashed in on her in moments of despair.
The day arrived finally when she and the rest of her group were scheduled to leave for the ship.  As she had packed her meager belongings, Alexi reflected on her life-choices once again.  There was no chance of her changing her mind now and returning to Pieter; he had married a couple of weeks earlier.  While she was happy for him, she had cried herself to sleep that night.
Alexi sat in the lobby of the station with the people that remained from her group, waiting for the train to arrive.  As she looked out through the windows, her view was taken up by the waving signs of the protestors camped outside the fence surrounding the station.  She could read many of the signs they held aloft and was saddened by the sentiments revealed there.  Some were pleas to take their children and others condemned them for fleeing a sinking ship.  Many religious people were praying for their safety.  Candles by the thousands burned night and day, stuck through the mesh of the fence or placed in colorful holders on the ground.
The train hissed to a stop and the doors popped in and then to one side.  Porters stepped out and urged them to board quickly.  As she stepped past an older man on her left, she saw a flash of what looked like anger flicker in his face.  She turned to look back as she was herded along but failed to spot him again.  Facing forward again, she allowed the throng to move her along until she was left alone in a car that was completely devoid of people.
Alexi placed her small bag on the shelf over a seat and settled near a window.  The train began to move almost immediately.  The scenery began to move by faster and faster until it was merely a blur.  Only things quite a distance away remained in focus.  She was distracted by the sound of the door of the car hissing closed. She glanced that way in time to see the old man she had seen earlier taking a seat near the door.
She turned back to the window and let the incident fade.  Her reveries were soon interrupted by a person sitting down beside her.  Startled, she gasped and turned to find that it was the old man.  She started to get up in panic when the man raised both hands, palms outward.
He jumped up and backed away, holding his hands, palms forward towards her.  Please.  Im sorry I startled you.  I suppose I should have asked before sitting here.  He looked down as if deciding whether to go on, then glanced up and said May I speak with you for moment?
Her heart was still pounding out of her chest but she hesitated long enough to take a second, closer look at the mans face.  He was pleading with her with his eyes.
Swallowing hard, she asked What can I do for you?
The man sagged visibly and sat in another seat facing her.  A tear rolled down one cheek unnoticed.  He sniffed and then wiped the tears away with the back of a shaking hand.  My granddaughter looked a lot like you.  You startled me back at the station.
Her heart-rate slowing, Alexi leaned forward and patted the mans hand.  You startled me too.  No harm done.
The man nodded distractedly.  Then he straightened perceptibly and said When I saw you enter the train, I was reminded of the reason why she died.  He stumbled to a stop and fresh tears ran down his cheeks from his eyes.  Sniffing mightily, he cleared his throat and added She was the light of my life.  Her parents, my son and daughter-in-law, died in a traffic accident and she was badly injured.  I spent every day at her bedside, encouraging her to struggle to survive.  It took nearly a year but she recovered enough to come home.  He stopped there and cried silently.  Alexi was gripped by his narrative and stayed quiet.
He finally turned back to her and said She was killed by a careless driver as she drove her wheelchair across the street on her way to school.  The driver didnt stop.  He left to die at the side of the road.  His face scrunched up in unrelieved anger and frustration.  He stood up with his hands clenched at his sides, visibly shaking with long-repressed rage.  He drove off and left her to DIE!
Alexi was taken aback by the intensity of his reaction.  She feared for her own safety, wondering if his grief would drive him to harm her.  She cowered back against the window.  The man overcame his rage with visible difficulty and then realized Alexis reaction and fear.  He dropped to his knees before her, pleading with her to forgive him.  Im sorry miss.  I guess I am still too upset about it.  He stopped then with his head bowed, shaking visibly with emotion.
After taking a moment to gather her frightened wits about her, she laid a hand on the mans shoulder only to feel him tense.  The reaction only lasted a moment and the man sagged and said. Marsha used to try and comfort me that way when I remembered my sons death.  He was quiet for a while and then slowly struggled to his feet, all the while keeping his eyes averted.  Im sorry to have imposed on you like this.  I had to see if you werent really my Marsha come back to haunt me.
He pushed to his feet and stood swaying slightly in motion with the train.  He glanced at her briefly and said quietly I will leave you alone now.  He turned away and then glanced back and said quietly Thank you for allowing me to vent my anger and frustration Miss.  He then hurried away, leaving Alexi concerned and confused.  The suddenness and intensity of the event left her breathless and frightened. Alexi never saw the old man again.
The rest of the trip to Malaysia was uneventful.  It was nearing dawn as the train began to slow down from nearly 300kph.  The sky was a gorgeous pale blue with tints of pink as the lights of the Space Elevator came into view.  She craned her head back to look through the sky-view windows of the car.  The nearly-invisible thread of the carbon nanotube cable was faintly lighted by the rising sun.
As she watched, a brilliant flash at the base of the cable highlighted the departure of a Climber.  It rose rapidly, benefitting from the development of compact fusion reactors.  It had only gone a short ways before sunlight glinted from a reflective part of the climber.
Her view was blocked as the train coasted into the tunnel under the anchor-station and gently slowed to a stop.  A platform came into view with throngs of people waiting.  She retrieved her bag and headed towards the door at the center of the car.  She was greeted by a harried young man with a pad.  He scanned her implant and the pad beeped.  He glanced at the message displayed and pointed her towards a tunnel with flashing green lights over the entrance.
Looking around, she shrugged and then walked towards the indicated tunnel and stepped aboard a slide-walk.  It hurried her along the dim tunnel for a minute before slowing enough to allow her to step off.  She emerged from the tunnel into a vast rotunda of confusion and noise.  Momentarily overwhelmed, Alexi stopped and then lingered near a planter to avoid the press of bodies.  A sudden burst of chanting in a strange language drew the attention of everyone and then several blue-uniformed security officers seemed to appear from everywhere, heading towards the disturbance.
One voice rose over the chanting to declare We too are human!  We too have the right to exist!  No one should be able to declare us unworthy to continue the Human species.  The voice became incoherent as the security forces confronted the protesters and the situation devolved into a general free-for-all.  The sounds of struggle were magnified in the relative silence of the rotunda as non-combatants sought shelter wherever they could.
Alexi peered from behind the planter to watch as the security forces used stun-batons to subdue the protestors.  The speaker was a huge, shaggy man that had grabbed a security officer in each hand and was using their bodies to bat away the attempts of the rest of the squad to subdue him.  Alexi was impressed by the mans great strength and persistence.
The overwhelming odds finally overcame the man and he was brought down.  As he was bound and dragged away, he continued to bellow his defiance and struggle against his bonds and captors.  Alexi was secretly pleased to see that the security officers were staying just out the mans reach, with many of them sporting black eyes and bloodied noses.  A couple of them were limping.
As the altercation ended, those that had witnessed it moved out of hiding and began to speculate loudly about the incident.  Alexi picked up her small bag and headed towards the information kiosk to get directions.  A young security officer heard her ask for directions and volunteered to guide her to the lift station towards the embarkation point.
She was acutely aware that the young man found her attractive but she hadnt the heart to identify herself to him.  It was when she headed towards the entrance to the area reserved for colonists that the young man flushed and turned away.  She tried to thank him but he just looked at her blankly and turned away.  Puzzled and hurt by his reaction, she sighed and turned towards the sentries standing to either side of the entrance.  They scanned her implanted ID chip and waved her through.  She stepped into the relative quiet of the special lounge and was greeted by a petite young woman.
Welcome to Malaysia.  She scanned Alexis implant and directed her to a portal.  You need to hurry.  Your group is supposed to leave on the next Climber.  She led Alexi towards the doorway and stood at the entrance to ensure Alexi actually joined her group.  Alexi walked hesitantly into the adjoining room and was greeted by yet another young woman with a harried look.  Spotting Alexi, she waved her over and scanned her implant yet again.  Assured that she was supposed to be there, the woman smiled and said Good!  You are that last one!  She then looked at Alexi directly and added quietly I dont think I would have the courage to do what you are doing.  Shuddering slightly, she added Leave the Earth forever, aboard a ship that has never actually flown yet!  No way!  Then she smiled brightly and added I am glad that you are brave enough though!
Alexi returned the smile, though with less enthusiasm.  She switched her bag to her other hand and walked aboard the lift to the platform for the Climber, and into the future.
Chapter 11: The Trip to Midway

Alexi joined around fifty other young people aboard the Climber.  It was a smallish glassed-in compartment with thinly-padded chairs equipped with multi-point seatbelts.  Assistants were relieving the passengers of their luggage and belting each passenger into a chair.  The young lady that assisted Alexi touched the back of her left hand and asked quietly Have you used the fresher recently?
Alexi was startled for a moment and shook her head.  The lady undid her restraints and urged her to visit the restrooms in the lobby quickly.  We are leaving in five minutes and I need you seated!  Alexi nodded and hurried to the restroom.  She was back in less than three minutes and plopped into the seat puffing lightly.  The assistant grinned at her and said Many of the passengers are so excited about the lift that they forget to go too!  Giving Alexis restraints a last tug, she exited the car.  As the door was secured, Alexi saw the young woman blow her a kiss.  Unsure, Alexi waved back.
Welcome aboard climber A23. A voice announced from the ceiling.  We are less than a minute from ascending and I need to remind everyone that smoking is prohibited and that you may not unbuckle your restraints until told to do so.  The chairs you are in are merely for the beginning of the trip.  After a few minutes of acceleration, we will reach cruising speed and you will be able to ascend to the other levels.
Restroom facilities are limited to single-occupancy so please use them quickly and leave them clean for the next person.  Motion-sickness tablets are available on request.  Oh, and the consumption of narcotics or alcohol anywhere in the climber is cause for ejection!  The speaker popped and went silent.  Alexi stared at the speaker, disbelieving her ears.  Then she glanced around to find several of her seat-mates in shock or snickering to themselves.
The speaker popped again and the voice said By the way; the ejection warning was just in jest.  The use of alcohol or drugs other than prescription meds isnt really banned; we just take them away from you to use ourselves later!
The speaker popped again and stayed off.  A tone sounded and Alexi felt her ears compress from increasing pressure.  A shudder rattled the car as the traction fields engaged to the riser and began to move them upwards.  Since this was her first time in a climber, she had no idea what to expect. The view of the surrounding countryside quickly fell away and she began to feel heavier.  A screen at the center of the car displayed their speed in MPH and KPH.
She alternated watching the speed displays and glancing out the windows.  Shortly after they left the station, all she could see was sky.  She tried to lift her head but it was uncomfortable so she desisted.  A faint whistling noise slowly faded as they reached the upper atmosphere.
She watched in fascination as the sky faded to violet and then utter black.  A few minutes later, the suddenly felt lighter as the Climber reached cruising speed.  The displays were stable at nearly 1000 mph or 1610 kph.  She heard the speaker come to life and a moment of background noise before the pilot began to speak.
Welcome to space!  We are now 25 miles or just under 48 kilometers above the Earth.  As you can see from the displays, we are traveling at nearly 1000 miles per hour or 1610 kph.  You may join the crew on the next level for a celebratory drink of Tang!
Mechanical sounds accompanied the releasing of their restraints.  Rising to her feet cautiously, Alexi felt unsteady and clung to the grab-bar just over her head until the world steadied.  Glancing around, she was secretly pleased to see that many of her fellow passengers were looking a bit pale too.
When she felt stronger, she tottered to the spiral staircase at the center of the car and slowly negotiated the steps.  As her head cleared the floor of the next level, she was cheered by the crew sitting on stools around a curving bar that seemed to encompass the entire level.  Then she realized the reason: the view out through the surrounding windows was spectacular.
The rising sun was washing the entire area around the base of the tower with warm light.  The terminator was still visible far to the West as a receding eclipse of darkness.  The windows to the East were nearly opaque to block the unfiltered solar radiation.  As the sun moved more directly overhead, those windows would gradually clear to allow those seated at the bar a breathtaking view of Earth.
A cold, sweating glass of an orange liquid was offered to her as she stepped away from the stairway.  Congratulations on your first Climb!  An attractive young man said as he stood patiently waiting for her to accept his offering.  Numbly, she took the glass and then moved to a relatively un-crowded area behind the stairway.  The young man followed her and turned the back of the stool away from her, indicating that she should be seated.  The effects of Climbing can take a while to wear-off.  Everyone needs to sit until they get their Climber Legs!  He grinned and then dashed off to greet the next cautious passenger braving the climb from below.
She tried the orange concoction and found it a bit strange.  The taste was only faintly reminiscent of the oranges she remembered but, after a few more sips, she found the taste pleasant though a bit too sweet.  She was surprised to find a history of the drink printed on the glass.  She carefully turned the glass as she read and was amused to learn that American Astronauts had favored the drink in early manned space-flights and several generations of young Americans had embraced the drink for that reason.
She absently watched as the Earth slowly receded beneath them.  A steward came around and offered pre-packaged sandwiches and fresh fruit. Alexi chose an apple and an egg-salad sandwich.  She gradually became more aware of the conversations going on around her.  She was particularly conscious of the admiring glances cast her way by the male members of the group.
She was aware she was attractive but until being selected for colonization, she had had eyes only for Pieter.  They had met at the University and had both applied for the program, but a hidden health issue had side-lined Pieter.  Their relationship had wobbled a bit but Pieter overcame his disappointment quickly and became her unflagging champion and mentor as she struggled to pass course after course.  She was sure that Pieter was even more ecstatic than she was when she graduated with honors.
They had planned on marrying early in their relationship but Pieter had become cool to that thought after he was rejected for colonization.  I cant marry you and either, hope to be included as a spouse or risk your being rejected too because you were married.  I do love you dear Alexi but I will not be the reason you miss this wonderful opportunity!
She had tried to argue against it but she found no comfort from her parents or siblings.  They were all for her going and countered any argument she had for staying.  Finally, her father took her on a long walk on a frosty evening and warmly recounted to her how he too had hoped to be selected.  He was an outstanding Engineer but he was rejected because younger, more-qualified Engineers that were more current in his area of technology were needed.  He had swallowed his disappointment and volunteered to help mentor many of these younger Engineers.
He finally related to her that she was the only hope that a member of their family would ever get to colonize the stars. We are proud of you Alexi.  You carry the hopes and dreams of us all with you.  We cannot be there when you will climb to the Stars, but our hearts and love will be with you.
She hugged him fiercely and he led her home with his arm around her shoulder.  She reveled in his scent as she always had growing up.  It was a faintly earthy aroma that only increased if he sweated while splitting firewood or carried her around on his shoulders around the yard at a gallop.  She wanted to remember that smell so that it would carry her through any dark times ahead.
She was startled out of her memories by the stool next to hers being taken.  She turned and found herself gazing into the laughing eyes of the young steward.  Youre sitting here all by yourself!  I saw this and said to myself that you are too beautiful to be so alone.  He paused to see what effect his words would have on her.  He was disappointed to elicit only a faint smile.  I was remembering my poppa as we parted on the day I left for the university.  She stopped and looked down Weve spoken since but I havent been back to see him.  Sadly turning to look out at the unblinking stars she added Now, I will never hug him or anyone else in my family again.
Feeling awkward, the young man struggled to find something to say to distract her.  He too had applied to be a colonist but had failed to make the necessary marks in school.  He had been told that if he continued his education, there was always a chance he would be selected later.  He had rebelled at the thought that he hadnt been good enough and had quit school and applied to work at the Space Elevator complex.  Beating out hundreds of other applicants for this job had boosted his self-esteem but he knew that he was still not where he wanted to be.
He gazed at Alexi as she continued to look out at the stars and realized sadly that she was unattainable to him.  She had succeeded.  He had quit.  Reflecting on his reaction to his rejection and subsequent actions, he was suddenly overcome with guilt and not a little shame.  Easing away from the bar so as not to disturb her, he silently resolved to re-apply himself.
The others in the car seemed to sense that Alexi wanted to be alone.  It wasnt until she had yawned several times that she once again became conscious of the room around her.  She turned and glanced around and found that only a couple of people and an older steward were still in the car.  Getting up from her stool, she found she was stiff from sitting.  She stretched luxuriously for a moment and the climbed the stairs to the Observation lounge.
She found a seat facing outward and isolated between two partitions.  She placed her pad in the seat to claim it and then went to use the facilities.  When she returned, she found a steaming cup of tea waiting for her.  She glanced around for her benefactor but the only suspect, the young steward, was nowhere to be seen.  She seated herself and then tasted the tea.  It was a fragrant Darjeeling, one of her favorites.  She wondered how he had known.
The windows in the lounge went all of the way to the floor, so you could see the curvature of the earth recede as time passed.  The sun was moving west so her windows were gradually polarizing against the glare while still allowing her to look out.  Some of the warmth leaked through, causing her to get sleepy.  She ended up dozing in the chair for an hour.
When she awoke, dinner was being served in the bar downstairs.  She headed down and opted for a chicken sandwich and yogurt, with iced tea.  She allowed herself to be drawn into conversation with the young steward.  She thanked him for his kindness with the tea earlier and he blushed slightly and said You are most welcome.
They talked until she started yawning too often to be ignored.  Seeing her covering several yawns in a minute, the steward suggested that she get some sleep.  Were going to be stuck here together for just about another twenty hours, so we dont have to rush getting to know each other all at once.  He added action to words, bid her good night and headed up to the crew area.
She put her empty cup in the tray next to the counter and headed down to the sleeping compartment.  Finding an empty tube she grasped the bar overhead and swung her feet in first.  Wriggling a bit to squirm further into the tube, she than reached out and closed the air-tight hatch.  She touched the control that opaqued the glass for privacy and then shrugged out of her clothes.  She pulled the light blanket over her and dropped off to sleep far faster than she had though possible.
By the time they were less than three hours from reaching Midway, she had exhausted her repertoire of stories and jokes.  She had played every game on her pad at least once and was about to climb out the top hatch to see if she could speed things along.  Many of the other passengers were the same way and a couple of the men had had to be separated when they went at each other over a minor disagreement.
Her weight had been dropping steadily as they had neared Midway.  At first, it was a novelty, and then it became a hazard if you stepped down too hard or tried to stop too suddenly.  More often than not, you ended up floundering about until you touched down again.
The crew arranged for several competitions involving low-gravity effects.  One was where you poured water out of a glass, and then tried to catch it with the same glass.  They passed out squirt-guns and, while the men thought they were great fun, it seemed as if only the women were getting wet.  Paper airplanes would fly for several minutes.
When they were only an hour from arrival, she felt light as a feather.  She had wandered down to the bottom floor and was pacing around the central spiral stairway for exercise.  For fun she would jump up lightly and grab a pair of the overhead bars and slowly pull herself around the perimeter of the room.  Feeling the urge to go, she allowed herself to settle to the floor.  She shuffled her feet as she had been taught and headed for the bathroom.
Feeling hungry, she grabbed some toast and an orange, then retreated to what had become her stool to eat.  She had just finished eating when the speaker came on and announced Arriving at Midway.  All passengers must return to the lower cabin and strap in.  A steward will assist you if needed and to answer any questions you might have.
Alexi slowly headed down to the lower car and returned to the same seat she had used on lift-off.  She was completely belted-in before the young steward came around to check on her.  He smiled self-consciously but said nothing.  Alexi looked after him as he moved on and wondered at his change towards her.  She couldnt really pursue that thought as the Climber began to slow and she felt her weight dropping away, then she lifted gently against her straps.  As the deceleration began to build, she hoped that the straps were adequate and secured properly.
Her stomach protested a bit and flipped over a couple of times.  She heard a subdued curse from one of the other passengers and turned in time to see him grab an air-sickness bag and use it.  Alexi felt a bit green too but she hoped that the man had the presence of mind to hang onto the bag.
The silence when the Climber eased to a complete stop was deafening.  Only the hiss of the ventilator and a faint buzzing from one of the light fixtures intruded on the quiet.  Then the young steward unbelted and floated towards the ceiling.  The speaker came on All passengers may unbuckle now.  Please discard any air-sickness bags in the plastic can near the stairway.  Follow the Stewards instructions closely and you will all soon be back in gravity.
Alexi released her restraints and grabbed for the bar overhead.  She fought down an urge to hang onto it and scream.  She had been warned as to the effects of weightlessness but nothing could over-rule the bodys reaction to falling endlessly.  She fought to remain calm and was pleased to see that she was already beginning to enjoy feeling weightless.  She glanced around and saw that many of her fellow passengers were also clinging to the overhead bars with death-grips and pale, sweating faces.  To their credit, no one actually screamed, though a couple of people looked on the verge of it.
The steward was experienced and quickly distracted those worse-off by urging them to pull themselves over to the stairway and up.  One by one, the passengers were persuaded to release their death-grips on the bars and allow the steward to guide them out of the car.  By the time the car was half-empty, Alexi felt stable enough to manage on her own.
She pushed off towards the stairway and expertly caught the handrail and then bounced off the opposite rail upwards.  She sailed up the stairway, guiding herself by small touches to the fixtures.  The young steward grinned widely when he spotted her emerging from the stairway on her own.  He gallantly gestured towards the hatch he had just passed the previous passenger through and stayed out of the way as she sailed past.  She said a quiet Thank you as she passed him.
Crewmembers were stationed along the walls of the passageway leading to rotating section of the station.  They kept the passengers from blundering into the walls and spoke encouraging words to them.  A few made faces to each other as particularly inept passengers passed them.  Alexi caught herself snickering in response.  One crewman heard her and his face flamed red in embarrassment.
She smiled at his discomfort and continued deeper into the station.  She came to a section with rotating lights and printed warnings about artificial gravity just beyond that point.  She made sure her feet were pointed towards the bright yellow cushion at the far end of a padded tube that was slowly rotating.  She felt her feet swing to the right a bit so she grabbed the rails and allowed centrifugal force to pull her towards the pad.  She touched down like a pro and moved out of the way for the next passenger.
The station was spinning just fast enough to offer one-third gravity.  That allowed most passengers and returning Spacers to acclimate before going onward.  She was directed into a room that had a curving floor.  She looked around as the rest of the passengers finally arrived a few at a time.
A crewman stepped to the front of the room and said Welcome to Midway.  You will be here until the shuttles you are scheduled for arrive.  He glanced at a display on the wall and added The next one is due in two hours.  Meanwhile, you may have access to all points on Midway except any area marked with yellow-and-black paint or taped stripes.  Those lead to engineering spaces or to crew quarters.  You will find the galley spin-ward about 60 degrees and a rest area even further around.  If a curtain on an alcove is closed, dont disturb the person resting in there.
Silence is to be observed in rest spaces and no loud noises of any kind are permitted anywhere on the station.  If a uniformed crewman directs you to or away from an area, obey instantly.  It is for your own safety.  In case of an emergency, stop where you are and move out of the way of uniformed crew-members.  Someone will soon direct you or guide you to a safe waiting area.
Touch nothing you are not authorized to operate.  Violators will have the offending digits removed.  The man said this with a straight face and looks of concern showed on many faces. Softening his tone somewhat, the man added Well, we may not actually remove the digit or appendage, but you are likely to never forget the result of touching something you do not understand.  He held up a hand and several passengers gasped; his first and second fingers were missing!
No, I didnt get them cut off because I violated that rule I just told you.  This happened because I was careless!  I am a highly-trained mechanic with hundreds of hours of hard-vacuum experience.  I lost these when I tried to use a tool I was not completely qualified to use.
Putting the gruesome reminder out of sight behind his back, the man added Space is unforgiving.  If you give it the slightest of chances, it will kill you!  So take nothing for granted and always double-check that what you are about to do, wont expose you or someone else to vacuum, or worse.
I do encourage you all to explore the station.  It will be a once-in-a-lifetime experience for many of you.  Just remember this rule of thumb: if in doubt, dont!
One passenger that didnt understand, raised a hand and asked If in doubt, dont what?
If in doubt, dont.  That is the rule here.  If you have a doubt about how to do anything, wait and ask a uniformed crewmember for help.  They will all be more than happy to assist you.  They would rather take a moment to keep you from harm, than fill out the paperwork it takes to send a body back!  He said this with a straight face, but a few individuals caught on and chuckled.
Again; welcome to Midway!  Enjoy your stay and thank you for volunteering to be colonists
The passengers crowded for the entrance so Alexi hung back until most of them had pushed through the doorway.  She trailed the last of them on a tour of the station being led by an older crewman.  She saw the crew quarters, bathrooms and recreational center.  She caught glimpses of spaces beyond open doorways that held noisy machinery or emitted strange smells.  The galley looked any cafeteria on Earth, except that the counter followed the gentle curvature of the station.  It was a large space and it was strange to see people further around the curve, apparently standing with their bodies tilted towards her.
She separated from the tour here and snagged a sweet-roll and some juice.  She sat as far away from the aisle as she could to have a moment to herself.  She wasnt sleepy and her shuttle would arrive soon, so she looked out a space through a small porthole and then quickly turned away as the apparent motion of the stars caused her stomach to lurch.
Finished with the snack, she stashed her small pack in a locker and then wandered the halls, peeking into forbidden spaces and watching the activity around her.  As the time neared for her shuttle to dock, she found a vantage point near the docking port and admired the skill of the pilot as the shuttle slipped into place and was secured.
She watched as space-suited figures used puffs of gas to maneuver containers off of the shuttle.  She could see other figures passing along a translucent bellows-like umbilical into the station.  Shortly after she saw all activity around the shuttle cease, she heard the announcement for her flight.
She headed towards the shuttle.  She wanted to board early so she could choose her seat.  She passed the back of her hand over the scanner and the screen showed her picture and pertinent data.  The crewman at the hatchway leading to the shuttle waved her forward saying only Try not to punch holes in the walls please.  He matched the warning with a radiant smile at her.  She smiled back and pulled herself into the shuttle.
She had seen pictures of the interiors of shuttles before, but the pictures failed to convey the close quarters she was seeing.  She had toured the interior of a passenger plane in a museum once but that seemed spacious compared to this!  The shuttle smelled of bodies, warm electronics and stale, recycled air.
This vehicle had seen some years of hard use.  The seats were padded but worn.    Each seat had a fold-away magnetic table and reading lamp.  As she took a seat near the back, she saw a notice about leaving personal electronics off during docking and un-docking.  Reminded of her pack, she headed back to the hatchway and into the station.  The man at the hatchway called after her We are leaving in half an hour!  She waved at him in understanding.
She retrieved her small pack from the locker where she had stowed it and headed back to the shuttle.  She silently berated herself for nearly leaving it on the station.  Sailing past the man at the hatch again, he grinned knowingly and called out quietly Almost left it behind right?  She didnt answer but she was sure he saw her blush in response.  His chuckle confirmed it.
She strapped into the seat and placed her pad on the tray within the zone marked with a charging symbol. The pad came on and connected to the shuttles wireless data transceiver.  She spent the time waiting for the shuttle to fill up by catching up on messages.  She wrote a lengthy letter to her father and sent a short note to Pieter congratulating him on his marriage.  She than reviewed the safety procedures relating to passengers in a zero-gee shuttle.  She wasnt particularly eager to use the communal bathroom but she quickly checked that she still had her personal evacuation device.  It was where she had tucked it: in an outside pocket for quick access.
While she had the bag open, she inventoried it to see if she needed to replenish anything.  A solid clunk and a change in the air-pressure told her she was too late to go back into the station for anything.  Fortunately, she was adequately prepared.
Welcome aboard Shuttle Tiderion.  Please ensure that all personal belongings are placed in the pouch in the seatback ahead of you or clipped under your seat.  Please turn off all electronic gadgets.  Seal any food or liquid containers and stow them in the mesh bags beside your seats.
We will be pushing off shortly, so make sure seatbacks and tray tables are in their fully-upright and locked positions.  She heard a few low groans from some of the passengers. She wondered at the reaction and decided to ask one of them about it later.
The lights in the cabin flickered and then she saw the power and utility umbilicals detach and retract.  A few drops of water escaped from one and flashed into ice crystals.  A space-suited figure snagged each umbilical and clamped the ends to brackets.  She felt barely-perceptible pushes from her seat and saw the station slowly retreating.  They drifted further and further until the space station was fully revealed.
The station was tethered to the Space Elevator cable by one arm of the non-rotating docking section.  The rotating part was a slowly-revolving disk.  Lights showed both from portholes and exterior fixtures at irregular intervals.  Above station was a stationary section where the shuttles docked.  She could see two other shuttles docked there but they were bulkier.  She assumed they were meant for cargo.  She saw a mirror-image station taking shape on the opposite side of the cable.  It looked to be about half completed
The entire station was bathed in Earthshine from below and sunlight on the far side.  As she watched, the bulk of the station eclipsed the sun completely, plunging the shuttle into deep shadow but lit from below by Earthshine.  She could still see the tether continuing out into space by the faint gleam of reflected sunlight.
The shuttle turned gracefully away from the station and continued coasting away.  She had read that the shuttles had to be a certain distance away and above the station before they could fire their main engines.  While she waited, she drank in the sight of the Earth as night slowly engulfed the near side.  The terminator crawled past the Space Elevator anchor-point in Malaysia.  She could see two climbers heading towards Midway, and at least one other heading down.  She wondered briefly how they were sent back down.  China and Japan were brilliant jewels scattered on a blanket of black velvet.  She strained to see her home in Petropavlovsk but clouds blocked her view.
Firing the main engines in 54321.  Alexi felt part of her weight return.  The gentle acceleration surprised her until she realized that the tether actually had given the shuttle a significant boost in the direction they needed.  All they need was a bit more speed to break orbit and head for the Ship yards.
Settle back folks and enjoy the trip.  We have about 7 hours to go until we reach the Lagrange 5 Shipyards.  You can use your personal electronics now and eat what you brought with you.  The bathroom is in the back. Welcome aboard!
Alexi retrieved her sweet-roll and took a bite.  She wanted to finish it before they cut the engines off and they coasted.  She had just wadded up the napkin to dispose of it when the muted roar of the main engines went silent.  She felt herself lift against the straps holding her to her seat and waited to see if her stomach would react.  Several moments passed and her stomach gave no indication of protest.
She called up the navigation plot to the shipyards on her pad.  She noted with interest that several shuttles were in route to and from the ship yards.  They were spaced about two hours apart.  A string of yellow blips showed the trajectories of the mass-launched loads coming from the Moon.  She had watched similar data-feeds from her cubical on Earth.  It took her a moment to realize the difference: there were far more loads coming from the Moon than she had ever seen before.  She zoomed in on one of the loads and tapped the image for details.  Amongst the standard data on trajectory was the payload: Water.  Each container was filled with thousands of liters of water.  Reactor fuel possibly.
She turned to her seat-mate and engaged her in conversation.  Alexi had met her at the training site on Earth but they were from different departments and so hadnt had much contact with each other.  The speculated of the future and Alexi kept an eye on her pads display to watch their progress.
As they approached the station, all they could see was the solar shield slowly sweeping past.  The shuttle changed course and passed over the top of the shield.  Alexi could see the construction details briefly as the shuttle began slowing to dock.  She changed her pads link to tap into the Pilots camera and she watched in growing admiration as the Pilot deftly engaged the docking arm with a minimum of fuss.
She looked out her small porthole as the umbilical cables were connected.  The shuttles lights flickered as power shifted to the station.  Alexi gathered her bag and trash and followed the rest of the passengers into the station.  She glanced around, anxiously looking for a restroom.  She had dreaded using the shuttles facilities and now was near to overflowing.
She figuratively crossed her ankles and gritted her teeth, willing the sphincters to hold.  They finally crossed the boundary into gravity and she streaked towards the nearest bathroom.  She was too self-absorbed to realize that she was the spearhead of a vanguard of women headed for the same location.  There were a few frantic scuffles as the women searched for vacant stalls.  A collective sigh issued from all as they finally had relief.
The shuttle crew had followed the passengers into the station and grinned at each other as they saw the women, and quite a few of the men headed eagerly for the bathrooms.  No one liked to use the shuttles facilities, including the crew.  They would empty their bottles later.
Alexi washed her hands and then left the restroom well ahead of any of the other women.  Feeling much better, she keyed her pad and asked the stations directory for a route to her assigned quarters.  It wasnt too far away so she made her way there and stored her bag.  Her personal effects would be delivered later, after the shuttle was emptied.
She locked the door and headed towards the observation lounge, following placards mounted on the bulkheads.  She wasnt the first one there: many of the passengers were there already, gaping at the sight of the truly huge ship that was to be their future home.
She saw two huge counter-rotating cylindrical habitats.  She was seeing them end-on and so couldnt see the entire ship.  A dense framework of metal girders linked the two habitats at each end.  The mottled surfaces of the habitats glowed in the brilliant lights as they slowly rotated.  Alexi spotted small figures swarming in and around the framework.  They were too far away to tell what they were doing but their actions seemed almost frantic.  Their size in relation to the ships gave her a better grasp of their immensity.  These truly were the largest construction project mankind had ever undertaken.
She lingered until hunger drove her to seek out food.  She endured the yearning looks of the yard workers: Women were out-numbered nearly twenty to one.  That wouldnt change until later in the year when the more of the colonists transited through the station.  She found one of the many galleys aboard the station and selected a nice assortment of fruit, yogurt, and tea.  She was still too anxious from the trip to eat anything more substantial.
She headed back to her assigned quarters afterwards and locked herself in.  Her possessions had been delivered and she rifled through them to ensure everything had arrived intact.  She then took advantage of the tiny bathroom before dressing in thin pajamas and crawling into bed.  Her last thoughts were of the future.
Chapter 12: Vacuum Practice

A chime from the Comm panel awakened her.  She struggled back to consciousness and managed to locate the Talk button before another chime could sound.
Yes?
Ms. Alexandra Loginov?
Yes?  Hearing her formal name bothered her for some reason.
Please report to Training Center 15 in an hour for orientation.
Uh, Okay.  The Comm panel went silent.  She glanced at the chronometer and realized she had been asleep for nearly 9 hours.  She stepped into the shower and took what she was told was a Navy Shower.  She missed the long hot showers of home and the University.  She had been introduced to water-conserving measures like the Navy shower during her training at the base on Earth.  She didnt like them but it was better than the alternative.
Toweling off, she took stock of her body in the metal mirror on the back of the shower door.  She was pleased to see that she hadnt started gaining the belly-bulge that had plagued her mother.  Dressing quickly, she ran a comb through her now-shorter hair and popped a tooth-cleanser tablet into her mouth.  Looking around, she realized that she was procrastinating and opened the door and stepped out.
Locking the door, she consulted her pad for directions to Training Room 15.  The route would lead her past a galley so she headed off, desperate for a cup of tea to wash the tooth-cleanser taste out of her mouth.
She ordered an omelet and orange juice with her tea and had a hurried breakfast before walking the few hundred yards to the training room.   She was introduced to many other colonists that had been there a bit longer and was given an overview of the training she would receive for the next few weeks.
She read the list on her pad and was appalled to realize that they would be undergoing space-suited damage-control drills.  Her suit had been fitted to her on Earth but she hadnt seen it since.  She hoped it had made the transit with her.  She dreaded the chance that something would go wrong.  Or worse; that she would throw-up in the helmet.  She had heard of the stories of people having thrown-up in their helmets never getting the smell out again.
Her father had worked with his hands all his life and had made sure Alexi and her brothers had good skills with tools.  She didnt mind the DC drills while in atmosphere, but DC in vacuum was very dangerous.  If you snagged your suit, you could die within seconds or minutes if you couldnt slap a self-adhesive patch over the hole.  Even in the practices on Earth in the vacuum chambers there had been deaths and near-deaths in training.
Scrolling further down the list, she was overjoyed to see that she was going to be allowed to learn how to pilot the one-person jumpers that were used outside the ships for repairs, and occasionally, for fun.  She had watched recordings of un-sanctioned races and other demonstrations of skill by experienced Jumper pilots.  It looked like a lot of fun!  The rest of the list was mainly refresher and more zero-gee training.  No sweat.
She and the other newly-arrived colonists were re-introduced to their space suits.  A station tech helped them to unpack the suits and inspect the seals.  They put the suits together and inflated them with helium, then ran wands over the seals looking for leaks.  A couple of suits needed repairs but her seals were okay.
She was then asked to prep and don her suit.  First, she deflated the suit and removed the helmet.  She hung the body of the suit from the hooks on the stand and placed the helmet on the head-rest.  She unzipped the front of the suit and clipped the flaps open.  She emptied her pockets of loose or pointed objects and pulled on a disposable skull-cap.
With the tech standing by, she grabbed the bar over her head and kicked off lightly.  The tech guided her feet into the waist-high opening of the lower half of her suit.  Once she was positioned properly, she lowered herself gently, pointing her toes to clear the leg-openings.  When she settled her feet into the attached boots with the techs help, she straightened and reached back to shrug into the shoulder straps and settle the suit onto her shoulders.  She then brought the leg and waist-straps together in front of her and snapped each into the quick-released buckle.
She pushed her hands into the attached gloves and flexed her fingers and wrists to check the range-of-motion.  Satisfied, she reached behind her and connected the umbilical from the portable power-pack and turned it on.  Cool air flooded the suit.
Next, she zipped up the front seals and tucked the tabs so the ends wouldnt snag on something.  She pulled the helmet off the rest and slowly lowered it onto the seals and locked it into place.  She felt the pressure inflate the suit and she verified that it was air-tight by watching the tell-tales in her helmet.  She nodded to the tech and he touched his pad.  He grinned at her and said Not bad for a rookie.  Now, lets see you take it off properly.
Sighing, Alexei recalled the mantra she had learned to properly enter and leave her suit.  He timed her as she removed and prepped the suit for storage.  He had her go through the exercise two more times before he would certify her for egress readiness.
Alright, lets head for the practice chamber.  He walked beside her as she followed the painted footsteps on the floor to the practice chamber.  She had a brief moment of panic as the tech closed the door behind her but she managed to quell her fear quickly.  She hoped the monitors in her suit hadnt given her away.
The techs voice sounded in her ears. Okay.  Im depressurizing the chamber.  Signal if you have any problems.
You mean like having a case of the Screaming Mimis? she asked half-jokingly.
Those too but I wont bring you out for those.  Youll just have to do what I do.  He didnt finish the sentence.
She waited for him to complete the statement.  What do you do? she asked, curious.
He looked at her with serious eyes and said quietly I turn off my radio and wait until Im done screaming.
Oh.  Knowing that a seasoned space-veteran could still get the shakes did little to reassure her.
She followed all of his directions and he had her out of the chamber in less than an hour.  As she slowly shed the suit, she realized that she had sweat heavily, despite the cooling unit.  She was conscious of the tech helping her out of the suit and wondered if the fragrance was reaching him.
When they had completed removing the suit, she disposed of the skull-cap.  She then assisted the tech in prepping the suit for storage until the next session.  When they had the suit back in its storage locker, the tech silently pointed to a door at the back of the room.  Obediently, she thanked him and headed for the mysterious door.  She stepped through to find unisex shower stalls, without water-meters!  Gratefully, she stepped into one and locked the door.  She took her time luxuriating under the endless hot water and shampooed her hair twice.
When she was re-dressed after her shower, she stepped back into the training room to find the tech was helping another student into the chamber.  She waved her thanks to him as she left and he gave her a knowing smile.
The rest of her training was nearly behind her when received news that her father had died in an industrial accident while training some young Engineers.  Her brothers somber face on the screen told her how hard it had hit him.  Alexi was stunned into silence.  She missed her next class but no one chided her for it.  Every one of her instructors seemed to be aware of what had happened.  It wasnt until two days later that the stations chaplain visited her.  He sat and listened politely as she told him about her father and rubbed her back as she bawled like a baby.
She slipped into the training room on the third day and no one commented.  The instructor welcomed her back with a smile and let her approach him for missed material.  She was numb for a week.
Chapter 13: GenStar One

Alexi awoke eagerly.  Today was the day they moved to the ship!
During the two months she had been aboard the station, she had been asked about the details she wanted in her quarters.  She had chosen paint-colors and carpeting from swatches.  She had picked out linens and towels.  She was giddy as a bride over being catered to this way.  And she didnt have to pay for any of it!
The fixtures in her apartment were fixed in-place so she didnt have much say about them but she had been shown layouts of available apartments and had chosen a one-bedroom apartment that was nearly 600 square feet!  The kitchen had a skylight and the living room had a small porch the extended into an open area between levels that doubled as an air-shaft.  The kitchen was small but adequate.  And she had a full bathroom all to herself!  She couldnt wait to actually see it.
Her personal stuff and her space suit had already been moved over days before.  She had her keycard already and a picture of the completed unit.  Someone had even put a vase of flowers on her table!
She packed her small bag and checked that she hadnt left anything behind.  She closed and locked the door to her tiny cubical for the last time.  She literally floated to the embarkation lounge to join the others that would be allowed to board that day.
They pressed together at the huge hatch that was normally open to allow workers access to the ship from the station, but it was closed today.  The station Commander arrived and everyone grew quiet as he made his way through the crowd and returned quiet greetings from individual colonists.  He reached the hatch and turned to face the crowd.  They drew back respectfully and awaited the inevitable speech.
Congratulations on your last day of your training aboard the Lagrange Five shipyard space station.  You have all passed your tests with adequate to outstanding demonstrations of Emergency and Damage-Control skills.  I hereby certify each of you as true Spacers!
A ragged cheer went up from the crowd, who were more interested in boarding the ship than listening to one of the Commanders long-winded speeches.  Surprising them all, the Commander palmed the lock-plate for the hatch and it parted almost silently.  He then stepped aside and ushered them to the next phase of their lives with a smile and a wave.
One at a time, the colonists walked forward and grabbed the tow-rope leading up.  As they reached the axis connector between the rotational part of the station and the ship-access, their weight dropped away.  Alexi watched as those ahead of her, freed from the artificial gravity of the station began to show-off and laugh.  The tow-rope ended at a reception room on the center of the framework that led into the ship itself.
The center of the room was connected axially to a passageway that led into the ship itself.  Rope-tows led from the room to a mirror-image room that was half-way between the two habitats at the forward end of the ship.
The Colonists gathered around the walls of this room to await the ships Captain.  While they gathered and waited, yard workers moved through the room and grasped the tow-ropes one-handed and were pulled into the ship.  A few grinned at the colonists evident fear and waved as they launched themselves off of one rope  and mimed swimming through the air or tumbled in spectacular fashion before catching one of the rope-tows leading into the ship or the station.  A few of them howled or hooted like monkeys and made other simian sounds at the newcomers until the Ships Commander appeared.  She scowled at one crewman that didnt spot her in time and he quickly fled down the shaft.
Welcome aboard GenStar One!  I hope that display of infantile enthusiasm didnt put any of you off.  She smiled wanly and added Unfortunately, if you use the tows long enough, you begin to feel like howling like Tarzan and acting foolish in other ways.  As if on request, a distant yell was heard the sounded distinctly like the ancient television hero.  The Commander blushed furiously and another crewman quickly headed in that direction, no doubt to chastise the offender.
Struggling to regain her composure, the Commander went on.  This is the Central Connector between the station and the Ship.  Once the ship is ready, this section and the shaft will be sealed-off and moved away to allow the ship to be towed out of the yard.  At the other end of the shaft is a room similar to this one, but it is a part of the ship.  It will be used to allow movement between the habitats, and to dock the various jumpers and shuttles the ship carries.  Follow me please.
The Captain grasped a tow-rope and was pulled into the shaft.  It took a while, but the colonists managed to reassemble in the next room in good order.  The Captain waited until all were present before going on.
Pointing one way then the other, she said these tunnels lead to each habitat.  You use rope-tows when the ship is not accelerating.  You can use the slide-walks during acceleration if you want to.  That tube you see over there she pointed to the rope-tow leading off into a yellow tunnel leads to Hab-1, and that one she said, pointing the other way leads to Hab-2.  We have other names for them that you will learn later.
Each of you will already know where you are supposed to be living.  Each of you was given a map of your Habitat.  Crewmen will direct you if you get turned around.  And dont worry: these places are huge and it is easy to get turned around.  Just scan your keycard at kiosk at an intersection and it will point you in the right direction.
Now, Im sure you are eager to see your new home for yourself so I will release you for 24 hours to find your homes and get settled in.  You will be contacted by your supervisors via pad or Comm panel and directed to your work assignments at that time.
Dismissed and welcome aboard!
Alexi was quartered in Hab-2 so she moved to the line for the rope-tow and waited for her turn.  She grasped the rope and allowed it to pull her along at a good clip.  As the rope neared the end of the tunnel, recordings told her to let go and to grasp a stationary rail to slow down.  She watched as more-experienced people casually let go of the tow-rope and slowed their forward velocity by letting the stationary rail slide through their hands.  It was then that she noticed that everyone had special gloves on at least one hand.  Friction-burns were a real possibility!
She tentatively released her hold on the tow-rope and allowed her momentum to carry her forward.  She missed her first attempt but caught the rail on her second attempt.  She gripped too hard and slammed against the wall and rebounded, losing her grip entirely.  A couple of grinning crewmen caught her by the arms and guided her towards the rotating section of the connector.
She was blushing furiously and could barely thank them as they chuckled and moved off.  She resolved to become as adept as they were, and soon!  The connector to Hab-2 was a circular room with narrow escalators disappearing down tubes branching out very 45 degrees around the rim.  Alternating with them were escalators that were bringing people up from the inside surface of the Habitat.
Alexi watched as experienced crew allowed the escalators to launch them towards the center of the room, where they would grab hand-holds to arrest their forward motion, then push off either into the stationary part of the connector to go to Hab-1, or to a down-escalator to another part of the habitat.  It was Grand Central Station, without the trains!
Alexi pulled out her passkey and read the numbers that indicated Habitat number, Street, Avenue and Level.  Using those coordinates, she could get within a block of her apartment.  Streets ran around the circumference and Avenues the length of the cylinder.  Avenues were numbered by degrees from Zero clockwise facing forward and Streets were numbered from lowest to highest from the forward-end of the ship.
She was headed for 2-32.5-155-1, Residence 103.  She looked at the escalators leaving the room and realized that they were identified by their angle from zero.  She located the escalator for 45-degrees and pulled herself across the room until she was right above the opening.  She pushed off towards the down escalator and grabbed onto the moving handrail.  She waited for centrifugal force to bring her feet to the platform where she struggled to stand up.  By the time she was halfway to the bottom she was feeling closer to what she remembered she had weighed on Earth.
She was looking around in sheer wonder when a tap on her shoulder caused her to turn around.  The woman behind her pointed towards their destination and Alexi turned back to see that they were nearing the bottom.  She glanced back and thanked the woman and then prepared to step off the escalator.
She managed to leave the escalator with a minimum of stumbling.  Orienting herself, she saw a bicycle shop nearby with racks of hundreds of bicycles in different sizes, styles and colors.  She approached a woman behind the counter and asked Do I need to buy one of the bikes to use it?
Buy or rent; its your choice.  The fancier ones are for sale while the plain green ones are for rent.  If you just rent, I scan your implant to release a bike from its lock.  When you are done with it, push it into any open position in any other rack on the station.  You are not charged per use but by the pay-period.  If you do not use a bike during a pay-period, you are not charged.  If you buy, there is no further charge but you have to pay for repairs.  She smiled at that point and added You can also buy insurance if you want it.
She looked Alexi up and down and added Go easy your first few times riding.  This is not real gravity here.  Centrifugal force can play strange tricks on you, especially when you need to turn.
Alexi thanked her and bought a petite pink bike that fit her well.  She mounted the bike and carefully rode towards Avenue 32.5. When she tried to make a turn, the strange effect of centrifugal-force dumped her over.  She was unobserved and so was able get back on the bike and pedal away with her dignity intact.
After a few wrong turns, she finally found her block and level.  She got off and walked the bike the rest of the way because she was too winded to ride further.  It turned out that her apartment was in the middle of the block.  Her door was painted red like she had asked, and there was even a plastic bucket with plastic flowers on the step.  She inserted her keycard and the light turned green.  She turned the handle, opened the door, and stepped into paradise.
The apartment had that No one has ever lived here smell.  The lights came on as she stepped further in and soft music issued from a hidden speaker.  She grimaced; just because she came from the Russian Federation, doesnt mean she wanted to hear Russian music!  She wheeled the bike in and closed the door.  She left the bike leaning against the hallway wall for now.
She put her bag on the kitchen counter and wandered into the kitchen.  She opened the refrigerator and found it stocked with bottled water and the items she had ordered a couple of days before.  The cupboards had the plates she had specified, and the drawers had the flatware she had asked for.  The rest of the cupboards were fairly empty.
She headed to the bedroom and sat on the mattress to test it.  It seemed too soft.  She finally spotted the remote control for the mattress on the shelf over the head of the bed.  She explored the rest of her apartment and then made a lengthy list of things to acquire.
She used her pad to check her account.  She had been frugal in training and in the shipyard station, so she had a comfortable balance.  Feeling hungry, she grabbed her keycard, and then remembered that the door was also supposed to be keyed to her implant.  She stepped outside and closed the door.  When she released the handle, the green light went out.  When she grasped it again, the light came back on.
Curious, she tried her other hand and the light stayed out.  Thus assured, she called up a map on her pad and found the nearest caf.  As she walked along, she glanced into the windows of the apartments she passed.  Most were dark but a few had lights or other signs of occupancy.  She spotted a market down the street as she stepped into the caf.  Making a mental note to go there after she had something to eat, she scanned the menu and was surprised to see the variety of foods available.  She was also surprised to see the prices.  She would not be eating there frequently!
She ordered a soup and sandwich with tea and enjoyed siting at a tiny table near the window.  As she ate, she spotted some other newcomers negotiating the labyrinth of address designations.  She noted to herself that the residents would eventually come up with a more user-friendly way to tell others where they lived.
The market was not very-well stocked with fresh foods.  When she asked about it, the manager told her that the area was just starting to gain in population.  As demand went up, so would supply.  She nodded and then wandered the aisles looking for supplies.  The kitchen utensils and baking supplies area was better-stocked and she indulged in an electric teapot along with her basic needs.
When she reached the dry-goods area, she did find a few teas and even some freeze-dried coffee!  She hadnt indulged in coffee in quite a while as it was quite expensive.  She spotted the price for the coffee and decided on only a small container.  She added soap, shampoo and other minor toiletries.
Carrying her groceries back to her apartment, she began to feel more at home.  The door opened at her touch and she smiled as she closed it behind her.  She put her purchases away and used her teapot for the first time.
Conscious that she had less than 20 hours before she had to report to work, she decided to try out the bed and catch a nap.  She checked her pad but didnt see any new messages.  She tried out the bathroom and let the bidet do its thing.  That was the one change in her habits she had had the greatest difficulty adjusting to.  The warm water did feel good though.
Done, she moved to the bedroom and lay on the bed.  It was too soft.  Reaching for the remote, she allowed the bed to inflate a bit at a time until she was satisfied.  Pulling a set of sheets out of the cupboard, she made the bed.  She was especially pleased with the comforter she had ordered and had shipped ahead.  Then she remembered something and searched the cupboard again.  Yes!  The curtains and towels were there as well.
Changing into her pajamas, she slid between the sheets and luxuriated in the feel of fresh linens and a fluffy pillow, in her own apartment!  She shivered in pure joy and then turned out the light and tried to sleep.  After tossing and turning for what seemed like an hour, she gave up and got up.  She dressed and headed out the door determined to explore the area and try to meet some of her neighbors.
Picking a direction at random, she strode off and headed to the tunnel that would take her up to the surface.  She emerged from the tunnel into bright light that even felt warm on her face.  There was only a faint breeze and it was only as she allowed her eyes to follow the curvature of the interior that she was realized that she could see all the way around the inside of the habitat.  The light and heat came from a central shaft at the axis of the habitat.
She found a bench at the verge of a strip of grass and sat down.  The shape of the bench allowed her to lean back and gaze around the interior easily.  She watched as tiny figures scurried about their errands or rode bicycles over her head.
She was near the front end of the habitat so eyes were gradually drawn down the length of the massive cylinder.  She had to shade her eyes against the bright light from the central shaft but even then, she couldnt quite make out the far end.  At one point, she felt a drop of water land on her up-tuned face.  Startled, she looked around her and saw a sparse rain falling gently.  She had been told that it could rain if conditions were right but it still surprised her.
She returned the greetings from a couple that strolled by at one point, then watched as they moved away, hand in hand.  The sight caused tears to swell up in her eyes as she missed Pieter terribly.  The encounter with the couple left her feeling down so she returned to her apartment, checked for messages and went to bed.  She had no trouble falling asleep this time.
Chapter 14: Launch Day!

It had been just over ten months since Alexi had moved to the ship.  The neighborhood had swelled with population rapidly and she was now hard-pressed to see any unoccupied apartments.  It had taken a while but she realized one day that there were no children aboard!  She had known that none would be brought aboard and that only singles and colonists that had married other colonists were aboard, but the lack suddenly struck her as odd.
She had spotted quite a few pregnant women recently so the lack of children would soon end.  She glanced at her own belly for a moment and missed Pieter again.  She hadnt found any men aboard that she had been attracted to yet, though she had had her share of dates.  She just didnt feel ready yet.
She had established herself at the nearby laboratory where she was working for an older woman geneticist.  They were busy sampling the crops and animals aboard to establish a baseline against which to verify future generations.  She had maintained contact with her family and learned that Pieters wife had recently given birth to a daughter.  She cried herself to sleep that night.
She had been allowed to train to pilot the jumpers and so she would occasionally volunteer to take one out and assist the workers still working in vacuum.  She would ferry materials or retrieve dropped tools, and, once, a worker that hadnt secured his lanyard correctly and had floated off.  When she wasnt actually working, she would take the jumper through the framework sightseeing.  She once headed to the area directly over the ship so she could see the entire thing at once.  Traffic control had to call her twice to regain her attention, and had been reminded not to take a jumper that far away from the shipyard again.  She didnt regret the incident at all; the view had been awe-inspiring.
She had received a general broadcast on her pad and had seen the message posted on screens at kiosks around the area:  the ship was scheduled to test the engines that day.  The ship had been moved out of the shipyards so that they could test-fire each engine group.  If the tests went well, they would be leaving within a week after the Engineers certified the test results.
As the time neared, she gathered in the open area with thousands of fellow colonists.  Every screen was displaying the same image relayed from a shuttle standing off to one side of the ship.  The mood was somber; everyone hoped the tests were successful.  Those associated with the tests had been inundated with requests for information from their neighbors and friends.  All was reported well.
At the appointed time, the video feed showed a swelling brilliance emanating from each bank of engines and then fading away.  They didnt feel the ship moving so many people groaned, thinking the tests were failures.  When the last cluster faded to black, the video feed was replaced by the face of the Commander.  The tests are complete.  Preliminary data shows that all engines fired properly!  Pending the final approval we will be on our way in a week!  Congratulations to everyone!  The screen changed to display the ships logo and went silent.
People slowly dispersed, talking animatedly.  Alexi returned to her apartment and found messages from her family say that they had seen the engine test and wondered if it had gone well.  She broadcast an answer to all telling them that the tests had gone well.  She added that she missed them all, her Father most of all.  There was no message from Pieter.
She was seized by a bout of extreme melancholy that day.  She didnt know why but suspected that the reality of her leaving Earth forever was finally settling in.  Up until now, everything had been exciting as she prepared and trained for this day.  She had been too busy to really realize that the end result would be her never seeing her family again.
She wandered down the street from her apartment, not really wanting to be alone right then.  She saw the little caf she had visited her first day and stepped inside to find it crowded with a boisterous crowd eating and drinking and talking excitedly about the tests and their up-coming launch.
She squeezed through to the counter and ordered a coffee.  She looked around as it was being prepared and spotted a table near the window with two chairs but only one occupant.  She couldnt see his face but, since she hadnt actually seen anybody aboard that could even remotely called ugly, she decided to meet him, or at least share his table.
Coffee in hand, she deftly maneuvered her way through the throng and approached the table.  She hesitated briefly then asked quietly May I share your table please?
The man started and then turned haunted eyes towards her.  She almost changed her mind when the light came back into his eyes and her stood and pulled out the other chair for her.  She sat down and he helped scoot it back in.  When he sat down again, he hesitated then reached a hand out to her and said Hi.  My name is Dean.  She shook his hand firmly and she saw a surprised look pass over his face.  Hi Dean.  My name is Alexi.
He looked thoughtful and then said That sounds like it was shortened from something longer.
She grimaced and said Its short for Alexandra.  She shivered.  I never liked my full name, so everyone calls me Alexi.  I hope I am not intruding.  She asked quietly.
He shrugged and answered You disrupted an unpleasant chain of thought, so, no; you are actually a welcome alternative.
She waited for him to elaborate and he seemed distracted so she sipped her coffee and watched his face out of the corner of her eye.  He returned to looking off into the distance, wandering the paths of memory she wasnt privy to.  She didnt want to intrude, so she sat quietly and turned to reflect a little on the past herself.
He apparently became aware that she was still sitting next to him and shook off the thoughts that had occupied him.  He glanced her way and saw that she too was lost in thought.  He took the opportunity to scan her face.  She was pleasant to look at, with wavy auburn hair and hazel eyes.  Her complexion was somewhat pale, but then many of the colonists still had the Station Tan they acquired from too long out of the sun.  The light-bars for the station didnt provide as much ultraviolet light as the sun did.
She became conscious of someone looking at her and flicked a glance his way.  He flushed and looked down quickly.  She returned the look with an appraising one of her own.  He could be called handsome and he had better color than most of the men she met.  His hair was pale and very curly.  His eyes were somewhat odd in that they were an intense gray or very light blue.  He glanced up and caught her looking at him and flushed again.  She found that attractive as it meant that he was not a predator like many of the men she had met so far.
They slowly began to talk about their jobs and where they lived.  Then they explored where they had lived on Earth and their families.  They passed a pleasant hour or so until the caf crowd began to thin out.  He invited her to stroll in the park one level up and she agreed.
They walked beside each other and continued to talk.  They found each other pleasant company.  Alexis natural caution kept her from moving too rapidly, but Deans demeanor was non-threatening.  He too seemed to be cautious so she decided that if he wanted to see her again, she would probably agree.
He accompanied her to her apartment but declined to come in.  I have to go on-shift shortly so I need to go home and get ready.  He started to turn away, then turned back and asked quietly May I see you again?
She smiled and held out her hand saying Yes.  I would be pleased to see you again.
He flushed a bit but glanced into her eyes and seemed to see reassurance there.  He gently squeezed her hand and then hurried off.  Her eyes followed his retreating form until he turned a corner.  Smiling to herself, she let herself into the apartment and closed the door.
Six days later, the Commander broadcast that the engine tests had been certified and they were cleared to go.  All shuttle traffic has ceased in the area and we have been pulled further from the yards.  We will begin the count down once we have clearance from the Yard Commander.
We will bring the acceleration up slowly to check all systems The Commander hesitated and then added The Chancellor wants to send us off with one of his rousing speeches.  Those of you that want to hear what he has to say can tune in to channel 42.  She glanced to one side for a moment and then smiled thinly and added according to the numbers I am seeing here, no one else is interested either.  Oh well, I guess hell have an audience of one: me!
Congratulations to us all!  We have all been told that we are the hope for humanity.  As I have seen this project move forward and worked with many of you, I am assured that we are.  Let the word go out that humanity is leaving the cradle of civilization and taking to the stars!
The screen changed to a count-down, starting at ten minutes.  Alexi shivered.  She considered sending a message home but decided to wait until after they were underway.  She called up the camera-feed from the shuttle that was stationed nearby.  It showed the exterior of the ship shining in the sun, the habitats slowly turning.
At one minute to zero, she saw smaller engines fire up around the outside of the main engines.  Once they were all firing, it looked like the burner on the gas stove at home.  They were there to steer the ship, and to compensate for any off-center thrusts from the huge main engines as they came on-line one group at a time.
As the count-down hit ten seconds, she could hear thousands of voices counting along in a slowly swelling roar.  When the count hit two, the outer two main engines flared to life, followed a split second later by the two closer in.  At zero, the crowd roared as the four remaining engines flared to brilliant life.  Alexi was slightly disappointed that she wasnt feeling any acceleration.  She called up a screen that showed the ships data and saw that the display for speed was slowly scrolling up.  At one minute, they had only gone a hundred feet!
Then she found a link to the engine status monitors and found out that the Engineers were being conservative: they were limiting the thrust to 5 percent.  As she watched, individual engines began to creep higher and higher in thrust.  At 50 percent power, she could actually feel the gentle acceleration.
Suddenly, two of the engines flared out.  Puzzled, she didnt see any reaction on the displays for the remaining engines.  Then she saw that the engines to either side were throttled up slightly.
The Capitans face flashed onto the screen and announced I need to report to you that two of the engines were shut down due to a fluctuation in their readings.  The Engineers are simply being cautious as these are the most powerful engines mankind has ever built.   Once they are checked out, they will be re-started.
A few minutes later, Alexi saw first one, then the other of the two engines flare gradually back to life.  As they regained their place on par with the other engines, the others were slightly throttled back.  She watched enraptured and the engines continued to flare brilliantly.
She turned back to the ships status screen and saw that they had traveled several miles and were accelerating steadily.  Another camera-angle showed the shipyard slowly dwindling behind them.  The Earth was still a significant presence in the cameras field-of-view and the moon was just in the frame, shining brilliantly.
Stepping out her front door, she discovered that many of her neighbors were wandering about.  One man strapped on a pair of rollerblades and rapidly disappeared towards the back of the ship.  Watching his receding form, Alexi hoped he would be as eager to fight his way back home against the acceleration.
She wandered to the caf and sipped green tea and listened to her neighbors as they discussed the departure and their reactions to actually being on their way.  When she finished her tea, she headed home, showered and went to bed.
Alexi awoke several hours later when her pad beeped and displayed a message from her boss.  Apparently, she had slept through her alarm.  Again.  She jumped up, dressed and grabbed a bottle of vegetable juice and a breakfast bar form the refrigerator.  Pushing the bike out the door, she allowed it to close behind her and then she pedaled furiously towards the lab.
She locked the bike into the rack and ran into the lab.  Her boss was peering into a microscope when she pushed through the doors.  She straightened and looked at Alexi with disappointment.  Alexi shrugged and said I over-slept again.  Ill set it to be louder next time.  He boss nodded and turned back to her observations.
Alexi shrugged into her lab coat and rushed to her station.  She sipped the juice and nibbled at the bar while examining a DNA sequence from a chicken.  The computer had flagged this section of the sequence as new and Alexi was mapping the anomaly for posterity.  They would keep this chicken from breeding and watch it grow.
Her overall job was to catalogue DNA sequences.  They had indexed most of the live animals and were just starting on the frozen genetic material that had been brought aboard.  The frozen samples were of nearly every species existing on Earth, excluding animals generally considered pests like rats and mice as well as many insects.  Insects like ladybugs and a wide variety of bees and a few others had been brought aboard to help the farms.  Large land and sea animals had had been included only as genetic samples as there was no room to actually have the live specimens aboard.  Most salt-water and many fresh-water species had also been included only as genetic material.
Only the more familiar species of farm animals were aboard as live specimens.  They were test subjects to see what effect living aboard in space would have on them.  Strangely, no primates had been brought aboard live.  She later learned that it was feared that primates might escape and cause problems should they manage to hide in critical areas of the ship.
She was grateful that the animals had been born aboard ship and would never know pests like flies, fleas or mosquitoes.  The soil for the farms had been imported from the moon as sterile, coarsely-ground rock.  Only Ship-board mulch was mixed with it along with a careful balance of nutrients.  Earthworms and other beneficial organisms grown on the ship from carefully screened samples from Earth were gradually introduced into the new soil.
The soil project for the farms and the green areas of the ship had been one of the earliest parts of the project.  Samples had been created near the start of the project on the moon and expanded later at the Lagrange shipyard stations.  Several species of fast-growing grasses supplemented the atmosphere recycling aboard the space stations.  These grasses had been introduced to the habitats soon after they had been pressurized.  They absorbed CO2 and the out-gassing of the paints and other materials used aboard the ship.  It amused Alexi no end to see someone riding a lawnmower on a space ship.
So far, no dangerous mutations had occurred in people or animals.  In fact, the only thing anyone noticed was that skin cancers were occurring at lower-than-normal rates and almost everyone had good cholesterol-levels.
As Alexi took a break with her boss, they discussed their observations about their fellow colonists and her boss mentioned that there were no over-weight people aboard.  Alexi hadnt noticed but paid more attention to the make-up of the people living aboard.  After a few weeks of casual study, she realized that there were no bald men and few people with any sort of skin disfigurements.  She didnt observe anyone with scoliosis of the spine or with disproportionate bodies.  There were a few taller men but no one was less than five feet tall!
This brought to mind the Protocol she had heard of all her life.  It had been loudly discussed by nearly everyone she had ever met.  Those that criticized it most fluently were the ones that were not qualified.  Strangely, many of people that had been selected seldom discussed it.
Since the ship had left the shipyard, the only conversations she had taken part in had either been about their work aboard ship or about friends and family left behind.  As time had moved forward, Earth was mentioned less and less.
Chapter 15: Watching the End from Afar

They crossed the orbit of Mars a week after launch.  The ship was continuing to accelerate at point-one gravities without a hitch.  As a result, they had now reached over 1.3 million miles per hour.  They needed to continue accelerating for a year to reach their desired speed of just over 0.1 the Speed of Light.  The engines continued to work flawlessly.
As the ship approached the asteroid belt, The Commander ordered the course changed to leave the plane of the solar-ecliptic a few degrees.  While the asteroid belt was sparsely populated, the chance of hitting a significantly-sized boulder was too great to risk.  The plan was to continue this course until they were clear of Jupiters orbit nine days later before turning towards their first planetary system.
The ships launch had been planned so that they would avoid all of the planets in the solar system.  Mars was a ways ahead of the Earth and all of the planets beyond Mars were currently not anywhere near their projected course.
They passed beyond Neptunes orbit a bit over one month into their journey.  Communications with Earth was more difficult because the Sun had become even more unstable in the interim.  Solar flares had made communications spotty.
GenStar two launched six months after they had left the space-yards and was heading out of the system at higher acceleration than they had used.  GenStar three was only a basic frame.  GenStar four hadnt been started when things on Earth became untenable.
Earth was being scorched by the unstable Sun.  Millions were dying daily as drought shriveled water supplies and devastated crops.  Most of China and India were depopulated as people either died or fled.  Survivors were migrating towards the mountains and to the extreme northern and southern latitudes.
They had received reports of mobs trying to storm the Malaysia Space Elevator.  The armed forces had orders to shoot anyone trying to enter the area around the station that didnt have a colonists implant or were not station personnel.  Seeing soldiers with tears in their eyes as they defended the station was heart-wrenching.
The efforts to finish GenStar Three ended when the Malaysian Space Elevator failed.  The elevator in Kenya had been abandoned and no other elevator was even off the ground.  The authorities on Earth decided not to attempt to replace the Elevator as conditions on Earth had deteriorated too far to support it.  Midway had been pulled away from Earth by the counter-weight.  It was heart-breaking to hear those marooned aboard Midway sending messages to their families.  The commander detonated the reactor core once they were well clear of the shipyards orbits.  The flash of the detonation lit the night-side of Earth brilliantly.
The Ship-yard commanders evacuated as many women and young men as they could to the moon.  It had been decided that they should be allowed to survive as moon colonists.  Both stations shipped as many supplies and materials as they could and urged the commanders of the Moon bases to quickly build barracks for the refugees.
Some older women refused to go, and many of the older men on the stations stoically accepted their fates.  They agreed that the younger people deserved the best chance to survive, even if they could never go home again.  Once everyone that would go had been evacuated, the ship-yard commanders ordered several shuttles to tow the stations beyond the Earths orbit.  Once they had gained enough momentum to carry the huge structures beyond any possibility of returning to Earth, they too detonated their reactors.  The glowing debris-fields were visible for many hours.
Quiet reigned aboard GenStar One.  Sobbing and cries of protest could be heard throughout the ship.  Sad messages of condolences were transmitted to a grieving Earth.
Direct communications with GenStar Two failed soon after.  Their ID beacon continued to transmit for several days, and then it too went silent.  Speculation ran the gamut from simple equipment-failure, to disaster.  The only clue they ever had was a faint flash of light from their vicinity, recorded on an automatic camera.
As they neared their one-year anniversary of launch, the Sun launched a huge plasma promontory toward Earth.  A satellite orbiting Mars relayed the images and data to GenStar One.  Because of their distance, the images came in on a low-speed channel.  They had to wait several days for the transmission to complete.
When the entire sequence had been downloaded, the Commander silently sent the series of images out as a general broadcast.  Everyone watched in dismay as the images showed the plasma ball grazing the atmosphere and then curving ever so slightly to impact the Moon squarely.  All communications from the automatic transponders on the Moon ceased transmitting.  As the flash of the impact faded, the side of the Moon that had been hit was glowing bright yellow.  Fires were visible over one half of the Earth where the plasma had glanced off of the atmosphere.  All clouds had fled and the remaining atmosphere was rapidly filling with smoke.
Stunned observers remained frozen where they were, watching with disbelieving eyes as the surface of their beautiful Earth slowly blazed with countless fires, and then was cloaked with darkness as the smoke from the fires obscured the surface.  Since this had happened over a month ago, all aboard knew now that the Earth was dead.  If anyone had survived, it hadnt been for long.  There were no communications from the Moon either.  One of the bases had been on the side away from the impact-site, but their survival was doubtful.
The Commander had the lights in the Habitats dimmed to half-level for 24 hours.  All activity was suspended except for essential services.  People gathered in small groups in open areas or in public places and mourned the dead.  Many people hugged or wept openly.  No laughter was heard for several days.  It was an ominous awareness that they were now the only surviving humans.
###
About the Author

Glenn Erickson is a business-owner in Clearwater, Florida.  He has been an avid reader since discovering the printed word at an early age
I decided to start writing what I termed Speculative Fiction as it wasnt really science fiction or just plain fiction.  I wanted people to not only enjoy the story but to speculate on the ideas or concepts presented.
I may never earn a dime writing, but I enjoy the thought-movies my writing inspires.  I hope I write well enough that the reader sees the same or similar thought-movie
The best books I have ever read, regardless of genre, were those where the writer painted word-pictures that allowed you to see what he (or she) had seen as they wrote.  I would become so immersed in the story that I no longer really saw the words, just the images portrayed.
His advice to others that aspire to write: Just do it!  It doesnt matter if it is well-written or grammatically-correct, (at first) just get your thoughts and visions on paper or into a word-processor.  You can clean it up later if you think it is worthy of being read.  Describe what you see in your story and add to it as more becomes visible to your minds eye.
Read your story back to yourself out loud.  Make changes that make the story easier to say out loud, and you will go a long ways towards a credible, readable story.  Let the English Majors wring their hands in agony as you mangle the syntax and dangle the participles.  It is YOUR story, not theirs!
Read books on good writing AFTER you have done some writing.  Use their advice to clean-up your stories.  Re-read your stories afterwards and see if they are not even better!  With continued practice, you will be able to write better stories the first time out.  Writing is a learned skill.  The more you do it, using what you have learned, the better you will become!
Just go for it!

Connect with Me Online:
mailto:gerickson@eanda-technical.com?subject=Stars on Smashwords.com

Glenn Erickson
Clearwater, Florida
7-1-2013

