Intuitions Nightmare
By: Ashley N. Pearce
Intuitions Nightmare
Copyright 2013 Ashley N. Pearce
Published by Ashley N. Pearce

Terms and Conditions:
The purchaser of this book is subject to the condition that he/she shall in no way resell it, nor any part of it, nor make copies of it to distribute freely.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
I dedicate this book to my son, Aiden. He is my inspiration and motivation. Without the unconditional love and support from him, I could have never gotten to this point.

Chapter 1
Through this haze, my life is something I barely recognize. My reality is evident in this chaos, but it is a reality I do not choose. The warnings are in front of me. Some would use this to their advantage, while others may turn the other way. How I use this information is ultimately up to me.
SOMETHING IS COMING..
~
They say the world is a cruel place. I say this world is much worse than cruel. I spent my time watching helplessly as my family fell into ruins. My parents had been having issues with their marriage for as long as I could remember. They held divorce over each other every waking second for years until my mother became pregnant with my sister, Brooke. My parents used her as their second chance to fix everything and start over. It didnt last long.
When Brooke turned 2, my older sister, Katelyn made her first trip to jail at the young age of 17. Her life had spiraled out of control after meeting her first boyfriend. They dove deeply into alcohol and drugs together, trapped in a drug induced stupor for days at a time. She completely threw her life away when she picked him and the drugs over her education. 
She would disappear for days at a time, losing her ability to function normally. She got really bad when she decided there was nothing she wouldnt try and she put her life in danger every time she used. When she made it home, my parents would scream at her as she walked in the door and they would scream at each other as she walked out of the room. My dad would always leave in a fit of rage, leaving the violent sound of the door slamming and the soft weeping of my mom. She would lock herself away in her room for hours which left Brooke in my care until she stopped feeling sorry for herself. It did give Brooke and I a special bond most kids didnt have with their siblings.
I remember the look on my fathers face as he walked out the door, patience gone, and the look of complete and utter defeat. My parents decided that time apart was a necessity. I didnt agree. I realized that he probably wouldnt come back and that things would never be the same. When he moved into the apartment, my hope for a whole family completely disappeared. Even worse, Katelyn went on an even greater downward spiral. I knew deep down that if her behavior continued, I would be very likely to witness an untimely death in the near future.
I, on the other hand, was my parents only hope for imminent success. I was born, Aidriana Elise Masters on July 3, 1989, in a small town in Michigan. My parents knew right away that I was different and special. My intelligence was far above average and they knew I would do extraordinary things with that intelligence if I was given the proper chances. So like most parents, they went just a little overboard and moved me up a couple of years in school.
Though I always excelled in the educational aspects of my childhood, the rest became full of ridicule and in turn, unhealthy resentment of my parents. I loved them dearly but they had unintentionally made my life very difficult. Being almost 2 years younger than most of my peers, left me confused and depressed. Many of them made fun of me for far surpassing them in my educational endeavors. I took it very personally which lead to even more confusion and resentment.
For a long time, Brooke was my outlet for human emotion and at times had been my only friend. Sadly, she was just a baby and became an unhealthy attachment. My parents pushed me to find new friends and spend less time with her. I felt unbearably lonely and longed for connections and friendship. I had one person whom I had that with other than Brooke, but like all kids and teens, we had fights and fall outs. During those times, I felt completely alone. 
When there was finally calm to the storm I called my life, I began to wonder if this was the turning point. Maybe by some act of God, I was going to have some peace. My father began to talk about coming home. Katelyn was taking rehab seriously for the very first time since she had gone. Best of all, I had found people to fill the void I had always felt from the lonely life I called mine. 
It wasnt until the strange events began happening that I realized the calm had only been a twisted illusion, giving me an unreasonable sense of hope and tranquility. I had only been standing in the eye of it all and the worst was going to come. I could never prepare myself for what was coming next.
~
The year is 2005 and my last, first day of high school was underway. I had gotten to school thirty minutes before class, which was unheard of for me. I parked my car in the student parking lot and had actually gotten an unusually close spot to the front. I could hear the loud banter of another senior girl outside of my window as she screamed harsh obscenities at her boyfriend. I laughed to myself at the thought of ever being in a ridiculous situation like that as I grabbed my school bag and purse. 
As I walked past the couple, I kept my head hung low to avoid any possibility of being sucked into their argument. I slung both bags over my left shoulder and walked quietly into the building. I had always hated the anxiety I felt on the first day of school of each passing year. I knew, without a doubt, that I wouldnt miss this place. I also knew that I wouldnt miss a majority of the people.
As if my anxiety wasnt running rampant on its own, the sight of her made my skin crawl. The day was bound to only get worse when I was already being scoped out by the wolves of the school. The rest of us were just helpless sheep waiting for them to come in for the kill. They walked in perfect sync with each other as their flowing blonde hair swayed with the movement of their bodies. I kept my eyes forward and away from the four girls, but mostly way from Chrissie. She was their ring leader and head bitch. 
My suspicions about my day getting worse only intensified when my shoulder slammed against hers as she walked by. I shuddered at the feeling but decided that walking away quickly was my best option. She, on the other hand, began yelling in my direction.
Hey, loser! Watch where youre walking! Chrissie shouted.
I was feeling unusually feisty today so I kept walking and threw my middling finger into the air. There was just no reason to waste my breath on her. When I heard three gasps and an oh hell no!. I knew there was going to be hell to pay and there was a good chance I would being paying for it later.
The pressure on my shoulder made me regret my gesture. Apparently now would be a much more reasonable time to pay so I braced myself for my first annual smack down from a girl I used to be friends with.
May I ask what it is youre doing right now, a familiar voice asked from behind me. I straightened up from my cowering position and I instantly melted into the ice blue eyes of my love.
Ethan! You scared me! I said in shock.
Expecting someone else, he said smiling, though the smile didnt connect with his eyes the way it usually did.
I smiled back at him and felt the giddy tug of my stomach. Oh, yeah, hes a blue eyed babe that I meet up with on the weekends, I said sarcastically. But really, I thought you were one of the four bitches. I may have flipped Chrissie off about a minute ago.
Wow, asking for a beating much? he said laughing.
Again, his eyes were disconnected, even a little dull. That worried me. Ethan was the first boy I had ever dated. He had gorgeous ice blue eyes and dark brown hair. His lips were full, skin sun kissed, and he stood tall and lanky. He held a big part of my sanity over the last year and had become someone I deeply cared about. When I began to assess his facial expression and body language that morning, I felt a sudden urge to vomit.
The bags under his eyes made me assume that he hadnt slept very well over the weekend or maybe hadnt slept at all. He seemed to be fidgeting as he watched me and realized he had only done that when he was hiding something from someone. That someone was me for the first time in our short relationship. I frowned at him as he tried to smile at me and failed again.
You seem a little tense, babe. Everything okay?
We need to talk, he said softly. Time stopped at that moment and every possible bad thought crossed my mind in the blink of an eye. I could feel the clenching muscles in my chest tightening and the tears devoured my eyes in a searing burn. He touched my hand and my legs began to slowly give out beneath me. I could never understand how one simple phrase could hold such a large amount of power over any given person.
Excuse me? I whispered.
Its not what you think, Aid. And this is not the time nor is it the place to have this conversation.
I noticed his hands on my arms and I forcefully pushed them away. Dont touch me, I said through clenched teeth. If youre breaking up with me, then just get it over with!
Whoa, no, that is not even close to whats going on. I never said anything remotely close to that, he said in a frustrated tone. Im moving.
I stared at him in disbelief and his eyes widened as he realized what he had just said. What did you just say?
Dammit, Aidriana, I didnt want to talk about this here! Now youre going to be hysterical the rest of the day. Its Ohio, not China.
Hysterical? You think this, is me being hysterical? Im far from being hysterical, Ethan. Pissed, maybe, but hysterical? I said sounding just a little bit hysterical. 
Listen, its a short drive. My mom even said shed buy you a ticket to visit once a month. She is getting a huge raise and Im not letting her pass it up. I stood in silence with him trying to collect myself and work through all of the information. It wasnt that bad but it wasnt that good either. I get it if you want to just break up.
Shut up, Ethan. Im thinking, okay! This is kind of a lot to process.
Sorry, he responded softly..
Ohio, huh? I think we can swing Ohio, I said smiling.
He grabbed my hips and pulled me to him. He wrapped his arms around my waist and bent down so that our lips met gently. 
Excuse me, Ms. Masters, Mr. Reynold. Busted, I thought, a smirk slowly creeping onto my lips. Very touching moment and all, but class started five minutes ago, he looked down at his watch and paused, as of right, he paused again. Now! So I would suggest that you both say your goodbyes for the hour and finish this up after your break comes.
Sorry, Mr. Harolds, we both mumbled at him.
Get to class, he said. Stop staring at me and move it! Mr. Harolds boomed. 
That was all it took and we parted ways. No goodbye. No Kiss. No nothing. I scurried on to my first class, English, and it finally hit me that he was leaving. I opened the door as quietly as humanly possible but of course the damn thing squealed at me in protest. I cracked the door open just wide enough for me to slip in, but everyone was already looking at me so I wasnt sure what difference the stupid door made. Their eyes were all slowly coming out of that bored haze they were already experiencing after only five minutes. Some even cracked a little smile at me, trying really hard not to laugh at what was coming next.
Aidriana, nice of you to join us, Mrs. Aress said sarcastically. 
What a bony old hag, I thought to myself
This being your second year with me, youd think youd know my rules by now, She continued.
Sorry Mrs. Aress. I was having an emergency situation. Wont happen again, I mumbled
I quickly slinked to my desk extremely awkwardly and sat down in the back row. So this day was not going at all how I had planned. I mean, could it get much worse? At this point, my mind started wandering. I could feel the black tendrils of depression taking hold of me slowly, ripping my sanity into shreds. Before I knew it, I was walking to lunch alone. It was like I was on auto-pilot. I didnt even realize I wasnt still in English until I felt pressure on my right wrist. I looked down at the hand on my wrist and then back up at the face the hand belonged to.
Babe, are you okay? I looked at him for a minute and realized I was standing with Ethan again. Aidriana, I was calling your name down the hall for like two minutes and you just kept walking, he said softly, worry creeping on to his face.
Where are we, I said groggily.
Are you serious? Were in the hallway walking toward the lunchroom? Its almost noon? Any of this sounding familiar? He asked.
Noon! I was just in first hour! I protested.
Youre kidding right? He said. 
I was losing my mind. No doubt about that. I had just lost almost four hours of my life and had no recollection of what I was doing. I was truly worried at this moment. I think I just need to eat. I forgot my breakfast this morning, I lied.
We went to lunch, where Ethan then crammed as much food down my throat as I could stomach. When that was over, we kissed and parted ways for our last two classes. The haze came and went as the classes passed. Next thing I knew, the bell was ringing and sixth hour was over. Thats when I had the sudden realization that I hadnt seen Alexa all day. It was becoming a weird day gone completely haywire. 
Maybe it was hysteria, or maybe I was just delusional. I walked out of class doing one more sweep through the hallway, but Alexa was nowhere to be found. So I grabbed my bag from my locker and found Ethan. We kissed goodbye and he promised hed call me in a few hours so we could talk more about this move. 
I strolled out to my car and the strange haze was coming back again. I started my car and started to make my way home. Just like that, I was in my driveway having a what the hell kind of moment. What the hell was going on? What the hell is wrong with me? I didnt know, but it was bad nonetheless.

Chapter 2
When I got in the door, I grabbed the phone and dialed Alexas number. After three rings, someone finally answered. 
Hello, the woman said quietly.
Hi, is Alexa home? I asked. There was silence on the other end and then hysterical sobs. At this point, I was very confused and had a sudden tightness in my chest. Mrs. Levado, is that you?
There were more sobs and sniffs. Mhmm, she mumbled and continued to cry.
Whats going on Mandy? I said frantically. Are you alright?
No! Everything is wrong! she blurted.
Okay, Mandy, Im coming there right now. I will be there in five minutes, I said.
Being in such a hurry, I didnt even bother telling my mom where I was going. I jumped into my car and drove to Alexas house. I was hoping she would be there and she could help me calm her mother down. I pulled into the driveway and parked quickly. I ran up to the door and let myself in. I was not expecting what came next.
Alexas mom was sitting in the living room, in the middle of the floor, and was looking like a hot mess. Her hair was falling out of her ponytail holder. Her mascara was smudged down her face and had dripped on to her white cotton button up. Her shirt was only tucked into her black skirt on the left side, while the right side was hanging over. I could see she had fallen down because her skirt was ripped all the way up the side.
Oh my God, Mandy whats going on? I said as I rushed over to her.
She looked up at me slowly. Her brown eyes were bloodshot and her bottom lip was quivering slightly. Everything is wrong. Its wrong. Its all wrong, she repeated in a soft stupor.
I took a deep breath. Now I was terrified. I knelt down on my knees and I pulled her into a tight embrace. Its okay, I whispered. Everything is going to be fine.
She pulled away from me and looked directly into my eyes. That, sweetheart, is where you are horribly wrong. The tone in her voice was cold and disturbing. 
What do you mean, Mandy? Whats going on? I asked in confusion.
I didnt know, Aidriana. No one knew, she whispered. 
What? Knew what? I asked hysterically.
About Alexa. Shes shes dying Aidriana, she said softly.
My heart skipped a beat. I started breathing quickly and the breaths were becoming faster and shorter. I was hyperventilating and my body was going numb. Was this real? I pinched my arm, hard, and winced in pain. I was going under quickly and my vision was beginning to blur. It made sense now why Mandy looked how she did, and I was about to take a similar trip.
~
The next thing I remembered, I was on the ground, my head was throbbing, and my eyes were wet.
Aidriana! Aid, wake up! Mandy screamed. 
I looked around and she was standing over my face, tears in her eyes, shaking my shoulder slightly. I slowly picked myself up and sat with my knees up against my chest. She looked at me with soft, motherly eyes, worry clearly taking over her face. 
Are you okay, Aidriana? I know this is a lot to process, she said softly.
How long does she have? I whispered.
We dont know, she answered as tears started welling up in her eyes.
When did you find out? I asked.
Yesterday afternoon. They said she has cancer. Its spreading too rapidly for anything to happen to help her, she whimpered.
Shes sixteen year old. How is this possible?
I dont know sweetheart. I really dont. You should go see her. Shes alone, sleeping at the hospital, she sighed heavily.
Alright, I need to go see her. 
Mandy pulled me into a tight hug and kissed my forehead. We sat there for in a tight embrace for a few minutes longer but I needed to get out of there. I needed to see Alexa. All we can do is be there for her and hope for a miracle, she whispered.
I walked out the front door and slowly worked my way to my car. My legs were heavy, my eyes stung, and my face was dry from the tears. I opened my car door and sat down. I put my head down on the steering wheel and the tears poured. I was losing my best friend to cancer, and my boyfriend was leaving the state. I couldnt understand why such horrible things were happening to me or the people I loved. 
I was completely numb and everything was going wrong. I had to try to keep my head straight and be strong though. I couldnt even imagine what Alexa was feeling right now. She had to be terrified and angry. I took a deep breath, turned on my car and drove. 
~
When I got to the hospital, I walked straight to the front desk. The woman sitting there looked like she hadnt slept in days. She was probably in her late twenties and her blonde hair was cut short and choppy. She looked up at me with little interest.
Did you need help? she barked.
Well, Im here to see a friend of mine and
She cut me off quickly, Name?
Uh. Alexa, I stammered. The woman was horribly rude and I had never felt so disrespected. 
Uh. I need a last name, she shot back.
And that was the final straw for me. I couldnt believe how horrible this woman was being. First of all, I looked down at her name tag and smirked, Brenda. There is no reason to talk to me like a pile of shit. This is a hospital and most people arent visiting this hell hole for the fun of it.. How dare you be such a disrespectful, bitter, heartless bitch.
She looked at me, eyes wide and jaw dropped. She was clearly speechless. I... Im I apologize, miss, she stuttered.
I smiled sweetly at her, Its okay Brenda. I would hope you dont continue to treat people this way after this.
I didnt. I didnt realize. Im so sorry, she looked away clearly ashamed. 
The last name is Levado, I finally said after I felt I had made my point. 
She started pecking away at her keyboard and paused, It looks like she is in room 4119.
Thank you very much, Brenda. It was nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you too, she smiled and still had a slight look of embarrassment on her face.
I walked away quickly toward the elevator. The walls were covered with beautiful paintings and plaques. I tried to look at them on my way to the elevator to try to take my mind off of what was to come. It didnt work, to say the least. I tapped the up button for the elevator and waited impatiently. After about a minute, the door finally opened. My heart was racing, my stomach was in knots, and I had a very intense urge to puke. 
I went to the fourth floor and began my search for her room. Unfortunately, my stalling was cut horribly short and the room was only nine rooms down from the elevator. I stopped in front of the door and tried to collect myself. I leaned up against the door, trying to breathe and didnt realize the door was cracked open just slightly. The next thing I knew, I was falling through and finding myself on the floor. This was not one of my smoothest moves.
Aidriana? Alexa looked at me confused.
I picked myself up and my eyes met hers. She looked worn and exhausted. The dark circles around her eyes were prominent and her skin was chalky and white.
Um, hi, Alexa, I said awkwardly.
What are you doing here? she asked with a ring of joy.
I got worried and went to your house. Your mom was a hysterical mess when I showed up.
Oh. Yeah. She tends to do that when I get sick, she responded 
Alexa, why didnt you call me? I asked, offended.
I wasnt ready to yet, she admitted, looking away from me. Her eyes were rimmed with tears.
I walked up to her bed and leaned down to hug her. She began to cry and I followed shortly after. We stayed like that for what seemed like hours. We talked about what was happening and she told me how there were no words to explain how she felt. I tried to seem strong for her but I was breaking down quicker than I even thought was possible. I finally left her so she could rest. The drive home was a blur and I couldnt remember how I got home. I didnt remember driving at all. 
When I walked into my house, my parents were screaming at each other. They stopped long enough to meet my eyes. I didnt bother wasting my time saying anything to them; I just merely shook my head in disapproval and rolled my eyes. I turned toward my room and started walking away.
Aidriana, wait! my mother called in my direction.
What? I barked at her.
Hunny, we really need to talk to you, she said looking guilty and regretful. I wondered if this day could possibly get any worse.
Whatever, mom, can you just get to it? Im really not in the mood right now. I looked at them and realized how pissed I really was. My mother began to speak and when I decided she didnt deserve to, I cut her off and began to tell them what I already knew.
Aidri she began.
You know what, just stop! I said losing my temper. Let me just take a quick stab in the dark at your news, I air quoted at them sarcastically. As bad as this day has already been, Im guessing that you selfish assholes decided it was time to get that divorce.
Aidriana Elise! Watch your mouth, my father scolded.
You people are unfucking believable! Here let me send myself to my room for you since you have both been completely worthless lately anyways! I walked down to my room, leaving both of my parents with their jaw hanging open. I walked into my room and Brooke barged her way in as I was about to close the door. Brooke, hunny, Im really in need of some time alone. Can you come get me in the morning to play, please? 
Sorry sissy, I just needed to tell you something quick. Its my bed time, she grumbled.
I didnt realize it was so late, sweetie, I said softly. I couldnt be mean to her; I kept reminding myself that it wasnt her fault. What did you want to tell me?
Well Katelyn got in trouble today, she said as she swung her hands back and forth.
What kind of trouble, Brooke? I asked.
Really bad trouble sissy. They took her away earlier. she explained.
Who took her away?
Cops, she whispered.
What! I shrieked more angrily than I had intended. Brooke cowered a little at my tone. Im sorry, sweetie, I need to go talk to mom. 
I began stomping all the way upstairs to find my parents sitting down, talking very quietly. I stared some very sharp daggers in their direction, tried to remain calm, and finally started talking to them.
Why is it, that neither of you ever tell me anything? I yelled.
Sweetheart, Im not quite sure what it is that you are talking about now, my mother responded softly. I could tell I had gotten to her. 
Katelyn? Your daughter? Ring a bell, mom?
Aidriana, the sarcasm is not necessary, my dad snapped at me. He was clearly irritated.
Brooke told you, Im guessing, my mother said.
Yeah, its sad that I had to hear that from a 4-year-old, I said bitterly.
Im sorry hunny. There has been a lot going on. I didnt really think about it, my mother guiltily admitted.
How exactly do you forget something like that? I shouted at them. They both looked at me remorsefully. Why is she there this time? 
Drugs. Its always drugs, my dad answered sadly.
I said nothing more to either of them and walked away. Our family was a broken mess and I was horribly disgusted with everyone. I walked to my room to find Brooke sitting on my bed sniffling. 
Brooke, sweetie, whats wrong? I asked.
She looked at me with devastated eyes. I just dont understand.
Understand what? 
Whats wrong with Katelyn? Im mad at her, she stated simply.
Its a little complicated. I know youre mad but she isnt trying to hurt you, I tried to explain.
How do you know? she asked.
Because shes sick. She isnt trying to upset you, she just cant help herself anymore, I said softly.
Thank you, sissy. Youre the best. She ran over and hugged me. I love you so much. She smiled at me and hugged me tighter.
I know, Brooke. I love you too.
~
The next day was much like the day before. Nothing had changed nor was anything better. I talked with Ethan more about the move, but things were a little awkward between us. I couldnt help but to be mad about the situation. 
Alexa was only getting worse. School went by so fast that day, but the haze I kept experiencing kept coming back. I felt like pieces of my life were being skipped over. By the time I got back home, I was physically and mentally drained. Nothing felt real. I was beginning to wonder if I was going insane. I was scared, but I didnt bother talking to anyone when I got home. I went straight to my room and fell asleep.

Chapter 3
The days were passing much more like minutes. It was already the middle of November and I had been visiting Alexa in the hospital for over a little over two months now. Every day for about an hour after school I would sit with her and we would talk about life or reminisce about stories from our childhood. I could see the cancer eating away at her. She was rapidly losing the fight but they had very little they could do for her. 
They offered Chemotherapy but said she had less than a five percent chance of it helping. They also explained that it would more than likely make her sick every time she had a treatment and that she would lose hair. After that compelling explanation, she decided that she would rather live the little amount of life she had left in the most comfort that would be possible. She said she couldnt bare going through all of that to find out it didnt work. The color of her skin was looking more transparent. The bags underneath her eyes were a bruise purple. I was scared for her. She was scared for herself.
Like every other day, I was visiting, but today was different. She was quiet compared to usual, tense even. The wear of stress and uncertainty masked her face. She was scared even more than I had ever seen her. After a half hour of awkward conversation, one worded answers and a lot of what did you says, I finally broke the silence.
So would you like to tell me whats bothering you? I asked quietly.
She looked at me and drew in a deep breath. Aid, they gave me a guess for how much time I have left.
I sighed, I figured they would have to sooner or later.
Its not good.
I know, I frowned. Spill anyways.
Five months, maybe a little more, maybe way less. She seemed to be handling this extremely well for knowing she may only have less than a year to live. There was more and she didnt want to talk about the rest. She looked almost guilty and definitely pained. This was no elephant in the room, it was an ocean and it was suffocating her.
Im so sorry Alexa, I said sadly. You know Ill be here for you in any and every way I can.
I know, she smiled.
Youre not off the hook quite yet, sweetheart, I stopped her from trying to change the subject.
Hmm? she said acting confused.
Theres more. I know you and thats not all.
How the hell do you always do that?
Intuition is an amazing thing, I smiled.
She laughed softly and paused, Yes, there is more. Though I wasnt going to tell you yet, she admitted.
Oh and why wouldnt you sooner than later?
Ive only known for a little over an hour, she explained as a single tear trailed down her face.
If youre not ready to talk about it, tell me in a few days. Or whenever you feel is the right time, I said sympathetically. 
No, I need to tell someone, she hardly got out. She was losing her composure now, which meant it was bad.
Im listening.
She whispered something far too softly for me to hear her. I looked at her and shook my head, try again, I laughed.
Im, she paused for what seemed like days. The suspense was killing me. Pregnant, she finally confessed.
And that, I was not expecting. My jaw was hanging down to my ankles, eyes bulged out. Holy shit bricks, I exclaimed. She looked disgusted with herself. How?
Well one night we were making out and the next thing I knew he was... 
Oh my gosh, no! I know how people get pregnant Alexa! I didnt mean literally tell me how; I meant how are you pregnant when you told me three months ago you were a virgin? You havent had a boyfriend. I dont think Ive even seen you hold a boys hand before! How far along are you? I questioned and then it dawned on me, Oh my God, who is the father! My mind was reeling and I was suddenly having extreme thought vomit. Everything was hitting me faster than I could even begin to keep up or sort them out.
Im about ten weeks along and Ryder.
Ryder? Who is Ryder? 
Ryder is my unborn childs father and he is also your boyfriends best friend. 
What! Eww! Why? I was losing my grasp on this fast. Since when have you been with him? Ive never even seen you talk to him before!
It kinda just happened. He asked me out a few months ago. Ethan didnt even know and you know how close those two are, she explained frantically.
Why didnt you tell me? I exclaimed.
I was going to but then I got sick and I just figured it didnt matter anymore. He was here last night to see how I was. Hes been here every night since the day they made me come here.
How is that possible? Hes been visiting you all that time! How did I not know that? That is when another thing dawned on me, He doesnt know yet! I gasped.
No, he doesnt. You dont and didnt know yet if he ever asks you! She hissed.
So whats going to happen with this?
I have no idea, she said softly. Her eyes began to water again. That was it. That was the pain on her face. She didnt know what would happen with her baby. I didnt know either. She was more worried about her unborn child than she was about herself anymore.  
It was getting late so I decided I should go before Ryder showed up. I waited until the following night to wait for him to leave the hospital. I stood outside of the hospital door, leaning very nonchalantly against one of the large cement pillars. 
It was about seven thirty when he finally came waltzing through. He looked pretty relaxed considering the news he had heard just the night before. He didnt notice me so I let him pass before I tapped the back of this right shoulder. He turned slowly and his eyes were wide when he finally realized it was me.
Aidriana? Ryder said in surprise.
Yes thats my name. Dont wear it out, I smirked.
What are you doing here? he questioned.
I could ask you the same, I laughed. You look awfully guilty for just walking out of a hospital. He didnt say anything, just stared at me. Im visiting Alexa, to answer your question. And if Im not mistaken, youve been doing the same.
Shit, he blurted. What did she tell you?
Everything, I smiled.
Shit, he repeated.
Why were you guys hiding your relationship from us? I asked confused.
I dont really know. We were both scared what you and Ethan would think, what everyone would think, he admitted.
Well thats stupid, I said bluntly. Im happy for you both. Though I wish the circumstances were simpler. His eyes grew sad after I mentioned that. They almost looked cold, a little lifeless even. You know you have to tell Ethan about this right? 
I know, he sighed.
Hes going to be more hurt if you dont tell him yourself. Hes going to be surprised like I was, but I think he will be happy you two found each other.
I love her, he whispered, choking up. The pain on his face was more apparent.
I can tell. 
We said nothing more to each other. That night, he finally told Ethan. Ethan called me squealing like a school girl. I laughed at his extreme response to the situation. We talked more about them, but the more we talked, the more we both started feeling sorry for them. They had just started and their end was in close view. It was completely inevitable. It was going to break Ryder because there was a good chance he was going to come out of this completely alone. The likelihood of that baby living was slim to none. 
~
My parents went to court a week later. My dad didnt want an argument so he gave up everything to keep the peace. My father is a very good man but a part of me wished he wouldnt have rolled over so easily, at least for Brookes sake. 
I also went to see Katelyn. Shes pissed because my mom and dad are refusing to bail her out. I couldnt feel sorry for her though. She wasnt even trying to get better. If she didnt want to keep getting caught, she would put some effort in to getting help. She cant keep blaming everyone else for her problems. 
The visits with Alexa were becoming harder for me to deal with. She seemed to be doing worse every day and she looked almost unrecognizable. She didnt deserve this but it seemed like the nicest people always get shit on the hardest in life. 
She finally told her mom about the baby. She was mad to say the very least but in her defense, Alexa was only 16. It didnt take her long to cool down considering the condition Alexa was already in. Mandy did pull me aside to tell me that she is somewhat happy about the pregnancy. We all knew Alexa was going to die. The baby could be the only thing left of her daughter, if it even survived this. 
Ethan went to visit the new house he was going to be living in also. He would be back in a few days but it already felt like it had been a lifetime apart. I didnt know how we were going to go for weeks without each other. He really didnt want to leave now that Alexa was so sick. He was afraid she would pass right after he left.
~
On my usual daily visit with Alexa, I came to a room of pain and tears. Alexa sat on the hospital bed with Ryder, who was cradling her and whispering something in her ear. Mandy sat alone in the corner looking blank and completely shut down. It didnt take more than a second to figure out what had happened. 
A doctor came in and dragged me out of the room. I was just standing in there, frozen, and no one had even noticed me. I didnt need someone with a PHD to tell me but he did anyways. I stared at him blankly as he explained. They had checked on the baby after she had some unusual bleeding and they determined she had a miscarriage.. She was only 12 weeks along and honestly, I was surprised it had made it as long as it did. 
I could hear a slight buzz in my ears and the rapid beat of my heart. I felt pretty numb at the moment. The doctor wasnt saying anything anymore and he was shining a small light in my eyes. I began to regain my mind and realized he was checking me. 
Aidriana, he said to me slightly worried.
Sorry doc, I wasnt ready for this, I replied softly.
Aidriana, you were unresponsive for almost five minutes.
I saw you checking me. It was only a second, I argued.
No, I had been calling to you and checking your pupils for almost five minutes, he said.
I stared at him blankly again. I was worried now. I was blacking out or something. Either way, I was losing chunks of time. After the doctor voiced his worry about my most recent blackout, I went back to Alexa. She cried and I just sat there in silence with them. After hours of silence and tears, I went home and slept.
~
Ethan called me the next morning to tell me he was coming home and wasnt moving anymore. His mother had told him that she couldnt be the reason he wasnt home with his friends. No job was worth her taking away the short amount of time Alexa had left from her son. She knew we were all very close. 
I was starting to think there might be a short calm to this storm but we were really just in the eye of it all. The calm was very deceiving. Shortly after Ethan let me know they were heading home, I got another call. My phone rang softly and buzzed against the counter. I picked it up and saw Ryders name on the screen.
Ryder? Whats wrong, I said before giving him the chance to even say hello. He had never called me. Never.
Aidriana, dont panic. You need to get down here now, he said quietly
Whats going on? I asked fearfully.
Just come. I will explain when you get here. Theyve moved her to the fifth floor, room 514. Hurry, he calmly explained.
Okay, Im leaving now. Ill be there as soon as I can, I said and quickly hung up.
I grabbed my purse and ran out the front door. My mom yelled at me as I ran out, but I didnt stop. I jumped in my car and drove, fast. Maybe a little too fast, but I didnt care. I made it there in twenty minutes, which was almost twice as fast as usual. Things were beginning to blur by and I was worried she had already died before I could make it. 
Aid? 
I was standing on the fifth floor, just staring, Hmm? I answered completely out of it.
Aidriana, are you alright? both Ryder and Mandy asked. Both were standing in front of me, worry clearly running across their faces.
I didnt really know how to answer that question, but I lied. Yeah, Im fine. Just worried. 
Shes in critical condition. They dont know if shell make it through the night, Mandy sobbed.
I didnt say much more than okay and walked past them. She was lying alone in her room, tears streaming down her cheeks, skin pail as chalk. Her hair was dull and her face looked sunken but her eyes, on the other hand, were sparkling. Other than the red rim from crying, they were full of happiness or peace maybe. She looked up at me blankly.
So you heard then, she began quietly.
Yeah, I heard, I choked out.
She didnt cry anymore, she just watched me intently. I was losing my composure quickly. The tears were beginning to fill my eyes and the burn in my throat and chest were becoming unbearable.
Aidriana?
Yeah Alexa, I sniffled.
I know youre scared for me, she observed. Dont be, she finished softly.
How can you even say that? I said angrily.
Im not scared anymore. I feel ready. I feel at peace, Aid. She didnt smile but her eyes showed no fear. I will be okay. Ill be waiting for you at the pearly gates, she smiled then and let out a small laugh. I got up and hugged her softly.
I know youll be okay. Ill be looking for you when I get there, I smiled back. I didnt laugh but I did feel a little lighter.

Chapter 4
Alexa died two days later. Ethan made it home and got to see her in her final days. We all got to say goodbye to her but I was the last to talk to her. She held my hand softly. After I told her I loved her and she said she loved me, we didnt say anything else. I just sat next to her and watched her. 
Her breathing was beginning to falter, and I could see her heart was beating awkwardly on the machine above. I looked back at her and she smiled at me. I thought at that moment I saw something in her eyes. Maybe it was God welcoming her to his kingdom, or maybe it was an angel taking her there. I wasnt sure what I saw, but it was something. Just like that, she drew in her last breath and she was gone. 
I sat alone with her body, holding her limp hand in mine. I wasnt sure how I felt about things. She was ready to go and I knew that, but I wasnt ready to let her. I finally worked my body up to move. I set her hand on the bed so it didnt hang where I sat. My eyes began to tear up now and it was starting to become real to me. My best friend was gone and I was just realizing it. 
I walked slowly to the door and fumbled with the handle. I opened it slowly and made my way down the hall to everyone. They all saw me coming and my knees were slowly getting weaker. 
Aidriana! Mandy yelled as she sprung from her seat.
I didnt make any sound, nor did I make it many more steps either. My legs gave out just as Mandy made it close enough to keep me from face planting. Everyone else filed out of the waiting room to see what all of the commotion was about.
Shes gone, Mandy, I managed to cry out. I finally let out the tears I had been holding in. 
It was a relief to let go of such a heavy burden. Ethan came over to help steady me. Mandy and Ryder ran passed to the room. I could hear them both lose it. Mandy started breathing fast and was hyperventilating. This was followed by a loud thud and then Ryder saying oh shit. 
Seconds later, a pile of nurses came to the room. It was amazing what could happen in about a minute, even when it felt like a lifetime. The rest of the day was a blur. Ethan, Ryder and I stayed with Mandy at her house. We all needed support that night so we all camped out in the living room and watched reruns until we fell asleep. 
~
The funeral came fast, mostly because I dont remember three days of my life. I remembered falling asleep at Mandys, laying next to Ethan and the next thing I know, Im in the backseat of Ryders car. Ethan was squeezing my hand and from the sounds of it, I was in a deep conversation with him. I looked at him and felt confused and truly terrified. 
Babe, whats wrong? He said softly.
Ethan, what were we just talking about? I asked in a panic.
The funeral? Babe, are you okay? Ethan asked.
I dont remember anything. Were we talking and I was responding to you?
Uh, yes, weve been talking since we got in the car. 
What day is it? I demanded.
Its the 5th.
December 5th? I asked
Yes Aidriana, Ethan said.
I dont remember after falling asleep the day Alexa died, I admitted.
What? Ryder jumped into the conversation and looked at me through the mirror.
I dont have any idea what has been happening for the last three days.
Youre starting to scare me, Ethan said.
Its getting worse, Aid, Ryder pointed out.
What do you mean its getting worse? Ethan questioned.
This isnt the first time this has happened, I answered softly.
What do you mean? Ethan asked. He sounded irritated.
She did this the other day too, but she was just blank, Ryder explained. He looked worried too.
Why didnt you tell me about this, Ethan exclaimed.
I didnt think it was a problem before, I said honestly.
The car stayed silent after that. We pulled up to the funeral home and the area felt sullen and grim. The sky was a painful grey and it was lightly sprinkling. We got out of the car and saw people talking and crying. I didnt know any of them and quite obviously neither did Ryder or Ethan. We walked past all of them and into the glass doors. 
Mandy stood just past the doorway. Her eyes said it all. She was clearly distraught and even with those around her, she looked truly alone. We stopped over to talk to her and she said very little to us. I couldnt even take the depressed tone of this place and then the rest blurred by. 
Before my mind could catch back up, the funeral was over. I realized I never gave my speech about her and felt like a huge asshole.
That was a beautiful story, Aidriana. You truly captured who my little girl was, Mandy said softly as the tears flowed down her face.
I smiled and said thank you to her, but now I was horribly worried and confused. I blacked out and somehow managed to tell a beautiful story about her. I didnt mention this to anyone and we went on to the burial. She had a beautiful spot right next to her dad. 
Her dad had passed away five years ago from stomach cancer. I cried frantically as they lowered her into the ground. She was truly gone and my head was finally wrapping around the fact. I stood there in the rain and said my final goodbye to her.
~
That Friday, our school had an assembly for Alexa. Our school was small so none of us had ever experienced the death of a classmate. A lot more people cried than I thought would. She wasnt popular but that didnt matter anymore. She touched a lot of peoples lives and her life was cut short. 
We had counseling available for anyone who needed to talk about the situation. I didnt take advantage of it, nor did I plan to. I was in a spot where I felt like I was being buried alive. I found myself having more blackouts. It was like jumping in and out of my life and only noticing things that were important or dramatic.
Ethan and I checked on Ryder regularly. After the funeral, he really just lost it. It was like his body was here, but his mind was drifting off somewhere else. He said little to nothing when we saw him. He sat alone most of the day and still wasnt ready to go back to school. I couldnt blame him though; he was so young and he had already been through a miscarriage of his child and lost his lover. We decided we should visit him every day to try to support him so he could live his life again. So far nothing was getting better for him though. I had to believe that he was going to come back out of this. Alexa wouldnt have wanted this for him.
I also went to visit her mom the day of the assembly. She had really let herself go in a weeks time. It was pretty obvious that she hadnt showered in days. She was sitting on Alexas bedroom floor, tears running down her face and dripping onto her dark blue sweatpants. She was also holding a cigarette in her left hand and an ashtray sat next to her. It was completely full and it looked like she had probably gone through maybe six or seven packs since the funeral. The cigarette butts filled the tray to the brim and many more were scattered around it on the hardwood floor. She had quit smoking after Alexas dad passed away, but from the looks of it, she had picked it back up after the funeral.
Mandy, I said to her softly.
She turned her head slowly toward me and tried to smile. Hello sweetie.
Mandy, how long have you been sitting here? I asked her.
What day is it? She murmured. 
Friday, the funeral was four days ago.
Im not sure how long. Maybe three days, she said emotionless.
I decided she needed to get up and out of her daughters room. She didnt fight me, nor did she argue. She didnt say anything at all. She just followed me, face blank, her mind drifting elsewhere. I sat her on the bathroom floor while I grabbed a change of clothes. I made her take a shower, and she argued with me this time. I didnt listen; I just forced her in with her clothes on and sat on the counter until she was done. When she finally shut the water off, I threw her a towel.
Alexa did this with me when Jack died, she said as she stepped out.
I know, I smiled at her. I had been there and remembered how much more alert she was after the shower even back then.
Thank you, Aidriana.
Mandy, youre like my mother. I dont want to see you like this anymore than Alexa wouldve.
I stayed there for a few more hours, though the conversation was hazing in and out. I didnt remember getting into my car or driving halfway home. My cell phone rang and I looked down at the screen to see Ethans name on it.
Hello, I said happily.
Hey baby, are you on your way home yet?
Yeah, Im about five minutes from home.
Okay, well Im gonna head over finally then. I didnt remember talking to him about coming over but I was happy anyways.
Alright! Ill see you soon!
I love you, Aid, he said tenderly.
I love you too.
I pulled into my driveway at 9:15. It seemed darker out than usual and the air was like ice but the usual Michigan snow hadnt hit us yet. I went down to my room and sat on my bed. My mind drifted away from me as my head hit my pillow.
~
I woke to my phone blaring in my ear. It was 11 pm and Ethan hadnt come yet. The phone number was not a number I knew but I had a feeling I should answer it anyways.
Hello? I said cautiously.
Aidriana, you need to get into your car and drive to the hospital as fast as possible. It was Ethans mom and she sounded frantic.
Cindy? What happened?
Theres no time to explain. Just get in your car and go, now! She yelled.
So I did and I did fast. Somehow I was going almost 110 mph the entire way and I never got pulled over. I got there in 15 minutes and ran in like a bat out of hell. I asked where he was to the receptionist at the front desk but Cindy ran right into me and grabbed my arm. We ran all the way to the ER side of the hospital and I got out what I could on our way. 
Cindy explained that Ethan was T-boned by a logging truck. The man driving had been on some medication and he was far from functioning enough to drive. The truck didnt have lights on and Ethan was hit going through a four way stop. The truck hit him on the passengers side but he was going 45 miles per hour or maybe faster so there was no saying what would happen. 
We got up to the room and he was being worked on. We couldnt go in but the room had big windows that Cindy and I could look through. There was blood everywhere and he was completely unconscious. My worst nightmare was playing out right in front of me. He was going to die, and I was here to watch and have no control.
The next thing I knew he was flat lining. Cindy and I were screaming at the window, completely helpless. They went for the defibrillator and put it to his chest. Everything around me was blurring and slowing down. They charged it three more times and I watched as his chest contracted up toward the paddles. 
The endless beep of his unbeating heart was blaring in the background. My ears were ringing, the doctors moved around the room in a chaotic slow motion, and the sting of my tears blurred my vision. This couldnt be real. Then everything stopped; everything but the deafening, never ending beep. My world came crashing down before my eyes. He was gone. My best friend and now the love of my life were both gone in the blink of an eye.
The doctor came out to tell us what we already knew, he was dead. He explained that the internal bleeding was so severe; they couldnt even begin to get it to stop. The words the doctor was saying started to slur together and the light in the room began to fade. The blackout came to stake its claim on me yet again.

Chapter 5
When I came to again, I was lying in a bed I had never seen before, in a room that was also unfamiliar. I felt disoriented, confused, and a little horrified. I put my hand to my face to rub my eyes, when I saw a shimmer from my finger. To my surprise, there was a wedding ring on it. I went to roll to the middle of the bed and realized I was unbelievably uncomfortable. I touched my stomach and felt the large bump that was present. That is when I lost it. I started to hyperventilate. The tears were beginning to well up and then I felt my stomach move.
Holy shit, I screamed.
I tried to pull myself up to sit and felt the bed moving next to me. I froze. 
Baby, whats wrong?
The voice was unmistakably familiar. I looked over to see Ryder staring over at me. He was in his boxers and he looked utterly confused. You have got to be shitting me, I exclaimed.
Aid, whats wrong? Is the baby okay? Do we need to go to the hospital?
Baby? I stuttered. I touched my stomach again and felt the baby inside slide its foot across my abdomen. Oh. My. God. 
Are you he stopped and his eyes suddenly widened. He looked at me with heartbroken and bewildered eyes. Aidriana, be honest with me please. What is the last thing you remember? 
I dont know, I began to weep. 
You blacked out again. I thought this hadnt happened in almost ten years. 
What did you just say? I managed to choke out.
Oh God, he looked stunned. Do you remember finding out you were pregnant? Or our wedding? Our first date? he asked frantically.
Ten years. I had skipped past almost ten years of my life. The tears rolled down my face and I began to feel numb and cold. The last thing I remember, is watching Ethan die, I finally admitted.
I think you should wake up, Aid, he said. Everything around me was beginning to discolor and cloud around me.
What?
Wake up, he slurred.
Everything around me grew dark. I could hear a distant scream in the background. Ryders face began to disappear and all that was left was the color of his eyes staring back at me. I felt as though I was tumbling through a black abyss of nothing. The scream grew louder and I began to feel nauseated. I was falling too quickly and I felt lost and alone. I closed my eyes tightly.
~
I woke in a cold sweat, my body was drenched with liquid fear, and the scream was coming from my own mouth. I looked around to see my room in my parents house. I instantly looked at my phone to see 4 am shining back at me. It was the morning of my first day of school. I could hear wild footsteps above me, quickly coming down the steps. Slightly bewildered, I looked around and felt cold and numb still. I was having a hard time deciding what in the dream had been reality.
Hun, are you okay, My mother shouted as she barged through my door.
I looked at her and my dad followed suit behind. They were still living together, which meant they hadnt separated yet. They had talked about doing the break thing but never actually went through with it. I was shaking profoundly but they didnt seem to notice. Bad dream I guess, I tried to explain. 
Youre probably just stressed about school, my dad pointed out.
Yeah, probably, I sighed.
Okay sweetie, my mom smiled. Try to get some sleep.
They gave me a hug and walked back to their room. My phone suddenly began to buzz and the light of my screen shined Alexas name toward me. I grabbed it and flipped it open.
Alexa, you do realize it is four in the morning, right?
Sorry, I know its late, she answered quietly.
Whats going on?
I just wanted to let you know Im missing the first half of the day tomorrow.
Really? And whys that?
I have an appointment tomorrow at 8, she replied. There was a tone of worry behind it.
Another appointment? Youve been having those a lot lately.
That was kinda another reason why I called, she admitted. I need to talk to you about something.
My heart began to race. The dream seemed to be holding some truth. All I could hope was that she didnt tell me she had cancer. At four in the morning? Is something wrong?
Aid, they think I might have a tumor in my brain.
Excuse me? I shuddered at her comment and I suddenly felt as though this was only the beginning. My heart rate jumped again. 
Im going in tomorrow for some final testing. If its where they think, they will be able to remove it. 
How long have you known about this Alexa? I said gasping for breath.
A few weeks. They think thats why Ive been having all of the problems and migraines lately.
Why didnt you tell me sooner?
I really didnt want you to worry about me until I knew more. I dont want you to have to worry at all, she answered softly.
I understand that. I would have probably done the same.
I know, she laughed softly. 
Ill see you tomorrow afternoon, I yawned.
That you will, she said happily.
I hung up and was caught in deep thought. What if that dream was real? What if I lost everyone? What if it was going to be worse than what I already saw? I sat on my bed wrapping my arms around my legs, hugging them to my chest. There was no way I could sleep now, not after what I had seen, especially now that Alexa told me about a possible tumor. For the next two hours, I sat and thought.
~
My alarm finally went off at six that morning. On a normal day, I would have hit the snooze button around five times but I hadnt been able to fall asleep again anyways. I got out of bed and turned on the light. My eyes burned as the light hit them. Sitting in the dark for that long seemed to have made the light that much worse. After my eyes stopped watering, I quickly showered and finished my morning routine. I was a little on edge about this day and was having a horrible time trying to concentrate.
I left for class twenty minutes early, which was unusual for me, and pulled into the student parking a half hour before school even started. The few people that were here, I paid no attention to. What a cluster fuck I was in. I frowned to myself as I walked toward the door. My pulse played loudly in my ears and sheer panic was beginning to wash over me. I walked slowly to my locker, dragging my feet most of the way there. I turned the combination knob with ease and threw everything in. I tried to breathe and relax myself. I stood there dazed and completely incoherent to the world around me.
Aid, what are you doing here so early? 
I slowly turned to see Ethan smiling behind me. I didnt sleep well, I answered softly.
You look exhausted, sweetheart, he said as his smile faltered slightly.
I am, I said bluntly. I woke up at four and just couldnt seem to fall back asleep. I tried to smile at him but failed miserably. I suddenly got a quick flash of Ethan mangled on the hospital bed, bleeding everywhere, with no hope of saving him. I shivered and tried to blink the glimpse away.
Are you okay? He asked.
Um... Yeah... Im fine babe. Just a little headache, I said awkwardly. 
He looked at me with worried eyes. He didnt believe a word I said. I knew I was a horrible liar but Ethan knew I was incapable of lying without completely giving myself away.
Okay, he said with a hint of question behind it. Do you need something for your head then?
No, itll go away. If it doesnt in an hour, Ill take something then. We looked at each other but he didnt ask any further.
Hey there love birds.
I looked over to see Ryder, looking as Ryder as ever. Ryder and Ethan were two of a kind but at the same time, so different. They were like night and day. Both were incomprehensibly handsome, tall, and overly confident. I hadnt seen Ryder all summer and he had chopped his shaggy light brown hair to short spikes. His hazel eyes looked darker than usual. It was eerie because they looked exactly like they had before I woke up. He looked exactly like he did in the dream. He had grown a few inches taller and towered over me, just as Ethan always had. 
Both boys looked at each other and smiled like they had lost each other. I always laughed at their hilarious bromance they seemed to have, but today I couldnt even crack a smile. I just didnt have energy to fake it right now. They man hugged each other like they always did and both gave me a quick glance. 
Hey man, its been a few weeks! Howd the rest of your summer go? Ethan asked.
It went good. Way better than last summer, Ryder said smiling. 
Oh yeah? Did that girl have anything to do with it? Ethan teased. I gasped. He had met a girl and I knew nothing about it. From the looks of it, neither did Ethan.
She might have, Ryder smirked.
I looked at him suspiciously, And where did you meet this girl?
At the beach in Grand Haven, Ryder answered.
Oh really? Do we know her? I held my breath, hoping he would say no.
Nope, not that I know of.
I sighed in relief. He was dating some girl he met at the beach that we didnt know. Thank God! Maybe Alexa calling had all just been a horrible coincidence. 
So wheres Alexa at? Ryder asked a little too eager. The tone in his voice reminded me of the way he acted in the dream.
Doctor Appointment, I answered nonchalantly. Since when do you care?
Wow, no need to bite my head off, Aid. I was just curious. She is part of this group, if you wanna call it that. Plus, its the first day of school. I thought it was a little odd you two werent attached at the hip or something, he snickered.
I didnt say anything back to him. I was tired, irritable, and seriously paranoid, obviously. They both kept looking at me, worry on Ethans face, interest and curiosity on Ryders.

Chapter 6
First hour started at 7:40. Ethan and I both had Mrs. Benetts Trig class. To make things worse, she had a lovely seating chart. Considering the entire student body knew we were together, along with the entire faculty, it was no surprise that she split Ethan and I apart. He sat in the left front seat. I got the right back seat. Talk about putting us as far apart as possible. On top of the crappy seating chart, she was one of the most boring teachers for the most boring subject. Running on the lack of sleep, plus her monotone voice, plus the most boring material ever, equaled instant sleep. 
I drifted into my horrible nightmare instantly. It was like watching a really horrible movie but youre tied to a chair with your eyelids pried open, and your inevitable future is getting thrown in your face. I couldnt wake myself up so I got to watch the horrible events all over again. Everything played out the exact same way, from the deaths all the way to the blackouts. Finally I was staring into those big hazel eyes again and being forced to wake up. 
I was flung back to reality to a blood curdling scream. I was disoriented and confused again. The entire room went completely silent and everyones eyes fell on me. Their eyes were all bugging out and some people even gasped. I couldnt breathe and began gasping for air.
Aidriana, is there a problem back there? Mrs. Benett asked, clearly annoyed.
I looked over at Ethan and tears instantly starting coming too quickly for me to control. I didnt answer my teacher. I got up and I ran from the class.
Aid! Ethan yelled behind me. I thought about running faster but decided to slow down. I didnt want to explain this to him. Aid, whats going on?
Im not sure yet. I keep having this dream. I dont remember what happens but this is the second time Ive slept and woke up screaming like that. I wasnt about to tell him what the dream was about, not yet anyways.
Thats why you didnt get any sleep last night, he figured out.
Yeah, that would be why, I whispered as the tears began to spill over.
Its okay Aid. Its only a dream, he insisted as he pulled me into his arms. He held me tightly, trying to relax me somewhat. I could feel my pulse dropping back to normal and felt content for the moment. When he let go, the feeling of despair was overwhelming, but I played it off like I was completely fine. 
Thank you, Ethan, I smiled at him. Why dont you go back to class and Ill see you next hour. 
He looked into my eyes and kissed my lips softly. His hands found mine and I felt a smile on his lips. I pulled away to see him smirking at me. See you in a half hour. 
Not nice! I shouted as he walked away. I smiled for a moment, only to be interrupted by a cruel vision of my dream again. 
~
I didnt go to my next class. I sat alone in a bathroom stall and I cried. What if I was wrong and this was all just a nightmare? Maybe I was just overacting and nothing was going to happen at all. I started to calm myself down. This was just a stupid nightmare and nothing more. 
I walked out of the bathroom to go to my third hour class. My face was red and puffy from crying. I had a little bit of mascara smudged on the side of my face, but I didnt really seem to care at that point. Id clearly just made a complete ass of myself and I didnt feel that smudged mascara was going to kill my already dead social life. 
I kept my head down as I walked toward my art class. It was one of the only classes I didnt have with Ethan but honestly I was happy he wasnt going to be there. I felt lost and confused, maybe even slightly dazed. When I felt a soft tap on my shoulder, I turned slowly around to see Alexa standing behind me. She had a huge grin on her face until she saw mine. The smile faded quickly and turned into a grimace of concern. 
Aidriana, whats wrong?
I looked at her sadly. I stared into her eyes and saw a flash of glossy death behind them. I shuddered and looked away from her. Nothing is wrong. Im just having weird nightmares. Theyre really freaking me out.
Thats all? She questioned. I never cried in front of people, she knew this. I had only cried one time in front of her and it was after my grandmother died. 
Yeah its not pleasant, I answered.
That must be one hell of a dream. You were crying, she pointed out bluntly.
I guess so. I dont really remember much, I just know I woke up terrified, I lied.
She looked at me clearly not convinced but like Ethan, she knew better than to push me. So the appointment, She said awkwardly, trying to change the subject.
Yes, the appointment, I repeated. What happened?
Well its not amazing news but its better than nothing. There is a tumor, she stopped and took a breath. They can remove it though. Its early enough that it isnt too big and its not in a place where it is likely to kill me.
Kill you! I yelled.
Well come on, Aid, it is in my brain. It could be a possibility.
But they are saying its not a big possibility?
Right, not a big one, Alexa said.
I over dramatically took in a deep breath. Well I guess the news could be worse, I smiled at her and she started to laugh.
Definitely could be worse! She said with a laugh.
I looked over at the clock and noticed I was five minutes late again. Well I have successfully been late or missed every class this morning.
Better get to class then. I should be going to mine too.
Ill talk to you more after class. Im glad things are looking hopeful.
Me too, Aid, Alexa said
We both turned away from each other and walked in the opposite direction. I wasnt looking forward to my next class, nor was I looking forward to the rest of the day for that matter. All I could hope was that this class could keep me awake.
~
After lunch was over, I got a nice little note for the office aide. I had now been late for two of my classes, missed one completely and landed myself an extraordinary visit to the school counselor. Meaning, I was also missing my second class on my first day. This day was turning out to be one of my biggest epic failures in my academic career. 
I moped my way down to the office after giving my light pink slip to my fourth hour teacher, Mrs. Weller. She looked at me with irritated eyes and shooed me from her class. I walked as slow as possible, dragging my feet on the tile below. The door to the counselors office was growing dangerously near and I was getting the sudden urge to run the other way. I got to the door and put my hand on the handle but the urge won and I began to turn the other way. 
Ms. Masters, you seem to be going the wrong way, a voice said from behind me.
Busted! Mr. Keitz stood at his door, arms crossed, and looking stern. No surprise there. I noticed behind the stern glance that his eyes showed worry and compassion. Also not good. 
Mr. Keitz, uh, ya I just realized I forgot something in my locker and was going to get it, I lied.
I am going to go ahead and imagine that the something, he air quoted at me, in your locker, can wait until I am finished.
I think you might be imagining right, I said sarcastically and rolled my eyes as I walked through the doorway behind him. This guy was like a human lie detector, hence my strong need to run. He was going to know something was wrong whether I tell him or not. Worse, hes going to know I was lying to him until I told him what the truth was. I was losing count of all my failures today but this was going to be by far the top of my epic fail list.
I took a seat in the empty chair by his desk. I dropped down into it awkwardly, making an awesomely loud thud. Then I proceeded to stare at him without saying a word. I was going to make this the most awkward counseling session he had ever encountered.
So, Aidriana, he then paused. I looked at him without saying anything still and just lifted my eyebrow up on one side. I stared at him some more as we sat in silence. Do you have any idea why you are here? The silence was getting to him quickly. I still didnt say anything. I stared very intensely at him. Well I see that youre refusing to answer me so, Mrs. Benett informed me of some unusual behavior from you earlier today. 
Youve got to be shitting me! Im in here because I fell asleep in her class! What, just because Im smart, Im not allowed to show classic signs of being a teenager? 
Aidriana, you and I both know you wouldnt be in here if you had just been sleeping in her class, Mr. Keitz said.
So then why the hell am I in here then? I asked.
It may have something to do with the blood curdling scream the whole entire school heard at about 8:15 this morning, he stated.
Okay so youre telling me that Im in here because Im not allowed to have nightmares now? I asked in irritation.
Aidriana, please try to calm down. No one is attacking you or trying to single you out. Considering that you are one of our brightest students, with one of the top grades and to my knowledge, has never shown signs of being a regular teenager since attending this high school, the teachers are showing concern.
Well Im going to tell you now, I dont intend on talking about my problems with you, I said quietly.
Is everything at home okay? he asked.
Again, there is nothing you can say to me that will make me open up to you, I said slowly. 
I suddenly felt like I was spinning. The feeling was very familiar, though at first I couldnt figure out why. Then it hit me. I had been feeling this every time I was losing consciousness in my dream. I was spiraling quickly and the room around me began to blur like it had in the dream. I was passing out, again.
Mr. Keitz looked at me unsure what was happening. Aidriana, are you okay? 
I couldnt answer him at this point. I was far past turning back and I was embraced with the darkness once again. 
~
I could hear the muffled sound of people yelling around me. I opened my eyes slowly and saw the blur of faces and white light. I was entirely disoriented this time around. I had never passed out in my life. Had I not been dreaming about what it felt like, I never would have known that was what happened to me. I tried to focus my vision on those around me. I tried to move my arms to rub my eyes but they were stuck down by my sides. I could feel something around my wrists binding me down. 
My body felt exhausted and I was severely fatigued. I couldnt focus on anything around me. I felt as though someone had drugged me. I was beginning to panic as the restraints around my wrists tightened.
Ariana, a muffled womans voice spoke softly.
I tried to answer her but I couldnt get anything out. I couldnt understand why she was calling me Ariana either. Maybe it was just a mistake and I heard it wrong. 
Ariana, try to stay calm. We are all with you. Try to focus sweetie.
I wasnt wrong; she was calling me by a name that wasnt mine. I could feel my heart rate spike. The sound pounded in my ears.
Her heart rate is accelerating! Everyone needs to get out of here right now, another woman ordered.
That was the last thing I heard before the void took me again. 
~
When I woke back up, I was laying on the floor in Mr. Keitzs office. I slowly began to get up.
Whoa there Aidriana, slow down, he said as he ran over to my side.
I dont understand. I said confused.
Just relax Aidriana. You blacked out. It is completely understandable considering the stress you must be enduring, he said trying to comfort me.
Where did the woman go? She was calling me a different name, I asked in confusion.
Im the only one that has been here. Maybe you dreamed something while you were passed out, he offered.
I sat there and looked at him, still clearly unsettled about what I had just heard, or believed I had just heard anyway. I think I need to go home, I finally admitted.
That is probably a good idea. I already called your mother. She is already on her way.
She is? I asked.
Yes, she is. It sounds like you have had a very tough day so I think you should go home and rest. I want you to come to my office tomorrow though. I will send a pass for you when I have some open time, Mr. Keitz explained.
I really dont know whats going on Mr. Keitz, so I think that will just be a waste of our time, I argued.
Well think long and hard about it while you enjoy the rest of your day off. We are past me asking now. Your mother has requested that you to come in to talk to me tomorrow also. If it takes me the entire year to figure out what is going on in that little head of yours, then so be it, he said.
I was past arguing at this point so I just agreed. He smiled at me and looked truly concerned. Ill see you tomorrow then.
Until then, he said as he walked me out of his door. My mom was walking down the hallway and she smiled at me lovingly.
Sweetheart! She yelled.
Hi mom, I said back softly. Could this day possibly get any more embarrassing?
Its okay sweetie. Lets go home now, my mom said.
She pulled me into a hug and we turned toward the doors. I didnt even bother to get my things out of my locker. I was ready for this day to be over. 

Chapter 7
I sat alone in my room after my mom and I got home. The ride home was silent and awkward to say the least. I could tell she didnt want to push the issue with me so she just kept quiet. I put my head down on my soft pillow and curled into a ball. I felt sick. I couldnt understand what had happened. The first dream had seemed so real, but more of a foreshadowing of the future. When I passed out, that seemed completely real. 
I closed my eyes and savored the nothingness while I turned my thoughts off. The blank darkness behind my eyelids didnt last long though. I was once again hurled into my nightmare. I woke shrieking the same horrifying cry. I looked at my phone to see 4 am again. I broke out into a sudden sob and felt completely helpless. What was happening to me? 
~
When I got to school, I walked straight to my locker. I kept my eyes on the ground below me and didnt pay any attention to those looking at me in the halls. I had committed social suicide without even trying. I could hear the hushed whispers of my classmates as I moved and the tears began to rim my eyes. I began to put my combination into my lock and suddenly couldnt remember it.
Aid?
I turned around slowly and saw Ethan standing behind me. He looked like he hadnt slept and concern was radiating off of him.
Hi, was all I could manage to spit out.
Aidriana, I called you ten times last night. What happened? he demanded.
I passed out in the counselors office and my mom picked me up. Im sorry Ethan; I never even heard my phone, I explained.
This isnt like you at all. Youre seriously scaring me. I hate to ask because I have a feeling you wont tell me, but whats going on? He asked sounding worried.
I sighed and looked at his eyes. They were almost grey and the bags under them were dark and prominent. I know youre worried. Im not trying to be distant or hide anything. I honestly dont know whats going on. I am just as confused as you, I assured him.
Is this about the dream you had yesterday?
Its much more than that, I admitted.
What do you mean? he asked.
Thats what I dont know. I feel off today. I feel like something bad is coming.
I looked away from him. I couldnt bear to stare into his eyes and see them glaze over again. I kept seeing death everywhere I turned. 
Do you remember at all what it was about? he questioned.
I couldnt tell him much. I felt selfish but I wouldnt have him looking at me like I was insane. I remember one thing from it and its only because it is happening now.
I dont get it, he said, clearly confused.
In the dream, Alexa has cancer. She called me yesterday morning. She has a brain tumor, I told him. 
He stared at me and his face began to turn ashen. Youre trying to tell me that Alexa claims she has a tumor in her brain? She never told me. He sounded offended.
Claim? Shes not claiming anything Ethan. She was at her specialist appointment yesterday. What do you think shes been seeing her doctor so much for? I hissed.
Are you sure she isnt just messing with you? 
I never said a word about the dream to her, I said slightly irritated.
Im sorry. Im not trying to make her out to be a liar or some shit, its just, what are the odds that none of us knew and then you have a damn premonition about her having that? He said.
Exactly! Point proven, I wasnt crazy for thinking that this may not be a coincidence. This is why I feel so freaked out. She called me not even five minutes after I woke up from that damn nightmare. Again, tell me the odds! I yelled.
He was clearly scared now. I didnt feel so bad for reacting the way I had been after seeing the blank stare on his face. 
Whoa now, what fun filled conversation did I just walk into? Ryder waltzed his way over to us and smirked. Looks like you saw a ghost bro. You two fighting?
I am standing right here, I said astonished. And no, were not fighting for your information.
No need to get your panties in a twist there, Aid. Man if you could see both of your faces, youd know why I said that, Ryder said.
No need to be a douche, Ryder, I shot back a little too snarky.
So whats this business Im hearing around school about you screaming in class and passing out? Ryder asked.
Come on man, not cool, Ethan said irritated. 
Just a little curious is all. Im not trying to be mean, Ryder stated.
Well if you must know, that is what we were talking about. If you didnt barge into our conversation like a dipshit, I may have shared that with you earlier, I explained.
My bad, Ryder admitted. So whats going on then?
She had this nightmare last night and doesnt remember many details of it but its scaring the shit out of her, Ethan explained.
And? Ryder said.
And the only detail she is sharing with me that she remembers is one about Alexa, Ethan answered.
What about her? Ryder asked.
Aidriana was dreaming that Alexa has cancer, Ethan explained.
So your point? Ryder said in confusion.
She called me five minutes after I had the dream and told me she was going to her appointment. She told me yesterday before I left that she has a brain tumor, I trembled.
Excuse me? Ryder looked even more confused.
We all stood there silent, when the five minute warning bell went off. I was determined to not make this day like yesterday. Ill explain more later, I said while beginning to walk away. I cant be late for this today after screaming in that wenches class.
Ethan and I both walked to class quickly. I walked into class only to be stopped by Mrs. Benett. Mr. Reynolds, please take your seat. Aidriana, I would like to have a word with you quickly.
Okay? I said.
We stepped out into the hallway alone while the other students began sitting in the classroom. 
After speaking with Mr. Keitz, the faculty and I have decided that we would like you to stay close to Mr. Reynolds as much as possible. Mr. Keitz is going to send a pass down for you in a half hour so take a seat up front by Ethan please. You may discuss the rest with Mr. Keitz, Mrs. Benett explained.
Mrs. Benett, that is really nice of all of you, but not necessary, I argued.
Mr. Keitz feels that you need to be around someone close to you. Again, you can discuss it with him during your session. Now take a seat, she urged.
I sat in the desk next to Ethan and smiled. What are you doing? he asked quietly.
Ill explain as soon as I get the chance.
~
Twenty minutes into class, my little pink pass came for me. The office aide handed it to Mrs. Benett, who in turn excused me from class. Ethan looked more worried than ever. I got up and walked out to the hall. Mr. Keitz was standing outside to collect me. There was no escape, no excuses, no nothing. 
Aidriana, how are you feeling today? Mr. Keitz asked.
I was fine. You realize that I dont need you to escort me right? I asked him.
I do. Although, I am almost positive you would have found a way around this had I not come to pick you up myself, he explained.
He was right, no denying that. I wanted no part in being his psychological guinea pig. I didnt want everyone knowing my business, nor did I want everyone catering to me like some kind of breakable china. I followed him to his office regardless of my feelings of this insensibility. I sat in the same chair as last time.
He looked at me intently, like he was waiting for me to spill my life story to him. I didnt say anything still. I honestly could say that I didnt even know where to start. I didnt even know what was going on.
Id really like for you to talk to me, Aidriana. I just want you to talk about anything really. If youre not comfortable sharing much yet, thats fine. Just something would be a good start, he said trying to comfort me.
I huffed, this is a waste of time.
Why dont we start with answering this; have you had the nightmare since class yesterday? He inquired.
No, I lied.
Was that the only time you had it? He asked.
Yes, I lied again.
And what do you remember from it?
Nothing, I answered bluntly.
He sighed and looked irritated but also defeated. I think you may be right.
About what? I asked.
This being a waste of time, he admitted.
I already knew I was right. I pretended like I just didnt care but I was enjoying that he wasnt breaking me. Yeah, probably.
Since you wont talk to me, I hope that you talk to those close to you. If you ever become ready, my door is always open, he offered.
Thanks, but I doubt Ill be coming back.
He frowned at me, I had a feeling youd say that. I switched your schedule around so that you are in classes with people I know you are close to. Whatever it is that you are going through, I feel that you need some support right now.
I looked at him completely speechless, Youve got to be shitting me.
Im not shitting you. Until you decide to either share with me, or share with them, this decision stands, he said as he slid me my new schedule.
You do realize that I have been the main source of laughter in this school since yesterday, I shouted.
I was not aware of that but this is high school and people will forget about it soon enough, he stated.
I huffed loudly at him, Whatever, great load of damn help youve been. I stood up and walked out. 
He let me go without a word but I think that was his intention. I would either work this out by myself or I was going to be forced to come back to work it out with him. Talk about dedication to students. He always had a plan to help.
I looked down at the new schedule and laughed slightly. I was now in 3 classes with Ethan, two with Alexa and one with Ryder. Why he put me in a class with Ryder, I wasnt particularly sure. I wasnt really close to him and only hung out with him because he seemed to be part of Ethans package deal. 
I began walking to second hour. I now had Mrs. Aress for my second hour teacher and began to shudder. I looked down at my schedule again and realized I had Mr. Harolds for my third hour. The only two teachers that showed up in my dream had conveniently become two of my new teachers. I was once again late for class thanks to Mr. Keitz. 
I got up to the door and tried to open it as quietly as possible. The door squealed loudly at me and Mrs. Aress looked at me with a small amount of pity. She was not the type of woman to address your problems in front of everyone, so she treated me just like she would have treated any of us.
 Ms. Masters, I believe this is your second year in my classroom and you know my rules. Get in your seat before I change my mind, she barked.
My seat was the only one left and I was placed right next to Alexa. She looked at me with uncomfortable eyes. I sat down and zoned out for the last thirty minutes of class. 
~
So would you care to share with me whats really going on now? Alexa said as we walked out into the hallway. 
Its complicated, I answered her softly.
Come on, Aidriana. There is nothing too complicated for you to tell me, Alexa argued.
That isnt quite true in this situation, I said.
What do you mean? I cant understand unless you try to talk to me, she urged.
Its the dream I was telling you about. Theres something about it. Im afraid something bad is coming, I softly explained. As I looked in her eyes, the blank stare of death greeted me. I blinked it away and began to tremble. 
What do you mean, Aid? What kind of bad things? she asked.
Your tumor is one, I admitted.
What the hell do you mean? She asked.
I had that dream the morning you called me. You had cancer in my dream.
Excuse me, She began to shiver. What else happened in the dream?
Thats my problem, I know what happens is bad, but I cant bring myself to remember the details of it, I lied.
She looked at me thoughtfully. At first she thought I was lying, which I was, but then the look disappeared and she sighed heavily. Maybe this is just a fluke. Maybe you were subconsciously worried because I was seeing my doctor so often and the worry manifested in your dream to create what you thought was a subconscious reality.
I looked at her in disbelief. And when the hell did you get so damn smart? That actually makes some sense!
Just because I act like a blonde ditz doesnt mean I really am, she laughed. Youre supposed to be the genius around here. How didnt you come up with that idea on your own? 
Fear seems to shut my genius off, I said smiling.
Obviously! she exclaimed. Why dont you just give it a little time? See if the dream keeps happening and see if you can remember anything else if you have it again.
I think that might be a good idea, I agreed. 
~
I continued to have the dream and it never changed. After a week of horrible sleep, I began to look partially dead. My eyes were surrounded by the purple circles under them. I was so exhausted but I couldnt sleep unless I wanted the dream to creep up on me again.
 My classes were going much smoother now that I had the constant support of my two favorite people. Third hour with Ryder was awkward and he was my new science partner. He was constantly asking me questions about this dream and seemed to be overly worried about the subject when it pertained to Alexa. 
I honestly could say I just didnt want to know things anymore. If I were to pretend things didnt match the dream at all, it would feel less like I was spiraling into a dark abyss of my unfortunate reality. So that is exactly what I was doing; pretending. 
Alexa brought it to my attention during second hour that she was getting the tumor removed as soon as next week. I was beginning to worry more about her as time was passing. She seemed detached and secretive. Since school had started, we hadnt hung out at all, which was unlike her. She hadnt even asked. Since I had Ethan, I had more time to split. She was busy all the time now. Paranoia was getting the best of me, while I was getting stuck with the worst. 

Chapter 8
I felt surrounded and claustrophobic. My shoulders were tightly squeezed in between Ethan and Ryder. I was panicking as the seconds passed with no word.
Aidriana, relax! She will be fine! Ethan said while trying to comfort me. 
Alexa had been prepped for her surgery over an hour ago. I waited for someone to let me know she was fine. Mandy sat on the seat opposite of us. She smiled at me reassuringly. 
Im trying, I mumbled at him. 
I looked over at Ryder and suddenly wondered what the hell he was even doing here. Unfortunately, this wasnt the time or place to ask him. He looked nervous too as beads of sweat formed on his forehead. He smiled at me too and I saw a flash of him staring at me lovingly, the same way he had before my dream ended. 
Why dont we go for a walk? Get your mind off of this, Ryder suggested.
 He nodded at Ethan as he stood. Ethan stayed in his seat and pushed me up so I would go. I stood up, against my will and better judgment. I had a feeling this walk was going to lead to my ultimate insanity.
We walked out of the waiting room and headed for the cafeteria. It was silent at first. I walked slowly next to him and I kept my eyes on the floor.
Aidriana, I know weve never been super close or anything, but I consider you a good friend of mine nonetheless, he said quietly.
I looked at him and wondered why he was being so nice. He smiled at me again and I couldnt help but smile back. 
I didnt know you thought so highly of me, I said as I laughed a little.
Aid, youve been around for a while. Its hard not to think highly of you, he admitted.
I looked into his eyes and there was no flicker from the dream. There was just him and he was looking at me the way he had when he was married to me. I looked away and pretended that I hadnt seen anything. Maybe I was just imagining things. 
Thanks, I added after an awkward silence. 
We sat down on a bench in the hall without saying a word. I could feel his eyes on me and I looked up.
Shes gonna be fine, Aid, he reassured.
The next thing I knew, he was hugging me. I was confused more than ever now. What was he thinking? I felt a sudden vibration on my thigh and realized that my phone was in my pocket. I pulled away from Ryder quickly and flung it open. 
Hello? I answered.
Hi hunny, just checking in to see how Alexa is doing, my mom said.
Mom, shes only been in there for a little over two hours. Ill call you as soon as I know something, okay? I explained.
I guess Im just worried sweetie. It seems like shes been in there much longer than that.
Trust me, I know what you mean, I agreed.
Hang in there kido. As soon as you hear something, call me. Oh, and tell Mandy to call me, will you? she said.
Yes Mom.
I love you hunny.
I love you too Momma. Ill talk to you soon. 
I closed my phone and tucked it back in my front pocket. I laced my hands together and rested them on my lap. I felt a sudden and overwhelming amount of confusion. I didnt know if I was just being paranoid or if Ryder was looking at me different than usual. I didnt understand what was happening. 
He sat next to me and didnt say anything. I wasnt sure if he felt he had overstepped his boundaries with me or if he was actually guilty about something. 
Maybe we should get back, I suggested. Shes been in there for about 2 hours now. Im hoping shes about done and everything went as simple as they thought it would.
Yeah youre probably right. I hope shes out soon too. Then we can all feel a little less stressed, Ryder said.
We slowly made our way back to the waiting room, where I found Mandy and Ethan chatting up a storm like they were best buds. This day was truly bringing on some awkward and weird events. Mandy looked over at the door as we walked in.
Ah, finally you two are back! Mandy exclaimed.
Any word yet? I asked.
Not quiet. I have a feeling it will be very soon though, Mandy answered.
It seems like such a short surgery even though they are ripping that thing from her brain, Ethan said sounding awkwardly worried. 
I stared at all of them utterly lost and confused. It was like being stuck in an episode of the twilight zone and this was my alternate reality. I felt like the world around me was crumbling in pandemonium and no one seemed to even notice. I looked over at Ryder one last time before I decided to let my mind check into a void of thoughts. His eyes were on me again, searching for some kind of answer. The deep love I had seen in them only a few minutes before had vanished and was replaced with a sadness I had never witnessed in him. 
That was when I realized, he was sitting here with us for me, not for her. How I had never noticed before was beyond me, but Ryder was in love with me. I shut down after that and just like that, I was falling into the void I was getting far too used to. 
~
The fatigue was back at full force. Not only was I on the verge of barfing out my stomach, but the room was spinning and my vision was blurry again. I was alone this time. From what I could tell, the room was small and the walls were a boring off white. My body was still stuck down onto the tiny, uncomfortable bed. I felt weak and my muscles trembled in protest as I tried to move. My arms buckled back down against the restraints around my wrists.
After trying to get up and going against the restraints for several minutes, I gave up. The haze in my vision was slowly disappearing. The room was much like a hospital room, though there were no monitors or supplies of any kind. I was completely alone and the room was mostly empty. The door had a small window on it but I still had yet to see someone walk past it. 
I was beginning to panic again. My heart was racing and pounding in my ears. I didnt understand where I was, or how I got here for that matter. I stared up at the ceiling and the tears began to roll down my face. Then I heard the door open slightly and a wave of relief washed over me. I didnt bother to look over though. 
Ariana, the woman said softly.
There the name was again. Are you talking to me? I asked in confusion.
The older women looked saddened by my question. Her hair was a short, brown, choppy cut, left down and straight. It was above her shoulders and it was lightly peppered with grays. She looked kind and had sincere green eyes with flecks of yellow in them. She wore a white blouse and black slacks. 
She smiled at me but her eyes showed her sympathy, Yes, I am. Do you recognize me at all, Ariana?
My name is Aidriana and I have never seen you in my life, I stated.
No sweetie, thats not your name. Weve had this conversation many times before today. Weve had this conversation many times since the accidents happened for that matter, she tried to explain.
What accidents? Where am I? Whats happening? I asked. I was now panicking.
Ariana, please try to stay calm this time. I dont want to have the nurse come in again, she warned softly.
My name is not Ariana! I yelled.
Ok, Aidriana, she paused trying to humor me. Thats what you are called in your other life, correct?
That is my life! I dont know what this is. I tried to reach over to pinch myself but the restraints kept me from succeeding. This is a dream!
Stay calm, please! Lets talk about the accidents for a minute, the woman offered calmly.
I really dont know what youre talking about.
All of your friends passed away over the last few years. Do you remember anything about this? she asked.
All of my friends are fine. I was just with them, I argued.
Tell me their names, will you please?
Alexa, I said first. 
She then interrupted me, Alex, possible suicide.
Ethan.
She interrupted again. Eli, drowned.
Ryder, I said irritated.
Ryan, house fire, she corrected.
Excuse me? I finally spit out.
Alex, Eli, and Ryan, all died last year. All friends of yours, she explained.
I seriously think you have me mistaken for someone else, I retorted.
Do you recognize the girl in this photo? she asked me as she flashed a picture at me.
Dont ignore me lady! I dont know what you are talking about! Im not Ariana. Those arent my friends names! I need to get home! I screamed hysterically.
Can you just tell me quickly if you recognize her? This is the last question I have for now, she pled.  
The girl in the photo was blonde, small features, petite. I didnt recognize her, not until I looked at her eyes, the window to the soul. They were a dramatic green with a splash of blue close to the pupils. There was a small imperfection that didnt belong, a small brown speck in the right eye sticking out of the green. They were my eyes.
I began gasping as I looked at the photo in front of me. I couldnt breathe. I could feel my body slowly giving up and I looked at the woman. My breaths were coming in too quickly and far too short. 
Just breathe! Dont leave yet! She begged.
The fog was slowly wrapping around my mind, coming to collect me once again. My body was beginning to tingle from the lack of oxygen. Just like that, I lost consciousness. 
~
I woke abruptly with a gasp. I felt groggy and perplexed. I tried to control my breathing, make sense of what I had just dreamt. Was I dreaming? I wasnt sure what was real anymore. 
Aid, are you ok? Ryder was sitting next to me. I looked over and Ethan was no longer on my other side. He went to walk around while you slept. I told him Id stay with you just in case you woke up.
Um, Im fine, bad dream again, I said.
Same one? he asked.
Unfortunately no, I admitted.
Maybe you should talk to someone about it if its bothering you so much, he offered.
Yeah, maybe Ill get to the point where I can stomach to talk about it. I couldnt bring myself to say anything more to him. I suddenly wondered how long I had been sleeping. I looked over at the digital clock. Over hour had gone by. Any word on Alexa?
Her mom just went back with the Surgeon, he answered.
Thank God, I said smiling.
~
After waiting in an awkward silence for what seemed like a life time, I finally got my chance to see Alexa. I walked into her room as quietly as possible. I honestly didnt know what to expect but I was ready for the very worst. I walked through the door anxious and at the same time relieved. They had shaved her head to get to the tumor but that didnt bother me. I was just happy to see her breathing. I went to her side but she was far too drugged to really realize what was going on. 
I sat there with her as her mother came and went. I wasnt ready to leave her just yet, only out of fear that my dream was going to play out to a sick reality. But as the hours went by and the sun went down, nothing happened. She was stable and I finally felt comfortable to go home. I knew that she would call me as soon as she was able to pick up a phone, so that was good enough for me.
The drive home was long and I was restless. What the hell happened at that hospital? Between Ryder pining over me and the newer dream, I wasnt really sure what I believed. Was I really just some crazy girl going in and out of consciousness? Was this the dream and that was my reality? It didnt matter because this was better than being insane. 

Chapter 9
Several days later, I finally got the call I had been waiting for. Alexa was fine and healing. She sounded relieved to talk to me, even if it was just on the phone.
So how are you feeling? I asked her.
Different, she admitted.
Is that good or bad?
I think its good. I am in a lot of pain but I know its going to pass. The only thing I am not good with is this damn haircut! she joked.
Hey the loss of your hair is better than being in a hole in the ground, I reminded her.
Very true, she said laughing. At least no one has really made a big deal about it. I could be a really hot guy I guess.
Oh good God, you dont even look remotely close to a man, dork, I reassured her.
Well Im glad you dont think so! she said.
So who all has come to visit you? I asked.
Well my mom has been here the entire time. You, Ethan and Ryder were here the day I went in. Ryder and Ethan came by yesterday. Your mom came to see me. And most of my family has been here at some point, she explained.
Hmm, interesting, I said.
What is that supposed to mean?
Oh please, dont act so confused. Ryder and Ethan came to visit you? We both know that I wouldnt be friends with Ryder if I wasnt dating his best friend, and you wouldnt be friends with either of them if it wasnt for me dating Ethan, I said.
And your point being?
You and Ryder definitely have something going on, I finally blurted. 
She paused for a long minute and then sighed in relief. How could you have possibly guessed that?
Honestly it never crossed my mind as possible until I I stopped. I didnt want to bring up the dream again to her. There was much more to it than any of them knew and I was determined to keep it that way. 
Until you what? she asked.
Never mind, its nothing. I just knew.
Bullshit! You are a horrible liar Aidriana! Its that damn dream isnt it? You arent sharing a lot of it. Ive known that since the first time you brought it up. So when the hell are you going to be honest about that? she said annoyed.
Im sorry! I just couldnt bear to tell you all about it. I have good reason to be a little worried about this, I said.
And why do you think you have good reason?
Because of your tumor! I yelled.
Excuse me? she whispered.
That stupid dream hasnt been wrong yet. You had cancer in that dream, Alexa! You died in that dream. You were with Ryder in that dream, and you were pregnant with his baby!
Oh for fucksake, really? Youre telling me that youre basing that dreams credibility on a tumor and Ryder? Me and Ryder are not dating, by the way, Alexa commented.
If youre not dating him, then why have you been so busy and why is he visiting you?
I dunno, to be a good friend maybe! I would like to think that after hanging out with him and Ethan so much, that we have all become pretty good friends.
I sat in silence for a minute trying to process things. She wasnt dating him. She was right though. I had no reason to be putting faith in something I was dreaming about. It shouldnt have been so important to me because it was only a dream. 
Im sorry Alexa, youre right. Im being irrational.
Yeah, irrational could be one way to describe it.
I think its time to talk to Mr. Keitz at school, I admitted.
Youre actually going to talk to him, She asked surprised.
Its either that or I lose my damn mind. I shit you not, I cant sleep or eat. I have been an anxious mess for weeks.
Definitely noticed. You didnt have any of us fooled. Ryder seems overly worried about it.
Yeah I noticed that too. Maybe Ethan is really worried and doesnt know how to express it? I asked.
Doubtful, she said a little overly malevolent. 
Yeah I guess. Well I have some homework to finish so call me tomorrow okay? I said quickly.
Okay Aid, I will. Ill be out of this hell hole soon!
Okay, bye, I said and then hit the end button. 
She had never talked to me like that when it came to Ethan. He had always been our way of gossiping but apparently she wasnt in the mood today. I shrugged it off and shuffled through my bag to find my math homework. I sat alone in my room on my bed and wondered how I was going to stay awake or coherent to finish this. 
~
For the first time in weeks, I had slept peacefully. There were no dreams, no cold sweats, and no gasping for air. I had finally slept an entire night and saw absolutely nothing. I stretched out on my bed and smiled to myself. Maybe it was finally over and I could go on with my life. 
It had been two weeks since Alexas surgery and she had finally made it home. I hadnt seen her since she was released though. She said she wanted to rest and get better. I didnt argue. I wanted her to come back to school and for everything to be okay again.
On this particular day, I got to school early again and walked effortlessly to my locker. Ethan was standing next to his looking rather pompous. He looked over at me and smiled, but the smile was completely fake. 
Hey babe, how was your weekend?
Well considering I didnt see you at all, it wasnt amazing. Ever heard of calling? I snapped at him.
Really Aidriana? I got busy, what is the big deal? He asked nonchalantly.
There isnt one, I said irritated. 
Whatever, he mumbled and then walked away. 
Apparently I have perfect timing and always step into fights, Ryder said smugly.
Shut up, Ryder. Im not in the mood for this right now, I yelled.
Sorry, he said softly. It sounds to me like your boyfriend is being an asshole this morning. 
Oh you picked up on that too? I said sarcastically. 
Well since hes being a dick, why dont we ditch this place and Ill take you out to the mall, he offered.
Id love to go to the mall but I have an appointment with Keitz at 9.
Ok so Ill see you at 10, he smiled.
Since I was so pissed off about Ethan, I had no problem agreeing. It could be fun or it could be a disaster. Either way, I was willing to take that chance. I didnt go to my first hour, just for the simple fact that looking at Ethans face would just make me annoyed, so I ditched out and sat by Mr. Keitz office for a half hour. I was surprised that it took him until 8:30 to poke his head out and find me there.
Ms. Masters, what a pleasant surprise, Mr. Keitz said.
I have an appointment at 9 so this isnt much of a surprise is it? I responded.
Ah, very feisty again today I see. Not one of your better days again, I assume.
Bravo, youre a genius. Ill get right to making you a sparkling gold star for your enthralling comments.
He smiled at me and began to laugh a little. Well young lady, why dont you take a seat in my office and we can talk about your struggles.
Whatever, I said rolling my eyes. I had thought this was an amazing idea yesterday. Today, I wasnt feeling that way anymore. I tried to just calm down so I could work on sharing something. I was never going to get anywhere if I stayed in this state of mind. I sat down in the chair by his desk again. Listen, Im sorry. Im just nervous and havent talked about this with anyone yet. 
He looked at me and his smile grew. Opening up is the only way.
I know, but that doesnt make it any easier to talk about, I sighed deeply at him.
He was right and I had known that for a while now. 
What you say, will stay in this room, Aidriana, he assured.
I sighed again. I needed to talk about this to someone. So I told him all about the first dream. I told him all about the fears that I had and the things that I had been noticing now that I probably wouldnt have before. He looked at me intently, nodded his head a lot and kept a stern but caring look on his face. 
Then I very briefly talked about the new dream and I could see the resolve on his face diminishing fairly quickly. I didnt explain about being someone else or that I was strapped to a bed in some institution. I also didnt mention this dream was always changing and that the woman there seemed to know me very well. 
He knew just as well as I did that the dream wasnt normal just by the small amount of information I gave him. Most people dream weird things but the way I was explaining it to him was the exact reason it scared me. It felt too real. It felt like it wasnt a dream at all.
Did it ever cross your mind that the dreams are just a manifestation of all of the stress you have been dealing with? He finally offered after I finished explaining everything I was willing to share.
Ive thought about it but I can honestly say that Ive never dreamed something that whole heartedly felt real. Not like this anyway, I admitted.
The possibilities here are endless, Ms. Masters. People dream strange things very regularly. I think maybe more regular sessions with me, plus opening up with your friends, could really reduce or even get rid of these dreams.
And if it doesnt?
Then we will try a new approach. I promise we will figure this out, no matter what it takes. Starting tomorrow morning, I want you to start recording your dreams in a journal. I want you to try to remember what happened and also give as much detail as possible. Try to record what happened, who was there, what the area around you looked like, actions those around you are making, anything and everything!He said.
Well that sounds pointless.
It may sound pointless but Im asking you to do it. As for sessions, I would like to see you every Tuesday and Thursday morning at 9 for the rest of the school year. He looked at me with a smile as he pulled out a composition notebook. Bring your journal with you.
I walked out of his office feeling defeated. My hands just barely gripped the notebook. I wanted to drop the damn thing and just move on with my life, but at this rate, I would be in a real mental institution if this continued. I kept my eyes on the ground as I walked to my locker.
Aid, hurry!
I looked back toward the hall leading to the back of the school. Ryder smiled at me warmly. For the first time, I smiled back at him.

Chapter 10
Without a care in the world, I went with Ryder. For whatever reason, it just felt right to go. I was much more comfortable with him than I had expected. I thought about what Ethan might say, considering I just left with his best friend, but I honestly didnt give a shit. 
We spend hours walking around. He stood with me while I shuffled through clothes and dug around for accessories. We stayed silent through most of the trip. There wasnt much of a need for words. It was just comfortable like this. I felt exhilarated even with the lack of interaction. 
I was beginning to think the ride back to school was going to play out the same way, but the silence was always cut short. Youre so talkative, Aid, Ryder said sarcastically. I never knew. His trademark smartass grin was creeping onto his face. 
Youre so charming, I said back.
The sarcasm suits you, he said smiling. It got quiet again, just for a minute. So why did you come with me today?
I dont know, why not?
So what, is this your rebellious side or something? He asked.
Maybe.
Youve never had one of those, he stated.
A rebellious side? I asked confused.
Yeah, youve always kind of been a goody-goody in my book. It doesnt seem like you.
How do you possibly know whats like me and whats not?
I just do, he paused. Its the dreams, right?
One day, if youre lucky, I might just tell you about them, I confessed.
I hope so.
We sat in silence for a few minutes when I suddenly started thinking about Alexa. So, Alexa tells me that you and Ethan went to visit her. 
Yeah, I saw her the day we were all there, he said looking a little confused.
No, another time. She said a few days after or something.
Hmm, well I was never there, he replied, still looking confused.
After that I just kept my mouth shut. Something strange was going on and I wanted to find out what. I didnt understand why she would lie about something like that. When we got back to the school, there was only an hour left. I looked at Ryder and thanked him for taking me out. 
He leaned over and kissed my cheek. My skin warmed under the touch of his lips. It was innocent enough, or at least thats what I tried to tell myself. He then went on to remind me that he would listen if I ever gave him the chance and that he would be more than happy to talk about the dream with me. 
I need to, uh, go, I said awkwardly. 
I was flustered now. There was nothing innocent about that kiss for either of us, and I knew that much. I jumped out of his car as quickly as possible, without even giving him the chance to say another word to me. The tantalizing aroma of him still lingered on my clothes from riding in his car. The warm sensation on my cheek intensified and my hand lightly traced the spot his lips had kissed my face. I couldnt help but smile and my heart began to race as I thought about his lips touching mine. 
What was I thinking! What about Ethan? I had to get out of here. I instantly began to walk straight for my car. I didnt care about the hour left of class or even the fact that I had just skipped an entire day to go to the mall with my boyfriends best friend. I didnt even care that I was now drooling over a guy I used to find annoying. 
As I opened my door, a single rain drop hit my face. Overly flustered, I got in my car and I drove a little too fast. My attention was on the hot feeling tingling on my cheek. I was still bewildered and my thoughts were clustered together. My heart was still racing. My hands gripped the steering wheel tightly and I tried to get my mind on track. I couldnt concentrate on anything but that heat dancing on my cheek. 
The rain was beating down on my roof, making my heart race even faster. I tried to breathe in deeply and closed my eyes for just a split second. Just as quickly as I had shut them, I opened them back up, only to find myself catching a deer jumping out into the road. So what did I do? I did what every idiot does when they see an animal jump in front of their car. I swerved.
To my dismay, the deer ran the same way and I lost control. As my car spun around in slow motion and the deers body flew around me in pieces, all I could think was why the hell I didnt just hit the stupid animal. The swinging of the car was so intense that I was instantly nauseated. Then I saw the tree staring me in the face, mocking me for not just plowing the deer over.
When the metal collided with the wood, all I could hear was the crunching of the car folding into itself. The metal crumpled around me and I could hear the glass cracking. With an ear shattering boom, the glass exploded in every direction. I could feel the tree bringing my car to its ultimate stop and my head jerked from the head rest straight into the steering wheel. 
They always say that youll see your life flash before your eyes when you die. All I saw was darkness.
~
I woke up in a white light. My eyes were unfocused and I suddenly wondered if I had passed over. Was this really what heaven was like? I wasnt impressed so far. Sadly, I was instantly disappointed when I felt the restraints around my wrists. This wasnt heaven at all. This was my own sick version of hell.
I heard a door creek next to me and I cringed. The woman walked in and sat in the chair near my prison. I laid there without saying a word. I looked over at her and frowned. It was the same woman I talked to the last time.
Aidriana, she said softly.
Who are you? I asked.
Ms. Kaitz, she answered. Ive been your counselor for a few years now.
Ive never met you before, I argued. 
Youre right, Aidriana, you havent. 
Youre not making sense, I complained.
I know. Ive been trying to get through to you for months. I havent been able to keep you here long enough to make any progress with you, she explained. 
I still dont understand.
Between having to sedate you and your inability to accept reality, I havent been unable to keep you aware of your surroundings for more than a few minutes in over a year now.
I instantly started feeling sick again and my mind was reeling. Are you telling me that this is real?
Youre not who you think you are. I promise you, we will do whatever it takes to figure this out, she said determined. The conversation was starting to feel more and more like dj vu. 
The sickness in my stomach was beginning to pull me away again. Something is happening, I warned her. There was a blaring of beeps in my ear and my body felt like it was on fire.
Nurse! Ms. Kaitz ran from the room as my body began to shake. I went to take a breath in but I never felt the air come. I began to panic even more now and the convulsions only got worse. 
Several people ran into the room and I could hear my heart slowing down to nothing in my ears. The world around me was in slow motion again. Try to remember today, Ariana, Ms. Kaitz yelled at me.
Clear! The jolt hit my body like a brick and all I saw was black.
~
Clear! Another jolt hit me again and I could hear the chaos around me. I sucked in a breath and my heart started beating again. I could see blurred faces come in and out as my eyes tried to regain control. I tried to move just slightly when I felt a firm hand rest against my shoulder.
Aidriana, please remain calm. You were just in a car accident. We are taking you to the hospital and I need you stay still, the man said to me.
I never said anything, nor did I know if I was even able to. I stayed still and my mind began to sort through the pieces. She had told me I am not who I think. Was she even real? Was this real? I closed my eyes and drifted back to sleep. It wasnt pleasant this time and the first dream replayed yet again. 
~
I woke up in a white room and expected to see Ms. Kaitz sitting next to me again. I was in a hospital and wasnt tied to the bed so I couldnt be there this time. I looked around the room to see Ryder sleeping on the chair next to me. My body was throbbing in every possible place. I looked down at my arm to see a soft cast on it. I didnt really remember what had happened.
I lay on the bed and looked up at the ceiling for a few minutes. I was losing my mind. I couldnt even begin to understand what was going on anymore.
Aid?
I looked over at Ryder and he smiled at me as he rubbed his eyes. 
What are you doing here? I asked.
I got a call from your mom. She said she tried to call Ethan and Alexa but neither of them answered. 
Im not sure whether I should be pissed or not, I said a little confused. I couldnt help but to smile at him. Im glad someone came. He grinned widely. Are my parents here?
Yeah, they just stepped out to grab something to eat not that long ago.
We sat in silence for a minute and then I looked at him, What exactly happened?
You dont remember?
I remember leaving school. Then I remember driving and seeing a deer. Now Im here. So Im supposing what happened in between didnt go so well.
You hit it and then you mutilated your car. The tree is okay though, he said laughing. 
Ryder always made it a point to make something serious a little more light. He always succeeded. 
Well thats good that the tree made it. I looked away from him and I noticed the painful sting on my face. How bad is my face?
Youre bruised pretty bad and have some pretty intense cuts but you look good for what youve been through, he responded with charm.
I laughed at his comment and the room got quiet again. Dont take this the wrong way, but why is it that you found a way to showed up and my boyfriend and best friend still havent even answered their phones? Dont you find that strange at all?
Not really. Ethans been really busy with something lately. I hardly see him anymore. Honestly, I thought hed been ditching me to see you.
I hardly ever see him anymore. I havent seen Alexa much either now that Im thinking about it. Shes been pretty distant since the summer.
He pulled his chair up next to me and touched my hand. His skin felt warm against mine and a grin crept on to my face. For a moment, I didnt feel so alone. 
Everythings gonna be okay, Aid, he said.
I dont really know how true that is anymore. Things arent right, I sighed and looked away again.
Why do you say that?
Something strange is going on in my head, I admitted.
He smiled at me and laughed. So youre finally gonna trust me enough to talk about that dream, huh?
I think I owe you that much. Youre the only one that cared enough to answer a phone call and come here for me. I thought back to what I saw while I had been unconscious. I dont know what is real anymore. A single tear dropped from my eye. Ryder suddenly looked so serious, which was very unlike him. He reached over and softly wiped the tear from my cheek. He didnt interrupt my moment of weakness; he only sat there quietly and waited intently. Its not just one anymore. 
Whats not? he asked confused.
There isnt just one dream anymore. There are two of them. The first is always the same. I watch the same excruciating scenes, recite the same lines, and I lose everything. The second is like an alternate reality. It feels like waking up. Nothing is the same. I interact with the people and they know me. Im someone else. We all are, I said softly. I suddenly felt horrified at the realization that this could be my reality. Something horrible happened to all of you. Im the only one that survives. Im alone.
Youre not alone. We are all still here and we are all safe! I think youre going to be fine and that those dreams, are exactly that; dreams and nothing more.
Ryder, they feel so real though! I went back there while I was unconscious. I talked to her. She says Im not who I think, I began sobbing.	
You were gone for a few minutes. You could have seen anything. Shit, you couldve gone to the other side for all we know.
I died?	I asked feeling horrified.
Technically.
Maybe shes right then.
Who exactly is she? he asked.
My counselor, I finally admitted.  And my name is Ariana and you guys are all dead. She keeps telling me to stay there and that I dont belong here.
And you believe this imaginary person?
I cant bring myself to believe Im some crazy girl stuck in an insane asylum. I think my mind is playing tricks on me.
Maybe it is, he agreed.
The door creaked open next to us and my mom peered in. She smiled when she saw me and instant relief showed on her face. Youre awake! Oh sweetheart, I was so worried. Your father has been in tears since we got the phone call.
Im okay, Mom! 
Thank you so much for coming and sitting with her, she said to Ryder. I cant imagine why Alexa and Ethan arent picking up or havent heard from someone yet.
Im not really worried about them, mom. Im just glad Im alive. Ill call them later, I said smiling at her. 
Dont worry about that, I will get a hold of them both and have them call you. You should rest, Ryder interjected.
Yeah I think youre right. Im exhausted and nauseated.
Its probably just the pain medication they have you on. Ill get someone in here to make you more comfortable, my mom said as she walked out of the door.
Ryder smiled at me warmly again, Why dont you try to get some sleep and I will start calling Alexa and Ethan as soon as you fall asleep.
You dont have to stay if you dont want to, I said casually.
Close your eyes. I want to stay, he whispered tenderly. 
He gently placed his hand on my head and stroked my hair. I closed my eyes and felt the rhythm of his hand. He bent his head down and his lips just barely touched my cheek. I didnt fight it anymore and drifted into a peaceful slumber. For the first time in months, I didnt feel scared and all I saw were his deep hazel eyes.

Chapter 11
Somehow I left that hospital with stitches, a few cuts, bruises and a sprain in my wrist. The way my car looked, I realized I probably should have been dead. I wasnt sad to leave that horrible place. It reeked of death and hand sanitizer. Just the simple act of lying in that bed made me sick. I begged them for days to discharge me and when they finally did, I bolted out of there. 
While I was still there, Ryder had gotten a hold of Alexa and Ethan for me after a few hours and both rushed to my side. I noticed something different about them both. I couldnt quite put my finger on it at first but they walked in looking euphoric. Their proximity was close enough as it was but the look in their eyes looked as if they wished they were closer. Their eyes were a little too comfortable and their smiles were too relaxed. I remembered the look Ryder game me as the two waltzed in and I shuttered. 
As I sat in my room thinking about it, I wondered if I was being paranoid or if my mind was just over exaggerating what I had seen. I had just survived a near death experience and those two looked like they were on cloud nine in a damn paradise. What I couldnt decide was whether my best friend would really go behind my back like that. 
Completely exhausted, I closed my eyes and quickly fell into a deep sleep. The dream was losing its edge each time I was forced into it. For the first time I began to notice the body language between Alexa and Ethan that I had never noticed before my accident. Even in the dream, they seemed closer than I realized. Not only did I notice that but Alexa and Ryder had zero interest in each other outside of this dream.
I woke back up irritated and in excruciating pain. The bruising was slowly healing and so was the sprain but it hurt nonetheless. I grabbed my bottle full of Vicodin and fought with the top for a minute. Stupid child proof top, I yelled. Brooke peeked through my cracked door and smiled at me. 
How are you feeling, she asked me softly.
Im fine, sweetie. Just hurting a lot.
Do you want some help with that, she said as she pointed at the medicine bottle.
Youre four, Brooke; I dont think you need to be opening medicine okay?
Well Im not going to eat it! Duh sissy! 
I laughed hysterically at her comment. It never failed to amaze me when she said things like that. My phone began to buzz against my bed side table. Ill be out as soon as I get done on the phone, okay, Brooke? 
Okay! Ill be playing in my room, she said grinning widely.
Awesome, I said smiling back. Now scoot! 
She scurried away quickly and I could hear the light footsteps moving away from my room. I looked down at my phone and it stopped rattling. One missed called shined brightly back at me. It was Alexa, which surprisingly brought me immediate irritation. I put the feeling aside and redialed her number.
Hello, she chimed.
You rang, I said a little too fiercely. 
A little venomous this morning? Im guessing youre in a world of pain right now. She sounded genuinely worried and sympathetic. I had to keep in mind that I really didnt know anything and just suspected foul play. Even with that considered, I couldnt help but be angry with her.
Yeah, Im feeling super shitty.
Well I thought Id see if you wanted to go out to lunch. You havent been anywhere in days and its a Saturday. What do you say, my treat! she said.
Yeah that sounds good. Where did you want to go?
How about that little breakfast place down the road?
Sure, I answered mechanically. Im gonna call Ethan quick and then Ill meet you there in an hour.
Oh, uh, ok then, she said as nonchalantly as possible. 
The forced sound in her voice made me frustrated. I hung up without another word to her. I dialed Ethans number and told him I was going there with her. He seemed completely uninterested and told me to just call me back whenever. His attitude made my mind reel even farther and I suddenly didnt want to go out for lunch anymore.
After begging my mother for nearly a half hour to borrow her car, I finally left and started driving towards the restaurant; my heart kicked it into high gear and began pounding. The anxiety was so intense that I was having trouble keeping myself from throwing up. My chest was on fire and was so tight that my lungs felt like they were going to cave in under my ribs. I pulled into the parking lot and wondered how I was planning on playing this cool. I was a horrible liar and an even worse actress. The drumming of my heart played against my ears, but I managed to open the door anyways. My legs paced with the rhythm of my blood flow. 
Alexa was already sitting down with two mounds of food on the table. She waved at me with a forced smile and I suddenly saw a flash of dj vu yet again. I knew that I had only seen that guilt ridden face once before. I walked over and the room began to sway. I quickly sat myself down and tried to get the room to stay still. Alexa looked at me confused.
Sorry, my meds are acting up. I guess my body isnt a fan of pain killers, I lied.
Apparently! You look high or drunk maybe.
Yeah, I look that way a lot on these. She laughed, I didnt. So where have you been lately? I hardly ever see you anymore.
She automatically blushed at the comment and I had an intense urge to jump over the table and punch her in her lying face. She had been hiding something or more like someone.  
No where special really, she said clearly bluffing. 
So, who is he, I said bluntly.
He who?
The guy youve been seeing. Who is he?
Im not seeing a guy at all, she countered defensively.
Bullshit you liar! Youre blushing! Youve been busy, secretive and short with me. Dont tell me Im imagining this!
Ugh, how do you always know things like this?
So who is he, I pushed and braced myself for her to tell me it was Ethan.
I started seeing him shortly before my surgery, she explained. Honestly it started out as friends just hanging out but Ryder really is different. I dont know how you guessed about him even before it became anything.
Ryder, I asked confused. Ethans Ryder?
I suddenly felt relieved but at the same time I felt a sickening spike of jealousy. Why did he lie to me about her? Even worse, I wondered why he had kissed my cheek the way he had and why he had been so tender and concerned after my accident. Thats when I realized the role was in reverse. I had been mad because I thought my best friend was in love with my boyfriend and here I was drooling over hers. Her eyes followed me as the sudden panic obscured my face. She definitely noticed.
Ryder, I stuttered again confused. 
Please dont say anything yet. Im not really sure what this is between us and Id rather not make it any more awkward for anyone. He said he doesnt want our relationship to be like you and Ethan, where all of the teachers know and the students too. You two have no privacy.
I looked at her blankly and couldnt even begin to say anything else. She looked at me with both anguish and compassion, but then her eyes grew wide with a realization I hadnt made it to yet. 
Oh my god! You are still freaking out about that dream, arent you!
Now it was me that would be lying. I hadnt even thought about that. As my mind tried to make sense of this clusterfuck inside, the rest of my body shut down. I could hear the distant sound of my name but the dark abyss sucked me in with no remorse. I opened my eyes and gasped, I wasnt with Alexa anymore and I saw the woman who said she was Ms, Kaitz. 
Ariana, please wake up, she begged softly.
I blinked at her and she smiled slightly. I am awake.
Ariana, you need to listen carefully to me. Youre running out of time. If you dont accept what Ive been trying to tell you, you could become lost forever. You have been catatonic a majority of the time you have been here. We dont know why you come back or what causes you to gain consciousness anymore. Youre parents are falling apart, and your conscious visits here are growing farther and farther apart, Ms. Kaitz explained.
First of all, I would appreciate it if you didnt call me that. I realize you seem to think its my name, but its not! Second, I dont even understand where here is! I dont even want to be wherever this is.
I apologize; it is hard to call you by a name that I dont know you by. As for what here is, this is your life and youre wasting it by living in a fantasy. 
I have a hard time believing that because I have no recollection of this so called life you keep bringing up. I still dont think this is any more real than it was the last time I was unconscious.
She looked at me and sighed. Tell me, where were you before you ended up with me?
I gave her a dirty look and realized I was with Alexa. Not only that but I had been so mad and confused that I had blacked out, again. I blacked out, I confessed.
Every time you go unconscious in your life, you end up here. Every time you fall asleep and you dream, you have the same nightmare.
How did you know about that? I never said a word about the nightmare to you. 
That my dear, is where you are wrong. We have the same conversations over and over. The last few encounters are the first that you have kept any memory of me.
But how did I end up like this, I asked aggravated as I pulled up on the restraints keeping me from moving off of the thin bed below. 
That is one thing that you need to find out for yourself. If I tell you, you will just regress again. I cant take that chance this time. It may be the last one I have, she answered apologetically. 
I was becoming more impatient with her. I could hear my vitals spike as my frustration with her rose. This isnt fair, I yelled at her.
I know its not, but you can get out of this. Ill see you soon. Remember, youre running out of time. Without one, the other will parish too.
I didnt understand what she meant. I closed my eyes for a few seconds and opened them slowly. Alexa was in front of me just staring. I blinked a few more times and she continued to look at me. Well, she said irritated.
Huh, I said softly.
Are you shitting me, Aid? I asked if you were freaking out about that dream and you just stared at me like an ass for like 10 seconds. What the hell is going on with you? I exhaled slowly at her. We were both being secretive with each other. She frowned at me as I sat staring at her in silence. I cant be there for you if you refuse to share with me, she said quietly.
Alexa, I want to tell you but I dont know what to say. Im not even sure what real is anymore. I dont know who is real. I dont even know if I am real.
She stared at me blankly. What does that even mean, she squeaked at me. How in the hell is one dream messing you up this bad? Youre questioning reality, Aid! Thats not normal!
I know its not. Do you think I like being like this? I feel insane! And no one understands it. I dont even understand it. I sighed as I thought about Ethan and how distant we had been lately. Ethan doesnt even care.
Well Im sorry you think that. Maybe if you werent being so weird, he might be making a bigger effort.
With that comment, I snapped. That wasnt the reaction I had expected from her and usually she would say something alluring and comforting. She looked at me with a jealous scorn.  Alexa, you wanna know why I wont tell you anything?
Does it really matter why? she said viciously.
Because youre a lying sack of shit and I can see it all over your face. Good luck with Ryder, I spat at her. I got up from my seat and she grabbed my arm. Let go of me before I do something I regret. 
I left her sitting there soaking in the poison I left behind. She had just sat there wide eyed as I yelled at her. I felt alive after sticking up for myself. Though I wasnt exactly sure what I was sticking up for anymore. 

Chapter 12
Monday at school was uncomfortable and awkward. Alexa was still clearly pissed about my meltdown. Ryder ignored me in the halls and Ethan yelled at me when I walked in. My mind was on overload yet again and I felt myself feeling excited to go to see Mr. Keitz.  I was a mess and I knew it.
The visit with him went well for once. I still hadnt brought up the mental institution but I told him about my new suspicions with Alexa. He had snickered at me as I jealously ranted about Ethan and then again about Ryder. He told me to do what I thought was best for me and I was beginning to wonder exactly what that was now.
After being alone for most of the day, I decided to sit alone in the parking lot. The teachers all assumed now that if I didnt show to class, I was just having another breakdown. I sat on my car and sat against the windshield. I looked up at the clouds and smiled.
Wow, you are some kind of rebel now, huh, Ryder said as he jumped up onto the hood with me. 
What do you want?
I saw you sitting alone from my class. Just thought Id keep you company, he said.Arent you cold?
I rolled my eyes at him. For what? Youve been ignoring me all day with Ethan and your dumb girlfriend. I ignored his comment about the temperature. Honestly I was too numb to be cold.
Excuse me?
You, Ethan and Alexa have been pissed at me all day. Im sorry that me and Alexa got in a fight last night but she is a damn liar!
Whoa, I didnt know anything about this fight. I was in a hurry this morning. Running late like usual, not mad. And what is your sudden deal with Alexa being my girlfriend? Shes nice and all but not my type.
Come on Ryder, she told me. You guys dont have to pretend around me and Ethan. Youre both being dumb.
He looked at me and shook his head. Please tell me youre not that stupid!
What the hell is that even supposed to mean? Im not stupid! Youre the jackass that keeps lying! I yelled.
Jesus, Aid! You are a complete idiot if you dont see whats really going on! he yelled back.
I get it. She told me not to talk to you guys about this yet. You want your privacy or whatever.
Holy shit! he said loudly as he combed his hand through his hair. Shes fucking your boyfriend! Im sorry, Aid. I was hoping youd figure this out on your own but I cant take it anymore. Youre so much better than this and I cant keep watching you lose your mind.
I looked at him completely baffled. The tears lined my eyes as I thought of them. Oh my God, I managed to say as the vomit rose to my mouth. I had known all along. It made perfect sense: The alienation by both of them, the fighting between Ethan and I, and especially Ryder making all of the secret passes at me. Everything made sense now. How long, Ryder?
How long, he paused. Uh, I really dont think you want to know that.
How long has this been going on, I yelled through clenched teeth.
Since summer.
I gagged, Youve got to be kidding me!
Wish I was.
At this point I was fuming. She lied right to my face and made it sound like everything had been about Ryder, when in reality she had been talking about Ethan. My Ethan. I cant even believe this, I admitted as the tears began to spill over.
I tried to tell him that he needed to talk to you about this. I gave him his chance and he didnt take it. He may be my friend but this is crossing a line and I cant be part of this lie anymore, he admitted
Thank you for being honest, I said trying to smile. Lets keep this conversation to ourselves. Ill give them one week to spill. If they dont come clean, things are going to get ugly. 
My mind was racing and I could only imagine the look in my eyes right now. Ryder looked terrified yet worry remained in his face. Without warning, I leaned over and put my lips on his. At first he hesitated but relaxed quickly into my lips. I felt his hand slowly tangle in my hair and he hungrily pulled me in closer. 
He was warm against my body and I wanted him. I didnt feel guilty that I was betraying Ethan. He and Alexa had been doing plenty of betraying for all of us. I felt an intense jolt and for the first time in weeks, I felt alive. He tasted sweet on my tongue. I couldnt help but smile against him. 
As our lips separated, a part of me snapped. The painful pulse in my heart was all that was left and I suddenly felt agonizing urge to get even. Ryder must have seen the change just as quickly as I felt it and he looked at me curiously.
Well I hope no one was paying attention to the window, Ryder chuckled, trying to avert my attention.
I really dont care if someone saw that, I said truthfully.
Its gonna be a little difficult for you to yell at Ethan for lying if anyone was.
True, I agreed. I hope he does tell me, just so I can slap him across that lying little face. What a piece of shit! 
You know you are really awkward when you hide things, right? So how exactly are you going to be around them both? 
Christmas break, I said simply.
Christmas break?
Christmas break, Ryder. Its in 2 days and it just so happens that I had a surprise for all of you. But considering the new found information and the events that I have now learned about, my surprise is now going to be my way of getting those two to admit what they have done.
And what exactly is the surprise, he asked with a smile.
So I told him about the call I got from my Aunt last weekend. She had asked me to stay at her lake house for the weekend to keep an eye on her little rat of a dog, Arie. Its not like she had to beg me; it was a beautiful lake house miles away from home, so I jumped at the opportunity. My only demand was that I got to bring a few friends over for the weekend. I failed to mention that two were going to be boys. She didnt even hesitate to say yes. She couldnt bear to leave poor Arie all alone for two days. 
Ryder made it a point to make sure I knew he was completely in on this idea and would be happy to accompany me on this adventure, no matter how horribly awkward we both knew it would be. It didnt take long for my mind to begin working on a plan to get Alexa and Ethan to agree to come. Considering the circumstances, neither could say no without looking suspicious. It took every fiber in my body not to beat the living hell out of both of them when I asked them to come. 
~
The last day of school before Christmas break came and went quickly. We all went home to get the rest of our stuff packed and I offered to pick everyone up. My first stop was Ethans house, which gave me the opportunity to make him drive and keep Alexa away from him. It was easy to make him the driver when I was still having horrible pain in my arm. I just had to tell him that I would be uncomfortable and he offered me the passenger seat.
Ryder was next on our pickup list. When we pulled up, he was slouching comfortably on the chair on his porch, eyes closed and his head leaning against the back. We rolled up his driveway and his eyes shot open. The car wasnt even completely stopped when he jumped in the back seat. He shot me a crooked smile that lit up his eyes. I smiled deeply back and Ethan looked at me curiously. He must be getting the usual cheaters paranoia. 
Alexa was last on the list, and for good reason. This gave her no choice about where she sat. When she got into the car, I could see the anger marring her face. She was obviously pissed at me about the fight still. To make the vacation a little more vacation like, I swallowed my pride and apologized to her in front of the car audience. Whether it was genuine or not, didnt really matter, but she believed the apology was. 
After the heart-felt apology, everyone seemed to relax and a sickening ease plagued my car. Since hearing the truth about those two, comfort was the last thing I wanted them to feel. Ryders eyes met mine and he mustve felt the same. Being the way Ryder is, he dove right into the most uncomfortable situation he could possibly muster. This also gave me a chance to make Alexa and Ethan even more uncomfortable. Since Alexa had told me she was seeing Ryder, he made his first fake boyfriend pass at her.
So, how was school, he said smiling widely. 
He actually looked interested and yet played secret lover toward me and Ethan perfectly. Her eyes widened at his sudden question. She was now faced with a hilarious dilemma; first that she had told me that they had a secret relationship, and second that she was really with Ethan and wouldnt want to piss him off. I could see her weighing her options in her silence. Ethan looked back at her and I saw him give her this look that he had once given me often. 
The fact that he was now looking at her with similar adoration that he had with me, really tossed me off of the edge. I leaned over quickly and kissed Ethan tenderly on his cheek. That pushed Alexa to make her decision and she smiled at Ryder, It went okay. Uneventful mostly. 
He looked at her with a sudden adoration and I had to hold back a laugh. Im really glad we all get to go together. We dont get to do stuff like this much. He was on a mission to push this as far as he could without giving us away.
She looked at him both confused and slightly terrified. We all knew that Alexa and Ryder talked very little without Ethan and I around. I could see the wheels turning in her mind and fear began to distort her face. She thought he actually liked her. Ethan on the other hand was tense and his jaw clenched tightly. I could see the anger seething off of him. I turned to smile at them both and Alexa looked awkward and uncomfortable. I was having trouble repressing the smile that was lurking in my mind. 
As Ryder and Alexa began to get more comfortable and deeper in conversation, Ethans body grew more rigid. I entwined my fingers with his and smiled over at him. Yesterday, I would have felt that jolt of excitement through my body as our skin met, but after knowing what I did, my stomach churned violently. My mouth began to water and I held back a gag. 
Ive really missed you, I choked out as smoothly as possible and forced another loving grin. 
I know. Im sorry Ive been so busy. Ive missed you too, he said through gritted teeth. I could see Ryders body moving closer to Alexa and his hand was resting softly on her knee. Had I not known he was acting, I would have been pissed too.
Its okay. Im just tired of fighting about my dream and in general really. Im not going to bring it up again. I dont even have it anymore.
Good, because you were really starting to worry me with that nonsense, he said softly.
I leaned over and kissed him on his cheek. Alexa tensed up quickly and her eyes began to well up. Even knowing she was screwing my boyfriend, she was actually going to have the nerve to cry in my car. Oh Alexa, whats wrong with your eyes? You look like you might cry, I said to her with a little too much sarcasm. Ryder shot me an instant look of disapproval. 
Just got something in it, no big deal, she said as she quickly wiped away the tears.
After that, the car grew silent once again. The anger of simply being around them made my blood boil beneath my skin. My thoughts drifted as I stared out the passenger side window. The trees began to melt together in an agonizing blur. 
I slowly began to nod off and I dreamt in strange flashes. It came at me like photographs. I saw Alexa and Ethan together many times and also flashes of all of us. We were all happy and smiling but the images flipped through fast and they quickly turned to anger and pain. All I could see was panic and death.
~
I woke up in a cold sweat as I felt my body jerk to one side. My heart was beating quickly. I wasnt even sure what exactly I had seen but what I did know was that it wasnt good. 	Wake up, Aid. We just pulled in to your Aunts, Ethan said.
I didnt say anything back. I looked away quickly to hide the alarm on my face. I couldnt comprehend what that dream meant but it was gruesome. I had never had violent impulses, nor had I ever wanted to hurt someone but looking at Ethan made me want to strangle him. I wondered if the dream was just a manifestation of my anger but I didnt know.
When he pulled up to the driveway and the car jerked to a stop, I quickly flung the passenger door open. Wow, someones in a hurry, Alexa said under her breath.
I poked my head back into the car and looked at her angrily. Youre more than welcome to walk home if you dont want to be here, I snapped. I apologized once. If that wasnt good enough for you, then you have my permission to fuck off!
Her eyes widened at me and Ryders mouth hung open at me in disbelief. I didnt give her the chance to say anything back because I knew I might physically harm her if she said the wrong thing to me. Give me a minute with her guys, Ryder said to them.
I felt his hands wrap around my wrist and he jerked me to the side of the house for privacy. What, I said as he gave me a chastising look. 
What the hell was that? he hissed.
She betrayed me, Ryder! She cant even look me in the eyes and come clean to me. And then, she had the damn nerve to almost cry in my mothers car and make snide remarks at me!
Aid, I know this is hard but if you cant play this right, she wont open up to you.
I dont care anymore. Shes as good as dead to me anyways, I snarled back.
Oh come on, hes a huge douche and not worth throwing away a friendship for. Youve been friends with her most of your life. Dont be a dumbass. Shes gonna figure it out too and neither of you will want him, he said smiling.
Doubtful.
Just play this calm and I promise you, she will come to you. She will feel bad and say something.
Again, doubtful.
Just breathe, he said to me calmly. You know, you are insanely adorable when youre pissed.  
The anger Alexa had just caused slowly melted away and I smiled up at him. I never pegged Ryder as a nice or romantic guy, but I was starting to think his usual behavior was all an act. 
We should probably get back. They are going to wonder whats going on, I mumbled softly.
We walked back out from the side of the house and I went straight to the car. Even after the talk I had with Ryder, I still didnt want to talk to Alexa yet. I was pissed enough at her. I grabbed my bag from the trunk and stalked into the house. Alexa came in behind me and I could hear the boys talking outside. It wasnt hard to figure out Ethan was mad by the tone of his voice. I opened the guest room window so I could hear them better. I sat down on the bed and enjoyed the show.
What the hell do you think youre doing, man, Ethan snapped.
What do you mean, Ethan, Ryder asked innocently. 
Youve been hitting on my girlfriend all day.
Which one, he retaliated. 
I had never heard such raw emotion in Ryders voice. He was mad and it was because he knew I was hurt. I smiled to myself at the realization.
Dont get smart with me. You know what Im talking about and I swear if you ever put your hands on Alexa again, Ill kill you myself.
So does that mean Aidriana is fair game then, he smirked. Be fair and tell her, or I will.
Shell figure it out, bro. Although she must be dumber than I thought because I thought for sure she wouldve figured it out by now.
Youre an asshole, dude. That girl is so much better that you.
Ethans grin suddenly shifted and he looked at Ryder with surprise. You want her. Youve always wanted her. I shouldve known when you spent most of your time talking about her with me. Go ahead and have my sloppy seconds. Trust me, I dont care anymore.
A single tear fell down my cheek as those words effortlessly rolled off of his tongue. The nausea overwhelmed my body and I ran to the bathroom. Tears flowed from my eyes as I emptied my stomach contents into the porcelain bowl. I had been sure that this was as bitter as I could get, but I was dead wrong. My demons were slowly taking over and my mind was becoming a puppet to the devil lurking inside. 
I lay alone on the bed in the guest room and hugged my knees to my chest. Nothing compared to the fetal position when I felt like this. I cried myself to exhaustion and the familiar darkness embraced me again.

Chapter 13
I woke to the tender touch of hands stroking my hair. I had lost myself in the dream yet again, and found myself staring into the same beautiful hazel eyes. Ryder smiled his innocent grin and gently ran his finger down my cheek. 
Youve been crying, he states.
I wiped my eyes and felt the dried tears and mascara plastered onto my skin. I was listening to you and Ethan talking. How long was I asleep?
An hour, he said softly. You were dreaming again. You dont sleep very soundly.
I looked at him and sadness griped onto me. I know, I managed to whisper back.
My offer still stands. I know you dont want to talk but I will listen if you want me to. I can tell there is more that you arent telling me.
Ill get there. I just need to wrap my head around this first, I sighed heavily. Where is Ethan by the way?
I heard the door creak behind me and I swung my head back to see who was there. It was Alexa and I was not enthused to see her at all. I turned back around and look at Ryder. He got up and strode past her, not saying a word. I heard her walking toward me and I shuddered. This is supposed to be my vacation and the two people I thought I loved the most in my life, were completely ruining it for me. She sat down on the bed, keeping her eyes straight ahead. She looked uncomfortable and strained. 
Whats going on with you, Aid, she asked softly.
It was becoming clear to me that she didnt have a clue that I knew anything. This was my chance to act with her and I was determined to do it well. Im overwhelmed. The dreams arent gone. I dont want to dwell on it anymore but its consuming me, I answered softly back.
You told Ethan they were gone. I heard you in the car.
I know what I said. I dont want to lose him over this. Its obvious that no one understands and I just want to drop it. I want to forget it ever happened.
She stifled a smile at me. The force she put into it was staggering. I did the same and the uncertainty creeps into her eyes. I miss hanging out, Aid.
I do too, but, I paused and looked sadly at her. You havent really been available to do much.
I know. Im sorry. I watched her turn away from me and I knew that I was getting to her. 
I understand. Its new and youre testing the relationship. I get that. I did it too. I was finding it harder as the seconds went by to contain my anger. I wanted nothing more than to slap her across her face. But you cant expect me to have time to talk to you about much when I see you between classes and thats all. Youve been distant since you found out about the tumor and really havent even confided in me at all.
Im sorry, she stuttered softly. 
I realized then that the only thing that was going to get her to spill to me was to make her guilty. She was cracking under it already and I hadnt even started yet.
You didnt even tell me about your tumor until the day before you found out! Im supposed to be your best friend, Alexa! Youve always told me everything and now all of a sudden, Im not good enough to share with?
Aid, you know thats not true!
Then what is true? Youre still hiding something from me. Ive seen it on your face since our lunch the other day. You think me hiding my stupid nightmare is bad? What youre hiding is so much worse. Youre face is screaming it right now! I hissed.
Please, Aid, lets enjoy this vacation and when we get home, I swear I will tell you. I dont know how you always know I am hiding something, but I am not ruining this trip for everyone.
That bad, huh?
Lets just drop it, please. Drop me off last and we will talk.
So I did drop it. That was enough for me and I acted like I didnt know what she was going to tell me. I wanted to enjoy this. I wanted to have fun here and pretend like everything was normal. I hugged her tightly and sighed. Fine. When we get home then.
We walked out of the room and found the boys sitting on the couch. They were silent and looked uncomfortable with each other after their little argument. The weather was softly playing on the TV. I frowned at it as I saw the little snow flakes and the low temperatures on the screen.
The snow is coming in quick, Ryder grumbled.
It is Christmas break. I think we all knew it was coming at some point in the next week, I said laughing.
Yeah but were gonna get a damn blizzard and end up stuck here through Christmas, Ethan argued.
If it gets that bad then well leave early. Itll be fine. Can we please just enjoy this, I said irritated. He definitely didnt want to be here and it was becoming more and more clear. 
We all decided it would be fun to play poker. That lasted for a few hours and we each threw in ten dollars so wed have a little more incentive for healthy competition. It always made it much more intense because everyone would just mess around if there wasnt a prize. I always found it hilarious to watch how vicious Ryder and Ethan got in Texas Hold Em. They were like tigers fighting over a piece of meat. 
I, on the other hand, was silent and watched everyone. It was my way of picking up on all of their signs. My demeanor never changed and none of them could figure out what I was going to do next. Alexa was the worst of us all. She got really giggly and her good hands always showed on her face. The problem with her good hands was that most of the time, they werent that good.  When she was bluffing, she would just giggle and that always gave her away.
Ethan wasnt so easy when it came to knowing if he had a good hand but he did have a tendency to make a lot of random smart ass comments toward Ryder when he did. When he was lying through his teeth, he would always touch his face. The best thing about him was he had no idea he was doing it because I could always count on that sign.
Ryder was the hardest to figure out. Like his personality, he was very unpredictable. I could never tell with him and I liked that because none of them could with me either. Occasionally, Ryders right shoulder would twitch and it was only when he was bluffing. That only happened sometimes though and it was unreliable. 
After two hours, Alexa had been the first to lose. We all knew she would be and I smirked when she threw down her last cards in defeat. We cant all win, Ryder said smiling at her. I wanted to give him a high five for continuing to make those two uncomfortable even after getting his ass chewed by my dumbass boyfriend.
Nope, I suppose youre right, she laughed and then smiled back. I then heard a loud thump under the table and Ryder smiled at Ethan in pain. 
Sorry, man, my foot slipped, Ethan snarled at Ryder. 
No big deal. Your foot must be trying to take out the future winner of the forty dollars, Ryder barked back through clenched teeth. 
Enough boys. I think we all know that the only one winning here is going to be me, I said smiling sweetly at them both. Ryder laughed loudly and Ethan rolled his eyes at me. Dont you roll your eyes at me, Ethan.
He didnt say anything back but sighed loudly. His attention on the game wasnt kept for long and after another ten minutes, I could see the glossed over look on his face. His eyes wandered around the room over to Alexa every few seconds. He wanted nothing to do with this game or me. The realization didnt make me feel heartbroken; it just filled me with a bitterness I had never experienced before. As I dealt the next hand, Alexa walked down the hall and I could hear her footsteps pounding against the stairs to the top floor.
Ethans eyes veered toward the stairs and I could tell that he was going to throw this game. He lifted his cards to make it seem as though he was really studying them. Had I not been watching him like a hawk, I never would have noticed it but he had never looked at his cards. I could feel my face getting hot as the anger boiled inside. 
I felt a light squeeze above my knee and I instantly snapped back into reality. My eyes met Ryders and calm melted over my aggravated mood. We checked all the way around until the final flip. All I had at this point was a pair of fours, which was not enough to bet much against either of them, but I saw what Ethan was doing. 
He pushed all of his chips into the middle and smiled as a four of clubs joined the other four cards in the middle of the table. He smiled widely, which didnt touch his eyes, and then scratched his face with the back of his hand. All in, he said confidently. 
My mind began to scream liar as I stared at his stack of chips in the middle. I didnt want to let him out of playing but I couldnt bring myself to let him win this hand when I knew mine was better than his. I had less chips but I pushed all of mine in too. Ryder looked over me with wide eyes, clearly confused at my call. 
Sorry guys, I have to fold this one, Ryder said softly, still looking at me quizzically. 
Well, what do you have, I snapped at Ethan. 
He set his cards on to the table, pair of ladies and a pair of tens.
I dropped my cards on the table and stood, You have got to be shitting me. You called all in on that hand, I yelled as my fours lay openly on the table. He smiled at the fours and this time it was a genuine one.
Nice, trip fours. I didnt think you had anything, he said cocking his head to the side.
Ryder kicked my foot under the table just enough to get my attention but not enough to make noise. I looked over at him and then looked back at Ethan. Yeah, guess you thought wrong. Good game, I said through gritted teeth. 
Yeah, it was. Im gonna go hang out upstairs while you two finish battling it out, he said nonchalantly. 
Yeah, okay, I said as calmly as possible. I gave Ryder a look and he just shook his head at me. Without saying another word, Ethan quickly walked from the room and I heard his footsteps up the stairs. Unbelievable.
Hes not going to tell you, Aid. You need to get Alexa to and I can already tell its not going to be easy. Who gives a shit what hes doing anyways. Hes not worthy of you, trust me. He smiled, clearly flirting with me.
And you are, I asked teasingly.
I think so, he said seriously. Id never do this to you.
I know. Youre just a closet sweetheart, arent you? 
We laughed and played the rest of the game. 
~
After another hour of playing cards with Ryder, I finally buried him with the winning hand and got the rest of the chips. I smiled at him with pride and he handed me the money from the pot.
Look at that, she finally wins, he joked.
Finally? You guys have only won against  me a few times and now that your partner in crime is too busy boning my best friend, you seem to have lost your edge a little, I said smiling at him fiercely. 
Damn you are just vicious lately. I like it.
I realized suddenly that the quiet footsteps above had ceased for over a half hour now. It was far too quiet so I stopped to listen.
Its awfully quiet up there, I whispered.
Ryder smiled again at my sudden concentration. So go check on them. Id have to say, there wont be any denying if you catch them in the act.
Good lord, Ryder! The last thing I want is to walk in on them doing anything. Ive kept my temper under control so far but that may just send me over the edge.
Ill come with you. Honestly, I dont think Alexa is stupid enough to pull something like that. Ethan is another story though.
And that is why I wouldnt put it past them! Ethan would and everyone knows it, I said irritated.
Can I be honest with you?
I would hope so, I smirked.
You know what I mean, Aid, Ryder said while rolling his eyes. I guess I never got why you picked him. He was never right for you.
I thought for a moment and said the only thing I could think of. I guess love really is blind. Tears suddenly rimmed my eyes as I thought about the relationship I had thought I had with Ethan. He was the first real relationship I had and it turned out, it wasnt as real as I had thought.
Whoa, dont cry!
That is when I lost it yet again. Tears poured down my face as I was hit hard by all of the lies and betrayal. It was suffocating to hold this in as long as I had. The nausea stirred in my stomach as my mind raced around my thoughts. In that moment, I felt truly alone and the hurt that lay in my heart pulsed painfully against my chest.
Trust me, hes not worth those tears. He isnt even worth a lingering thought or even a glance from you. You are better than him and a million times better than her.
I tried to smile but all I could think about is the hurt of this loss. I shouldnt have let it bother me but I couldnt help thinking what it could have been or should have been.
I stood abruptly, wiped the tears from my face and strode toward the stairs. Ryder quickly followed behind but knew better than to say anything. The adrenaline pulsed through my veins. The beat quickened with every step closer.
As I walked quietly through the doorway to the living room upstairs, I froze. The soft sound of even breathing filled the darkness. I walked carefully toward the small desk lamp with only the slight flickering of the light playing from the TV. I clicked on the lamp and worked up enough courage to look at the couch. 
The two of them lay sleeping, hand in hand, and Alexas head rested against his shoulder. An instant fire raged inside of me. As I began to take a step forward, I felt the pressure of fingers wrapping around my wrist, which contained the anger just long enough for me to make a rational thought.
Just breathe, Ryder whispered softly. Leave them till morning. I want you to myself tonight anyways. 
I smiled at him gingerly as I laced my fingers in his. I looked over once more at the betrayal of my two best friends, sighed deeply, and then pulled Ryder toward the stairs.

Chapter 14
I blinked my eyes open sleepily. The sudden roll of fatigue set deep in my stomach. I was alone once more but my surroundings were not that which I had fallen asleep to. The warmth I should have felt radiating off of Ryder had disappeared. Overtaken by disappointment, I sighed heavily in defeat. I was back in the white room, shackled to my bed, completely alone.
I looked around helplessly, waiting for someone to save me from this nightmare. When no one came, the tears began to spill over. I didnt waste my energy trying to break free because I already knew it was impossible. I just lay there in my own self pity, wondering whether this was real and if it was what I had done to land myself in the position. 
After what seemed like several hours of lying alone, the small creak of the door finally screamed against the silence. I welcomed the harsh sound against my ears, only knowing that someone was finally coming to end my suffering of loneliness. I looked over stifling a grin toward the door.  I knew who would come through it, and for the first time, I was happy to see her. 
Ms. Kaitz poked her head around the door. She smiled widely at me when she realized my eyes were wide open and staring at the door. She walked in hesitantly with a wary look on her face. Aidriana, she questioned hopefully.
Ms. Kaitz, I answered her back.
Her face instantly lit up at my recognition of her. You still remember me. 
You have a very nagging way of sticking in my head, Ms. Kaitz.
I see your opposite personality is still intact, she noted.
What do you mean opposite?
Arianna was very quiet, not very opinionated, well blended, I suppose, in every way. She was smart and at the top of her class, but she lacked the most important trait. She didnt know how to cope with anything. She handled life stressors in a very destructive way. Lets just say, some really bad things happened to her and she didnt take them well at all.
I used to be like that, I admitted.
And what changed?
Something in my head, I tried to explain. It was like a switch. The moment Ryder told me Ethan was cheating; it was like a part of me snapped. I dont want people walking all over me.
So you know that your best friend is betraying you with your boyfriend. Anything else you have learned? she asked.
How could you possibly know about that? You know nothing about me.
I just do. So is that all youve learned that has bothered you?
Yes that is all that has happened in my life that is truly bothering me. Is there a point to that question?I never ask questions that wont possibly solve my problem, she said very seriously.
 The way she talked around my questions was really starting to get on my last nerve. She never truly answered any of my important questions.
You obviously believe you know something, so why dont you tell me, I said to her.
Ive already told you, I wont reveal much about Ariannas life, in the hope that you wont regress again. Youll find out soon enough and I hope I get to see you one more time before you reach what Im talking about. I didnt think I would ever make any progress with you.
I looked at her in disbelief. What does any of that even mean, I shouted.
Youll find out soon enough.
I found myself growing more frustrated with her. Why dont you just tell me something? I dont understand whats going on or what Im even waiting for.
Youll know, she said softly. The beeping on the monitor spiked quickly as my frustration grew. The anger always gets the best of you.
I suddenly felt a wave of rage. She was right. I was losing control of my temper very regularly. I had never had a short fuse before but something inside me had shifted and I was losing myself to something dark. I snorted at her in irritation. Right. 
Its getting you now.
No, I argued.
Im surprised you dont know what Im hiding yet. It seems so obvious to me from what youve shared.
I didnt understand what she meant though. I was so angry that the adrenaline in my blood began to pulse quickly to my heart. I could feel the heat radiating from my skin and lingering on my face. I was starting to panic at the way she was saying things to me. What if I didnt really want to know anymore? What if I really was living in a dream world and watching a version of my life that I had already lived? 
Why is this happening to me, I began to sob as the room around me swayed.
Because you want to remember your life, Arianna. Open your mind and you will.
~
I groggily opened my eyes to the bright sunlight beaming in through the sheer blinds. The satin sheets enveloped my body as I stretched slowly. I was back at my Aunts house and no longer trapped in that tortuous nightmare. I yawned widely, trying to wake myself up. My arm softly grazed something to the side of me and I quickly looked over to the lump on the bed. I was suddenly disappointed when I found Ethan lying next to me. 
I exhaled loudly as I rolled myself off of the bed. Being so close to him made me want to vomit. He began to stir as my feet touched the wooden floors. I got up as slowly as I could but the wood groaned beneath my weight. I rolled my eyes at myself, considering the thought that my boyfriend could sneak around with my best friend but I couldnt even sneak away from him.
I waited for him to wake abruptly and then ruin my day, but he stayed deep in his slumber. As I snuck out of the door, I quietly closed the door behind me. 
Going somewhere?
I spun around to see Alexa eyeing me in interest. Uh no, I was just trying not to wake him. I slowly grew more annoyed with her. Where is Ryder?
We slept on the floor upstairs. Hes still out cold. I dont even remember going to sleep. 
She looked terrible this morning. I knew Alexa better than anyone, and she never looked like this in the morning. She was pale and she had a few purple speckles on her face all around her eyes. Her hair was caked to her forehead and she looked like she had been sweating profusely all morning.
No offense, but you look like shit, Alexa. Are you sick or something?
No, Im fine. Just mustve eaten something bad, She lied badly. I noticed right away the deceit in her eyes.
I began to study her facial expressions, body language and movements. She moved awkwardly as she walked over to the living room. She hung her head low as she walked. As I studied her, I realized suddenly that not only was she hiding something, but she was ashamed of it. She sat down alone and didnt say a word.
Alexa, I said softly. What happened to you?
What do you mean, she asked quietly.
Youve changed, I said taking this chance to gain her trust again. I had to get her to open up. I was running out of time. 
So have you, she countered.
I realize that. Trust me, I do. I just dont understand where things went wrong. Ive always thought of you as my best friend. Youre practically like my sister, Alexa. I feel like we arent even friends anymore.
Thats because the last few weeks, we havent been.
I know, I sighed. I dont want it to be this way though.
Well neither do I, she said softly again. 
Her eyes still wandered, refusing to meet mine. She wrapped her arms protectively around her abdomen and I froze at the sight of the gesture.
Aidriana, Im in trouble, she finally said after a long pause.
Oh? It was all I could say to her. I already knew what her trouble was. I sat there in a panicked shock, trying to decide how I would act when the words actually came out of her mouth. I was stuck in an awkward autopilot. Whats wrong?
I really dont know how to say this. I never thought it would happen to me. Tears began to rim her eyes. I always laughed at people for this and now, Im just another stupid girl.
What did you do, Alexa?
Im pregnant, she said softly as she held her head down in shame. I looked at her in disgust, knowing that the child she carried was my boyfriends.
What the hell, I screamed. Are you stupid or just completely unable to make good and rational choices anymore? She stared at me in shock as I stewed in my own anger.
Please quiet down, she hissed. I havent told anyone but you. 
The next thing I knew, I was laughing violently at her. She hadnt told Ethan yet and I knew just as well as she did, that he wasnt going to be happy about this. I slowly regained my composure and began to play dumb about the situation.
So when are you going to tell Ryder? I asked.
She took in a deep breath and sighed loudly, Im not.
No?
No, theres no need to tell him. 
And here came round two. She was in the perfect mood to spill everything.
Hes the father! He has every right to know!
But hes not, Aidriana. I have never dated Ryder, let alone slept with him, she admitted.
So then who the fuck is the dad, I questioned through clenched teeth.
The tears spilled over her eyes on to her blushed cheeks. Im so sorry, Aid. This is all just a big mistake.
What are you talking about?
I never meant for this to happen! I wanted to end it so many times. I knew it was wrong and now Im paying the price, she sobbed uncontrollably. 
Stop giving me the run around and just get to the damn point. 
I needed to hear her say this more than ever now.
I dont want you to hate me, even though I deserve much worse. I gave her a stern look and waited without saying another word. Aidriana, I have been seeing Ethan for months.
Before I even had time to process the words that she had said, my hand was connecting with her face. The loud crack of my open hand against her cheek echoed against the walls. How fucking dare you! How could you be such a backstabbing bitch? Im supposed to be your best friend, I yelled at her. I got up and began to stomp away. I suddenly stopped and turned toward her. You tell him, or I will. You have until tomorrow. And just so you know, Ive known for weeks. Keep your mouth shut about this with Ethan. As far as hes concerned with you I know nothing or I promise you, I will make your life a living hell. 
She sat there with her hand held to her face, crying frantically. I walked away quickly before I had the chance to feel any pity for her. Granted, my best friend was pregnant and still in high school, but her actions had made most of that null and void in my mind. I walked angrily toward the top floor, in desperate search for the only person here that could attempt to comfort me.
I found Ryder sprawled out on the living room floor, in nothing but his boxer briefs. I laughed to myself in awe of his adorable vulnerability as he slept unaware of his surroundings. I slowly lowered myself to my knees and crawled quietly over to him, afraid I would wake him from such peace. I sat next to him, trying not to disrupt him for what seemed like hours. The soft intake and exhales of his breath began to lull me to sleep. And then there was nothing.

Chapter 15
I woke in a startled panic as I noticed a soft caress on my face. My eyes met the familiar hazel I was growing so accustom to.
Did you sleep like that all night?
No, I said with a scowl.
Well, clearly you are pissed off so why dont you share with me, he said. He smiled widely trying to break the tension.
Well she finally told me, I said.
So then whats the problem? Isnt that what you wanted? Ryder asked.
Yeah, but then she shared more with me.
Jesus, what the hell could be worse than admitting to your best friend that youve been sleeping with her boyfriend? And then his eyes widened as it must have dawned on him. It seemed so easy for him to see it just by the hatred in my eyes. Oh shit! She didnt! She isnt right?
Oh, contraire, my friend. She did and she is.
Does he know yet? he asked.
What do you think?
Good point, it is far too quiet in this place for him to have found something like that out.
I never made a point but true. Its like youre always inside of my head or something.
He laughed at my comment. So what are you going to do now?
I gave her until we leave tomorrow to tell him or I told her I will.
Wow, cold hearted, he said smiling. I like the new wont take no shit Aidriana.
At least someone likes it, I said a little flirtatiously. 
Then all hell broke loose beneath us. I could hear the unmistakable anger and panic in Ethans voice. He was yelling at her. All you could hear from Alexa was drawn out sobs and dramatic sniffs.
Looks like the baby is out of the bag, he laughed to himself.
Oh my lord, you are so lame, I grinned at his horrible attempt to be funny. Well, Im gonna go ahead and assume that this trip is pretty much over now. 
Clearly.
I watched Ryder get up and grab his jeans. He pulled them on quickly and fumbled with his belt. He seemed to be panicking more as the situation below sounded like it was escalading. I then heard the familiar sound of a hand colliding with skin. Both Ryder and I were wide eyed and bolting down the stairs. Alexa lay awkwardly against the wall, hand cradling her cheek yet again, and tears smeared across her paled face. Ethan towered over her, dismay and fiery evident on his face. 
Ryder came at Ethan with eyes blazing. What the hell is going on down here?
None of either of your concern, he spat. 
Not my concern! Last time I checked, I was still your girlfriend!
Stay out of this, Aid.
Did you hit her, I screamed at him.
Seriously, drop it, Aidriana.
That was enough. I refused to let this cheating asshole talk to me like that. And much like many other parts of my personality, another snapped into oblivion. The anger inside of me smoldered the barrier I had always had and I wouldnt take another second of it. 
Before anyone else had the chance to react, I put all of my body weight forward and swung my fist into Ethans jaw. He instantly lost his footing and his head went careening toward the wall. As it slammed against the wood, a smile crept onto my face. He crumpled to the floor and took a similar stance next to Alexa. 
Talk to me like that again, shit head, and I promise you, Ill do much worse, I bellowed in animosity. 
Being the only voice of reason, Ryder carefully caressed my face and smiled. Calm down, sweetheart. 
Both Ethan and Alexa gazed at us in curiosity and confusion. What the hell is this, Ethan questioned wildly.
Cut the shit! You and I both know our relationship has been over for a long time now. If anyone has the right to be pissed, its me, not you, I seethed. Unlike you, I have never had sex with your best friend. Now both of you get off of this floor and pack your shit. We are leaving, before I lose my temper.
~
Getting back home couldnt have come soon enough. The ride was so silent that I felt awkward even breathing. Alexas unchanging face screamed sorrow and regret. As I sat in my room again, numb and unfeeling, I wondered if this year could possibly get any worse. I had a strange yet nagging feeling that my life was going to change much more than it had and Id probably never come back up from it.
The weeks began to roll together as the school year was growing closer to its end. By the middle of April, Alexa had stopped wearing her skin clinging clothing and moved to a more relaxed fit to hide the weight gain. Her and Ethan were inseparable, but in a dangerously destructive way. Even in my avoidance, I still managed to witness several of the arguments and constant bickering.
Ryder clung to me at school. A constant look of worry remained evident in his eyes after our trip to my Aunts lake house. He really pushed for me to see Mr. Keitz more often after my knowledge of the baby. I didnt argue with him over the matter because I knew more than anyone that I needed to go. I even began going to see him when I wasnt scheduled to and I could tell that Mr. Keitz was becoming more concerned as my visits were growing more frequent. 
Shortly after school started, I knocked softly on his office door. Mr. Keitz stuck his head out of the door and forced a smile. I did the same because we both knew things were just getting worse and that piece by piece, my personality was drastically changing.
So what brings you to visit today, Aidriana? I dont believe we were scheduled to meet today. 
No, youre right. Im not scheduled for an appointment, but I need to talk to someone.
What about exactly? I thought we covered everything new yesterday. 
Mr. Keitz, I have been arguing with myself over sharing this with you for months now. I feel like I can really trust you and would like to get some input from you, I finally said after a long pause.
Aidriana, I have to reiterate how important it is to be open about everything, he overly articulated. If you continue to hide things from me, I cant fully help you. Do you understand that?
Yes, I do understand, but this isnt exactly what I would consider sane. Trust me, I have no intentions of ending up in an insane asylum again, I shuddered. 
What exactly do you mean, again, he questioned me, clearly confused.
Thats just it! I keep having these strange blackouts. I told you about them very briefly before. When I wake back up, Im not me and Im not here anymore.
Youre not you, he asked. I guess I dont understand what you mean by that.
Nothing there is me, I explained. I dont have the same name or parents or even the same face. Everyone has another name. All of my friends are dead, I mumbled.
I see, he managed to say after a drawn out pause. And do you believe that this life isnt real?
Now it was my turn to think. I wasnt sure what I thought anymore. Sometimes, I admitted.
And your nightmares, what of those?
I dont have it anymore.
So is it possible that the new situation is just another nightmare?
I guess it is possible, I said softly.
Isnt it also possible that it may feel like this life isnt real because maybe you wish it wasnt?
Trust me; Id rather be dealing with this shit than being strapped to a bed on constant watch by a mental hospital.
Okay, so again, Im confused. What are you talking about with the mental hospital? Nothing in your record shows unusual mental health or behavioral issues. Only someone that is extremely mentally ill would end up in a program such as the one you explained to me.
Exactly! I have never had an issue, in this life anyways.
So youre telling me that you are in a mental institution in this other life?
Right, but why Im there, Im not really sure, I also admitted. The counselor there wont tell me anything because she says I cant handle it. She also says that Ive met her several times before but my mind regresses and I come back here to the life I wish I had back.
So basically, youre saying that youve lived this once already?
Yeah, I guess you could look at it that way. She said she knew about Ethan and Alexa and that things were going to get worse. Quite obviously things have. I dont think Im to the worst of it yet though.
What else have you heard or seen during these blackouts, he asked enthralled.
Ms. Kaitz showed me a picture of myself. Nothing is the same about me, accept for my eyes.
Nothing but your eyes, he asked. He looked somewhat overwhelmed, much like I felt most of the time now. Wait, did you just say your counselors name is Ms. Kaitz?
Yes to both of your questions, I sighed. Lately, I just feel like Im constantly talking to myself when Im having conversations with other people. Its like everyone knows exactly what Im thinking.
That would make sense to feel that way if you believe you may be living in a fantasy in your own mind, he tried to rationalize. We sat in silence for a moment and then heard a wrap on the door. He stood up, said nothing, and poked his head out of the door. Aidriana, my next appointment is here. We will have to continue this the next time.
I nodded at him in understanding and stood up quickly. I walked out of the door nearly plowing Alexa over. Tears were running down her face and a faint bruise in the shape of a hand remained on her face. He was abusing her and all I could feel was a sharp pang of pity for her. I shook my head in disapproval at her and walked away.
~
From afar, Ryder and I watched what used to be two of the most important people in my life, self destructed before our eyes. Alexa came to school with more bruises and she was now losing unhealthy amounts of weight. Ethan was clearly miserable and constantly angry. He began fighting with anyone and everyone for any reason he could come up with. They both started missing school regularly.
I tried hard to just look the other way, but no matter how badly they had treated me, I didnt want them to ruin their lives. I especially didnt want Alexa to because I had known her most of my life. I hated to admit it but I loved her no less because of this.
I began to watch her more carefully as she lost more and more weight. By the end of April, the bruises on her body were noticeable to everyone. Her face was the worst. She had also lost so much that her clothes hung off of her. I wondered how her baby would survive when she was apparently abusing her unborn childs vessel. 
It wasnt until the first week in May, that my world came tumbling down on top of me once again. It took one phone call for time to stop. The strange thing was, I never got phone calls on my parents house phone but yet, here my mom was handing me the bulky cordless.
I looked at her with a silent but questioning stare of confusion. My right brow rose up alone quizzically and my mother mouthed Mandy to me. I sighed, dreading the conversation that was about to take place. Part of me was surprised that she hadnt gotten involved in the fight sooner. I put the phone up to my ear and the sound I heard filled my soul with dread.
The soft sound of whimpering and agony filled the background. I didnt even want to talk to her to find out what was going on but I forced out a response. Hello, I said awkwardly.
Aidriana, she asked softly.
Yeah, its me. An eerie tingling was present and the wispy hair s on the back of my neck rose. 
Could you please come to the house? I need to speak with you, she sniffled.
Um, was all I could manage to say back to her.
I know all about the situation thats been going on between you and Alexa. That really doesnt matter anymore. Please just come.
I agreed but only because of the tone in her voice. Something was wrong.

Chapter 16
Its amazing how the rest of the world keeps going, even when it feels as though your personal world couldnt go any further. As I looked into her blank eyes, I wondered why she would do this. I insisted on seeing her before they took her body. Part of me wished that I hadnt seen her at all. 
Mandy called me shortly after she found her. When the police got there, Mandy sat down uncomfortably at the table and waited to speak with the officer. Tears streamed down her face as she tried to keep her composure. She was doing much better than I ever expected any mother to do after something like this.
I sat in the hallway, emotionless, as they removed Alexa from her bedroom. There was blood smeared across her room and puddle on her wooden floor. I shuddered as I thought of her sitting there alone, crimson slowly decorating her room while she stammered around. The room looked like a massacre took place.
I slowly lost track of my sanity. As I stared into the bitter nothingness, I found myself looking at the ceiling of the white room. The shackles were, once again, tightly intact and the feeling of despair was overwhelming. The simple fact was, my best friend was gone and I was losing my mind. Much quicker than I could control it, my eminent mental breakdown finally hit me and tears trickled down my face. It wasnt until I heard her that I calmed from my meltdown of self pity.
 Dont cry, Ms. Kaitz crooned. 
I instantly stopped, and not because she had told me to, but because something about her was soothing and familiar. Though I had calmed drastically, I couldnt bring myself to actually say anything back to her yet. We sat in silence for several minutes and she patiently waited for me to say something back. The silence always seems to be too much for some people though.
I assume youre seeing things you dont particularly like now, she said very matter-of-factly. I nodded in agreeance but still didnt speak. I am also assuming that Alexa is no longer with you there. Even with the situation that took place, the alienation feels pointless now, correct?
I looked at her feeling a sudden flash of dj vu. Another part of me just felt like I was talking to myself again. She knew exactly how I felt. She always knew everything. I sadly wondered if this life really was just a coping mechanism. Regardless, my best friend wasnt with me in either life.
It was like a slaughter house, I whispered in tears. 
What do you mean?
There was blood everywhere. I dont understand how she could take her life that way when she was pregnant! That child never had a chance.
No, the baby didnt, but youll find out more soon enough. Has her mother given you Alexas diary?
I stared at her in confusion. Her comment scared me. I knew nothing of a diary that Alexa had kept. Um, no, I wasnt aware that she even had one, I said irritated. 
Oh, uh, sorry, she stammered. I shouldnt have asked a question like that.
Well considering you are either real or a complete figment of my imagination, maybe its better that you did. If Alexas mother gives me a diary, I may just have to consider my reality might not be exactly what I think it is, I said softly. 
Is that a small amount of acceptance I hear in your voice?
Do I really have any other choice in the matter? I mean this is either real or it isnt.
Ah, the depressed mind often leads us to absolutes. You sound so much like Ariana right now and much less like yourself for once.
I think I have every right to be a little depressed, I said angrily. My best friend just ripped her wrists apart and bled out all over her bedroom floor!
So you saw her?
Yes, and now I wish I hadnt. That is the last memory I have of her and thats going to be ingrained in my memory for the rest of my life! Her mother thought it necessary to invite me over after she found her mangled body. She also thought it necessary to invite me over before calling the police. Im not really sure what the hell she was thinking!
Shock makes people do stupid things, she said. And what happened with Ethan?
Im not really sure what the question is. I havent talked to him since my aunts house, I explained, shuddering at the memory. 
Ms. Kaitz jumped as her phone buzzed in her pocket. She grabbed the sleek, white phone and tapped on the screen. This is Dr. Patricia Kaitz, she said in a strong, professional tone. I stared at the device in her hand and laughed softly to myself. I had just used my cell phone not that long ago and it was far from his. Mine was much more bulky and flipped open. Touch screens were still expensive and they definitely werent paper thin. As I contemplated everything I saw here, I wondered what else was different. My heart began to beat faster and my skin tingled uncomfortably.
Aidriana, are you alright? she said as she set her phone down. 
What the hell is that thing? I choked out as I pointed shakily at her phone. 
Oh, this old thing? Its just android phone, she said nonchalantly.
What year is it, I blurted frantically. 
Sweetie, that probably isnt a good idea, she warned. Heres a better question, what year do you think it is?
Its the beginning of 2006. Its still only April.
Its probably a better idea to stick to that answer.
What is the damn year, Patricia? I yelled. The sweat began to bead on my forehead and the tingling intensified as my heart raced.
Im sorry, youre not ready to hear that. Youre heart says it all and from the sounds of it, you will be leaving here very soon anyways, she said softly as she listened to my heart monitor.
This is bullshit! If you think for a second that you are helping me, youre highly mistaken! I hate this place! I screamed at her. 
That may be true, but the truth will resurface.
I stared at her angrily as my skin prickled. I could feel the fire inside igniting and the agony intensified. Real or not, I couldnt understand how anyone could put another human being through this. Yet, here I was, feeling the liquid flame pulsing through my veins as she watched me so serenely.
~
I woke gasping for breath, still feeling the discomfort of my heart almost exploding out of my delicate chest. My eyes instantly went to the dirty crimson stains that marred Alexas room. The nausea hit me instantly and the vomit rose quickly to my mouth. I gripped my face and ran to the bathroom.
After releasing my lunch all over Mandys bathroom and then trying to clean my mess without vomiting again, I made my way to the kitchen. Mandy was sitting with a familiar look of bitterness and anguish on her lightly aged face, pain shown darkly in her eyes as she looked up through her lashes at me.
I thought you left, she said quietly. Im glad you didnt. Id like to talk with you.
I looked at her timidly and pulled the chair up next to the kitchen table. The silence between us was excruciating. I wanted to bold out of the room and get away from the entire situation but my body remained frozen. Mandy looked at me and tried to smile. The frustration blazed in her eyes.
So, I said awkwardly.
She still stayed silent for a moment and I noticed she was gripping a small crimson notebook. She looked at me sadly and revealed the small book more openly. I gasped at her with more of an emphasis than I had planned but only because I knew right away what the tiny red book was. 
I havent read it, she admitted softly. I dont plan to. Right now, the image of my daughter has already been horrifically compromised. I will not add anymore to my tarnished memory of her than she has already added herself. I frowned at her, knowing that the pain she felt was a cruel multiplication of my own. I know that Ethan and Alexa had a relationship and that it hurt you deeply by her betrayal. I also know that she truly, completely and eternally regretted it. That much I know for certain. 
But she was, I began. She instantly cut me off and held her hand up toward me.
If there is any more to the story, I dont want to know about it. Just keep it to yourself. Please, do not make me think any less of her than I already do. This is heart break is enough.
I stared at her enthralled. She had no idea about the baby and I was also positive that she didnt know about the destructive abuse in her daughters relationship with Ethan. Okay, I can understand and accept that, I said a little sarcastically.
Aidriana, please, be respectful. My daughter is dead. At least have the decency to be considerate of my wishes, whether you agree with them or not.
Fine, I said annoyed.
I want you to take this, she said as she pushed the diary toward me. Please, read it. I think she wouldve wanted you to.
She hated me! I spat.
Trust me, she didnt. Youre a very smart girl, sweetie. I think you already knew that she didnt.
I looked at her morosely as I cradled the journal against my chest. A single tear rolled down my face and I stood up abruptly. Thank you, Mandy. I will read it. Id love to stay and, ya know, chat, but I think I need to get out of here, I said awkwardly.
She didnt say another word to me. I just got up and needed to get out. My mind wandered toward the door, even though my body seemed to be suspended next to Mandy. I had managed to get out of my chair but I felt like I couldnt move. She looked at me, concerned at the very least, and waited patiently to let myself escape. After what seemed like hours, I turned away from her and booked it out of the front door. The diary called to me and all I wanted to do now was read it.

Chapter 17
I sat on my bedroom floor just staring at the death ridden book. Everything about this journal screamed pain and suffering. I had been staring at it for hours, but a large part of me couldnt bear to open the damn thing. I had a feeling that all it would accomplish would be to force more unwanted knowledge and guilt upon me. I could honestly say, I wasnt really sure how much more of it I could take.
The trance I was in was consuming until the startling creak of my door echoed in my ear. Katelyn stood in the doorway, empathy and distress radiating off of her. Somehow she mustve heard about Alexa. I instantly wished she wouldnt have come. 
Can I come in? she asked quietly.
I dont see why you couldnt, I answered back in a whisper. She moved slowly over to my bed, as if I were a wounded animal, and sat quietly on the edge. So, uh, how are your meetings going?
Ive been clean and sober for months, Aid, so Id say pretty well. But, thats not what I came in here to talk about. Nice try though, sis.
I figured, I said dryly.
Mandy called Mom earlier, she stated. Her voice cracked slightly as her eyes began to fill with tears. 
Not surprised at that either, I said emotionless.
Come on, Aidriana. Dont act like you dont care. She was your best friend. She just got done battling with a brain tumor and survived. Now she ended her own life! Shes gone forever! Swallow your pride a little and feel some pity for a girl that may as well have been our sister. I know youre not that cruel!
Katelyn, I dont think you understand how much more complicated this situation really is. I do pity her, for being stupid enough mutilate her body beyond repair. I fear that her soul may be lost or worse. I am sorry for her hardships. And I do care, regardless of the choices she made before this, but most of all, I feel sorry for everyone that is hurting or will hurt because of this. I pity everyone that will hurt because of all of her secrets and those who will miss an innocence that never even existed, I sighed deeply at my rant. I miss who I thought she was, but I dont miss who she ended up being. And youre right, Im not cruel, Im realistic.
She stared at me in disbelief. What I just said to her must have sounded cold and even heartless, but to me, it sounded perfectly rational.  Who are you? she yelled at me. Ive never heard you speak about anyone in such a cold manner, let alone someone you grew up with and care about! I cant even believe you!
Well, things change, I said to her.
Apparently, she said as she turned toward the door. She looked at me for a moment and her eyes glimmered in sadness. Let me know when my sister comes back.
I snorted at her comment. She knew nothing; just like the rest of the people I called my family and friends. Now that I was finally alone, I picked up the journal and flipped toward the end. I began shuffling through the dates so that I could truly know Alexa for who she had become. I hoped this was the way to figure her out.
The first entry that caught my eye was dated June 2, 2005. It was the first I had seen Ethans name mentioned. I shivered at the thought of reading anything about him but I needed the closure. I wanted to let go. I softly touched the page, sighed, and began to read the start of all of our problems.
~
June 2, 2005
What an interesting turn of events. My day at the mall turned out to be much more fun that I had ever planned on. I went alone just to go get some summer clothes and a new bathing suit. I havent really talked to Aid this summer but I was assuming that was because she was in a semi-new relationship.  I was walking to my next store when I saw Ethan. I was so excited because I instantly thought that meant I would get to hang out at the mall with Aid today. I had no doubt she was with him, but yet she wasnt. Unfortunately, the damage was done and I had already walked up to him. I kicked myself for even saying hi before I saw her first because now I was gonna be stuck in an awkward conversation with him and I hardly knew the guy. Surprisingly, talking to him wasnt awkward at all and we had a lot more in common than I ever would have suspected. We spent most of the day together and we talked about everything, including Aidriana. I was sad to hear him say that he wasnt as happy with her as he had hoped. They just dont have much privacy and their relationship seems to be an open book for the entire school to read. All of their business somehow gets around and even the teachers know they are dating. I feel so bad that he feels like that because Aid seems so happy with him. They havent been dating for very long but Aidriana has always had a hard time with things because of her interesting school situation. I am just happy to see her so happy for once. Just because shes freakishly smart shouldnt mean that she cant have the same experiences as everyone else! Its just nice to see her with someone and actually getting to have something normal for a change. I hope things work for her. I love her like my sister, but she already knows that.
~
I stared at the page and instantly felt like such an asshole. I remembered that day. I remembered him going to the mall and saying that he was going to have a guy day with Ryder. He had never mentioned hanging out with Alexa the entire day or the fact that Ryder had never even gone. Alexa had been the one to bring it up to me and it had started out so innocently. She was just trying to be friendly with my boyfriend so that things werent awkward for all of us. She just happened to fall for his bullshit the same way I had.
The next entry just proved that Alexa was a good friend and that Ethan was a guilty dog that deserved no less than another punch in his face. She hadnt started this like I had hoped, he had.
~
	
June 12, 2005
Ive been thrown for a loop. Im not sure how good Ethan actually is for Aid after all. Today at the beach, I ran into Ryder. He was flirting with some blonde girl and grinning like an idiot. I tried to walk past him without him noticing but the kid is like a psychic or something. It wouldnt have mattered if his back wouldve been turned away from me even, he still, somehow, would have known I was passing by. It wasnt until today though that I figured out why he always had a freakishly strange way of always knowing I was coming. After saying hey to me as bro-ishly as possible, only because he was trying to impress this butterface, (And I must say she looked good if only her face were covered),  he had to make it look like he was in no way interested in me. He then went on to mention that Ethan was here somewhere on the beach and then looked around me anxiously. He said, and I quote, Oh, I see Aidriana didnt join you today, thats too bad. Now the way it looks, hes being sarcastic like he always is, but there was something in his eyes that said otherwise. Even the tone in his voice was disappointed and honestly upset. He wanted her to be with me today. Even funnier, the blonde he had been hitting on seemed to have become completely invisible and obsolete to him he moment he mentioned her name. He said bye to me and sure shit enough, he walked away alone and left blonde boobs awkwardly alone with me. I looked at her, shook my head at her fake tan, and walked away without even a second glance. SO WEIRD! Ryder was totally in love with Aidriana and none of us even knew it. Even worse, his best friend snatched her up before he even got a chance with her. So then there is Ethan, strange situation #2. He came looking for me after he ran into Ryder and Ryder had kindly mentioned that I was here alone. He started out pretty normal but after about 15 minutes of chatting, he started flirting with me. Strike one. Then he started talking about not being happy with Aid again, which was not cool with me. Strike two. Last but not least, he leaned over and kissed me. Thats when I lost my temper. Strike three! Lets just say that he is going to have a mark from me slapping him. What a pig! I just dont know if I should say something to Aid or if I should just let it go. I dont think shell listen anyways. UGH! NOT COOL!
~
I remembered vividly asking him what had happened to his face that day and he lied to me! He had told me that someone had thrown a football and it had hit him on his cheek. At the time, I had no reason to suspect otherwise, but now it just seemed so disgustingly obvious. I skimmed through more of the book and found various entries about how their relationship began and how it quickly went downhill. 
She mentioned several times the promises he kept making her and that he said he was going to leave me so they could truly be together. Sadly for her, he never did leave me, I left him. The more I read, the harder it was getting to not feel horrible about everything. It was also becoming more apparent how mislead she really was and how pathetic their relationship had been. She had put up with so much from him, only to be used and abused by a man that didnt even care about her. 
She also wrote about me a lot. Surprisingly, they were never cruel thoughts but very loving and concerned ones. She was worried about me and said that my behavior was unusual and not of my character. She also said something changed about me and that she hardly knew who I was anymore.
The further I pushed through the crimson journal, the more depression and misery showed in her writing. I flipped through quickly until I hit April, which is when I noticed Alexa falling apart and began losing herself. 
~
April 1, 2006
What have I done? Its a sorrow inside I have never experienced before. My mind wanders and I cant concentrate on anything for very long. Its been one month, to the day, that I made the biggest mistake of my life. The small features of her face haunt my dreams. The sickening sound of the man removing her from my body lingers in my ears like a cruel song. I hate myself but even more, I hate him. The man I gave my heart to continues to abuse me to my core. My soul aches in the darkness that I cant find my way out of. How dare he force me to do this to our baby! The innocence inside of me was ripped from her safe haven and has joined God. I have never been a religious or spiritual person, but after that day, I pray that God has embraced my daughter, forgives me for my weaknesses, and punishes that bastard for putting my daughter and me through this. Had he not threatened my life, I would have run. I was scared and horribly weak though. The abortion was selfish but he would have killed her anyways. She entered this world, spotted black and blue, from all of the times he had hit me, kicked me, and punched me. I cant believe I havent been taken from this world yet considering the constant abuse and torture he is making me endure. Im not sure how much more of this I can take.
~
My eyes stung with tears. She had been starving herself out of guilt. She was falling apart out of pain and sorrow. Worst of all, I wasnt there for her. Several more entries spanned to her last one. Her final entry had todays date on it. A small smear of blood ran across the page. It was addressed to me. I gaped at the entry in confusion. She mustve written this while she was dying.
~
May 2, 2006
Aidriana,
I know my mother would never read this journal and that she will give it right to you. First and foremost, I want to say Im sorry for my betrayal of our friendship. I love you more than youll ever know. You have been like the sister I never had and Im so sorry. Since I know you well enough, there is no point in trying to explain why I am doing this because you already know. I can guarantee that you read every important thing I wrote and left the best for last. Dont pity me, know Im where I want to be and I am cradling my daughter in my new home. I have to believe that God is understanding and just. I also have to believe that He will forgive me for this and welcome me with open arms. As for you, Aid, you are different. Something evil is brewing inside of you and the last few months that I shared with the living, showed me just how worried I should be for you. You arent who you once were and darkness clouds your inner light. I pray you will forgive Ethan for his dark behavior but I already know you wont be able to. Let me just remind you that he will be judged one day and as much as I know you want it to be, it is NOT your job or place to do so. Look to Ryder to ground you and for support. I know he can be a huge tool at times, but the guys got great morale, whether hed like to admit it or not. I love you, Aid. Please be smart and rational! See you on the other side, sister.
Love always,
Alexandra Nicole Levado
P.S. Tell my mom that I love her and that Dad and I will be waiting for her. Tell her to live her life to the fullest and enjoy things and that when I see her again, I will explain everything. Most importantly, tell her that I am so sorry for putting her through this.
~
I set the blood smeared journal down and broke into a soft whimper. She needed help and I did nothing for her. I let her get abused by that worthless piece of shit for months because I was angry with her. I let her die.

Chapter 18
I sat silently with the envelope in my lap. Mandy held my left hand as the tears flowed down her delicate face. She appeared to have aged years just in the few days since Alexas death. She reeked of stale tobacco and alcohol lingered on her breath. 
Ryder sat awkwardly next to me. He was tense and kept a firm grip on my right hand. His eyes wandered toward me regularly taking worried yet cautious glances. Ethan was nowhere to be found and no one had heard from him since the day of her suicide. His unwillingness to even come to the mother of his deceased daughters funeral made me sick beyond any amount of words.  
As the crowd began to find their seats, I grew more anxious. Mandy broke into intense sobs every few minutes. Pastor John, Alexas religious teacher and fathers best friend, stood silently at his podium. His face was stricken with the same grief I saw on Mandys. 
Everyone grew silent as John began to move toward the microphone. The music stopped and the silence was horrifying. He took a deep and cleansing breath and tried to smile. It is nice to see so many familiar faces. The circumstances are unfortunate but Alexa always had a way to bring people together. Im glad she got one last chance to bring so many of us to the same place as we celebrate the life of Alexandra.
As he spoke about Alexas life, my mind drifted and I began to think of Ethan again. I didnt understand why he hadnt even shown up here. Why wasnt he mourning her death? I was so furious with him and all I wanted was for him to pay for the things he did to her.
~
When I felt a squeeze on my hand, my mind raced back to reality. I felt as though my sanity was unraveling. I looked at Ryder and tears sprung to my eyes. He pulled me to his chest and held me close. There was no need for words here. The act alone was enough. 
Whats the envelope for, he finally asked after a long period of silence.
Its for Mandy. Alexa left her a message in her journal. She wrote that she wanted me to tell her, but I think it will mean more if she sees that it was there.
Wait, Alexa left you a note in her diary?
Yeah, strange right?
When did she write it? he asked clearly interested. 
The day she died, I said softly. I think she was writing it while she was dying.
Thats messed up.
Yeah, it is. But Ill be back in a second. I just need to give this to her really quick.
I walked up to her timidly and tapped her shoulder. She hugged me quickly and smiled. How are you, sweetie.
Im doing okay. If you ever need me, just call okay. I know this has to be hard.
Thank you, Aidriana.
Uh, I thought you should have this, I said to her awkwardly as I handed her the envelope I had been holding. She looked at it curiously.
What is it?
Its a note to you. Just read it in a little while, okay?
She nodded at me in understanding and gently tucked the envelope into her black handbag. Thank you, she said sadly.
I smiled and walked back toward Ryder. We made our way out to the parking lot with the rest of the crowd and waited for them to take her body. Alexa had said she wanted to be cremated like her father after he had passed so Mandy wanted to respect her wishes. As the car pulled away, Mandy broke down again and some of her family carried her back into the comfort of the funeral home.
The rest of us were told to walk across the street to the lunch in. It was a very despairing walk to the other building filled with the moving sobs of the crowd. The light drops of rain stung my face in the unusually cold air. The grey clouds darkened the sky giving the day a grim tone. 
As we walked in the door of the lunch service building, the smell of fake flowers assaulted my nose. The revolting smell made my stomach roll and the bitterness from my stomach began to rise to my tongue. 
Did you just gag? Ryder said smiling.
The smell of fake flower perfume is apparently not good for me.
He laughed at me softly, once again trying to lessen the blow of this situation. We followed uniformly with the rest of the group to get our food. My stomach trembled as we got closer to the start of the line. I wasnt hungry but I knew I needed to eat something. I added a few items to my plate and sat down next to Ryder. I moved the food around in front of me and picked at it for nearly a half hour. 
Aid, maybe we should get going. You seem uncomfortable and youre getting a little pale, Ryder finally said as he grabbed the plastic fork out of my hand.
I just cant believe shes gone.
I know.
I stood up and turned toward the garbage. The next thing I knew, my left cheek was throbbing and my skin burned uncomfortably.
You little shit! Do you think this is some kind of sick joke? Mandy screamed at me as she shook the envelope I had given her in my face.
I stared at her in confusion as she lost it in front of everyone. What are you talking about?
Do you think Im stupid? She was my daughter dammit! Did you think I wouldnt notice that it wasnt her damn handwriting? She was distraught and flustered as she reamed me a new asshole. 
I dont understand, I said softly to her, still utterly confused.
I want you to get the hell out of here! How dare you do something like this to me!
I ran out of the lunch area as quickly as my legs would carry me. I could hear footsteps pounding behind me but I didnt care, I needed to get out there. I didnt even understand what had just happened. 
What the hell was that, Aid? Ryder yelled behind me. I stopped and swung my body back toward him. Tears ran down my face and the mark of Mandys hand stung sharply against my pink skin. She had openly slapped me in front of everyone. What was that? 
She said it wasnt her handwriting! I dont understand what she meant! It came straight from her diary, I said hysterically in a panic. Ryder, something is wrong with me!
Maybe it didnt look like her writing usually did. You said yourself that you thought she may have been writing it while she was dying. Isnt it possible that she mightve just been that far gone when she wrote it? he said to me trying to rationalize the situation.
There was blood all over the page. She bled to death so I can only assume that she had to have been writing it then.
Lets just go, youre shaking, he said softly. He wrapped his arms around me and we walked slowly to his car.
~
After the funeral, I stayed home closed in my room for days. On the third day, my phone began to buzz at me. I leaned over, expecting to see Ryders number but surprisingly I saw Ethans name instead. I decided I would let my voicemail get it and if he chose to, he could leave me a message. 
A minute later I heard the ring of a message. Now I was truly bewildered that he had left a message, let alone even called me. I quickly opened the phone up and played the message back.
Aidriana, Id really like to talk to you. Please, call me back. I realize you are angry with me but just give me a few minutes to explain. I really hope you call me back. I dropped my phone down on my bed and laughed. He sounded horribly pathetic and worthless. I had no intention of calling him back. I put my head back down on my pillow and drifted back off to sleep.
~
My eyes shot open as the banging on my door grew louder. I pulled my blanket off of my body and slumped out of bed. I slowly opened my door and my mother looked frantically at me. Aidriana, I need you to come upstairs.
Okay, what for?
There has been an accident.
What kind of accident? I asked slightly worried.
Just come upstairs and we will talk about it there, she quietly urged.
We walked together to the kitchen and I couldnt help but wonder why she couldnt just tell me down in my room. That was when I saw the officer standing distressfully in the dining area. His hands sat above his belt on his hip, one hand remained dangerously close to his pistol. He was a county cop and his face seemed fairly familiar, though I couldnt place how I would recognize him. I walked slowly into his view and a stern, aggravated look replaced the bored glaze he had been wearing only seconds ago.
Ms. Masters, can you take a seat please? the officer asked in a casual tone. The look on his face said otherwise though and this wasnt in any way a casual meeting. 
Sure? I said perplexed. Why exactly are you here?
We are looking for Ethan Reynold. His mother gave us your name, along with Ryder Ainsleys, and said you were friends of his. His vehicle was pulled from a river a few miles from here but his body wasnt in the car. The car door was ajar. Weve had a search party looking in a large radius around the location of the vehicle but there hasnt been any sign of him thus far.
I sat there frozen, just staring at him in shock. Oh my God, I said panicked. He called me hours ago and left me a message. I havent talked to him in weeks. I fell asleep and never bothered to call back.
I see, he said looking at me suspiciously. I was under the impression that Ethan was your boyfriend. You havent spoken to him in weeks?
No Sir. He must not have told his mother that we had a falling out a few months ago. We broke up over Christmas break, I explained. I purposely left out the fact that he had been dating Alexa and that me and Ryder were now together. I instantly realized how guilty we could both look in this situation.
Mr. Ainsley also mentioned not speaking to him in weeks. Is there anyone else that would have talked to him recently?
Not that I know of.
Okay, well if you hear anything, please call the department. He handed me a card with the departments number and his personal extension on it.
I will, of course, I said trying my hardest to smile. A large part of me was filled with dread and trepidation. Something about this situation was wrong. Some part of me knew they werent going to find Ethan for one, and he was dead for another.
As the officer left my house, relief instantly hit. I ran down to my room with my parents phone and dialed Ryders house number. It rang several times but there was no answer. My body instantly went back to the tense strain I felt moments ago. An overwhelming sense of guilt flooded my body and emotionally I began to shut down. I let my head fall to my pillow and almost instantly I fell into a deep and unforgiving sleep.
~
I woke with the jolting intensity of my nightmare screaming death at me. I wasnt quite sure what my dream had been about but there had definitely been blood. Lots of blood. And it was all over me, coating my hands and face, even my clothes.
My parents phone began ringing loudly on top of me. It was a number I didnt recognize but I answered it because it was more than likely for my mom. Hello, I said quietly.
Is Aidriana available? a familiar voice said.
Mr. Keitz?
Aidriana, where have you been in the past day?
Sleeping mostly. A cop came to speak to me hours ago about Ethan being missing. Its been a really off twenty-four hours, why, what happened?
Have you seen Ryder today?
No, I tried to call him after I found out about Ethan and him being missing, but he never answered.
He sighed loudly, Shit.
Mr. Keitz, what happened?
Aidriana, I dont know how to say this but there has been another accident.
Mr Keitz, what do you mean there has been another accident? I asked him. 
Sweetie, Ryders house caught fire. They think it started in his bedroom.
Oh my God! Where is he now? How is he doing?
Aidriana, he never made it out of the house. I instantly couldnt breathe. My body was frozen in a constricting paralysis. My mind swirled down the drain of insanity and I stared into the blank chasm that was my life. The white light burned at my core and I realized the restraints had found their way back around my wrists and ankles. I felt the soft touch of skin gently rest against my arm and panic boiled within.
Aidriana, youre safe. Just try to relax for me, please, Ms. Kaitz urged. But just as quickly as I had seen her, she was gone and I was back in my room. The phone still rested against my ear but the busy tone blared loudly in my ear. The overwhelming sense of loss entangled my very being. Unlike my dream though, there was no happy ending waiting for me. All that was left was the brutal reality that I was less than sane.
That was the moment I realized I didnt want to be here and wasnt even reasonable enough to continue on with my life. Worst of all, I felt as though I had done something so terrible that I deserved much worse. So I said a quick prayer, begged God to forgive me for all of the terrible things I had done in my life, this being, by far, the worst offense. 
I thought about leaving my family a note, especially for Brooke, but I decided it was far too clich and knew there was nothing I could say to make this situation any better for any of them. As the decision set in, I began rummaging through my room for anything sharp. When I began to think there was nothing here and I might have to get overly creative, I saw my jewelry box lying upside down in my closet. I picked the box up and set it back on the shelf. 
The glimmer of jagged glass caught my eye and I was drawn to it. When I stood over the broken mirror, I looked into the pieces. Like the mirror, I was broken and all of my pieces stay out in the open for the world to see. My shards were becoming more broken as each disaster devastated my life. The biggest piece that lay there was the one I bent down to pick up. I held it carefully in my hand.
It amazed me that such a small, yet beautiful thing could so easily become so dangerous and life threatening. I held it tightly now, causing the glass to cut into my right hand. I put the ridged glass against my left wrist and started to drag it across. The pain was instantaneous and the burn ran through my arm as the warm crimson trickled down my fingers. I did the same to my other wrist and the pain radiated to my shoulder. It was like feeling lava trying to escape from my veins and the fire quickly ignited and spread through the rest of my body.
When the endorphins finally began to make their appearance, I could feel the soothing numbness overtaking me. My mind worked fast at making the pain more manageable. The blood still leaked unceasingly from my wounds and I could feel the weakness of blood loss taking its toll. I knew it wouldnt be long before I bled to death and hoped I would just drift into an endless sleep before my heart stopped.
All was peaceful until an urgent pounding rattled on my door. The noises echoed around me as I was slowly losing consciousness. A part of me hoped that I would just fall into a sort of comatose sleep before my heart stopped. I briefly remembered seeing Mr. Keitz plow through my door and my mother hysterically followed behind. Being in the state I was, I was having trouble following what exactly was happening. 
It wasnt until Brooke came barreling in to my room that I truly regretted what I had done. The look on her face was of both pain and hatred.  I knew she would never forgive me. She was the last thing I saw before my eyes went blank. All that was left was darkness.

Chapter 19
I was left in a state of confusion after the shadows took over. I wasnt sure how long I had been in this void but I was beginning to wonder if this solitude was a form of torture. I wondered if I was really in Hell. As I pondered the possibility, I began to notice a flicker of light.
Then it was like a light switch was flipped and I saw a window. The window was instantly familiar to me. I realized fairly quickly that I wasnt in control of my body and was going toward the window. I opened it silently as I always had and climbed into Alexas room. She wasnt inside so I sat down. I had no clue what I was doing here or when this even was. Was I experiencing some sort of flash back? I didnt know the answer.
After a long time of waiting, I willed my body to move but I stayed frozen on her computer chair. I suddenly got up and began to look around. I was looking for something particular but what that something was, I didnt know either.
It wasnt until I lifted up Alexas mattress that I realized what I had been searching for. The crimson book found my hands immediately and I began shuffling through the pages. I looked down at an entry and I began to skim. It was her entry on the abortion and my skin rapidly began to blaze in fury. A silent and frigid tear fell from my eye. 
When I reached the next entry, I instantly began to feel panic. Alexa had written about me but the problem was she mentions me as a name I do not go by. She called me Ariana. The unease spread through my existence but since I wasnt in control, I couldnt escape. I then watched as my hand began to write in the journal. The entry was dated May 2nd and signed as Alexandra Nivette. I was writing her suicide letter.
My mind began reeling and I was becoming lost in shock. The feeling intensified when I heard the door handle turn. The girl from the picture Ms. Kaitz had shown me came stumbling into her room, completely unaware of her surroundings. She was much skinnier than I remembered from the picture and she reeked of alcohol and self pity. 
I watched her shut her door and lock it. I assumed that her mother had left for work and she had been out all night drinking. She looked over toward me and jumped slightly.
Ariana, what are you doing here? she slurred.
Are you drunk? I asked her. Disgust lingered in my tone but the voice was not my own. It was the voice I had grown to despise.
 So what if I am, she answered, clearly annoyed with both the question and my presence in general.
No need to get testy with me, Alex. Youll only make this worse for yourself. The tone in my other voice is cold and unforgiving. Its a sadistic tone Ive never heard in my own voice. Its a voice that screams insanity. If I had the ability to shudder, I would have. I suddenly felt scared for Alex because I could feel the large dose of adrenaline that was coursing through my veins.
She stared at me, wide eyed, terror undeniably displayed on her face. What exactly is that supposed to mean? She asked as her body trembled uncontrollably. 
I didnt have to say anything to her next; the small paring knife was enough. A smile crept onto my face as she stared at the weapon in my hand in shear horror. I made a step toward her and she instantly turned to run. She fumbled with the lock and I grabbed on to her arm. I pulled violently on her appendage and she was hurled backward into her dresser. 
She slid across it and all of her things on top went with her. She was so frail and weak from her recent life decisions. Her skin was already bruised from being beaten over the last few months. No one would have ever known the difference between the old and new purple markings. 
Tears ran down her face and she looked up at me overcome with defeat. Why are you doing this?
Because I can, I answered.
Please, dont do this, she begged. Ariana, please!
Its too late, Alex, I said coldly. Its time to join your child and meet your maker.
She instantly began sobbing as I moved toward her. I didnt want to watch anymore. I wanted to leave and stop this cruelty but my body kept moving closer. My hands wrapped around her arms and I tried to restrain her. She fought me for nearly fifteen minutes before I kicked her in the ribs. She sobbed hysterically and began coughing, trying desperately to catch her breath. A unnerving sense of amusement was coursing through me.
I grabbed her arm again while she was trying to breathe and watched the knife flay through the delicate skin on her wrist. The blood escaped out of the lesion rapidly. The knife entered the skin again and again until her left arm was butchered. I wanted to be sick. I wanted to flee. 
Alexs breathing was turning into short, drawn in gasps. She was hyperventilating. I stepped back and let her get up. I was teasing her, leading her to false hope. She stumbled around from the quick blood loss and it was smeared all around her room. She unlocked her door and went to open it. I threw her back against the side of her bed and blood splattered around her. She wheezed loudly and coughed up more blood. The fear in her eyes was unmistakable.
I walked over and grabbed the journal from the desk. I threw it at her and she opened it slowly. Her blood smeared across the front and dripped onto the pages. She looked up at me disoriented. Write something nice to your mother. Ill be sure to give it to her.
Youre a complete psycho. I wish you luck in Hell, bitch, she said weakly.
I walked over and ripped through her other wrist. Tick tock, youre going to die anyways, Alex. Accept it and write goodbye to that worthless woman you call your mother! I screamed at her.
She began crying again and wrote the same short note I had given to Mandy. Now that I was staring at her, trembling with the pen, using every ounce of strength left, I could see why Mandy didnt believe it was her writing. I didnt even recognize it as hers. The more lethargic she got, the shakier the writing got. The end of the note was just barely legible. 
I stood there, unemotional as she died. I never thought I would be capable of such an evil torture, and yet, here I was, watching a side of me I thought wasnt real. I was so confused at what this even was. I was supposed to be dead! I watched silently as she struggled for breath and I wanted to cry so badly, but my other side was so cold. I could feel joy running through my body and goose bumps rising on my arms and legs. She was enjoying this and I was sick just realizing it. Alex lifted her head up suddenly and stared directing into my eyes. She was using every last bit of her strength to make me pay attention, and I was. 
Youre a monster, Ariana, she whispered as she took her last few breaths. I could feel another disgusting smile creep onto my face and I turned away without saying anything to her. I closed the window and never looked back. The sick part was that I had set everything to look like she had done this to herself. I was a killer.
~
Much like a dream, I was seeing bits and pieces of her life after Alexs show. I saw myself answering the phone and talking to Alexs mother. I saw myself pretending to be upset after seeing her body. I saw her mother handing me the blood splattered journal. The funeral. The slap from her mom. The phone call from Eli. 
The next thing I knew, I was sitting with a boy on a hill, close to where Ethans car had been pulled from the river. Judging from his eyes, I knew instantly that this was Her Ethan. Eli stared out into the sky. He remained silent but I was fidgeting. He sighed and I could feel the irritation growing within me.
So why are we here? I finally said.
Dont be mad, Ariana, please. Just give me a second. Ive made a lot of mistakes. Youre all I have left.
Oh, baby, that is hilarious, I laughed venomously. You have no one. Youre a repulsive dog and you deserve worse than being alone.
Ariana, Im sorry, okay? I have always loved you. Im so lost. 
Oh bullshit! You basically killed your own child! Why am I even here?
I miss you! I didnt know where else to turn. Ryan wont answer my phone calls, he said in a whinny voice.
Oh boo fucking hoo, Eli! Stop bitching to me about your petty crap! You cheated on me, beat Alex, and betrayed Ryan. All I can think about is killing you for being the worthless scumbag you are.
Damn, Ariana, is me cheating on you really worth so much hatred? Alex is dead and so is our child. Please, dont make me suffer anymore than I already do every day!
Oh barf, I said pretending to gag. You do not feel bad. Alex is no loss to either of us. And we both know you didnt want that baby! You didnt even show up to her funeral you miserable shit! 
I wasnt allowed to go! Her mother asked me not to. I wanted to be there!
The irritation inside was building up to near combustion. I knew all too well that I was about to lose it. I begged inside my head that I would calm down. The anger just built faster and faster and I reached down for my water. Eli grabbed snatched it from my hand, which he had done many times while we dated and knew I hated it, and began guzzling it. I felt a spark of anticipation and excitement which I didnt understand yet.
Gross, Ariana, how long was that sitting in your car? It tastes nasty! 
Thats because its drugged you dumbass. 
He stared at me in shock and then began to laugh. Funny joke!
I began to laugh with him. No joke! Im planning on cutting you into pieces as soon as you pass out. I smiled evilly at him and laughed harder.
He laughed for a minute with me and when I started to slow down and my face became a little too serious, he inelegantly stopped chuckling. Consternation quickly registered on his face and I began counting down the minutes before he was unconscious. I could see the dire need for him to run but the drug was slowly pulsing through his body. I watched helplessly as Eli struggled away from me. 
My body never moved though and my eyes stayed on him, watching him like a wounded animal, waiting patiently for him to fall. A sickening amount of pleasure ran through me, anticipating the next unknowing victim in front of me. There was near a mile of woods between us and the car. I knew, even without knowing exactly what was going on, that he wasnt going to make it away.
Eli lost steam quickly, going from a steady run to an exhausting crawl. His inevitable fate was looming in front of him. His arms shook as he pulled himself forward but fighting the effects of the drug was pointless. He was going to die.
I watched in a state of hysteria as my darkest fear was realized. If these truly were memories into a life I didnt know, a life I chose to block out, I was a closet psychopath. I suddenly thought about whether or not I had ever been caught for these crimes, or if they only suspected I was the culprit. Either way I had experienced the physical lockdown with Ms. Kaitz. Reality or not, I was already in a form of imprisonment. 
My body was filled with rage and no remorse. I went running toward Eli in an excited madness. He was still trying to get away with little avail. I watched myself pull out a butchers knife and then hacking him apart while he was still alive. The obscene picture in front of me weighed heavily on my soul. I stared unwillingly into his beautiful blue eyes as he just barely made out a sound: eyes that I had gazed lovingly into so many times before this moment. 
My soul ached as I watched myself scatter his pieces around the woods and move the bloody leaves around to make it harder to see everything. I wanted to cry when I witnessed my own arms pushing his car into the river. I was absolutely mortified when I realized I was coated in his blood from head to toe. The red liquid made my clothes cling to my body. My hair dangled in strings down my face, blazing in a red hue. The hot stickiness made me claustrophobic and uneasy.
As the anxiety rose, I began to feel the familiar pull of disorientation. I was then instantly thrown into another situation and recognized this boy without a second thought. I knew this boy easily. Ryan looked almost identical to Ryder. His hair was a little darker, nose was a little wider, lips were a little thinner, body a little broader; But I saw Ryder in this boy and his hazel eyes gazed into my soul.

Chapter 20
Ryan stared questioningly at my soaked clothes and the varying splotches of brown that lingered on my jeans. 
What happened to you, he asked confused.
I had a long day, I said back.
Clearly! Youre soaked and you have dirt or something all over your clothes. He stared at me waiting for an explanation but nothing came out of my mouth. Did you walk here?
Um, yeah, about that. Eli and I got into a dispute of sorts. Ive been walking around for a few hours now.
Jesus, are you okay? Did he hurt you? he asked, gripping my shoulders tightly.
Im fine. He never had a chance, I said as gratification radiated through this body. I couldnt bear to claim these emotions as my own.
What happened, Ariana? he asked suspiciously. You had no reason to even see him! I have been ignoring him for weeks!
Dont worry, I took care of it, I beamed. The grin on my face was harsh and unsubtle.
Worry instantly presented on his face. Oh, no, what did you do? I smiled at him deviously. Suddenly there was a loud knock on his door. Ariana, go to my room and dont come out. We will talk about this in a minute. I dont need anyone seeing you like this.
I walked slowly to his room hoping that I would hear who was at the door. Officer was all I needed to catch to cringe. My other half remained calm and collected. Ariana wasnt scared at all. After what seemed like a ruthless eternity, Ryan came through the bedroom door looking rather bitter. His face was pale and chalky. His eyes were glazed over in shock. He sat down next to me but our eyes never met.
So, what was a cop doing at your house?
I think you already know why Ariana, he said emotionless. I have a feeling you know more than anyone does why he was here.
Are you accusing me of something? I said rancorously. The feeling of rage and my flaring temper were becoming exceedingly apparent. I was suddenly panic- stricken for his life.
We both know that I am, he said faintly as he glanced down at my clothes. Im going to assume that isnt dirt all over you either.
You might say that, I said coldly.
Did you, you know?
What, kill him? You might say that too.
Holy shit, Ariana, what were you thinking? I thought you were getting help from Ms. Kaitz! I thought you said the delusions were getting better!
I say a lot of things, Ryan, I said frankly. Theres no reason to worry though. Theyll never find his body. The animals will get rid of the pieces before the end of the day.
Ariana, you need to turn yourself in!
Why? Its not like hell be missed on this God forsaken planet. If anything, I just did women everywhere a favor.
Im calling Ms. Kaitz. Shell know what to do, he said in a panic.
As he walked away, I felt the anger boiling over. When my eyes fell on the large glass paper weight, I froze inside of myself. As my hand reached for the shimmering ball, I begged for this nightmare to stop. He never even saw his inevitable fate coming but the sickening crack of the globe crashing against his head told me that he was dead. I quickly went over to him and for the first time since I had been living this nightmare in this foreign body, I felt an unmistakable guilt. I hadnt meant to kill him.
I sat down by him and carefully flipped him over to see his beautiful hazel eyes staring lifelessly back at me. They were the same hazel eyes I had seen in my dream and the same hazel that I had grown to depend on. My very soul broke at the sight of him and I could feel the same radiating through this body. Even as the cold and heartless Ariana, I had regretted his death. Not only that but it had truly been the breaking point for me in this life.
I could feel the sanity deteriorating inside of my head like a thread coming unwound. Second by second the threads were pulling apart and the tightness of my chest bound more rapidly. The nausea rolled through my body as I looked deeper into the glazed eyes that no longer held his soul inside. 
I stood up abruptly and grabbed his arm. I pulled him up into my own arms and began to carry him. The dead weight was unbearable and my muscles strained to even move him the few feet to his bed. His blood slowly leaked down his head and onto my hand. Like a tidal wave, the emotion of remorse hit me at full impact. The tears instantly hit my eyes and my legs gave out underneath me. I lay with his body, sobbing uncontrollably, pulling him closer to my face. I softly kissed his forehead and hugged him closer. What have I done? I whispered in silence to myself.
I sat like that for only a few minutes, mourning the death of a boy I had grown to love. But the remorse I felt in this body was short lived and I quickly moved into clean up mode. I set him carefully on his bed and touched his face gently, trying so hard to commit every feature of his face to memory. My other half didnt ever want to forget those hazel eyes and honestly, neither did I.
There was no doubt in my mind that no one would find him laying there in his bed. It would lead to an investigation of murder and I would become a guilty suspect for not one, but two peoples deaths for sure. I began to shuffle around his room looking for some sort of idea to take care of what I had done. When I saw the matches, I knew exactly how the fire had started that had killed Ryder. I had been living my life in an alternate reality to banish these memories and change them into something else.
The problem began when the memories started surfacing. The warning signs were all very apparent now that I knew what I did and I was actually confronting this. Things like the dream, the strange black outs that lead me to Ms. Kaitz, and the unusual spurts of anger that were unlike my personality in every way. None of these things were normal for me. They had simply been a warning from a part of my mind I hadnt even been aware of. The dream had been the very beginning to my true self awareness. 
I watched in the background of my own mind as Ryans room slowly began to burn. The fire spread quickly and I watched the flames engulf his body. I was beginning to wonder why I was still standing there because the heat was becoming too much to handle and my lungs were filling with suffocating smoke. Suddenly, I was on the move again and I ran quickly out of the room to the backdoor. The smoke detectors were ringing in my ears and I felt the haze as I busted out of the backdoor to my escape.
~
When my eyes began to focus again, I was speaking with the officer. I was very calm for a teenage girl that had just violently killed two people in the same day. I played the concerned ex-girlfriend very well and no one had suspected that I hadnt been lying in my bed all day.
I knew all too well what was coming next. I experienced my suicide attempt for the second time, felt the same excruciating pain, and heard all of the same things. The difference was that Ms. Kaitz came crashing into my bedroom with my mother and she was in a panic as she analyzed my wounds. I could feel the blood pooled around my hands. My muscles were almost unresponsive and my body was shutting down quickly.
When Brooke ran into my room, I was astounded. She was the only person that remained exactly the same in both of my lives. The look on her face was a painful reminder of what I had done to her. Of everyone, she was the only person my mind couldnt bear to change or forget.
From there, I went back into the black hole of nothing and waited for something, anything really, to happen. When I began having short glimpses of the white room I called my prison, I realized that I had never fully been Ariana after the attempted suicide. I had been lost for years inside of my own head as a made up girl. The problem was, my memories of this life I desperately wanted to forget, always resurfaced, deeming me unable to ever live the fantasy I begged to be real.
~
The darkness came back only for a short time and when I finally came to, I was chained down again. I understood now why they kept me detained. Every time I would lose the control of my fantasy life, I would take it out on the staff. The girl I knew myself to be was the first personality my other self had come up with that was tame enough to listen before losing control. I was the only one that could be reasoned with.
Not only had I abused the employees several times, but I had tried to escape. Though the people I loved had never suspected anything but insanity, the police had mentioned foul play on my part. Many were convinced that my state was merely an act to get out punishment for what I had done. The running only heightened that suspicion. This was unmistakably laughable to me because any sane person should realize that this place was no better than prison.
On the polices end, Alex had remained a suicide, while Eli and Ryans deaths had not. I had been a little more crazed and way too sloppy about both of them. I had been seen with Eli right before I had killed him. I had also been seen walking into Ryans house right before it went up in flames. Regardless of the undeniable suspicious behavior and evidence leading toward me, there was nothing they could actually do with me when I wasnt here.
	Ms. Kaitz had been trying for years to get inside of my zone of trust but never got very far with me. After several severe regressions to my beginning, she got tired and burned out. The failure was stressful for everyone. She wanted so badly to reach me but when she got too close, the wall went back up. She had never gotten this far. She never even got close to here.
I waited for someone to come but I remained alone. I drifted in and out of sleep. When I heard footsteps next to me, my eyes shot open. Ms. Kaitz stared at me in shock and stayed silent. She had said she didnt think I would ever wake up again. 
Patricia, I greeted her.
You came back, she said smiling.
Trust me, not by choice.
It never has been, has it? she asked, instantly in therapist mode.
Dont psychoanalyze me right now, doc, I said lucidly.
Ariana?
Sort of.
How did this happen? she asked shocked.
In death, I answered irritated.
What do you mean by that?
Everyone died. I should also be in the afterlife, whatever that may be, but you kind of ruined that for me, I said glaring at her.
She gasped, Explain more! Please!
I still feel like Im Aidriana but I have all of the other memories too. Memories of a childhood I never experienced and of things I never did. Ive seen everything from the life I dont know and I still dont feel like it is mine. I let out a long sigh and felt so lost. I also saw my near death experience. So thank you for the barging in, I said sarcastically.
What else did you see? she asked cautiously.
A lot of death, I whispered. I shivered in disgust but a small flicker of ecstasy was hidden inside. 
Since you are somewhat yourself now, you realize that Im going to have to report this, correct?
And?
Ariana, the police have waited nearly six years to hear your side of this story, she emphasized. What exactly happened with Eli?
What do you mean? They told me that he went missing, I said, pretending to be confused.
He did! They never found his body, Ariana! People saw you two together the day of his disappearance. People saw you near the river where his car was found.
What? I asked in shock. I had never known people had seen us that close to the place I killed him at. I truly was worried now.
She looked at me for a moment and her eyes widened for the briefest moment. You were never with him that day?
No, I lied. Worse, she knew it. She mustve seen it in my eyes, where a personality that had never existed before was in charge, a personality that felt remorse for what had happened, my personality. Anger grew at my core and I felt like I was losing myself. She looked at me sadly, knowing that I was hiding something. I want to see my family.
Ariana, that probably isnt the best idea. Not yet anyways.
Do not; tell me what is best for me! I want to see them! I cant promise I wont disappear again and I havent been all here in quite a long time. I need to see them!
Fine, I will make the arrangements if they allow it, she agreed. Caution sauntered on her face as she walked away from me. 
Panic was brewing within me and I felt like I was in an epic internal battle with this personality I loathed and wished didnt exist. I slowly began to feel like I was only partially in control and Ariana was becoming more apparent. She was trying to take complete control and she was ready to do whatever was necessary to do so.
After she had left, I began trying to move my arms and legs against the restraints again. My muscles were weak and considering I had been laying here on and off for months at a time, I wasnt quite sure how long it had been since I had actually stood or walked for that matter. For all I knew, I could have been up and moving around weeks ago but I wasnt sure when the last time I had tried to escape even was. Time had a funny way of blending together at this place.
When Patricia came back nearly three hours later, she was with a securing guard and had a wheel chair with my name on it. I could see the keys in the mans hand and they jingled as he moved toward me. He went to unlock the bolt holding my leg restraints to my bed first. Adrenaline surged through my veins and as he unlocked the actual restraints on my ankles, my inner fight intensified. I was losing to the other half. As the key twisted, the bolt holding my arm restraints to the bed clicked loudly. My other personality gave the final nudge and I was pushed into the background. 
Ariana was back and I was stuck inside, watching in fear, and helpless to keep her from doing anything to irrational. The guard gripped the cuffs on my arms and pulled me upward.
Your family is here. We will escort you to them. The cuffs will remain on during the visit, the man explained. We will also secure you to this chair for security purposes.
Patricia appeared to be fearful as she looked into my eyes. When the smile crept on to my face, horror enveloped hers. Oh, no, she whispered.
Wrong answer, I said ruthlessly as I threw my entire body weight into the security guard. The IV that had been in my arm ripped out leaving my arm bleeding and sore. The guard never saw it coming and his hands slipped off of my restraints. He lost his footing and his head crashed against the ceramic tile. He lay there unmoving and silent. Im sorry. Patricia, but I wont be doing any sort of cooperating today.
Oh, Ariana, please dont do this! Youll only make this worse on yourself! she screamed.
Too late! My fate was sealed the moment I killed Alex!
Jesus! Ariana, what have you done?
I cant stay here! Aidriana was my only escape! I was happy there and no one could just leave it alone. Alex begged for her life and I tortured her. Eli took an even worse path! I needed to kill them. Ryan was an accident! I just want to be with him again. Aidriana had him and you damn people cant just set me free! Im not right, Patricia! Inside of my head, Im not, and you know it! Either you kill me or let me fucking go back! I screamed back at her.
She had tears running down her face as she cast her gaze upon me woefully. I cant kill you, Ariana, she whispered.
Then induce a coma and keep me from coming back to this hell! I shrieked. Please dont make me stay here!
Ariana, youre not making any sense! That life isnt real!
The guard began to stir as he began to regain consciousness. I looked over at him irritated. I dont care. Do it or I will force them to kill me. I will not live this way! I would rather live in a life of fantasy than live a life of pain and guilt. I will never forgive myself for what I have done to Ryan!
What about Eli? What about Alex? Dont they matter?
No, I admitted. They dont.
The man began to rub his head and I could see the realization of what had happened clearly asserted on his face. A siren suddenly began to sound above us. I looked at him wildly. The weakness in my extremities was apparent from the lack of movement over the last few years but I stammered toward the door to get away from that man.
Stop! the man yelled.
I did no such thing and didnt plan to. She was calling the shots and there was no doubt, I was either going to go back to the fake life I had been knew and understood or I was going to die very soon. There were no compromises, no other routes, and no changing her mind. 
My body moved slowly out of the door and I had one last agenda before leaving this place or dying. I needed to see my sister. Brooke would be devastated but she would have been even more mad if I didnt at least try to find her. As I left, I heard Patricia shuffling around in a drawer in the room I called my prison. I didnt stay long enough to find out what exactly she was looking for.
I wobbled through the hallway, somehow managing to escape when the area was completely empty, and could hear the guard yelling behind me. He must not have been able to pick himself up yet but I knew he would sooner or later. I didnt care though and I began yelling my baby sisters name. 
When a young girl ran out of a room ahead of where I was stammering, I knew right away that it was her. She was taller than I had expected for an eleven year old and unmistakably who my appearance as Aidriana had been based on. She looked exactly as I had growing up in my fantasy life. Instant feelings of adoration and love filled me. Other than Ryan, she was the only person in this life Ariana could truly admit to loving. When her eyes locked with mine, she froze. She smiled at me and even thought I didnt personally know her, I felt the same love in the background. The smile on my face was shared by both personalities but when Brookes smile suddenly disappeared and her eyes widened, I felt truly afraid.
The sudden pinch on my butt cheek forced out a small yelp and I instantly thought that maybe I had been shot. The thought left me quickly when I realized that there had never been any firing of a gun. The drowsy feeling hit quickly and I fell to the ground. 
Doctor Kaitz, what are you doing to my sister? Brooke shouted hysterically.
Brooke, please stay calm sweetie, she said serenely. Her voice remained steady and calm. Ariana has become a hazard to both herself and others. I had no choice but to sedate her.
Brookes somber gaze was full of disappointment and inarguable pain. My sister, obviously the same in both lives and whom I loved dearly, would always be angry with my life choices. Tears assaulted my eyes as the tranquil feeling of sedation was winning. I knew she would be the last thing I would see before the drugs took me. I smiled at her realizing my ultimate freedom in the fantasy world I called home. 
I turned to Patricia and smiled wider. Thank you for not killing me, I slurred as my vision began blurring around the edges. 	
I cant promise anything to you sweetheart, but I will do what I can. You surely are my most intriguing patient, Ariana.
I let out a weak laugh and struggled to keep my heavy lids open.  I turned back toward Brooke and smiled again. Brooke, come give me a hug. She timidly made her way over to me and slumped to the ground next to me. She held me in a tight embrace as I drifted into the darkness. 
The darkness remained for only a second. Just like that, my mind was on rewind, bringing me back beyond the realization of my life, and unaware of the insanity locked inside. Unable to grasp who I really am, I lock myself into the safety of my mind, where my horror story can replay like a cruel movie. Im stuck yet again, and the constant reminder of my violent undoing waits silently at the end. 
My name is Ariana Elsie Masterson, a killer, and I live a fantasy to escape the insanity that is truly who I am.
About the Author:
     Ashley N. Pearce is a Grand Valley State University graduate with her bachelors in Criminal Justice. She lives in Michigan with her son, Aiden. She spends most of her time with her son but enjoys the little time she has to write. She loves to read and play the occasional video game.

You can find her at 
https://www.facebook.com/AshleyNPearce2
http://anpearce.blogspot.com/

	
	
	
	
