
Woodchuck Martinis
By Tammy Alward

****


Published by Tammy Alward
At Smashwords
Copyright 2013
All rights reserved
Book cover design by Kris Anderson.

This book is available in print at
http://www.WoodchuckMartinis.com.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


****



To Jessie and Aunt Paula
for their unconditional support.

****



Acknowledgements

Without the encouragement of my friends, family, and proofreaders I would not have been able to complete this book.  I want to thank each of you for your time and patience, for proofreading and responding, for letting me bounce ideas off of you and for bouncing them back.  Thank you Jessie, Reinhard, Donna, Bill, Blendena, Ruth, Paula, Jim, LeAnnie, Kim, and Joye.  I love you all.

****


Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29

****



Preface

My Aunt Paula suggested I write a book when she laughed so hard she cried while we discussed my love life...again.  Not everyone would appreciate Aunt Paulas response.  Being an optimist I decided it could save thousands of dollars in therapy bills, and I dug my heels right in.  Thus Lucy was born, my therapist was fired, and bad dates would now serve the higher purpose of turning sour milk into chocolate crepes.  

****


1Chapter 1
The Son of Sasquatch 

I met the son of Sasquatch today; his name is Ralph.  Another internet dating adventure which took a sharp turn onto an unexpected path. 
The sun felt warm on my face as I leaned back in my kayak and waited to meet Ralph.  I listened to the sounds of the river; the gentle whoosh of water, the rustle of leaves, and the chatter of squirrels.  In Eaton Rapids, Michigan, life moves along at a slower pace than it does elsewhere.  I like it that way now that Im in my 40s. 
My legs straddled the kayak and I dipped my toes in the cool water, first the right and then the left.  I kept my eye on the parking lot where Ralph and I had agreed to meet.  Id come early so that I could get a glimpse of him before he saw me.  Id had a first date with a 46-year-old man named Stanley a while back; it was a picnic.  His pictures seemed vaguely shadowy.  When we met I found he only had three teeth, and the shock showed on my face.  Im afraid I hurt his feelings.  I had brought a picnic lunch for that mostly toothless man which included apples, nuts, crackers, and an assortment of cheeses.  My steadfast policy since that time has been to get a good view of a date before the shock on my face could show; Im not good at masking my feelings.
I have a knack for making the best of a situation, though.  I dated toothless Stanley for several months after that first shocking date because hed been a good sport and gummed the Havarti Id brought to the picnic like it was the best gift hed ever received.  In spite of having no teeth he could make me laugh like no one Id ever known.  One time he couldnt find a match to light a candle hed placed on the table for a romantic dinner.  A few minutes later he returned from the garage wearing a Hazmat suit and lit the candle with a blow torch.  It takes two to make a relationship work; I learned to make a dozen new cream soups while we dated.
I slowly opened my eyes when I heard a vehicle in the parking lot and drifted in for a closer look.  I knew it was Ralph because he had described the truck hed be driving.  Two full rows of teeth gleamed in the sunshine; that was a promising start. 
He spotted my car and then limped over to the river shore, his hand over his eyes to block out the sun.  Ralph looked...normal. 
I paddled the short distance to the shore, stepped out of the kayak, and held out my hand.
Ralph? I asked.
Yes, he said shaking my hand.  Lucy?
Yes, I said.  Its nice to meet you.  Is your leg all right?  You seem to be limping.
I sprained my ankle when I was in Spain recently, he said.  Have you been waiting long?
Just a few minutes, I said.  I came early for some quiet time on the river.
I havent had a chance to eat yet, he said.  I brought some food and wine.  Would you like a quick bite before we hit the water?
How thoughtful, I said.  Youre quite the gentleman.
Ralph spread a lovely assortment of foods out on a picnic table and filled two plastic wine glasses.  
Is this fried chicken homemade? I asked.
Yes, it is.  Thats my specialty.  I admit that Im trying to impress you.
You have definitely managed to do that, I said.  He placed a biscuit on my plastic plate.
The chicken and biscuits are my grandmothers recipes.  I missed her home cooking and so about two years ago I spent a month with her.  I wrote down the recipes as she cooked each meal she made during my visit.  I dont quite do them justice, but Im getting better at making them.
I took stock of what I knew from our first few moments together.  He was well traveled and loved his grandmother.  He was clearly a great cook and was handsome enough that I would notice him in a crowd.  He was also considerate.  Hed brought all of this food; all homemade and fabulously delicious.  He had even chosen a wine that we had talked about during one of our phone conversations that had lasted deep into the night.  Oh, and all those teeth!  On a scale of 1 to 10, Ralph had definitely scored a solid 10.
We finished lunch and I helped Ralph unload his kayak and put it in the water.  He took some sunscreen out of his backpack and applied it liberally to his face and arms.  He then took his shirt off with his back to me, and suddenly the music from the shower scene at the Bates Motel was playing in my head.  His back looked like it was being accosted by a black bear.
Ralph was awkwardly trying to get sunscreen on his back and turned toward me with a look that asked if I would be so kind as to offer a bit of help.  Try as I might, though, my shallow side politely declined.  I admit I am a horrible example of a human at times; this is one of those times.  I would rather see this kind and considerate man fry in the sun than smooth sunscreen into his pelt.  I hate when Shallow Lucy makes an appearance on first dates.  I am truly ashamed of this side of myself.
I work quite consistently at trying to conquer Shallow Lucy and the control she has over my love life.  Some battles have gone to her; some to me.  She fought bravely to convince me that Toothless Stanley was not for me, but in the end his sense of humor won me over.  Shallow Lucy kept rearing her ugly head during the months Stanley and I dated.  Wed be enjoying a particularly lovely evening and shed fixate on Stanleys lisp or the spittle that pooled in the corners of his mouth or the way his lips folded in instead of turning out.  Id fight back by pointing out how much money wed save in dental floss alone.  In the end Toothless Stanley left me for the oral surgeon who made him semi-famous when she convinced him to be the poster child for full-mouth dental implants.  His before and after pictures taunted me from buses and billboards for months after the relationship ended.
Ralph resigned himself to a sunburn and we set off down the river.  I was determined to put Shallow Lucy in her place and let that little tart know who was boss.  Ralph was a great guy in so many ways, and it wasnt fair to decide not to date him again based on one, insignificant physical attribute.  I decided to focus on all of Ralphs positive points for the rest of the day.
You have beautiful eyes, I said as we paddled downstream.
Thank you, Ralph said.
How did you sprain your ankle? I asked.
I was in Spain for the running of the bulls, he said.
That must have been amazing.
It was until I saw a bull heading straight for a teenage boy who had turned his back to the bulls.
Oh, my gosh, what did you do? 
I grabbed the kid and threw him out of the way.  My timing wasnt great, though, as the bull knocked me to the ground.  Im lucky; the bull went right over me and the ankle sprain is the only injury I received.  I count my blessings.
Well, I thought, bravery and optimism; such admirable qualities.  Just what I was looking for in order to refocus.  I had drifted a bit behind him and was enjoying the quiet of the river and his soothing voice describing this exciting adventure.
Just then Ralph moved his adjustable kayak seat down to the middle of his back, and a fine film of fur blanketed the top of it.  The song Hotel California crept into my mind ...They stab it with their steely knives, but they just cant kill the beast, it blared.
Oh, good Lord! Shallow Lucy shouted at me.  Ask him to cover that up!
I will not! I insisted.
Ask him to put his life jacket on so you can stop fixating on that nasty thing, Shallow Lucy said. 
I wont ask any such thing, I argued.
Just tell him youre worried for his safety; kayaking can be dangerous, she insisted.
The waters barely moving, I argued, and its only three or four feet deep. He knows he doesnt need a life jacket.
I had to admit; there probably was some truth to what Shallow Lucy was saying.  I do tend to focus too much attention on physical traits I find less than attractive.  
Just then Ralph scratched his shoulder and I watched as several black, curly hairs were caught on an updraft.  They danced lazily just above the river, seemingly pulled by an invisible wire, puppet like.  The troupe of hairs was performing a mid-air waltz, gently sashaying to the Blue Danube that played quietly in my mind.  Their movement quickened with the breeze then, and the tiny ball of hair picked up the pace.  It performed the salsa, the tango, the Merengue, and ended with a spot-on rendition of the Watusi.  
The hairball landed atop the water giving a passing trout a full head of hair for a moment.  When the fish flicked its tail the wad of hair shot through the river like a torpedo.  It honed in on my paddle and fused itself with no regard to my losing battle with Shallow Lucy.  I tried hopelessly to shake it loose but it remained stubbornly conjoined no matter how many times I dunked the paddle.  I panicked then and started slapping the water to get it off, but as I did the ball of hair made its way up the paddle handle and inched toward my hands.  I hoped that one more slap on the water would shake it loose and back into the river, but the relentless thatch of hair had its own plan.  Suddenly that vile, waterlogged critter attached itself to my hand.  I swung so hard to get it off that my kayak tipped and I slid face first into the cold, muddy water. 
I flailed in the water and gasped for air.  I wondered if this was karmic payback for judging this wonderful man on a physical attribute that I found unattractive.  Was it the universes way of telling me to get over myself and truly see whats on the inside?  
I stood on the slimy river bottom then, as Ralph paddled toward me, his look of concern making me feel even worse.  
Are you all right? Ralph asked.
Im fine, I said.  Only my pride is hurt.
Ralph and I got to work setting my kayak right and rescuing all of my belongings that were floating down river.  As I climbed back in and started to paddle again, Ralph suddenly turned to me.
You have a little something stuck on your face, he said and pointed to my cheek.
As I removed Ralphs hairball from my face I conceded this battle to Shallow Lucy.  
Toothless Stanleys Black Bean and Salsa Soup

1 onion, minced
1-1/2 cups salsa
2 teaspoons garlic salt
4 cubes beef bouillon
2 15-ounce cans of black beans, not drained
2 14.5-ounce cans of diced tomatoes
3 stalks celery
2 tablespoons minced garlic
8 ounces of sliced Swiss cheese, divided

1.  Place all ingredients except the cheese in a stock pot.  Simmer on medium for 20 to 30 minutes or until the celery is soft.
2.  Puree in blender if desired, although this step is optional if Toothless Stanley is not invited for dinner.  Return to stock pot.
3.  Add two slices of Swiss cheese and stir until melted.
4.  Ladle soup into oven-safe bowls.  Fold Swiss cheese and place it on top of the soup.  Place bowls on cookie sheet for easier handling.
5.  Bake at 425 degrees for 10 minutes.

****

Chapter 2
What Friends Are Really For

We had an emergency ladies night at LeAnnies house on Saturday night.  It was arranged when she announced that she had some news to share.  In our world news to share translates to a cry for martinis and comfort food, and she knew she could count on Kim, Joye, and I to come through for her.
This is definitely a two-martini minimum piece of news, LeAnnie said as she prepared the shaker with a round of apple martinis.  Hurry up and drink this round so that I can get up the nerve to discuss this.  She poured the drinks with the skill of a seasoned bartender and quietly took a seat at the kitchen table.  The centerpiece on the table was a box of Kleenex and we knew it was not going to be a happy announcement.  Around this was enough comfort food to feed a small village.
I hope youre all planning to spend the night so that no one has to drive home, LeAnnie said.
We are, I assured her.  
We set about the task of avoiding the subject which was the reason for our gathering by filling our plates with a pasta caprese made with LeAnnies home-grown tomatoes.  I sliced into a loaf of homemade hot Italian herb bread which I had pulled out of the oven right before I left that evening and then passed around a small bowl of olive oil and herb mixture in which to dip our decadent bread.  That was followed by fresh tapanade which, when spread on the warm bread, actually made me weak in the knees.  Kim had brought the most amazing Caesars salad complete with homemade dressing and freshly grated Parmesan cheese, and I couldnt wait to dig in to the Death by Chocolate Cake Joye had made.
We made small talk waiting for LeAnnie to drum up the courage to say what needed to be said.
Hey, LeAnnie, I said.  You must have a skunk in the neighborhood.  It smelled pretty strong coming up your driveway.
Actually my next door neighbor Todd caught one in a live trap and its sitting out in his front yard.  Hes going to take it out to the country tomorrow and let it go.  He knew something was getting into his garage but thought it was a raccoon because it had been doing quite a bit of damage.  He was actually pretty surprised when he found the skunk in the trap.
I didnt know theyd do any damage, I said.  
Yeah, LeAnnie said.  Todd said it knocked things off his shelves and got into some of his dried foods and toppled a bunch of potted plants.  I guess it was quite the mess.
Your house is awfully quiet, Kim said.  Where are the boys? 
My mom came and picked them up for the weekend, LeAnnie said.  She knew I needed a break.
Halfway through the incredible meal Joye served up our second round of martinis which LeAnnie polished off in one, long drink.  Joye filled LeAnnies glass again.
Well, ladies, LeAnnie said, holding her glass up.  Heres to the friends we rely on when things get bad.  Thanks for being here for me.  You know I love you all.
We all touched glasses and took long sips.
After 22 years of marriage Kirk packed up his half of the closet last weekend and moved in with his girlfriend.  He took our dog, Alex, kissed the boys good bye, and left me standing there trying to process what just happened.
Oh, my God, Kim said.
That rat bastard! Joye said.
He took the dog? I said.  Alex was a Golden Retriever that I had fostered for a couple of months as he was healing from wounds inflicted by his previous owner.  LeAnnie and the boys had been very excited about adopting him and Kirk had agreed to take him in so he could train the dog to hunt with him.  Alex and I had bonded and he was one of my favorite dogs ever.
Yeah, LeAnnie said.  He took the dog, all of his clothes except what was in the laundry, and his midlife crisis-mobile.  I knew when he bought that damned Corvette it would lead to nowhere good.
How do you know he moved in with his girlfriend? I asked, still not believing what LeAnnie was telling us.  They had been the perfect couple for as long as I had known them.  
He called the boys a couple of days after he left and gave them his new phone number and address.  He told them that hes living just down the road and they could come visit him anytime they wanted.  He said he has a built-in swimming pool where they could swim all summer long.
Just down the road? Joye said.
Literally two blocks away, LeAnnie answered.  Right at the corner of State and Center Streets.  I have to drive by the house every day to get to work.
Do we know the other woman? Kim asked.
We dont know her personally, LeAnnie said.  But we have seen her.  You remember the woman we call Hooters Girl because she mows her lawn in her wee bikini?
That slut! Kim said.
The home wrecker! Joye said.
I cant believe you let him take the dog! I said.
Joye mixed our third round of martinis, which did seem a bit stronger than rounds one and two.  Shed always had a knack for pumping up the alcohol level when it was most needed.  Bless her heart.
God, its got to be hard for you to drive by that house every day and see his car there, Kim said.
Oh, you have no idea, LeAnnie said.
How long do you think its been going on? I asked.
Its hard to say, LeAnnie answered.  But I think its been quite a while.  Shes the one who sold him the Vette last year.  Her dad owns the dealership.  Id be willing to bet their affair started back then.  Weve always bought just the basic model of every vehicle weve ever owned and never added any options.  My minivan has crank handles to roll up the windows and no air conditioner.  But when he bought the Vette no expense was spared; no option left behind.  That thing has heated leather seats, a sunroof, the most amazing surround sound stereo system, and a keyless entry locking system (programmed with my date of birth, no less).  With this LeAnnie started to cry and we all reached for our martini glasses and a Kleenex.
For the next three hours we talked and drank and said nasty things about Kirk and his 20 something girlfriend and did our best to console LeAnnie about the loss of her marriage.  At last we helped LeAnnie into her bed, covered her up, and turned out her bedroom light.  
All right, ladies, Joye whispered.  Weve got work to do.
What kind of work could we possibly do at midnight on a Saturday? Kim asked.
Were going to help LeAnnie out, Joye said.
Shes sleeping like a rock, I said.  How can we help her?
Were going to pay a little visit to Kirks new love nest, Joye said.
Do you really think thats a good idea? Kim asked.
Helping out a friend is always a good idea, said Joye.  And dishing out a little payback to a cheating husband is even a better idea.
I have to tell you, I said.  This does not sound like a good idea.  This cannot bring any good karma to any of us.
Are you kidding? Joye asked.  Well have tons of good karma coming our way for helping out a friend in need.
Were not going to do anything destructive are we? asked Kim.
Trust me, ladies, Joye assured us.  WERE not going to destroy anything.  Although we might elicit a bit of help from a certain little guy to help us out.  Our first stop, though, is the laundry room.
What the heck do you want from the laundry room? I asked.
Kirks laundry, Joye said.
We all headed to the laundry room where two baskets full of Kirks clean laundry sat on the floor.  Joye grabbed the clothes and brought them to the kitchen table.
Sort through and find Kirks underwear and turn them all inside out, she instructed.
Why are we doing this? I asked.  Were not going to ruin his clothes are we?  Because if we are then we should really wait until LeAnnie can join the fun.
Were not going to harm one shred of material, I promise, Joye said.  After rummaging through the kitchen cabinets for a few minutes Joye had found the next two items on her list.
Here, Joye said.  Put these kitchen gloves on, grab the underwear, and follow me.  Make sure that your arms are completely covered.  She held a flashlight and we headed out into LeAnnies expansive, wooded backyard, all of Kirks underwear turned inside out.  
LeAnnie told me that they hired a landscaping company to come out and get rid of some poison ivy but they hadnt finished the job yet.  Look for piles of brush where the landscapers were working.  
Joye was passing the flashlight over the ground and we saw a large pile of yard clippings.  Upon closer inspection several long vines sporting the familiar three-leaf clusters were laying on top of the pile.
Now, gently caress his underwear with the poison ivy leaves, she said.  But dont leave any trace of the leaves behind on the underwear.
We did as instructed and then returned to LeAnnies house where we turned the boxers right side out again, folded them up, and returned them to the laundry baskets.
Well, that was satisfying, I said.  Can we go to bed now?
No, Joye said.  That was just the beginning of the fun Im planning for Kirk and Hooters Girl.  Although the next step will take far more courage.  Are you ladies up for it?
How many martinis have we had, Kim? I asked.  
I lost count at five, Kim said.
What kind of accountant are you? I asked.
Its my night off, she said in her defense.
One more round of martinis would probably bump my courage up a notch, I said.  Joye, you mix.
Joye mixed another round which we promptly drank.  She reached into the refrigerator, pulled out an apple, cut a couple of slices off, and put them into her jacket pocket.  We then headed out the front door into the night.
You know we cant drive, right? Kim asked.  Always the precautionary model.
We wont need to drive, Joye said.  But we do need to pick up the guest of honor before we head out for a little walk.
How far are we going to walk? I asked.  And just who is the guest of honor anyway?
Were just going to help LeAnnies neighbor get rid of his pest problem, Joye explained.
We walked next door and stood looking into a live animal trap in which a full-grown skunk paced nervously back and forth.
Youre kidding, right? Kim said.
Would I joke about something like this? Joye asked.
Count me out, no matter how many martinis we drink! I said.  Im going to bed.
Im with Lucy, Kim said.  This just cannot end well.
Have you no faith? Joye asked with a mock look of shock on her face.
Have you no common sense? I shot back.
Have you no sense of loyalty to one of the best friends weve ever had? Joye asked.  You both know that LeAnnie would be doing this for you if you needed her.  She needs us and I say we step up to the plate and make her proud.
Joye, we cant handle a skunk, Kim argued.  We dont know anything about them.  Its going to spray us if we pick up the cage. 
I know they like apples, Joye said.  I watched a special on Animal Planet.  And I know that they only spray if theyre stressed or scared.  So we just wont scare him. Simple, really.  Well speak quietly and carry the cage very gently.
The skunk is clearly stressed, I said.  Hes trapped in a cage, for Heavens sake.  And I really dont think he wants to go for a walk tonight!
Of course he wants to go for a walk tonight, Joye said.  Theyre nocturnal creatures.  This is their time to get out and have a good time.  Besides if we leave him here hell be stuck in the cage until tomorrow.  If we take him with us, hell be released early for good behavior.  Were really doing him a favor.
Fine, Kim said to Joye.  But since you know so much about skunks, you carry the cage.
I can handle that, Joye said.  Are you in Lucy?  Or are you going to chicken out and stay behind and abandon LeAnnie in her greatest hour of need?
As long as youre going to carry the skunk Ill come too, I agreed.  This could be the greatest gift we ever give to LeAnnie and I want to be able to say that I was instrumental in pulling it off.
Joye gently dropped one of the apple slices through the cage end.  The skunk sniffed the apple and began snacking on it.
You see? Joye said.  He loves it!  This is going to be a piece of cake!
Kim and I stood back a distance as Joye gently picked up the cage, but to our surprise the skunk didnt seem a bit upset.  He continued snacking on the apple slice and we began our walk.
A few minutes later we arrived at Hooters Girls house at the corner of State and Center Streets.  We were happy to see that Kirks Corvette wasnt in the driveway which we hoped meant that the house was empty.
Whats the plan? Kim whispered to Joye.
LeAnnie said the boys told her that Kirk installed a doggie door for Alex as soon as he moved in.  Well just put the skunk in the doggie door, return the cage to Todd, and go home for a great nights sleep.
Just put the skunk in the doggie door? I asked.  How simple could that really be?  Its a skunk.
Thats why I brought more apple slices, Joye explained.  Ill open the trap door and place an apple slice inside the house through the doggie door with the opening of the trap through the opening of the doggie door.  The skunk will climb out on his own to get the apple slice and go into the house.  A hand delivered gift for Kirk and Hooters Girl...and for LeAnnie.
We went around to the backyard, pushed through the gate, and walked past the built-in pool and up to the back door.  Joye placed the skunk and cage on the ground and was trying to unlatch the cage door.  
Lucy, Joye instructed, you hold the doggie door open for me.
I reached for the doggie door but gasped as it swung open and Alex bounded out through the door, knocked me down, and covered my face with dog kisses.
I missed you too, Alex! I whispered.  But youre breath is horrible!  Down, boy!  
Alex followed my commands and sat back, barely able to contain his excitement over seeing me.  And then he caught the scent of the skunk and stuck his nose on the cage.  The skunk backed into a corner of the cage, clearly on edge.  
Lucy! Joye said in a loud, frantic whisper.  Grab Alex and get him out of here!
I grabbed for the Golden Retriever and dragged him by the collar to the far end of the backyard, behind the swimming pool.  Joye and Kim backed away from the skunk in the cage and watched as he calmed down after a few minutes and finished off the slice of apple.  
Kim held open the doggie door and Joye wedged open the latch on the cage which would allow the skunk to leave.  Joye showed the slice of apple to the skunk and then pushed the apple through the doggie door and into the kitchen after she propped the skunks cage onto the edge of the doggie door.  All the skunk had to do was walk down the slope of the cage to the freedom of the kitchen beyond.  Unfortunately he seemed rather comfortable where he was.
Hey, Joye, I said quietly from the back of the yard, Try shaking him out of the cage.
Ill hold the dog and you shake the cage! she said, obviously not enjoying this part of the evenings escapades.
No need to get cranky! I said.  Sheesh, I was just trying to help.
After a few minutes of waiting patiently, though, this idea seemed to take on merit, and Joye did shake the cage a bit.  And then a bit more.  And suddenly the skunks tail was held at attention and was pointed right at Joye...just as her shaking caused the skunk to turn completely around, and it slid through the doggie door and into the kitchen, spraying a stream of toxic smelling odor into the house.  Kim slammed the doggie door shut and they ran back toward Alex and I, laughing so hard I wondered how they could even see.
And then Alex started to whine as headlights shone through the side gate and we realized that Kirk and Hooters Girl were home as the Corvette came up the driveway.
Kim and Joye joined me behind a tool shed where, peeking around the corner, we unfortunately had a perfect view of the Corvette.  In it Kirk and Hooters Girl were fogging up the windows and tearing at each others clothes.  Every now and then Hooters Girls head would pop up through the sun roof and Kirk would howl like a wolf.  The doors swung open and they met in front of the car where Kirk lifted her up on the hood.
Im sure glad LeAnnies not here to see this, Joye said quietly.  
Thats disgusting, Kim said.  Kirks such an ass.
Alex started to whine and I saw Kirk look in the direction of the backyard.
Quick, Joye whispered, Let Alex go before he gives us away!
If I let him go, hell go after the skunk! I said. 
If you dont let him go, were going to get caught, Joye said.  And we REALLY dont want to get caught.  Kirk will think that LeAnnie planned this!
I let Alex go and, sure enough, he headed straight through the doggie door in search of the skunk.  Kim, Joye, and I remained behind the tool shed at the back of the yard to wait for Kirk and Hooters Girl to go inside so we could get out of the backyard undetected.  
All of the windows in the house were open on this lovely night and we could hear quite the ruckus coming from within.  Suddenly pots and pans were smashing about and the dog yelped.  Kirk and Hooters Girl stopped what they were doing when they heard the ruckus and headed into the house.
A few seconds later the skunk came running through the doggie door into the backyard with Alex hot on his tail, Alexs face just dripping.  The skunk escaped through the narrow fence to the safety of the woods beyond.
Lets get out of here! Joye said in a frantic whisper just as Alex was heading our way, tail wagging frantically in his glory after the hunt.
However the back porch light came on and just before we stepped out from behind the shed Kirk slammed open the back door.  We stood back in the shadows just in time to remain unseen.
Alex! Kirk shouted.  What in the Hell did you do?
Alex immediately headed toward Kirk, tail now between his legs as he was being reprimanded.  
Oh, my God! Kirk shouted.  The skunk got you too!  Alex, sit.  You bad, bad dog!
Alex followed the command and sat in the grass.
I peeked around the corner of the shed just in time to see Hooters Girl coming out of the kitchen where she slipped in the doorway where the skunk had let loose its toxic stream.  I could hear a splat as she went down in the puddle.
I told you not to put a doggie door in my home, Kirk, she shrieked.  And for this very reason!  This disgusting crap is all over me!  Even in my hair!
In all the years Ive had a doggie door in my house we never had anything like this happen, babe.  I swear its just a freak thing. 
Kirk was helping her to her feet and Alex was looking anxiously in our direction.  
I am not staying here tonight, she shouted.  You clean this shit up and Im going to a hotel!  With this she headed back inside and slipped again on the puddle but didnt fall.
You might want to clean yourself up a bit first, Kirk suggested.  I dont think theyll let you in a hotel smelling like that.  
How the Hell do I get rid of this stench? she shrieked.
Tomato juice is the only thing I know that will cut the smell, Kirk said.  If youll go to grocery store to get some Ill start cleaning up the mess in the kitchen.
I cant go to the store smelling like this, Hooters Girl seethed.  Id be arrested for public indecency.
Fine, Ill go and get the tomato juice.  You stay here and clean up the kitchen.
I will not clean up the mess your damned dog made in MY house! Hooters girl screamed.  Its your dog, you clean it up!  
Hooters Girl sat down on the deck, folded her arms like a stubborn 2-year-old, and wouldnt budge.
Fine, Kirk said.  Alex, you stay and do not move from that spot!
Alex looked in our direction again but I knew from Alexs training as a hunting dog that when he was given a command, he would follow it faithfully and he would not move.
Hooters Girl began pacing when Kirk left.  She went inside to grab her cigarettes and was literally gagging from the smell in the kitchen.  Alex sat patiently waiting.
You dumb ass dog, Hooters Girl seethed.  I told Kirk not to bring you here in the first place.  God, I hate you.
Alex lowered his head and let out a quiet whine.
We stood behind the shed not making a sound while Hooters Girl smoked two cigarettes and continued to degrade Alex who never moved from the spot in which he was told to remain.
At last Kirk returned with a case of huge cans of tomato juice.  Hooters Girl took some of the cans inside and we could see lights being turned on throughout the house and up the stairs. 
Kirk set about the task of soaking poor Alex with the cold, coagulated liquid and kept repeating the command which would keep him from moving.  He emptied four or five cans over the poor dog and Alex remained faithfully looking like he just did not get what all the commotion was about.  Kirk sat down on the deck to let the tomato juice soak in for a few minutes.
Hooters Girl slid the screen open on the upstairs bathroom window and stuck her head through the opening.  Her too blonde hair now looked like a scene in a B-rate zombie move and tomato juice was mixing with her mascara, running down her face, and making her wince.
Kirk, she shouted out the window.  I hate that damned dog.  Either he goes or YOU go.  TOMORROW!  AND DO NOT LET THAT ANIMAL BACK IN MY HOME!  Her anger seemed to renew and she was crying in fits and sobs.  She flung the window open wide then and began throwing empty tomato juice cans out the second story bathroom window at poor Alex.  One of the cans hit him square on the back and Alex did the only thing he could.  He ran straight through the doggie door into the safety of the home.  
No, Alex, Kirk shouted.  Bad dog!  Get out of the house!
Kirk stood up and ran into the house.  As we all watched around the corner of the shed complete chaos broke out in the previously happy little home wreckers home. 
The next few moments Kirk sounded something like this:
Bad dog, Alex.  Get outside!  No, Alex.  Do not go into that living room.  I mean it Alex.  GOD DAMN IT, ALEX!  No, Alex.  Get off that couch.  Oh, my god, Alex.  Do not shake again.  Get out of the living room, Alex.  I mean it!  Get out, Alex.  Not the flat screen television Alex!  No, stop shaking.  Get out.  Get off those stairs, Alex.  Get over here!  Get out of the bedroom, Alex.  Get off the bed.
Oh, my God, shrieked Hooters Girl.  Get that piece of shit animal off of my white goose down comforter!  Get him out of my house!  Kirk, DO something!  Oh, my God, he just shook all over me and Im going to have to put tomato juice all over myself AGAIN!
He just shook all over me too, Kirk shouted back.  Do you think Im not trying to get him out of the house?
Well, youre certainly not trying very hard or he wouldnt be in MY house would he?
He wouldnt be in YOUR house if you hadnt thrown the damned tomato juice cans at him in the first place!
We couldnt see what was going on inside but from our vantage point we did watch as the windows in several different rooms were suddenly covered with red slime as Alex was obviously trying to shake free of the tomato juice bath.
And then suddenly the back door flew open and Kirk shoved Alex out into the yard.  He snapped the lock on the doggie door and we could hear him return to the upstairs as he tried to placate a nearly hysterical Hooters Girl.
We headed toward the gate by the driveway keeping our distance from Alex as he shook again and again.
I thought wed never get out of there, Kim said.
I cant believe we didnt get caught, I said.
We opened the gate ready for the two-block walk home when Joye stopped suddenly.  She walked over to the Corvette and punched in LeAnnies date of birth in the keyless entry on the drivers side door.  The lock clicked and she opened the door.  She returned to the gate, opened it up, and said, Hey Alex, wanna go for a ride?
The last thing we saw as we headed down the dark and quiet streets on our way back to our sleeping friends home was Alexs head popping up through the Corvettes sunroof waiting to go for a ride in Kirks mid-life crisis mobile.  I couldnt see if he was wagging his tail as the Vettes windows were smeared with tomato juice, but Im confident he was as happy as we were.
1Nothing says were here for you like homemade bread.  The next time you have a friend in need, feed your souls with my favorite bread recipe.  Make it in the bread machine so you can get back to your martinis faster. 

Italian Herb Bread

1-1/4 cups water
1-1/2 tablespoons olive oil
1 teaspoon garlic salt
3-1/2 cups white bread flour
2 teaspoons granulated sugar
1 tablespoon dried parsley
1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
2 teaspoons dried, minced onion
1 teaspoon basil
1 teaspoon oregano
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder 
2 teaspoons active dry yeast

Place ingredients in bread machine according to manufacturers instructions.  Check throughout the cycles to be sure the dough does not stick to the sides of the machine.  If it sticks then add flour a bit at a time until it forms a ball that does not stick.

****

Chapter 3
Italian Tonight

I met a tall, dark, and extremely handsome gentleman of Italian descent for lunch today.  The picture on his singles profile showed him standing under a waterfall in Jamaica, his white, straight teeth practically glowing in contrast to his lovely tan skin.  His biceps were quite prominent and bulged nicely through the water.  He looked like he was in his 40s but said he was 54.
He was very proud of his Italian heritage I had found as we talked on the phone a couple of times before we actually met for lunch.  His name was actually Vito...Junior, although he asked me to call him Vinnie.  He had talked on the phone quite extensively about his large family including brothers, sisters, cousins, aunts, and uncles.  His family values were clear and I truly appreciated this.
Vinnies picture showed the biggest, brownest eyes I had ever seen and a set of long, thick eyelashes that would make any woman jealous.  During our phone conversations I noted that his voice was pure silk and his charm was palpable.  He had a very noticeable Italian accent and explained that he had been in the United States nearly 15 years but couldnt seem to shake those hints of his homeland completely.  I had great hopes for this first date.
We met at Darbs in Eaton Rapids where the food is always great and service is consistently friendly.  We had agreed to meet in the parking lot as we had decided it was easier to identify vehicles than people if their pictures werent very clear on their profiles.  Its a good thing we took this route because I certainly would not have recognized this man whose picture must have been considerably dated.  Still, I thought, it can be hard to find a current picture with which were perfectly happy.
When I actually met Vinnie, who was wearing a lime green Hawaiian shirt and khaki pants, what I noticed first was his thick, full head of hair that seemed to lilt a bit to the right, and at his age of 54 I was surprised to see not a streak of gray.  
We sat down to order our meal and I became fixated, wondering if that was really his own hair.  When I finally decided it was not, I focused on trying to decide whether he had hair plugs or sported a toupee.  I had an almost overwhelming desire to touch his hair for confirmation either way.  
After a few moments I realized I needed to stop focusing on his hair, although as he talked I watched obsessively as his whole head of hair moved as he spoke.  I realized that I was not focused on our conversation or making eye contact when he touched my hand and asked if my thoughts were elsewhere. 
Elsewhere, I thought.  Yes, my thoughts are all up in your hair.  Why is there so much of it?  I then decided that he looked a bit like a Chia Pet and smiled at the thought.  Im on a first date with a Chia Pet, I thought.  I wonder if more hair would sprout if I gave it a bit of water.  
Vinnie noted my smile immediately. 
So you like it when I touch your hand, he said in his lovely Italian accent spoken through that rich, velvety voice.  A good sign to be sure. 
I didnt even know our hands were touching until the Chia Pet spoke.  When he did speak my mind went down a tumultuous slide into the creative side which happens when Im bored or not able to focus on the issues at hand.  In my mind this man was standing under the waterfall which was shown on his profile picture, and when he emerged his Chia head looked like a giant, green, leafy afro extending out to his arms length in all directions.  A bit cartoonish, I must say, and certainly enough to keep me distracted and stifling another giggle.
Focus, Lucy, just focus, I told myself.  This is a lovely man, not a Chia Pet.  I hoped the conversation would take my mind back to where it belonged.
How was your drive over hair? I said, ...I mean over here?
Not bad, he said running his fingers through the faux fur lying so indiscreetly atop his head.  It only took about 20 minutes.
Im glad your drive wasnt too long.  Have you decided what you want yet? I asked.
What I really want is you and I on a deserted island with no...
I mean for lunch, I interrupted, too embarrassed to hear what might come next.
Youre not very good at taking a compliment, he said.
That was a compliment? I thought.  Interesting; I think I liked him better as a Chia Pet than a smooth-talking Italian man.
The waitress came by to take our orders and I was happy to be rescued from this uncomfortable conversation.  Vinnie ordered lemonade and explained that he was on so many pain killers that he couldnt drink alcohol...ever.  Certainly a thought-provoking statement, especially when no explanation followed.  Adhering to proper first-date etiquette though I didnt want make him uncomfortable with too many personal questions.
Should you have made the drive this afternoon? I asked, genuinely concerned that he not endanger his life and risk that lovely Chia toupee.
I can drive just fine, he assured me.  Ive actually built up quite a tolerance to the pain medication at this point.
All right then, I said.
But dont let that stop you from ordering a drink, he said, especially if it will make you frisky.
I actually had to play that conversation back in my mind.  Another compliment?  A joke?  Did he remember that this was our first date?  Were the pain pills playing with his memory?  Or perhaps the Chia hair had taken much deeper roots than was customary.
Id like a Mountain Dew, I said to the waitress.
We ordered our meals and when the waitress left Vinnie became even bolder.
Well, this is nice, he said.  You look like youre in great shape.  Do you work out?
Mostly I go kayaking and roller blading in the summer, I said And do some water aerobics in the winter, but I do enjoy most other activities.
Well, let me ask you something, Vinnie said.  If we were to start dating, how long would we have to wait to have sex?
Pardon me? I said.  My brain was trying to process this question which, by all standards of first date etiquette, should simply not have been asked.  I could not contemplate such a question until at least the third or fourth date, and then I would expect it to be asked in a much more discrete way.
I just asked how long wed need to date before we could have sex, he said again quite casually.
This, before the salads were even brought to the table!  Things must really be done differently in Italy...or Chia Land...than in Eaton Rapids, Michigan.
I dont really have a set formula for determining that sort of thing, I said.  
Most of the women Ive dated actually do have a rule for that, he said.  Most of them say three dates or four; almost never five or more.
I guess my rule book is lacking, I said, because I really havent determined that.  I need a significant amount of time to get to know a man and its different with everyone.
How about on average? he said.  Whats the average number of dates before we could have sex?
I have to say that this conversation is making me a bit uncomfortable, I said.
Why does a frank discussion about making love, the finest gift life has to offer, make you uncomfortable?  Sex is a beautiful, most natural experience. 
Its just not a subject Im comfortable discussing the FIRST time I meet a man, thats all. I said feeling like I had to defend my prudish sexual protocol.
Trust me, he said, I could coax you out of your shell.
I rather like my shell, I said.
Our meals were brought to the table and he set about indulging with a hearty appetite, having left me quite dumbfounded and rather befuddled regarding the way in which to proceed with this date.  I wanted to order a box to go and exit immediately, but that would be rude.  Ive been taught from birth that the worst possible thing one can do is to be rude.  Its unacceptable.  I knew I didnt want to date him again as he was clearly a player and was more interested in having sex than a relationship.  However I could not extricate myself from this horribly uncomfortable date and be on my way.  And so I sat and watched him enjoy his meal, all the while praying for a way out that would not offend him.  
This was such an interesting phenomenon as he clearly did not care that he had crossed the boundaries of proper etiquette and just continued asking how long he would have to wait to have sex, and yet proper manners are so important to me that I could barely bring myself to participate in the conversation which took center stage on this first date.  I wondered if it was a cultural difference or perhaps a gender issue.  Maybe men were just more able to discuss this intimate issue than women.  Although I do recognize that sex tends to be more of a biological issue for men and far less a question of intimacy. 
Halfway through the main course and following two more trips back to the question of how many dates in which he would have to invest before we could indulge in the laying of the hands on your naked body by moonlight, my phone rang.  Now I insist on not allowing phones at any meal table and normally it would have been turned off, but clearly this was a gift straight from God himself.
I apologize, I said thinking quickly and opening up my cell phone.  Ive been expecting a rather important call from my doctor, and this is it.  Do you mind?
No, not at all, Vinnie said.  Im sure youll be well worth the wait.
Hello, Dr. Tucker, I said.  
Mom? my 18-year-old daughter Jessie said, clearly confused.
Yes, doctor, I said, The results are back?
Mom, are you all right? Jessie said. Why are you calling me doctor?
Oh, dear, I said, sporting my best look of concern.  They showed what?
What are you talking about? Jessie asked.
Hold on just a minute, I said into the phone.
I put my hand over the receiver and looked at Vinnie.
Im going to take this call over there.  I know its terribly rude, but it really cant wait.  I really am sorry.
I turned the corner into the bar area, placing myself in a position so that Vinnie could still hear the conversation.
All right doctor, I said, Im back.
What doctor? Jessie said, clearly not catching on to the situation.
The STD panel said what? I asked.
Whats an STD panel? Jessie asked.
So, herpes was positive but gonorrhea was negative?  What about chlamydia?  How did that look?
Oh dear God, Jessie said, the situation obviously dawning her.  Youre on a date with a loser and youre blowing him off by telling him youre infested with sexually transmitted diseases!  How bad must this man really be? 
So, its the worst youve seen, Dr. Tucker? I asked.
Jessie started to laugh...a deep, resounding laugh that seemed to go on for several minutes.  
When she quit laughing she finally said, Oh, its the worst, all right.  The worst way to blow off a date ever!
About how long will the treatment last, Dr. Tucker?
Until you figure out how to dump a man without utterly humiliating yourself.
Thank you, Doctor, Ill stay on the treatment for a full eight weeks.
There will be a quiz at that time, mom.  I hope you pass with flying colors.
Did you need anything else, Doctor?
Yeah, mom, Jessie said.  I was calling to tell you that Ill be driving to the mall with Renee this afternoon.  Ill see you when I get back.
Thank you for letting me know, Doctor.  Have a good afternoon.
You too, she said.  
When I returned to the table I noticed a striking change in Vinnie.  He had gone from the smooth-tongued, debonair playboy to a fidgety, nervous man whose meal had not been touched following my phone call.  He looked at his watch and then at the door.
So, I said, about that time line we were discussing before we were so rudely interrupted...
Time line? Vinnie asked, looking rather nervous I thought.
Yes, the time line, I said.  You know, you and me naked in the moonlight.
Naked? he asked clearly looking frightened now
Yes, naked, I said.  Im thinking this could happen in as little as eight weeks if we play our cards right.
You know, Vinnie said, I wonder if Im coming down with something.  Im suddenly feeling a bit ill and I really must be going.  Can I call you tomorrow?
Tomorrow would be fine, I said.  Im really looking forward to the next few weeks.
Uh, me too, Vinnie said, no longer making eye contact of any kind.
He snapped his fingers at the waitress then, paid the tab in spite of my offering to chip in, and bolted out of the restaurant.
Why is it that Vinnie could feign illness in the middle of the meal with no regard to how it would make him look or the way it would make me feel, and yet I felt the need to go to such lengths to cover up the fact that I was offended and just wanted to go home?  Those early roots continue to rear their ugly heads as our moms taught us to be concerned with other peoples feelings at all costs, even above our own. 
What kind of example was I setting for my impressionable daughter who was also swimming in the dating pool?  How would I react if I received a call like this from her?
Perhaps I could learn from Vinnie, but find a kinder way in which to express my feelings in the future so that I dont hurt a mans feelings nor feel the need to fabricate a sexually transmitted disease to salvage someone elses ego.  I hereby pledge that this will be my new goal in dates to come...to consider my needs as important as those around me and to never again endure a truly unpleasant date in which Im made to feel inadequate.  I felt refreshingly liberated as I ordered a martini.
Perhaps my date with Vinnie didnt work out so well, but my favorite recipe for shrimp scampi always does.  It will help you move past a bad date in no time.

Ditching Vinnies Shrimp Scampi
1/3 cup dry, white wine
Juice of 2 lemons
3/4 cup butter, melted
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 head of garlic
1 tablespoon parsley
2 cups shredded three-cheese Parmesan, Asiago, and Romano 
1 pound raw shrimp, peeled, tails removed
1 pound linguini noodles, cooked according to directions

1.  Cut the tip off of the head of garlic, drizzle with olive oil, and wrap in aluminum foil.  Bake at 375 degrees for 30 minutes.  When cooled, peel the cloves of garlic and mince in a mini-chopper.
2.  Prepare and drain linguini according to package directions.
3.  Combine white wine, lemon juice, melted butter, olive oil, minced garlic, and parsley.
4.  Place shrimp in baking dish and cover with the above mixture.  Bake at 375 degrees for 8 minutes or until the shrimp are shaped like a C.  If the shrimp are shaped like an O then theyre overcooked.
5.  Place cooked linguini in a pasta bowl and pour the shrimp and sauce over linguini.  Add the cheese and mix.

****

Chapter 4
Full Moon Interview

My medical transcription business had allowed me to work from my home since my kids, Josh and Jessie, were toddlers.  I loved this field of work partially because of the humorous situations I typed about often enough to keep my interest.  For instance one patient souped up his lawn tractor, got all liquored up, and mowed his lawn.  He went fishing later that day, sobered up, and found a human toe in his shirt pocket.  Upon closer inspection he realized it was his own big toe.  
However the field of transcription was rapidly changing, with electronic medical record systems rapidly replacing transcriptionists.  I, personally, had lost most of my transcription work to these new systems.  Doctors could now dictate into voice recognition software and the dictated notes would be filed electronically into a patients medical record before the patient left the office.  That sure beat the 24-hour turnaround I could provide.  However the voice recognition software would quite often misinterpret what a doctor dictated.  Some of my favorites include the following:
Doctor Dictated:  The patient had a fever and was coughing up phlegm.
Voice Recognition Software Interpretation:  The patient had a clever and was coughing up flames.
Doctor Dictated:  The baby had experienced uncontrollable crying for quite some time.
Voice Recognition Software Interpretation:  The baby had experienced uncontrollable crimes for quite some time.
Doctor Dictated:  The patient was sitting up in bed eating his food.
Voice Recognition Software Interpretation:  The patient was sitting up in bed eating his foot.
I had taken some classes and learned to edit the dictation coming out of the electronic medical record systems.  I was determined to build my business back up by adding the editing aspect, and sent out 500 brochures touting my expertise.
Just a couple of days after the brochures went out, I got a direct hit.  Dr. Applebaum called and said that hed like to interview me.  He said that it would be easier for him if we could conduct the interview via Web cam.  The Web cam would allow him to see me but he would not have to rush back to his office for the interview.  He also mentioned that he likes to see the home offices from which his editors work.  We set the interview for that Friday at 10:00 in the morning.
I was curious about Dr. Applebaum and so I called my friend Susan who had worked for him many years ago.  She said he was incredibly strict when it came to being on time.  She also said he nearly fired a nurse one time when she showed up for surgery late, even though she had been involved in a car accident on her way to work.  He also required everything on his employees desks to be in perfect order at all times.  He found it entirely unacceptable to have anything out of place.
Whatever you do, she warned, do not be late for that interview or you wont get the job.  Be sure to clean your office perfectly as hell be evaluating that as well, although he wont tell you hes doing that.
I really needed that job, and I had no doubt in my mind that it would go smoothly.  I vowed to allow plenty of time and would make sure to have the Web cam powered up at least an hour before the agreed upon time.
Friday rolled around.  I got up at 5:30 in the morning to clean my office.  Nothing would be out of place as the office could be seen quite clearly on the Web cam.  I cleaned the carpets, the windows, and even the walls.  Before I headed upstairs to shower I built a fire in my fireplace which could also be seen on the Web cam.  I figured it would make my home look cozy and inviting; a place he would love to send his work.  
As fate would have it, however, before I could get into the shower to get ready for the interview, I got a call from another office that was looking for an editor and transcriptionist.  The call came in an hour and five minutes before the interview with Dr. Applebaum would start.  Unfortunately at the end of the call we mutually agreed that I was not a good candidate for the job as they currently had four full-time editors, and they were looking for an office that could handle the entire workload.  That interview lasted exactly one hour which left me five minutes to dress before Dr. Applebaums interview.  Thank Heaven I had been up so early to clean my office as it did look perfect; cozy fire and all.  
I dashed upstairs to change into my best interview suit and jacket.  I took my pants off as soon as I reached the top of the stairs and grabbed my shirt and suit jacket and threw them on...and then I heard the call coming in on Web cam.  That tricky doctor was calling four minutes early.  If I did not answer the phone immediately he would think I was late for the call, and I simply could not have that.  I had already missed out on one new job and was determined to have this interview turn out better.
And so I headed down the stairs frantically, looking every bit the professional from the waist up and sporting nothing but my favorite Spider Man underwear from the waist down, determined to prove that I could be on time and every bit the professional.  Besides, I reasoned, when I sit at my desk with my legs tucked underneath the keyboard, no one would ever know my little secret.
I picked up the Web cam call on the third ring and Dr. Applebaum looked quite pleased.  
Im sorry Im calling a bit early, he said, but I have surgery scheduled earlier than usual this morning.  He looked to me very much like Colonel Sanders with a cheery smile and friendly features. 
Its not a problem, I lied like a trooper.  I appreciate you taking the time to speak with me.
Your office is quite nice, and how cozy it looks with the fireplace going, Dr. Applebaum commented.  Youre obviously quite fastidious in keeping your work place up.  Do you run your business in the same fashion?
Absolutely, Dr. Applebaum, I said.  I have run this business from my home for over 20 years and know exactly what it takes to maintain impeccable records and complete patient confidentiality.  I am proud to say that no confidential document has ever been improperly exposed in my entire career.
I was quite confident that I would get this new account as the interview went incredibly well for a bit more than an hour.  However at that point I saw a look of concern on Dr. Applebaums face.
Lucy! Dr. Applebaum shouted.  Do I see smoke behind you?
Im burning a new batch of wood, I said.  It may be a bit green.  
Lucy! Dr. Applebaum blurted out then.  Your office is on fire!
As I turned to see what he was talking about I realized that a cinder had popped out of the fireplace directly behind me and had, indeed, started the carpet on fire.
I jumped up as quickly as I could, bent down, picked up the fire extinguisher, and sprayed the base of the small but growing flames before I realized just what kind of view I was giving Dr. Applebaum on the Web cam screen.  Just me and my Spider Man undies, turtle neck sweater, and black and white pinstriped blazer.
Do you want me to call the fire department? Dr. Applebaum was shouting at Spider Man.
No, no, I assured him, I have everything under control.  Ive been professionally trained to handle the fire extinguisher.  I know just what Im doing!
After a very, very long couple of minutes of flashing Spider Man on the web cam screen, the flames had been doused and I turned back to my computer monitor.  I was quite sure that my face was every bit as red as the cinder that had started this whole fiasco.  What a mess.  All I could do was hang my head and pray for this call to be done so that my misery would end.  I desperately needed this work, and the loss of two potential new accounts in the same day was more than I could bear.  Not to mention the cost of replacing the carpet that had been burned.
Are you all right, Lucy? asked Dr. Applebaum.
Im fine, I answered slowly.  The only damage sustained was to my ego.
And then Dr. Applebaum started to laugh.  He tried to stifle it at first but it didnt take long for a full, hearty belly laugh to emerge and take on a life of its own.  It was completely contagious as I started laughing too at the mental picture of what Dr. Applebaum must have witnessed during this most unusual interview.
Im glad to hear that you take more care not to expose patient documents than your Spider Man undergarments, Lucy.  Of course this sent him into a new fit of laughter.  Who would have guessed that Spider Man had his own line of womens lingerie?
Dr. Applebaum, I said as sincerely as I could when his laughter finally died down.  I cannot apologize enough.  I hope you will not hold this incident against me when you make your decision regarding whether or not to hire me.
Lucy, he answered.  I had decided within the first 15 minutes of our conversation that I would hire you.  You are professional and courteous.  Your recommendations from other doctors for whom you have worked are flawless.  How soon can you start?
I can start this very minute, Dr. Applebaum, I said, the relief obvious in my voice Im sure.
Perhaps you could start next Monday, he suggested.  Maybe that will give you enough time to find your pants.  
Thank you, Dr. Applebaum.  Ill get right on that.
Im looking forward to seeing more of you in the future, he said.  Although perhaps not quite as much as I saw of you today, he added with a chuckle.  
Sometimes life takes you right where you want to go, but in a roundabout way.  I think Ill celebrate my new job by making a run to buy some new underwear.  

****

Chapter 5
Just Desserts

The ladies and I all met at LeAnnies house for our monthly martini fest tonight and I have to say that I laughed more than I have in one evening for years.
You see, its been a couple of weeks since we brought our smelly little friend to visit Kirks new love nest.  I had a pretty good idea of the end result of the skunk-capades, but I didnt figure wed ever hear how the poison ivy idea panned out.  I was wrong, however, and will be forever grateful that I was.  For the result of rubbing Kirks underwear in poison ivy took on a life of its own and gave the ladies and I one of the biggest laughs weve ever experienced together.  The timing could not have been better as Kirk happened to pay a visit tonight during ladies night.
Well into our third round of martinis and just as we were cutting into a fabulous black forest cheesecake Kim had made, we heard a knock on the door.  On LeAnnies porch stood Kirk, shoulders sagging, face unshaven, clothes wrinkled, his hand not so discretely returning again and again to scratch the parts his mother told him never to share with a stranger.
Can I talk to you for a few minutes? he asked LeAnnie.
I really dont have time, Kirk, LeAnnie said.  I have company.
Alex was standing behind LeAnnie and I was surprised to see that instead of getting excited to see his old buddy, Kirk, he laid down quietly with a heavy sigh and wouldnt even look in his direction.  I guess the dog can hold a grudge even though he was only taken hostage by Kirk and Hooters Girl for a couple of weeks before his somewhat unexpected return to LeAnnies home, a bit worse for the wear carrying with him the underlying scent of skunk.
Kirk looked behind LeAnnie and could see us in the kitchen.  We were perfectly quiet wanting to hear the conversation and yet knowing we needed to give LeAnnie privacy at the same time.  Damn this nosey nature inherently bred in women!
It wont take long, he said.  I promise.  Its really important.
I think you said all you needed to say when you left the boys and I and moved in with Hooters Girl, LeAnnie said.  Really, Kirk, we have nothing left to discuss.
Hooters Girl? he asked.  
Yes, Hooters Girl, LeAnnie practically hissed.  
Howd you know she worked at Hooters?  That was years ago.
Lucky guess, LeAnnie said.  What do you want, Kirk?
Look, we really need to talk.  But I have to use your bathroom first.
I was sitting several feet away from the man and could see the sweat dripping from his forehead.  The pit stains on his shirt were practically glowing.
Fine, she said.  But make it fast.  And dont leave the toilet seat up.
She opened the door and Kirk practically knocked her over on his way to the facilities.  
Wheres your car? she shouted to his back as he shut the door to the bathroom.
Its a long story, he said.  I walked over.
LeAnnie came back into the kitchen.
Whats he want? Kim asked.
He says we need to talk, LeAnnie said.
Do you want us to leave? I asked.  We could take a walk and you could call us when youre done.
Oh, no, LeAnnie said.  I have a feeling were going to get an update on the fun you had a couple of weeks ago at our last ladies night after I went to bed.  You stay in here and Ill close the kitchen door.  You turn on the P.A. system in here and Ill turn on the one in the living room before he comes out of the bathroom.  Youll be able to hear everything, and it will save me from repeating the conversation after he leaves.  Just be really quiet.
She left the kitchen and closed the door behind her.  A few seconds later we heard a bit of static coming from the speaker on the wall and we all crowded around, martinis in hand.
Are you feeling all right? LeAnnie said.  Youre sweating rather profusely.
Actually Im really not doing that well, Kirk admitted.  
Are you sick? LeAnnie asked.
Im not really sure, Kirk answered.  Ive had some tests but the results arent back quite yet.
Tests for what?
An unidentified skin condition.
Unidentified?
Like I said the test results arent back yet.
I dont see anything wrong with your skin.
Its under my clothes.
Which clothes?
We knew LeAnnie was toying with him and couldnt believe she hadnt started laughing yet.  She must be an amazing poker player.  We could all imagine what Kirk was hiding in those boxers of his.  All the while we could hear just the faintest of scratching sounds through the tiny speaker on the wall.
My jeans, actually, Kirk admitted.
You mean your legs? the mock question nearly sent the three of us into fits of hysterics.
If you must know, Kirk said lowering his voice considerably, I have a bit of a rash in my most sensitive areas.
I didnt know there was anything at all sensitive about you, LeAnnie said.  I thought youd developed a pretty thick skin based on the way you left the boys and I.
Look, Kirk said.  I couldnt be sorrier about what I did to all of you.  All I can say is I went temporarily insane.
Copping a plea of insanity might work in a courtroom, but it certainly doesnt fly in my home, LeAnnie said.
In our home, Kirk said.  
No, my home, LeAnnie said adamantly.  This ceased to be your home the day you packed your bags and left us for Hooters Girl and her perky breasts.
I dont blame you for being angry, Kirk said in the most placating voice Id ever heard.
Blame me for being angry? LeAnnie seethed.  Blame me?
You know what I mean, Kirk said.  
I could hear LeAnnie breathing harder and could bet that she was busy trying to get her temper and her blood pressure under control before she spoke again.  This was a trait I had always admired about LeAnnie.  She adamantly subscribed to the philosophy that you would never regret what you did not say in anger. 
And while LeAnnie was getting herself under control, the scratching sounds coming through the intercom seemed to take on a life of their own.  They had developed an almost jazz-like rhythm that was actually quite catchy under the circumstances.
Kirk, what did you come here for? LeAnnie asked in a quite calm, almost Zen-like manner.
I know Ive been horrible to you, LeAnnie, Kirk said.  But Im here to ask you to take me back.  Give me a second chance.  Id be willing to go to counseling with you.  Id be willing go to Hell and back with you.  Id do anything to make this work.
Why now? LeAnnie asked.  Was the grass not quite as green on Perky Breast Mountain as you thought it would be?
I just realized how much I need you.  I miss you.  I miss us.  I miss the boys.
Maybe you miss the boys because youve barely spoken to them since you left us two weeks ago.  You left them with questions that I had to answer because youre a coward and wouldnt answer for yourself.  Questions like Why does daddy hate us now? And If I had behaved better would he have stayed?  And Why does he love his new girlfriend more than us?  And my favorite, What did you say to him to make him leave us, mom?
I know its been awful, LeAnnie, Kirk pleaded.  But Im asking you to forgive me.  I made a mistake.  A huge mistake that I regret more than anything Ive ever done.
I have to say that Im suspicious, Kirk.  This seems pretty sudden.  I mean you were all set to give up everything we had built together and now all of the sudden you come back, asking for forgiveness and saying youve seen the error of your ways.  Did you get religion?  Or is there something more to this?
Im just sorry, thats all.  And I want you back.
Theres more to this than you being sorry, Kirk.  Tell me the truth.  Did Hooters Girl kick you out?
OK, Kirk said.  She did kick me out, but thats not the reason Ive come back.  I came back because I realize how deeply I love you.  How much Ive ALWAYS loved you.
Why did she kick you out, Kirk?
Id rather not say, he said.
Then this conversation is done, LeAnnie said.  You need to leave now.
All right, Ill tell you, he said.  She kicked me out because of this rash.
The jazz-like scratching rhythm had begun again and then seemed to end in a long, bluesy kind of crescendo.
Just how bad is this rash, Kirk?
Well, there are a lot of open sores and inflammation and quite a bit of swelling.  The dermatologist said he thinks its a pretty severe case of poison ivy, but hes running more tests because I cant imagine how I got poison ivy in my pants.  Im staying in a hotel room right now and pretty much sit around with no clothes on just for relief.  It hurts when anything touches it, and for some reason it keeps getting worse.
Is it an STD, Kirk? 
Its not an STD, but my girlfriend thinks it is.
How ridiculous that Hooters Girl could even conceive of the possibility that you might CHEAT on her.  Where ever would she get that idea, Kirk?
And that was the point that LeAnnie started to laugh. So, you come back here after getting kicked out of the home wreckers house to ask me to take you back so I can treat your herpetic wounds?  The volume of her laughter increased.  You leave me after 22 years of marriage for the 20-something woman who sold you the mid-life crisis mobile and you come back saying that you made a tiny mistake?  Like using creamy peanut butter instead of extra crunchy on your sandwich?
LeAnnie started laughing so hard it was a wonder she could even breathe then.  We heard the front door open and close and the speaker clicked off.  I guess Kirk got the message that LeAnnie wasnt interested in reconciliation.
LeAnnie returned to the party at her own kitchen table where we toasted a most memorable evening.
To LeAnnie and her new independence, Kim said, as we clinked our glasses together.
And to the friends who helped bring Kirks true colors to the surface of his groin! LeAnnie added.
I must say that I havent laughed so hard in many, many years.  My stomach muscles actually ached that night.
I must admit that I tremendously enjoyed my drive home the next morning.  In Hooters Girls the yard sat Kirks Corvette, the windows still smudged with red.  On it a sign read, Corvette for sale.  Reasonable Price or Will Trade for Motor Home in Decent Condition.
Speaking of just desserts

Black Forest Cheesecake

1 9-ounce package Oreo cookies
3/4 stick of butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces

1-1/2 cups whipping cream
1 12ounce package semisweet chocolate chips
2 8-ounce packages cream cheese
3/4 cups sugar
4 eggs 
1-1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract

1 21-ounce can cherry pie filling
Extra whipping cream for garnish

1.  Butter spring form pan.  Crush cookies and cut in the butter.  Press into pan.
2.  Preheat oven to 325 degrees.  Heat chocolate chips and whipping cream stirring constantly until chocolate melts.  
3.  Beat cream cheese and sugar until smooth.  Add eggs.  Add chocolate mixture and vanilla and stir well. Pour into crust.
4.  Bake 1-1/4 hours.  Refrigerate for several hours before serving.
5.  Spread cherry pie filling on top and garnish with whipped cream.

****

Chapter 6
Two Drink Minimum

My kids, Jessie 18 and Josh 20, had always appreciated the fact that my ex-husband, Walter, and I celebrated the holidays together after our divorce, and so Ive fixed each of these special meals and welcomed Walter in.
When we were first divorced Walter seemed to appreciate the homemade meals.  When I asked him to bring part of the meal he would, in the early years, bring what he considered his share. One year he brought napkins and a bottle of pop and the next a can of black olives and a can of cranberry sauce which only he would eat.  You know the kind.  Its a blob of gelatinous goo that requires opening both ends of the can in order to slide it out onto a plate.  
When I was a kid I opened a can of cranberry glob, slid it out, and cut it into the shape of a kidney.  Santa had brought me the game of Operation that year and I took the plastic funny bone from the game and placed it discretely in the middle of the cranberry kidney.  I was asked to say grace that year.  At the end of the heartfelt thanks I announced that one lucky dinner guest would receive a gift from within the mucus-like cranberry substance.  In preparing for my future as a surgeon I explained, in what I felt were quite scientific terms, I had implanted a prosthetic device within the cranberry kidney.  The winner could come forward at the end of the meal to claim his or her prize upon return of the prosthesis to the game board without lighting up the fat guys nose.  My mom looked closely into what I thought was a very cleverly designed kidney and gave me the stink eye.  She picked up the plate, and the cranberry sauce skated for a minute and almost dove onto the floor.  She invited me into the utility room where I received a lecture on wasting food and a spanking to remind me to keep my surgical aspirations away from the holiday meal table in the future.
Typically at the end of a holiday meal Walter would stand up, go into the kitchen, and start filling containers with leftovers which he would put into his vehicle to take home.  He would then head upstairs where he kicked back to enjoy the football games which none of the rest of us cared to watch while the kids and I spent the next hour washing dishes.
I must say that as the years have gone by and Ive suggested more and more strongly that he chip in for these meals, Ive become resentful that he doesnt help; although its not worth a fight in front of the kids to make my point.  And so Ive adopted a two drink minimum policy, requiring at least two glasses of any alcoholic beverage before he comes in to mask the way I truly feel about spending these holiday meals with my ex-husband.  I must admit that it has worked quite well for me all these years as by the end of the second glass Im always happy to see him.  
Last year I called Walter a couple of days before Christmas.
Hey, Walter, I said.  What part of Christmas dinner can you bring?
I didnt know I needed to bring anything, he said.
It would be nice if you could bring something, I said.
What are we having? he asked.
Turkey and all the trimmings, I said.
Didnt we just have turkey for Thanksgiving?
Yes, we did, but the kids wanted turkey for Christmas too.
Again?
Yes, again.
Id rather have ham, he said.
I already bought the turkey, I said.
Its not too late to buy a ham, too, Walter said.
Is that what youd like to bring for the meal? I asked, quite hopeful hed agree.
No, I dont want it that badly, he said.  The turkey will just have to do, I guess.
What can you bring, then? I asked.
I dont know, he said, Ill check my cabinets and see what Ive got.
Ill be waiting with bated breath, I said, sarcasm oozing like the cranberry mucus only he would eat.
On Christmas day Walter walked in and inhaled deeply appreciating all of the wonderful scents that filled the air.  There was turkey which is, of course, the most incredible smell in the world.  The home-made bread would be coming out of the oven any moment.  The sweet potatoes were baking with the marshmallows getting lightly browned and inflated.  The fragrance of stuffing filled the air as it was scraped from the bowels of the turkey.  The underlying fragrance of pumpkin and pecan pie was still palpable as theyd been baked that morning.
Merry Christmas, dad, Josh and Jessie said, so happy to see their dad on this special day.
Merry Christmas! Walter said, setting a small grocery bag on the counter and turning again to head outside.  Lucy, this is for dinner.  Josh and Jessie, come help me bring in the presents! he said to the kids.
They all headed outside and I couldnt wait to see what delicacies hed brought for this special occasion.  I opened the bag hed left on the counter and in it found a can of generic pork n beans.  I promptly downed my third glass of champagne.
Pork n beans?  Shallow Lucy asked.  She had floated in ever so quietly on the bubbles of champagne.  There isnt even real pork in this can; just little, white chunks of pork-like substance.  Look closely at the can, Lucy.  The word pork is actually enclosed in quotation marks.  Did he think you wouldnt notice this?
The three of them headed upstairs where his gifts for the kids were opened with the excitement that always comes with Christmas.  From downstairs in the kitchen I could hear the squeals of delight and the deep appreciation the kids expressed for the dozens of gifts they opened.  When they were done the living room floor was knee-deep in wrapping paraphernalia.  
That afternoon with the meal on the table and the pork n beans nestled on the shelves of my cabinets, Jessie said grace.
Dear, God, she began, thank you for this beautiful meal and for letting our whole family be here together to share it.  Amen.
Amen, I said, reminded once again that the kids were the reason I kept inviting this man for the holidays, and grateful that I could hold back what I really wanted to say.
When the meal began, though, I simply could not stop my imagination from going to those familiar dark places to which ex-husbands are so often taken by ex-wives.
I watched as Walter ate bite after bite of the meal I had spent the last two days preparing.  After he took a particularly large mouthful of the roasted garlic mashed potatoes, I pictured the can of pork n beans in Shallow Lucys hand.  In my minds eye she took aim and hurled that 16-ounce can at Walters generously sized head.  It landed with the precision of a professional baseball players pitch, right across his holiday plate for a strike that would go down in the record books.  He went slightly cross eyed for a brief moment, wavered, and landed face first in his holiday meal.  He convulsed slightly from side to side, just long enough to fill the left ear canal with sweet potatoes and lightly browned marshmallows and the right ear canal with a small helping of ambrosia, a pineapple tidbit balancing precariously for a moment and then plummeting into his ear for good measure.
Nicely done, Shallow Lucy! I shouted!  What an arm!
Nearly a year passed and Thanksgiving was upon us again.  I decided to be more specific about my desire to split both the work and the expense of the holiday meal this time and so I called Walter.
Hi, Walter, I said.  Will you be coming over for Thanksgiving this year?  
In my mind I prayed over and over that hed say he had other plans.  Although I know that sometimes the answer to our prayers is no I still held out that hope for a moment.
Wouldnt miss it for the world, he said.
What would you like to bring? I asked.
You do such a great job making the meal that I hate to bring anything I make, he said.
The kids like your cooking, I said.  What can you bring?
I can bring pop, he said.
Thats a great start, I encouraged him.
What do you mean, a great start?
I mean what else would you like to bring?  Id like to split the meal this year with each of us bringing something substantial.
Well, I guess I could bring a bag of salad, he said.
That would help, I said.
Do you have salad dressing or do I have to bring that too? he asked.
I have dressing here.  What else can you bring?
Really, thats about it, he said.  You know how tight things are at the holidays.
I could literally feel my blood pressure going up and knew I had to end the phone call before it got out of control and I lost it. For the sake of my own health I just had to let this go.
And so he came for Thanksgiving this year and indeed brought a bag of salad. 
Happy Thanksgiving! he said to the kids when he walked in.
Heres the salad, he said, as he handed me a bag of iceberg lettuce and shredded carrot pieces.
Did you remember the pop? I asked.
Oops, he said.  Guess I forgot that part.
The fantasies began again that year but with less impact than last year because in my mind no matter how hard I threw that bag of lettuce the outcome was never as dramatic as it had been when the can of beans cracked him in the head at Christmas.  I did make up my mind, though, that I would be more direct for Christmas this year.
A couple of weeks before Christmas Walter called.
Hello? I said.
Are you having Christmas dinner again this year? he asked.
Im glad you called because I wanted to talk to you about that, I said.
Yes? he said.
I wonder if you could take care of Christmas dinner this year? I said.
What do you mean, take care of it? he asked.  You mean bring something for dinner?
No, I said, I mean prepare the entire meal.
You know Im only renting a room in my brothers house, he said.
You have a kitchen there, right? I asked.
Yes, he said.
Its the same kitchen your mother prepared all of the holiday meals in when you were growing up, right?
Yes, he answered.
The kitchen works, right? I asked.
I guess, he said.
Well, then, I suggested, why dont you fix dinner this year?
I dont really know how to cook that much food, he stammered.
Id be happy to print some recipes out for you, I offered.
Theres really not room over here for all of us, he argued.
Well, then, you can bring the food over to my house.
Youre a much better cook, he said.
I agree, Walter, but Im on strike.  Ive fixed every holiday meal for the last ten years since weve been divorced.  And Im not going to cook another one until youve taken your turn.
Ill have to buy one of the pre-packaged holiday meals at the grocery store, he said.
Thats fine, I said.  Ill provide the salad.  And dont worry about the dressings, Ill get those too.
Yeah, he said sarcastically, thanks.  That will be a great help.
Anything I can do, I said earnestly.
Over the next three days Walter called twice to convince me that it was a monumentally bad idea to leave him in charge of the meal.  Both times I stood my ground and said that I was just not going to take care of it this time.
He then called to elicit Jessies help in convincing me that this was a really, really bad idea.
Mom, Jessie said after talking with her dad on the phone for a while.  Do you really think its a good idea to make dad do Christmas dinner this year?
Why do you ask? I said.
Well, he said that he looked into buying the pre-packaged meals but theyre way too expensive.  If he spends that much money on Christmas dinner he wont be able to buy as many Christmas gifts this year.
Maybe hed be better off making the meal himself then, I suggested.
He says that costs a lot too, she said.
Jessie, I said, Im trying to make your dad understand how much time and money Ive invested in preparing the holiday meals over the years while he chooses to help with less and less each year.  I need a break this year, and its his turn.  Ive paid for every meal for the past ten years out of my Christmas money, and I dont feel a bit bad asking him to do this for the first time.
That seems fair, she agreed.
A couple of days later she approached me again.
Dad called, she said, and asked if its OK if he cooks dinner over here instead of making it at his house.  He says it will get cold if he cooks it at home and then brings it here.
Thats fine, I said.  
He also wants to know if he can use your flour, she said.  
No, Jessie, I said, he needs to bring his own flour.
He also wanted to know if he can use your eggs, milk, and seasonings.
No, I said, standing my ground.  He really needs to bring the entire meal this time.  
Fair enough, she said.  Thats what I thought youd say.
After she told him that hed have to purchase all of the food, he told her that he got the fact that I was trying to teach him a lesson and I could stop now.  But she told him that I really meant it and he agreed to buy all of the food.
Anticipating that hed still be relying on the items in my kitchen I stopped replenishing my groceries over the next couple of weeks.  On Christmas day there would be no milk, eggs, or butter.  If he found himself in need of these items he would need to make a trip to the convenience store and pay for them.  I did leave one potato, though, with a number of roots protruding from its wrinkled skin.  I even considered gift wrapping it but decided that would just be going too far.
I awaited Christmas day with more anticipation than usual.  The thought of lying around in my sweats while Walter slaved in the kitchen was just breathtaking.  My fantasy took me away to a place where I laid on the couch and snapped my fingers as he refilled my champagne flute with Dom Perignon in between trips to the kitchen where he sweated like a pig moving from the stove to the counter tops and back to the oven to ensure everything would be done to perfection. 
Jessie went grocery shopping with him the week before the big day and came home and announced that he had spent $86.00 on food for the meal.  I guess the lesson was truly sinking in.
Christmas day arrived and Walter came over in the morning and unloaded his grocery bags.  
What did you decide to make for the dinner? he asked.
I brought a bag of salad, I said.  I thought I told you thats what I would bring.
You did tell me that, he said, but I was hoping youd bring more.
Well, I said, I guess I could go through my cupboards and see what I have.
I went into my cabinets and produced the can of pork n beans and asked if that would help.  I wondered if hed even recognize them.
Thats very funny, he said.  Why would I want beans for Christmas dinner?  Clearly he did not remember his contribution to last years meal.
Good point, I said.  I guess the salad will have to do.
Josh, Jessie, and Walter spent several hours in the kitchen that day and together they made a meal to remember.  When they headed for the kitchen to start the meal, I went to bed and read and slept for a couple of hours.  It truly was the most relaxing Christmas day I had ever had.  The food was excellent and the table was beautiful.  We had all of the holiday classics and I just opened my contribution and poured it into a festive bowl. 
Before he left that evening I tried to express what a nice break he had given me.
Thank you, Walter, I said, for fixing the meal this year.  The food was wonderful and it was really nice to be able to just take a nap instead of spending two days in the kitchen.
Youre welcome, he said.  I had my doubts that I could really pull it off.  Im glad you enjoyed it.
You know Id really like to keep splitting the holiday meals from now on, I said.  Next year Ill let you choose either Thanksgiving or Christmas dinner and we can each prepare one.
I dont think well need to do that, he said.
What do you mean? I asked.
Ive decided that Im going to move to Florida next year, he said.  Jessie will be graduating from high school and she really wont need me around anymore.  The weather in Michigan is getting to me, and the day after her graduation Ill be gone.
Thus ends the holiday meal saga.  No longer will I require two drinks minimum to get me through.  No longer will I need to fantasize about justice being served to Walter through a precisely pitched can of pork n beans.  Sadly, though, no longer will Josh and Jessie get to share the holiday meals with their dad whom they adore.  My gain is certainly their loss; a bittersweet victory to be sure.

****


Chapter 7
Russell Crowes Dysfunctional Doppelganger

My life has certainly changed with the advent of internet dating.  After e-mailing for a while, I met THE perfect physical specimen of a man tonight.  Hes a professional body builder, and his face looks just like Russell Crowe.  No kidding!  Had the date only gone as beautifully as the man himself.
Of course when we first met at a sports bar of his choosing, I was incredibly intimidated; he was literally 10,000 leagues out of my league.
He wore a size-too-small yellow tee shirt that said, Official wet tee shirt judge; bribes happily accepted.  In retrospect this should have been my first clue to end the date early.  The problem was he was just so great to look at I honestly didnt even notice the words on the shirt until after his fourth or fifth drink and a six pack of red flags had been raised.
The short sleeves on the tee shirt were rolled up James Dean style allowing me to glimpse his powerfully muscled arms.  I wondered self consciously if I was drooling and dabbed discretely at the corners of my mouth to assure there was no dribble.
Beneath the yellow shirt were clearly defined lines which brought to mind the great artists in history.  I actually pictured this man naked and posing for Michelangelo.  My mind was now absorbed in this mans complete physical perfection.  He was completely irresistible and I found myself actually licking my chops!  Oh, my God, I was behaving like...like a man!
I knew I had to get myself under control but I just couldnt stop staring.  I wanted to touch this man and feel all of those beautiful muscular outlines.  I mean he worked so hard building them because he wanted to attract women who wanted to touch them, right?  I could finally completely relate to that blank stare to which men reverted when admiring cleavage or a large pair of breasts haphazardly clothed to gain the attention of an appreciative gaze.
I knew I HAD to stop.  He was a man after all, not just a gorgeous body wearing a too small shirt and jeans that made my breath come out a bit raspy.  And his belt...oh, his belt.  It was gently cinched at his tiny waist accentuating the Greek God-like perfection that was his body.  His belt buckle was a golden arrow which pointed directly down; not so subtle but certainly effective.
Oh, I was melting right there in my seat directly under the big screen that flashed advertisements of name brand jeans...Men wearing ONLY jeans.  And then the picture changed to a desert scene and a woman sporting only shear, flowing wraps.  The buff man handed the lovely woman a refreshing bottle of cool, mountain spring water and they collapsed together under the only tree for miles around.  They then embraced each other in the beginning of what all who watched knew would end in the most passionate experience either of them would ever encounter.
My hormones were definitely in overdrive.  I HAD to tone them down and pay attention to more than his physique.
I forced my eyes away from the passionate embrace on television and back to the delicious man before me and willed myself to speak coherently.
Biff, youre far better looking in person than you are in your picture, I said.
Thanks, he said.
With internet dating you never know which way it will go.  Some people look better, some not so much, I said.  I must admit that I was fishing for a compliment which might mirror the one I had given him.
Yup, he agreed.
Its always interesting though, I offered.
Sure is, he said.
A waitress approached us, breaking up the uncomfortable conversation.  The first thing that came to my mind was Barbie.  The second thing was that the Russell Crowe look alike was staring at her exactly the way I had been staring at him only moments ago, and I was suddenly almost ashamed of myself.
What can I do for you? asked Barbie.  She was clearly eyeing Russell Crowes twin exactly the way I had been.  She gave him Barbies biggest smile which I swear looked exactly like the one my very own doll gave to Ken so many years ago.  The smile that said that if I had to leave the table for any reason, shed be there to help him with ANYTHING he needed.  She gave me a quick once over.  The look on her face clearly said What are you doing sitting there?  You are so far out of your league you havent even made it to the ball park!
I really hate this part of dating.  Im such an average-looking person and when I meet a guy like this I feel comparatively so much less than average.  Usually I fall back on my quick wit and clever conversation, but because this man was just so beautiful I had clearly lost that advantage with my tongue tied so tight it felt like a tourniquet had been applied.
Ill have a Douche bag, said Russell Crowes look alike.
Pardon me? I said, clearly dumbfounded.
You know, said helpful Bartender Barbie, Crown Royal whiskey and a splash of Coca Cola.  
Of course, I said, that goes without saying.  Pretty clever.  Bartender Barbie comes with her very own mixed drinks manual complete with recipes for the ever popular Douche Bag, Red Headed Slut, Blow Job, and Sex on the Beach with a Jelly Fish.  Clearly her education will take her far.
Barbie stooped down far enough for Russell Crowe to get a scenic view of her cleavage which rivaled the Grand Canyon and the vast expanse of her Grand Tetons and placed a napkin in front of him.  Russell clearly appreciated being taken on this tour.
All right, said Barbie.  Ill bring that back before your heart can skip a beat.  She giggled then; an actual, seventh grade twitter that exuded all of the intellect and depth of junior high best friends agreeing on the cutest boy in school.  She turned and walked away.
Excuse me? I said feeling quite set apart from their exclusive interaction.
Barbie turned her head slightly, still moving in the opposite direction.  
Something wrong? she asked.
Id like to order a drink, I said.
Oh, my, I cant even believe I forgot to take your order, she said.
Something was telling me this was NOT going to be the best first date ever.
Id like a caramel apple martini, I said.
One of my favorites, Barbie said to my date.  Back in a jiff, hon.
So, Russell Crowes lovely look alike said, turning his attention from Barbie and back to my terribly average face and not even close to average cleavage.  How do you like the weather?
Now theres a conversation starter, I thought.  This guy has the gift of gab to be sure.  
Its been a bit rainy for my liking, but the farmers sure can use the water.
I dont like rain, he said.  It depresses me, and I dont like to be depressed.
To be sure, depression is a hard thing to live with, I said.  Ive heard that some people treat depression with special lights. 
I get plenty of light at the gym.  Can you tell I work out?
Yes, I said giving his biceps a thorough review, yes, I can.  You look great.
Do you want to see more? he asked quite eagerly.  I can take my shirt off if you want.
Maybe later, I said, wondering if he was joking but pretty sure he was not.
Barbie returned with our drinks and placed the douche bag on the table.  
Thank you, said Russell Crowes twin, would you bring me another when you get a chance, babe?
Babe, I thought.  Babe.  Who even says that? 
I could tell Barbie liked her newly acquired nickname as she bubbled and said, Certainly.
I took a sip of my martini.
I think this is an apple martini, not a caramel apple martini, I said.
Whatever, Barbie sniped at me.  
What a vocabulary, I thought.  
OK, then, I said, this will be fine.  I was just not in the mood for an argument.
While I engaged Barbie in this fine conversation, the beautiful man sitting across the table slammed back his entire douche bag in one gulp.  Wow, I thought, I would never have guessed that I would have strung those words together.  This night was certainly full of surprises.
Good drink? I asked.  
Maybe a bit heavy on the Coke, he replied.  My sarcasm was clearly lost on this man.
Im sure the next one will be better, I offered.
Sure, he agreed.  It does help take the edge off the day, though.
Indeed.
Looking at this mans turquoise eyes I finally understood the cheesy poetry written by love sick men who talked about getting forever lost in the Caribbean pools which were the windows to the soul.  My God, but he was gorgeous.  I must admit I felt hopelessly ensnared.
I think I remember from your profile that you enjoy reading, I said.  What kind of books do you enjoy?
Books? he asked.
Yes, books.
I dont really read books, per se.
Per se?
I do read, but mostly magazines about body building.  And I know this might sound odd, but I just love reading Marvel comics.
Odd?  This might sound odd?  Yes, it does sound odd.  But who am I to judge this man?  We all need an outlet for stress.  I read Stephen King, and some people might think thats odd.
Oh, I said.  Which character is your favorite?
Batman is classic, he said.  You just cant go wrong with Batman.  Whoever invented that guy is pure genius.
Ive always been a Spiderman fan myself, I said.
Batman could definitely kick Spidermans ass any day of the week, he said with a slightly condescending gaze.
Hmm.  Ive never really considered that.
Well, trust me, he could.
Barbie returned with his second drink.  She bent to pick up his empty glass, but he put his hand on it.
I need you to leave that here, he said.  I want to keep track of how many I drink.
Barbie pulled her hand back.  Well, I thought, he drinks responsibly.  Thats a good sign, right?
Do you want to run a tab? Barbie asked.
Yes, Russell Crowe said, And please bring me another drink.
All right, Barbie chirped, looking straight at my date.  How about your friend here?  Does she want another one?
I was sitting right there at the table.  Had I somehow become invisible?  Had I finally attained the right to wear Harry Potters cloak of invisibility?  Could she really not see me?
No thank you, I said, trying to will her gaze in my direction...quite unsuccessfully I might add.
Try as I may I just could no longer ignore the red flags this beautiful man was stacking up on the pole.  We had been here for less than ten minutes and he had just ordered his THIRD drink.  This was definitely not a good sign.
Well, I thought, maybe hes just nervous.  I didnt want to judge this gorgeous man too harshly or too soon.
He leaned to the right and hesitated for a few seconds and then a very unpleasant odor wafted my direction.  This man had actually let an SBD...on our first date.  And he hadnt the proper manners to excuse himself!  I was indignant.  Did he think so little of me that he felt he could just pass gas across the table from me on our first date?  He couldnt possibly think I wouldnt notice!  The smell was bad enough that I thought the wall paper might start to peel.  I have a rather fragile gag reflex and I had a fairly difficult time willing it not to trigger.  It was THAT bad.
I wrinkled my nose and gave him the stink eye, but he rolled his eyes away from my stare and feigned interest in some spots on the ceiling and tapped his fingers nervously on the table.
He took a couple of long drinks and settled back...on both cheeks, thank Heaven.  
I noted a very red tint coming out on his cheeks and nose and just let the red flag of probable alcoholism wave about in the unpleasant air for a bit.
So, he said seeming to come out of his shell more with each douche bag...or maybe he just felt less gassy.  How long have you been divorced?
Ten years now, I said, and you?
Six years, he said.  She found herself another man while I was on the road making a decent living so we could eat and have a roof over our heads, that ungrateful bitch!  He emphasized the word bitch and finished off his drink.  He turned the first two glasses upside down and stacked the third pyramid style.
I pictured another red flag being raised.  I wondered if the number of flags would ultimately equal the number of glasses on the pyramid by the end of the evening.
The realization that he was completely un-datable this early in the evening made the rest of my time spent in this smoky sports bar with this too handsome man with an unbelievably hot body seem like I was watching a B-rate movie.  I could now sit back and watch the show unfold.  I wondered how much weirder the evening could get, but not for long.
You wanna know how I found out another man was poking my wife?
What I should have done, I realize in vivid hindsight, was politely declined to delve so deeply into this mans sordid and painful past, feigned a headache, and excused myself before the glass pyramid could expand exponentially.  I should have gone home, donned my Spiderman pajamas, grabbed my body-sized pillow named Herman, and thanked God that I was safe at last.
Unfortunately I found that I just could not do that.  Curiosity held me firmly in my seat and kept me from listening to the common sense voice whispering and then shouting madly to run from this man and his flaming red cheeks and nose.  Frankly I could not wait to hear his answer.
Well, he said in a slightly slurred drawl as he waved his empty glass at Barbie.  I came home from my cross country driving route a day early to surprise my ex-wife for our fifth wedding anniversary.  I had gone all out.  I had roses and her favorite champagne.  I had bought a box of chocolates and a sexy negligee with matching stilettos.  I even had special candles that were supposed to have an aphrodisiac effect and smelled like tutti-frutti or some crap like that.  I had spared no expense and even had a pair of cherry gummy handcuffs; her favorites for any occasion.  A class act all the way to be sure.
This man with the heavenly body seemed suddenly to be listing to the right and I couldnt tell if hed had enough to drink to make the room appear at an angle or if the air would suddenly begin to smell unpleasant again.
Barbie approached the table with another Douche Bag and placed her hand gently on his left shoulder and righted the man in his seat.  This was done with all the indifference of a sports bar waitress whod seen it all and helped to set men right all the time.
You know the drill, he said to Barbie, one more douche bag when you get the chance.  Actually make it a double.  This is where the story gets really good.
All right, honey, she said.  But even Barbie was beginning to look less interested in my date.
Where was I? he asked.
How you discovered your ex-wife was being unfaithful.
Oh, yeah, he continued.  So I pull my rig into the driveway of our home, and as Im backing it up at the side of the house I could swear I see a pot bellied pig run out of my front door.  Well, I know Im tired as Ive put a lot of miles in over the last week and so I think I must be seeing things...like Ive seen in the past.  Although the doctors told me after my last long-term visit that if I stayed on my medications I probably wouldnt see those things again.  
So I keep backing it up while Im thinking that maybe I just need to increase that medication a bit and I see a sheep darting past the passengers side of my truck.  I stop what Im doing and get out of the truck, and as I do a man runs right past me, passes the sheep, and jumps right over the pig.  Hes wearing pink leather chaps and a fuchsia boa and absolutely NOTHING else.  
Russell Crowes look alike pounded back the douche bag and added the glass to the expanding pyramid.
The guy jumped into a lavender pick-up truck and hauled ass out of my driveway.  The last thing he said was, Tell Trudy Ill come back for Heather and Tiffany later.  I stood there dumbfounded, trying to process the scene that had just played out.
What did you do then? I asked, mesmerized and completely unable to fathom what I was hearing.  And yet he seemed to be so sincere.  
I went into the house and followed a trail of fuchsia feathers and sheep poop all the way to the bedroom where my ex-wife, Trudy, was pretending to be sound asleep.  I turned on the light and as she moved her hand to cover her eyes I heard a jingling sound under the covers.  I pulled the sheet back and saw that she was wearing a pink leather vest with fringe, pink alligator skin cowboy boots with sequined spurs...and nothing else.
Oh, my God, I said quietly, What did you say?
I said, Some freak wanted me to tell you that hed be back for Heather and Tiffany later.  Who the Hell are Tiffany and Heather?
She started to cry then and said, Tiffany is a pot bellied pig and Heather is a sheep.
What in the Hell were you doing with a pig and a sheep in my damned house? I asked her.
Wait, I said, and held up a hand.  I dont really think Im up to hearing the rest of this story.
Are you sure? he asked.  Because this is where the story gets really fun.
The voice inside my head was literally screaming at me to leave before the rest of this conversation scarred me for life.  And for a change I actually listened.
Im sure, I said.  Im really so sorry that your wife left you for a man in pink chaps and a fuchsia boa...
...And a pot bellied pig and a sheep... he slurred, dont forget Tiffany and Heather.
Right, I said, and Tiffany and Heather.  But, really, Im afraid I must be going.  My daughter wasnt feeling terribly well before I left and I really need to get home and check on her.
You mean you left a sick kid at home to come and meet me? he asked.  Well Ill take that as a hopeful sign of many dates in our future.
Barbie arrived with another drink and set it down.  I had the feeling the pyramid would continue to grow long after my departure and hoped hed call a cab...or far more likely talk Barbie into giving him a ride home. 

In honor of Tiffany, the pot-bellied pig, curl up after a disappointing date with some pasta Carbonara.  This Biff-inspired dish will make you almost happy a date failed just so you can wallow in this amazing comfort food.

Tiffanys Pasta Carbonara

1 pound spaghetti
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 pound of sliced bacon, diced
1 sweet onion, chopped
1 clove garlic, minced
5 eggs
1 cup grated Parmesan cheese
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley

1.  In a large pot of boiling, salted water, cook spaghetti pasta until done.  Drain and toss with 1 tablespoon of olive oil.
2.  In a large skillet, cook chopped bacon until slightly crisp and drain on paper towels. Reserve 3 tablespoons of bacon fat. Add chopped onion and cook over medium heat until onion is translucent.  Add minced garlic, and cook 1 minute more.
3.  Return cooked bacon to pan and heat the pan and the bacon grease.  Add cooked and drained spaghetti.  Toss to coat and heat through.  Add beaten eggs and cook, tossing constantly until eggs are barely set.  Quickly add 1 cup of Parmesan cheese and toss again.
4.  Sprinkle parsley on top and serve. 

****


Chapter 8
How Much Wood Could a...

Just how does one coax a woodchuck down from a 20-foot birch tree?  The answer to this most unusual question, of course, would come from my three best friends encouraged by a plethora of martinis.  This is just one of a great number of dilemmas resolved by my fellow martini drinkers as theyve helped me muddle through my life as a single mom in a small Michigan town.
I heard my dogs, Bella and Molly, making a ruckus in the yard this morning, and I watched in amazement as they chased a woodchuck right up a tree.  He scrambled nearly to the top and then clung to the trunk. 
After a time the dogs lost interest and I put them inside to give the poor guy a chance to come down, but he did not.  I went in when I finished my chores and kept looking out to see if he was still there and found he remained frozen solid right where hed stuck initially.
I was concerned about the cute, chubby guy as it seemed so wrong for a woodchuck to be in a tree, and so I called Joye.
Hey, Joye, I said.  I need your not so professional opinion.  Theres a woodchuck in the tree in my backyard and hes been there for several hours.  Is that normal?  Joye is a top aeronautical industry executive and always has the answers.
Normal? she asked.  Are you serious?  Just out of curiosity when was the last time you saw a woodchuck anywhere besides on the ground?  Use your common sense, woman, woodchucks do not belong in trees.  No, this is not normal.
What should I do? I asked.
Just leave him alone.  Hell come down eventually.
Eventually? I asked.  How long do you suppose that will take? 
Hell come down as soon as he gets good and hungry, she assured me.  Just dont let the dogs in the backyard again, and hell figure out how to rescue himself.
You sure? I asked.
Based on my experience in dealing with this exact situation in the past so many times, no Im not sure.  But Ill be fascinated to hear what happens.  Keep me posted!
I did as she suggested and kept the dogs out of the backyard...for the next 24 hours.  And still this chubby woodchuck clung to the birch tree 20 feet above our heads.  My neck was sore from watching him and wondering when hed get hungry.
I called Joye back.
Joye, I said.  The woodchuck is still in the tree.  What should I do?
Youve got to be kidding! she said.  You are the only person on earth who finds situations like this in your own backyard!  Life is certainly never dull for you, is it?
No, its not.  But the fact remains that this little guy has so far not found a way out of the tree.  Again I ask, what should I do?
Well, duh, well have a woodchuck martini party!
Whats a Woodchuck Martini?
Not a Woodchuck Martini - a martini party in honor of the woodchuck.  Well drink a toast and build a bonfire and conjure up the Gods of the holy rodents.  Theyll know what to do.
Well Im certainly glad you clarified that.  Im so grateful Ive sought your professional opinion!
Let go of your sarcasm for a minute and get the drinks ready.  Call the girls.  Well figure it out together.  I feel a brainstorming session coming on.  You know how vodka clears our minds!
Clears our minds? I said.  The last time we had a backyard martini party over here we got my new chainsaw out after the first three rounds to see what it could do.  Can you remember how that party ended?  Do you not remember the 14 stitches I had in my calf?
Yes, I remember it quite clearly, so quit your whining.  It was nothing more than a superficial wound. she said.  I think youre focusing too much on the negative aspects of that evening.  Dont you remember that sizzling hot paramedic that stopped the flow of blood?  Perhaps you overlook the gifts youre given far too easily.
Maybe she had a point, I thought.  That paramedic was pretty hot.  And the six months I dated him had gone great until he had suggested a cheerleading costume to spice up our love life a bit.  I thought that certainly sounded like an intriguing idea until I found out he was the one who would be wearing it.  Rah, rah, rah.
All right, I agreed rather reluctantly, Ill call the girls.
Within a couple of hours we had put the martini shaker to the test and the sun was going down.  The silhouette of the woodchuck clinging to the birch weighed heavily on our minds.
Let the brainstorming session begin, Joye said.  Our task is to figure out how to save the life of Tarzan the tree-bound woodchuck because he is too stupid to save his own little neck.
I have an idea, offered Kim. Two of you can hold a beach towel out to catch him and I can throw rocks and knock him out of the tree.
I can see the headlines now, LeAnnie said dryly.  How Many Woodchuck Rock Chuckers Could PETA Chuck into a wood chipper?
Im not saying its the best idea, Kim said, but I am saying that its the best idea weve had yet.
Its the ONLY idea weve had! I argued.
Well, then, Kim said, Until you have a better idea, I say we try this.
Agreed, piped in Joye. 
LeAnnie? I said hoping for some semblance of common sense to intervene.
Ill pour the drinks, LeAnnie offered.  Lucy, you get the towel.  Although well have to hit him awfully hard to jar his death grip on that tree trunk, and depending on his trajectory as he falls, he could land on one of us. 
Lucky thing we had an engineer in the group, I guess.
I brought out a beach towel sporting a half naked Fabio with flowing hair meandering slowly down a beach at sunset drinking a Dos Equis with lime.  Kim picked up a perfect skipping stone and took aim.
Its too dark, she said, I need a light.
I retrieved an Ever Ready flashlight from the garage and pointed it up into the white branches of the birch tree.  Tarzan barely acknowledged the light with a short blink of his eyes.
Kim took aim and with some serious effort threw the skipping stone at Tarzan.  The stone hit a branch a couple of feet below the woodchuck and bounced off and cracked LeAnnie right on the forehead.
Holy shit, Kim! she whined.  You could have killed me!  She was dabbing at a trickle of blood with Fabios Speedo.
Sorry, LeAnnie, Kim said quite sincerely, I guess thats not going to work.
Lets try to scare him out of the tree, Joye suggested.  She went to her car and returned in a couple of minutes with an air horn.
Clearly a brilliant idea, I said.  The neighbors wont mind this at all!
You let Kim throw one rock; just let me blow the horn once.  If Tarzan doesnt respond then well think of something else.  Now get the towel ready.  
Joye shone the flashlight on Tarzan.
Kim and LeAnnie and I held onto the towel and I must admit I thought the idea had some merit.  If someone blew an air horn at me it would certainly startle me into compliance!  The first problem with this plan, however, turned out to be the fact that we were holding onto the towel and could not, therefore, put our hands over our ears.  After the horn blasted I could not hear anything for what seemed like an eternity.  However I held the towel out hoping Tarzan would come raining down.  All I had to show for this effort, though, was ringing ears.  
Out of the corner of my eye, then, I noticed the pool skimmer lying next to the hot tub and I had what I thought at the time was the greatest idea.  We all went into the garage and brought out the two-story ladder.
OK, I said when we had propped the ladder up against the birch.  Ill take the skimmer up the ladder and scoop Tarzan up and carry him down.
Hes a wild animal, Kim said.  I dont think hes going to let you carry him down a 20-foot ladder in a pool skimmer.
Hes not a wild animal, I said, hes a rodent.
Hes an animal and he lives in the wild, Kim said.  He is therefore a wild animal, and I dont think hes going to cooperate.
We have to do something, I argued.  We cant just leave him up there.  LeAnnie, you go make more martinis because were going to celebrate when Tarzans safely back on the ground.  Joye and Kim, you hold the ladder so I dont take the fast way down.
I began to climb the ladder and two steps up had my doubts that this was the best plan as the ladder leaned and nearly fell before Kim and Joye could right it again.
Maybe we should think of something else, I said, a little shaken.
Or maybe we should just let nature take its course and leave Tarzan alone, said Kim gently trying to let me off the hook.  I mean, its JUST a woodchuck.  Theyre kind of destructive anyway.
On a logical level I agreed with Kim completely.  He was just a woodchuck.  Its not like he was a pet.  He was, in the truest sense of the word, a rodent, albeit a rodent with a name.
I jumped back to the ground and LeAnnie appeared with a tray of fresh drinks.  I leaned against the tree, took a sip of the caramel apple martini, and contemplated the situation.  I emptied the glass and found myself with renewed courage.
I am not one to back down from a challenge and really cant justify letting one of Gods creatures suffer because Im a coward.
After a few moments I placed the empty glass back on the tray and Joye, Kim, and LeAnnie followed my lead.  They emptied their glasses and returned to the task at hand.
When Joye and Kim had a better grip on the ladder I began my ascent.  I had taped the flashlight to the handle of the pool skimmer and shined the light on Tarzan ready to scoop him up and place him gently on solid ground again.  What a great plan.
However I had clearly not thought the entire process through to the end.  Did I mention that Tarzan was a bit chubby?  Once I got up close I realized he probably weighed 20 pounds.
Now Im standing 20 feet up on a ladder.  My confidence is bolstered by my fourth martini.  Ive got an Absolut (pun intended) death grip on the pool skimmer with a flashlight duct taped to the handle.  Two of my best friends are holding the ladder and their strength is bolstered by a combined total of eight martinis.  The reality of the situation is setting in.
Hey, Lucy, Kim shouted up the ladder into the darkness and fairly small circle of light on Tarzan.  Do you realize that four of us have consumed a total of 16 martinis?
Im so glad youre putting your accounting degree to use, Kim.  I said.
Im just saying, she offered, that maybe we should have started this project 12 martinis ago.
Must everything in an accountants life be broken down by numbers, I wondered.  What about the life of one of Gods creatures?  Could we put a numerical value on that?  I stood at the top of the ladder and contemplated this observation and suggestion.  
Maybe we should get the towel out and hold it in case Lucy comes down! LeAnnie joked.
I shined the light on Tarzan who turned his head no doubt to see who was invading his solitude.  His beady, black eyes blinked slowly and he really seemed quite disinterested.  I wondered if hed decided he would just sit up here until he starved to death.  Perhaps he was making a statement to his woodchuck friends and was on a hunger strike protesting unseen warring factions in a bid for peace in the animal kingdom over which he ruled.  Perhaps we should have named him Gandhi and he felt rebuffed when we referred to him as Tarzan.
Is he scared? Joye asked.
No, hes definitely not scared, I answered.
Is he foaming at the mouth? asked Kim.  You dont suppose hes rabid, do you?
Hes not foaming at the mouth, for Heavens sake, I answered.  He looks bored.  Now hold the ladder still, Im going to try to scoop him up.
As they tightened their grip on the ladder I braced myself with my left hand and moved the pool skimmer/flashlight combination underneath Tarzan.  He didnt move a bit until he felt the skimmer come up underneath him, and that was the point where his fight or flight instinct finally kicked in.  As I scooped him up and lifted his considerable heft he leaped away from me, and he sailed into the night.  I heard him hit first one branch and then another and then several more all the way down to the ground.  I shined the light and cringed as he hit each limb. 
Kim and Joye stood looking at the stunned and unmoving woodchuck encircled in the Ever Ready bath of light and LeAnnie approached him with the shaker only half full not knowing whether wed be filling it up to celebrate or mourn the loss of the chubby rodent.  As she leaned down Tarzan sprang to life and darted out from under the circle of light.  LeAnnie was so startled that she tripped and let go of the martini shaker and stumbled backward as she watched Tarzan lope across the yard with a bit of a limp and then through the picket fence to the freedom of the front yard.  But Tarzan did not stop there for we had already established he was a woodchuck with little brain and minimal survival skills.  He continued on right into the traffic in the busy street and the last thing we heard was a honking horn, the screech of tires, and a muffled thump.
Clearly what we learned through this is that its not the outcome of a situation thats ultimately important.  Its the friends with whom we share our victories and defeats, our souls and our goals, and especially our Woodchuck Martinis.
When life gives you sour milk, turn it into chocolate crepes.

Sour Milk Chocolate Crepes
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoon sugar
1-1/2 cups sour milk
4 large eggs
3 tablespoons melted butter

1.  Place flour, sugar, sour milk, eggs, and melted butter in a blender and puree for at least 30 seconds.  Let batter sit at room temperature for 20 minutes.
2.  Heat a nonstick skillet over medium heat.  Lightly coat with butter and put in 1/3 cup of the batter.  Swirl the batter around to cover the skillet bottom.  Cook until the underside is brown, 2-3 minutes.  Flip and cook the opposite side for one minute.

Filling:
4 ounces cream cheese
1/4 cup sugar
1/2 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips
2 tablespoons butter
1 cup frozen whipped topping, thawed

1.  In microwave melt together chocolate chips and butter.
3.  In mixing bowl cream together cream cheese and sugar.  Add melted chocolate.
4.  Fold in whipped topping.
Place 2-3 tablespoons of filling in each crepe and fold.

Note:  To make sour milk add one tablespoon plus one teaspoon of vinegar to the 1-1/2 cups of milk and it will sour in a few minutes. 

****


Chapter 9
Astrological Odds

I met a very philosophical gentleman this afternoon.  We have been e-mailing for quite some time and I had high hopes for this first date.  I really had the feeling this guy was going to be something special.
He had suggested that we meet at Carrabbas Italian Grill which I thought was a good sign as it is by far my favorite restaurant in Lansing.  However I realized when I arrived that Carrabbas was actually not open during the lunch hour on weekdays.
When he got out of his car, which was obviously easy to spot because it was the only other vehicle in the parking lot, he was indeed a very handsome man.  He had salt and pepper hair and wore a black turtleneck sweater and matching slacks.  His beard and mustache were nicely trimmed and he looked quite debonair.  He carried himself with an air of self assurance and, I noted, had great posture.  However as he approached I could see mounds of dandruff sprinkled over his shoulders, back and chest.
Hello, he said.  Youre Lucy I presume.
Hi, I answered.  You must be Ezekiel.
Indeed I am, he said, at your service.  And then he actually bowed and took my hand and kissed it.  Now, normally I would think this a quite sophisticated move; one you might see in the old black and white movies, made by a handsome man with a pencil-thin mustache wearing a tux, ready with a rose between his teeth to invite me to do the Mamba.  However as he made this gesture, a fine layer of fairy dust dandruff settled on my hand.  All I could think was that these were tiny pieces of this mans SKIN lying on my hand.  He was actually molting...on me!  
I really didnt want to hurt his feelings as I know from my years of typing for a dermatologist that this is a medical condition.  As a matter of fact the disorder in humans is quite similar to the disease in fish called Ick, which frankly is far more appropriately named.  And really I wouldnt want someone judging me on a skin disorder without really getting to know me.  He truly did deserve a chance, but I would have to diligently work at getting past the fairy dust on my hand.
Im a bit disappointed to see that Carrabbas is closed, I said.  I was starving and had really been looking forward to a nice meal at this fine restaurant.
Oh, I knew it was closed, he said.  But I figured it would be easier to meet in this parking lot than at the mall as it would be easier to identify one another.  I thought we could then head over to the mall and get a cup of coffee at the Starbucks in Barnes & Noble.
This date was certainly taking some unexpected turns, I thought.  I guess this means there will be no heavenly pasta, no refreshing Sangria, none of Carrabbas famous home-made bread to be dipped in olive oil and seasonings that could have made me melt right in my seat.  
Im not so set in my ways, though, that a change of plans will spoil my day.  Having worked at home for many years I know the meaning of being flexible.  Sometimes the unexpected events turn out to be the most enjoyable.  Besides Starbucks does have great coffee and it would be a nice place to get to know one another.  And so we each drove our respective cars to the mall across the street and headed for the bookstore. 
At the Starbucks counter I was looking over the menu, fantasizing about the wonderful coffee and bagel or dessert I would be enjoying in a few moments when Ezekiel interrupted my thoughts.
This will be my treat, he said.  What do you usually get?
I usually get a double caramel macchiato, I answered.
That sounds wonderful, Ezekiel said.  Would you mind if we split one?
Now the fact of the matter is that I did not want to split my coffee with him.  I was starving and my hopes for a meal at Carrabbas had already been dashed, sending my mind, body, and soul into an oblivion of comfort food depression.  But thanks to my mom and the impeccable set of manners with which I had been raised, my mouth agreed while my mind rebelled.
You didnt want food, too, did you? he asked.
Actually I am pretty hungry, I said and realized that I was actually feeling a bit light headed just thinking about the giant brownie that stared at me from within the glass case.  
I have a coupon for 50 cents off of biscotti, he offered.
Why dont you get that and Ill get a brownie, I said.
I dont have a coupon for that, Ezekiel practically sulked.
I really dont mind buying my own dessert...and coffee for that matter, I said.
No, Ezekiel said emphatically, waving his hand in the air as if to wipe even the suggestion away.  Above all else I am a gentleman.  I insist.  This is my treat.  Lets just share the brownie and Ill use the biscotti coupon another day...hopefully before it expires.
Clearly he managed his finances quite well, I thought.  He was obviously good at getting the most for his money.  This could be a good thing in a partnership, right?
We found a cozy table and Ezekiel set the brownie on the table.  He divided it into two pieces and, proving what a gentleman he truly was once again, allowed me to choose first, smiling appreciatively as I chose the smaller piece.  He then poured half of the coffee into another cup and took a sip, passing my half cup back toward me.  And so we sat with our respective portions of coffee and dessert and really began to get to know one another.  
What do you do for a living? Ezekiel asked.
I work from home editing medical documents, I said.  How about you?
Im an accountant, he answered.  What a surprise, I thought.
What do you do with your time off? I asked.
Well, my favorite hobby is astrology, he said.  You can learn infinite lessons from the stars.  Ive actually made some of the most important decisions in my adult life based on the alignment of the stars during a certain moon phase.
How did those decisions work out for you? I asked.
Well, youre sitting right here with me, arent you? he said.
So you decided to meet me because the moon was in the right phase? I asked wanting to clarify.
No, its not really that easy, Ezekiel said, speaking a bit more slowly now so that I could truly understand the conversation.
I decided to meet you because the moon in Pisces is void, and Im a Pisces.  And the Aries moon takes control when that occurs, and of course youre an Aries.  At this point the sun is expected to make a 90-degree liaison with Jupiter.  That, my friend, depicts the perfect circumstance under which to begin a new phase in ones own life.
Well, thats as clear as mud, I thought.  
Oh, I said, hoping the bewilderment wasnt as obvious on my face as it was in my brain.
I can see youre a bit befuddled, he said, looking at me sympathetically.  I apologize.  I get so excited about these things that I forget to speak in laymens terms.  Basically our moons are aligned nearly perfectly and we very well could be sitting right here looking into the eyes of our respective SOUL MATES!  How exciting is that!
Wow, I said, really trying to enjoy the same enthusiasm Ezekiel was clearly experiencing at this very moment.  Thats pretty amazing.
Youve got that one right, he said, now actually sitting on the edge of his seat and becoming so animated that I realized I had became very protective of my half of the brownie so it would not be flung to the floor in his excitement.
Now, I really do try to keep an open mind to other peoples beliefs.  Many people ascribe to astrology as a legitimate form of plotting out their futures; who am I to say it doesnt work?  Perhaps I should open my mind here and truly learn something from this man. 
Hurry up and finish your brownie so we can go do some research, he said.  I dont know about you, but I have a great feeling about this date.
As he said this he was literally shoving the last of his brownie in his mouth and was halfway standing up, ready to begin the astrology lesson of the day.  
I was absolutely sure it would be sacrilege to scarf the portion of brownie Id been given.  I was also pretty sure Ezekiel would be spending at least a bit of time in Hell for having so casually consumed one of a lifes greatest pleasures with no regard whatsoever to the soul it would feed.  Besides, my half of the coffee was already finished and so I scooped up the brownie and we practically sprinted to the astrology section.
You certainly seem to know just where youre going, I commented, holding my bit of brownie in a death grip.
Oh, I come here all the time, he said, now out of breath from the pace we were keeping.  I actually rarely buy a book but come in here to read all the latest releases.  Ill read a few chapters, fold the page where I leave off, and hide the book Im reading so no one disturbs it.  The next time I return I just pick up the book and continue reading.  Its a great system and saves me a TON of money.
Very clever, I said.  But isnt that what libraries are for?
Wheres the ambiance in a library? he asked.  Is there a Starbucks in any of the libraries youve visited?  And what about the new releases?  You actually have to be put on a waiting list to get a copy of anything newer than a year old.  No, I can count on Barnes and Noble for a great reading experience every time and I wouldnt trade it for all of the libraries in the world.
Dont you feel a bit guilty about not purchasing anything?  Dont you feel bad about taking up space where paying customers could be reading?  I mean, thats how they stay in business, I said.
Im sure they dont mind, he said.  If they did, would they leave all of these cozy seating areas around just inviting one to leisurely loll away the hours reading their books?  Of course not! he answered his own question.  Besides, I help make it look like a more desirable place to be.  People just want to spend time where other people go.  I help fill the place up.
Interesting concept, I thought.  Not one with which I completely agree, but interesting nonetheless.
We had finally arrived at the astrology section and Ezekiel moved a few books to the side on the bottom shelf, took out a book, and opened it to a dog-eared page.
This is a pretty reliable resource, he said, showing me the cover of the book.  On it was a picture of the nighttime sky with lines drawn between the stars delineating the astrological signs.  An oversized Cupid could be seen pointing his arrow at a terribly angry Taurus the bull.  On the bottom half of the book cover Taurus the bull had a suction cup arrow sticking to the side of his head and he floated toward Virgo with marshmallow hearts drifting lazily from his eyes.  
Reliable for what? I asked.  
Ive actually found it to be pretty accurate when it comes to predicting how certain signs will mesh during a particular moon phase.  I want to check to see if we really could be soul mates as I highly suspect is the case.  The first thing I thought when I saw you was that Jupiter truly had aligned with Mars and my search could finally be over!  Im just so excited!
While he read the book to himself Shallow Lucy casually dropped by for a visit and poked me in the forehead.  
Look, said Shallow Lucy.  You know you think this guys a complete nut.  Why are you still standing here pretending this could lead to even one more date?
You dont know hes a complete nut, I answered back.
All right, argued Shallow Lucy, describe one redeeming quality youve found in this man so far.
Hes dressed nicely, I said defiantly.
How can you possibly tell hes dressed nicely?  Hes molting so heavily you can barely see the top half of his sweater.
Well, theres that, I admitted.
Come on now, said Shallow Lucy, Can you name one, single thing this man has done that has seemed even remotely normal?
He paid for coffee and dessert, I said.  That was nice.  I even offered to chip in but he insisted.  You cant possibly argue that this is the sign of a true gentleman.  Oh...AND he kissed my hand when we met.  Another indisputably gentlemanly move.
Oh, my God! Shallow Lucy laughed.  Kissed your hand?  I thought he was dusting for fingerprints with that layer of dandruff he left behind.  Please dont even begin to tell me you were impressed when he bought you HALF of a cup of coffee and allowed you to eat HALF OF HIS BROWNIE.  Because if you tell me that, I will leave right this instant.  And you know full well that if youre left unsupervised you may very well end up taking this lunatic home.
Fine, leave, I pouted.  You werent invited to this date anyway.
The argument with Shallow Lucy was interrupted when Ezekiel put a hand on my waist and whispered in my ear.
I was right, he said quietly.  Its right here on page 98.  Just look.
He then put both of his arms around me and held the book out so that I could see my future sketched out in charts and graphs and solar happenstances.
I have never seen two more compatible scenarios, he said.  Everything is in perfect sequence with not one, single flaw.  Honestly you and I may have known each other in many other lives and could very well continue to be closely linked in many lives to come.  He held me very tight then, and it had been so long since I had felt the warmth of a man this close that I actually leaned into him and enjoyed the sensation.  I was brought back to a crashing dose of reality, however, as I looked down at my own sweater and saw flakes of this mans dandruff on my own shoulders.  UGH!  Perhaps Shallow Lucy was right; I could not be trusted on my own.
Ezekiel had been holding me so tight that as I pulled away from his grasp I felt a bit like I was stepping out of a wet swimsuit.
Thats quite fascinating, I said.  I cant wait to hear more right after I go to the powder room.  That coffees just going right through me.  Just hold that thought and mark this page.  Ill be right back.
I literally ran to the bathroom, slapping his dry skin from my shoulders as if I was on fire.
As I opened the door to the restroom, I heard Shallow Lucy quietly singing a rather distorted version of Patsy Klines Crazy in my head.  
Thats very funny, I argued with her.  OK, OK, I admit it; you were right and I was wrong.  This guys a certifiable nut.  Now I need to figure out a way to bail without hurting his feelings.
Tell him that Taurus the bull is out in the parking lot trampling the life out of Aries the sheep, Shallow Lucy suggested.  And just watch him sprint.  You then get lost in the crowd as he runs to watch the action and youre home free.
Clever, I said but I could really use some help here.  No more jokes.  I need to get out of here but he seems so sweet and romantic.  I really dont want to hurt his feelings.
Remember what your therapist said about being more direct with people and not sugar coating everything? Shallow Lucy said.
Yes.
Try it for a change.  The truth could very well set you free of this besotted, horoscopically obsessed, chronically exfoliating, bat shit crazy maniac.
Well, arent you the judgmental one, I scolded.
Admit it, Shallow Lucy answered back.  He is all of these things and more.  And all of these qualities have been laid out before you on the FIRST date.  Hes on his absolute BEST behavior.  Just think how much worse it will be on the fourth or fifth date. 
Im not arguing the fact that the man is somewhat eccentric, I said.  We both agree on that.  Now lets figure out a kind way of letting him down so he can go out and find a woman who has more in common with him.
You mean like Lizzie Borden.
Again.  Not funny.  I could feign herpes.  That might very well work.
Oooo, a truly great idea, Shallow Lucy dripped with sarcasm.  Degrade yourself to make this guy, whos five Buds short of a six pack, feel better about himself.  Have you learned nothing from the last 18 months of therapy?  The truth, woman, tell the man the truth.
Oh, OK.  Hows this sound? Excuse me Ezekiel, but I have to be running along because quite frankly you just creep me out.  Oh, and youve started a pretty significant sloughing episode.  You might want to take care of that little condition.  Oh, and also, I think theres an alien out in the parking lot waiting to take you for a little ride in his cute little silver hover craft.
Must you mask your sarcasm? Shallow Lucy snapped back.  Just tell the guy youre incompatible and leave it at that. 
Ill give it some thought, I agreed.  I washed my hands and refreshed my lipstick.  I gave my shoulders one more hearty wipe and returned to the astrology section.
Im glad youre back, Ezekiel said.  I found something you may really enjoy reading.  He put the book in my hands opened to a page that, at a glance, appeared to be outlining the most erotic positions to be shared between the astrological signs according to the alignment of the stars in a given year.
Actually, Ezekiel, I said as I closed the book.  I have to be honest with you.  I really dont think were all that compatible.
Really? he asked with the most wounded look on his face...which is the exact reaction I was trying to avoid.
Im so sorry.  I really dont want to hurt your feelings, but I havent felt a strong connection between us or found common ground.
But Im sure I read our charts right, he said, flipping through the pages of the book he had taken back from me.  They match so perfectly.  His powdered sugar shoulders drooped and his lower lip stuck out quite prominently beyond his upper lip.
Thank you for taking the time to meet me here, I said, and for the coffee and brownie.  Youre such an interesting person and you have so much to offer the right woman.  Good luck with your search.
Thanks for being honest with me and not wasting my time, he said.  May the stars bless both of our lives with the passion we seek.
Indeed, I said.  
I really do hope that Ezekiel finds true love, in the stars or with his feet planted firmly on the ground.  
I left the book store feeling pretty damned good about having let the truth set me free...from this terribly awkward date.  I headed into the mall where I shopped for the entire afternoon and found the cutest shoes ever...half price...in my size.  Doesnt life just have a way of presenting us with these enormous gifts in the wake of unusual encounters?
I headed for my car, slipped into the new shoes, and drove straight to Carrabbas where I fed my soul, my mind, and body.  Im pretty sure they serve pasta in Heaven and they got the recipe right here from this very restaurant.  I enjoyed a lovely glass of Riesling with my lobster ravioli, toasted Shallow Lucy and thanked her for the wise advice.  What a great turn the day had taken because I did not remain in an uncomfortable date for the sake of another persons happiness in lieu of my own.
Following this fine meal I read a quote on the bag as I loaded up my leftovers.  There is no love more sincere than the love of food.  How profound.  True love of any kind in ones life is always a welcome pleasure.
Perhaps Shallow Lucy doesnt believe Ezekiel and Lucy are made for each other, but her bread with olive oil and seasonings recipes certainly are.

Shallow Lucys Astrologically Heavenly Rosemary and Garlic Bread

1-1/2 cups water
2 teaspoons sugar
1 teaspoon garlic salt
2 tablespoons rosemary
2 tablespoons minced garlic
1 tablespoon olive oil
3-1/2 cups bread flour
2-1/2 teaspoons yeast

Place ingredients in bread machine according to manufacturers instructions.  Check throughout the cycles to be sure the dough does not stick to the sides of the machine.  If it sticks then add flour a bit at a time until it forms a ball that does not stick.

When Mars Aligns with Venus Olive Oil and Seasonings

1 tablespoon dried basil
1 tablespoon chopped parsley
1 tablespoon minced garlic
2 tablespoons shredded Parmesan, Asiago, and Romano cheese
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon chopped rosemary 
1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper
1/2 teaspoon olive oil

Combine all ingredients in a food chopper and mix.  Serve in oil dish with olive oil. 

****

Chapter 10
Petals from Heaven

Jessie ordered her cap and gown and announcements for her upcoming high school graduation today.  It took everything I had not to start blubbering about how much Ill miss her when she leaves for college.  I managed not to cry but had to at least let her know how much I was suffering, and so I casually mentioned the comfort foods Im planning to consume nightly to fill the enormous void in my life her absence will create.  And then I went into further detail about the 100 pounds I would gain during her college freshman year and the new muumuus I would design to house my considerable girth.  Yes, I come from a long line of moms who having been guilting generations of children before me.
After we filled out the order form I sat in the hot tub and my mind took a walk through the choices Ive made that have brought Jessie and I to this point in our lives.  I thought about all of the men I had loved when my face wasnt lacerated with quite so many lines.  Im so grateful I chose to marry Walter who gave me the most incredible gift of my two beautiful children.  Although the marriage didnt work out, I have certainly been blessed with Josh and Jessie.
While the warm, bubbling water swirled around me I drifted back to a time, and one little girl in particular, who would change the direction of my life forever and assure that I would one day become a mom. 
I was in my early 20s and was passionately in love with a man named Michael.  I truly lived and breathed for this man.  Our love was so strong that I knew without a doubt we would be together until the end of time.  
After dating for a year, Michael and I moved in to an apartment together and the passion and romance continued strong.  We had a lovely view of the Sandia Mountains on the outskirts of Albuquerque and every morning we could see the sun rise behind the mountain as we sipped cappuccino on our third story apartment balcony.  The terrace overlooked a small rose garden in which I could watch the seasons unfold.
From our very first date Michael had told me that the world was such a difficult place in which to raise a family that he had chosen not to burden society with children of his own.  When I first met this man I completely agreed with that philosophy... until I met 6-year-old Abrianna, known as Abby to her friends.
Abby was the adorable daughter of my boss, Howard, one of dearest men I had ever known.  I worked as Howards secretary for quite some time and he would occasionally bring Abby in to work with him and let her play in his office.  She would inevitably drift over to my cubicle and ask for paper and a pen.  She would then proceed to create stick figures which represented the people in our office.  She made me laugh when she drew horns and a tail on the grouchy engineer who told us to quit giggling so that he could get some work done.  He walked by that stick figure that afternoon and gave me a dirty look.  I guess he thought the shoe fit.  Abby drew many pictures for my cubicle walls and went into great detail about the people in them, their lives, their likes and dislikes, and those they most cherished.  She would tell me great stories that went with each of her drawings.
Abby was a ballerina and she loved to dance.  When her dad would bring her to work I would schedule time in the auditorium where there was a small stage.  Rebecca was the conference room scheduler and she would join me in the back of the room where we watched Abby perform her ballet routines.  At the end of her dance Abby would run to the back of the room where Rebecca and I sat to hug each of us, kiss our cheeks, and say, Rebecca, imitating her dads authoritative boss voice, schedule this conference room for the same time next week and Ill see you then.
The next week Abby returned to the conference room and Rebecca and I spent our lunch hour watching her perform on stage.  She had brought two packages of pink silk rose petals and was wearing her strawberry ice cream pink tutu, a pair of sequined angel wings, ballet shoes, and long, pink silk ribbons in her hair.  I swear she was the cutest thing I had ever seen.  Abby handed Rebecca and I each a bag of rose petals.
Here, she said.  Youre the angels and you get to shower me with magic petals while I dance.
Rebecca and I tossed the petals into the air and watched them loft lazily over Abby as she danced and sang.

Take these petals now, my friend
Which drift upon the quiet wind.
Think of God when petals fall
Listen close as angels call.

That little girl completely captured my heart that day.
I took Abby to lunch after her private recital in the auditorium and was rather surprised to see how much food she ate.  We ordered fried chicken and mashed potatoes and I swear she ate every bit as much as I did. 
Thank you for lunch, Abby said.  That was the best!  Im so stuffed if you poke me Ill blow up!
Its too bad youre so full, I said casually.  Because Baskin & Robbins is just down the street and I was thinking about getting ice cream for dessert.
Thats a great idea! Abby bubbled with excitement.  Because my food tubes full but my ice cream tube is empty!
Abby had begun to stir up some unsettling ideas in my mind.  Perhaps I would like to have children after all.  The thought of having a little person like this around on a regular basis had so much appeal.  Life with Michael had been so simple before this charming little girl entered the picture.  I had this great life I was building with him and we had even started talking about getting married.  I knew that Michael was everything I wanted in a partner.  He was intelligent and ambitious.  He was kind and compassionate.  We shared a love of hiking and bicycling, playing tennis, and cooking in the kitchen together.  We took culinary classes together and shared wonderful, passion filled vacations.  If we were apart I felt like something was missing and when we reconnected the world felt right again.
He was adamant about not wanting a family, and I knew that part of the reason we were a couple was that I had agreed with this.  He did not want to be involved with someone who wanted children.  I was young, though, and so was he and I thought that there was a possibility that he could change his mind if he got to know Abby the way I had.
I decided to invite Abby and her parents to our apartment so that Michael could see how a child could enrich and enhance ones life.  He knew my boss Howard and his wife Vivian from a number of company social functions we had attended, and I knew he really enjoyed them.  I wanted Michael to see the side of Abby that I had been so blessed to get to know.  I was just sure that he would fall completely in love with this little girl who had brought so much joy to my life in the short time we had known one another.
The evening finally arrived and Michael and I welcomed Howard and his wife Vivian and Abby in.  
Hi, Abby, I said as she bounced into the apartment with her dance bag in tow.  I hope youre hungry.  Were going to order your favorite pizza for dinner.
Thats cool, Abby said.  I didnt know if youd remember dessert so we stopped on the way and picked up some ice cream.  
Thank you, Abby, I said.  That was very thoughtful.  She took a quart of Ben & Jerrys out of her dance bag and handed it to me.
Youre welcome, she said.  Cherry Garcia is my favorite!
Abby, Id like you to meet my boyfriend Michael I said as Michael came into the living room.
Hi, Michael, she said extending her hand.  Nice to meet you.
Likewise, Michael said shaking her hand.
Did Lucy tell you that Im going to dance for you? Abby asked.
She did tell me that, Michael said.  She says that youre quite the gifted ballerina.
Ive been dancing since I was 3, Abby said, the pride obvious in her voice.  My teacher says that if I stick with it I could be a famous dancer someday.  Do you like my tutu?  Its new.
Um, yeah, Michael said clearly looking uncomfortable.  You probably want to change before dinner, though.  You wouldnt want to get pizza on your little dress.  He turned to me then and said, How about that pizza?  Does anyone else want a beer?
Abby looked a bit sad that Michael hadnt shown more interest in her new dance wear.  However she did her best to win him over.
When I do my dance for you, Ill let you be the angel, she said.  Thats the best part.  You can shower me with rose petals.
You know, Michael said, still looking a bit nervous.  Im afraid I wouldnt make a very good angel.  But you can do your little routine after dinner and Im sure you can recruit someone else to be the angel.  
Abby looked down, obviously hurt.
Michael, I said.  You might enjoy being the angel.  Rebecca and I got to be angels last week and Abby really got a kick out of it.  
Abby perked up and looked hopefully at Michael.
Lets just order the pizza, Michael said.  Lucy, you know better than anyone that Im just not cut out to be an angel.
Its all right, Abby, I said.  Ill be the angel again.  Besides I know just how to do it since I practiced last week.  Michael can just watch and enjoy the show.
Michael phoned in the pizza order and Abby tried her best to engage this man who seemed determined from the moment she came into our home not to like this little girl.
My mom made pizza for my birthday, Abby told Michael.  She made a smiley face with the pepperoni and called him Mr. Pizza Face.  My brother was mean and ate a giant piece of the pizzas face.  Then he stuck his tongue out and told me that he was eating Mr. Pizza Faces brains.  It was mean.  It really did look like brains.  I couldnt eat the pizza after that; it was just too gross.
You mean your mom didnt make you eat it after all the work she went through to make your special dinner? Michael asked.
Moms nice.  She would never make me eat brains.
It wasnt brains, Michael argued.  It was pizza.
But it looked like brains, Abby said adamantly.
But it wasnt brains, it was pizza, Michael said childishly.  My mom would have made me eat it.  She wouldnt have let me waste food.
Your mom must have been really mean, Abby shot back.  You probably like to eat brains!  Ill bet you eat them every day!
All right, you two, I intervened.  Behave yourselves or Ill put you both in time out.
How about a beer? Michael said.  On second thought, how about a couple of shots and a beer?
Well, this wasnt turning out at all the way Id planned.  Michael went into the kitchen and grabbed a beer from the refrigerator.  He then reached into the liquor cabinet for a bottle of tequila but stopped when he saw the disappointed look on my face.  He closed the cabinet door, opened his beer, and sat down on the couch to pout.
Abby, I said.  Why dont we go out to the balcony and get it ready for your show?
All right, Abby said.  I dont want to stay here with this brain eater anyway.
To this Michael rolled his eyes and finished off half the bottle of beer.
Abby and I went outside and arranged the patio furniture so that most of the balcony could be her stage.  Just as we finished the buzzer sounded with the arrival of the pizza.
We all sat down at the kitchen table and loaded up our plates with slices of pizza.  
Michael watched Abby as she took her first bite of the meal.
How do those brains taste? he asked her.
It's not brains, its pizza, she said as she folded her arms ready to defend herself and her choice in food.
You see, he said with a self satisfied look on his face.  Thats what I was trying to tell you earlier.  The meal you wouldnt eat on your birthday was pizza too, but you wouldnt eat it because it looked like brains.
My brother told me it was brains.  Thats why I wouldnt eat it! she snapped.
Well, what if I told you this was brains? Michael taunted.  Would you eat it then?
No, I wouldnt, Abby said.
Well, it is brains, Michael said.  Its the brains of a giant octopus.  See!  He opened his mouth and showed her the chewed up pizza.  Can you see the tentacles?
Abby put her pizza down and started to cry.
That was very mature, Michael, I said.  Congratulations, you made her cry.
She started it, Michael pouted.
I cant eat it! Abby bawled.  She walked over and climbed onto Vivians lap.  I dont have to eat it, do I? she asked her mom.  You wont make me eat octopus brains will you?
No, Abby, Vivian said.  You dont have to eat it.
Come on, Abby, I said holding out my hand to her.  Lets go into the kitchen and Ill make both of us a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Michael got up and followed us into the kitchen.  He retrieved another beer and sat back down to finish his dinner.
Abby had quit crying and was helping to make the sandwiches.  
If you eat the whole sandwich, I said, you can have ice cream for dessert.  
I love PB & J, she said.  I can eat all of this and more.  
All right, I said.  After dessert you can dance for us.
Her face lit up then, octopus brains completely forgotten for the moment.
After dessert Abby went out to the balcony to get ready to perform her dance routine for us.  Michael whispered to me and asked if I would meet him in the bedroom.  He closed the door when we were alone.
Why did you invite them here? he asked.
Because I like them, I said.
No other reason? he asked.  Like maybe youre trying to convince me that we should have kids?
Well, maybe, I admitted.  Abbys just such a great kid and I honestly thought that if you could get to know her the way I have you might change your mind about not wanting a family.
Look, Lucy, he said.  I love you and want to spend the rest of my life with you.  But I dont want to have children.  I dont want the responsibility or the expense.  I dont want the childish arguments and I dont want to give up doing all of the things I love to do.  I want to be able to pick up and go skiing when I choose.  Or fly to Italy or Rome.  And I want you with me when I do these things.  I want to have a nice home that wont be ruined by kids and their messes.  I want to drive nice cars; not a minivan.  And I will never change my mind about this.  Some people are just not meant to be parents, and Im one of them.  Surely this cant be a surprise; weve discussed it a hundred times.  I thought you agreed.
I did agree, I said, before I met Abby.  I left the bedroom then trying very hard not to start crying, but I knew I needed a few minutes to myself.
Abby was out on the balcony with Vivian waiting for the rest of us to join her so she could start her dance.  
Are you ready for the show? Abby asked me.
Not quite yet, Honey, I said, trying hard not to let the flood gates loose.  I need to go downstairs and get something I left in my car.  Ill be back in just a few minutes.  You practice until I get back.
All right, Abby said.  But hurry back.  
I will, I reassured her.
I went downstairs and out of the building.  I turned the corner and sat on a wooden bench which was surrounded by the modest rose garden.  I started to cry and then began to sob.  I was mourning the loss of a relationship that I knew I would be ending very soon.  I grieved the loss of the love of my life, of the man that I had felt was quite certainly my soul mate.  I knew that I could not stay in this relationship as that would mean I would never know the joy of being a parent.  I wondered if I would ever love again and whether my heart would recover from this pain I felt all the way to my soul.
I sat quietly crying for several minutes when I suddenly noticed a pink rose petal lofting slowly through the air, and then another passed by and then several more.
I looked up and Abby was tossing the petals over the balcony railing, held tight in Vivians arms.  Her sweet song drifted nearly as quietly as the rose petals on the breeze.

Take these petals now, my friend
Which drift upon the quiet wind.
Think of God when petals fall
Listen close as angels call.

I truly believed this was the voice of an angel at that moment, letting me know without a doubt that ending my relationship with Michael would be the first step toward my future life as a mom.  I knew it would hurt to end this passionate love affair with Michael but in Abbys sweet words I heard hope.  
I stopped crying then as more petals rained down on me and started to laugh as Abby started to giggle; a sound Ill never forget.  That song brought me to a place in my life where I was open to having a relationship with a man who did want to start a family with me.  Opening myself up to the greatest gift of my life, children.
As I sat in the hot tub tonight, thinking back to sweet Abby I thought how similar she and Jessie were.  They had the same curiosity and love of ice cream, the same curly brown hair and brown eyes, and the same ability to melt my heart with a simple gesture like a handful of rose petals, helping me to see that life truly is beautiful and in it lies everlasting hope.  

****

Chapter 11
Smelling Up the Place

Just when things were going along at a comfortable pace something happened to stink the place up...literally.  
My son Josh came over to help with some yard work this afternoon.  I had asked him to rake leaves and take out some unwanted bushes from the front yard.  I explained that I couldnt help him because I had just lined up a new account and had a tight deadline to meet in order to secure the job.  I gave him a list of things I wanted to have done and went back to work in my home office.  
Dont take Bella out with you, I said as his dog whined at his feet.  Since youll be driving the car in the yard I dont want her getting hurt.
Things were going along quite well as I checked out the window of my office occasionally and saw that he was making great progress.  However in spite of my advice not to take his dog out, Bella, a mostly Kentucky Red Tick mutt, was thrilled to have someone out in her yard to entertain her. 
I had returned to work for quite a while when I heard Josh fire off a series of expletives that would bring red to the cheeks of a sailor.  
Oh, Bella, I heard Josh moan through the open window.  Oh, God, Bella!  No, Bella.  Oh, no, Bella!  
My first thought was that he had run over the dog with his car and I really didnt want to go out to see the damage.  However when I got outside I saw Bella running around, tail wagging, a big, sloppy smile on her face, and rather large amounts of goo dripping from her jowls. 
I looked from Bella to Josh trying to figure out what had happened.  Josh was standing in the garage clearly trying his best to keep his gag reflex from going into overdrive.  
Josh, whats the matter?  I said.
Its Bella, Josh said as his gag reflex triggered again and he literally choked the words out.  He couldnt say anything more because he was trying so hard not to throw up.  By this time he was doubled over looking like I had during the wee hours of the morning following my 21st birthday after visiting a half dozen drinking establishments who treated me to my first legal drinks.
I looked closely at Bella who stood in the garage doorway but I could see no blood.  She wasnt limping and didnt appear to be in any pain.  Frankly I hadnt seen her looking that happy since she had caught her first squirrel after waiting patiently for hours at the base of a tree.
And then the stench settled into my nostrils and I knew what had happened before Josh gagged one more time and explained.  
Bella killed a skunk.  He literally choked on the words, bent over, and gagged again.
I should explain that Josh was born with a hair trigger gag reflex and has always been a bit sensitive about it.  Im not sure what it is about it...whether its the retching sound or the look on his face while its happening...but his gag reflex has always made me laugh.  Its a horrible thing to admit as a mom. This has never gone over well with Josh as there really is nothing funny about it...at least to him.  To me its just always been a great source of slapstick.
This goes way, way back for Josh and I.  When he was three years old I was feeding Jessie spinach from a baby food jar.  I had given up early in Joshs life trying to feed him things like cooked spinach or foods with similar textures due to his gag reflex.  Inevitably the food would find its way into his mouth, especially following my advice that he not try it, and would be immediately projectiled in a mass that would require a change of his clothes, the use of heavy-duty carpet cleaner, and more often than not a change of my clothes as well.  And no matter how many times this happened over the years it continued to entertain me.  I would always, without fail, laugh uncontrollably.  Maybe because I spent so much time trying to warn him not to put these things in his mouth and he spent so much time showing me that he was in control of the situation and put them in anyway.
Whats that? my three-year-old son asked, pointing to the gooey, green substance his sister was eating.
Its spinach, I answered.
Just like Popeye eats? he asked.
Yes, just like Popeye eats, I said.
Can I have some? he asked.
I dont think youll like it, I answered honestly.
But its good for me, right? 
Yes, its good for you.
And Popeye likes it, right?
Yes, Popeye likes it.
And it makes Popeye strong, right?
Yes.
And Jessie likes it, too, Josh reasoned.
Yes, Jessie likes it too, I answered.
Then Ill like it.
I really dont think you will, I said, but if you really want to try it you can.
Josh helped himself to a generous spoonful of Popeyes favorite food and before he could put it in his mouth I moved my chair back out of his projectile field.  By this time I had it down to a science and knew exactly how far that food would fly.  And to only Joshs surprise the spinach came back at about the same velocity you might see a meteor approaching earths atmosphere.  As I cleaned up the mess I was laughing uncontrollably, and even Josh had to laugh that day as our yellow lab, Odie, was covered in globs of green goo; such is the life of the family dog.
Wheres the skunk? I asked this morning, still trying my best to suppress a laugh.
In the front yard, he said, still trying his best to suppress his gag reflex.  He pointed near the bushes where he had been working a few moments ago.  
Josh then explained that Bella had chased down the skunk, caught it, and then proceeded to shake it madly to break its neck.  As she brandished the dastardly vermin, skunk goo spewed first on Josh and then on his car.  He tried to stop the dog by shouting but she thought it was a game.  She then tossed the animal in the air, caught it expertly, and shook it fiercely, just doing what a hunting dog was meant to do.  As she swung it again more skunk spray covered Josh and left another layer on his car, finding its way in through the open car windows and into the trunk which had been left open so he could load the bags of brush.  She had done it again and again, being the efficient hunting dog she is, covering Josh, his car, the yard tools, and the brush piles.
Wheres the skunk now? I asked.
I dont know, Josh said.
I was a woman on a mission.  I grabbed the pool skimmer and headed out in search of the source of the stench which had covered everything in our neighborhood and beyond.
I found the skunk, looking a bit like one of Bellas stuffed animals, and gave it a sturdy poke with the skimmer.  To my surprise the smelly little bugger winked at me like we shared the most intimate of secrets.  My mind began to race with possible scenarios if this critter was to suddenly come to life.  I imagined the skunk jumping up and sinking his fangs into my calf and simultaneously spraying me in the face while I tried desperately to shake his relentless grip from my extremity.  I gasped and turned to run from what my mind had defined as a tiny rabid beast and plowed right into Josh just as he let out a girlie scream followed by another retching sound that catapulted me into a fit of unrestrained laughter.  I watched as Josh backed away from the slightly conscious skunk and finally lost his cookies.  
I got myself under control when Josh looked up and gave me the stink eye reminding me that I was really the only one who had found humor in this situation.
What do we do with him? I asked Josh.
You mean what do YOU do with him! Josh said.
Hes obviously in pain.  We cant just leave him there.  Thats cruel.  I said sheepishly hoping Josh would man up and take care of it.
He needs to be put out of his misery, he agreed, hoping Id man up and take care of it.
Im not going to kill it, he said quite adamantly.
Well, I CANT kill it, I said determined to hold my ground.
What do you mean you CANT kill it? he said.
Its just too icky.  I just cant. I said folding my arms.
Just then Joshs girlfriend Cathie drove up.
Oh, my God, she said, getting out of her car.  Josh, you smell just like a skunk!
Well, arent you the sly detective! Josh said.
You probably dont want to get too close, I said to Cathie.  The skunk isnt quite dead yet.  Were trying to decide how to finish him off.
Thats easy, Cathie offered.  Just drown him.
You make it sound so simple, I said.  How could you drown a sweet little face like that?
Ill show you, Cathie said.  I swear, you two are such wimps!
She walked over to our garbage can, lifted the lid, placed the garden hose in, and turned it on.  After a few minutes she took the pool skimmer from me, scooped up poor little Pepe Lapew, and dropped him into the barrel.  On the way into the can he gave his eradicator the stink eye and I was pretty sure Cathie would be cursed forever more.  Thats some bad juju, I thought.  In my mind taps were being played.  She held the skunk down for a few minutes and then watched him surface again.  She poked him a few times to make sure that he wouldnt get a second wind.  
Just call him Bob, she giggled as she watched the rodent float in the garbage can.
Youre my hero, I said to Cathie.
How do I get this nasty stench off of me and my car? Josh asked.
The only way I know, I answered, is tomato juice.
Cathie, Josh said, would you mind going to the store to pick some up for me?
Id love to, Cathie said, but Im late for class and Ive got to go.  Id kiss you good bye, Josh, but frankly you reek.
Thanks loads, Josh pouted as he watched her drive away.
Mom, Josh said, turning to me, can you go pick up the tomato juice for me?
Im sorry, Josh, I said quite honestly.  You know I have a tight deadline to meet and I just cant break away.  Besides if youll think back to the last thing I said before you left to do the yard work I asked you not to bring the dog outside.  If you had done as I asked, none of this would have happened.
I cant go into the grocery store smelling like this, he protested.  Im an offense to human decency standards.
I wholeheartedly agreed with him, but if I took off even the half hour required for the trip to the store I would have missed my deadline, and I couldnt risk the new account.
I really am sorry, Josh, I reiterated.  I just cant do it.
After a few choice words mumbled under his breath Josh got into his stench mobile and headed out.  I had a mental image of my son standing in the aisles looking much like the Peanuts character, Pigpen, with flies buzzing all around him.
After a while I heard his car in the driveway and ran outside.
Josh, I said as he climbed out of his car.  Please dont come into the house until you can smell yourself without triggering your gag reflex.  That should be a great indicator of when its safe to come back in.
Thats nice, he said, shunned from my home like a leper...which is exactly the way I felt at the store.  I think the paint was actually peeling from the walls around me.  Some kids eyes were actually watering and she asked her mom why the store smelled so bad.  Her mom looked at me suspiciously but I sniffed the air and gave the same look to a guy picking up a can of beans.
Josh handed me the bag hed brought from the grocery store but it felt significantly smaller than I had expected.  Upon closer inspection I realized that he had picked up several cans of tomato paste, not tomato juice.
Im afraid I have a bit of bad news, Josh, I said as sympathetically as I could.  Youre going to have to go back to the store to get tomato juice, not tomato paste.
Oh, God, I cant, he moaned.  I just cant.  If you could have seen the look on that poor childs face you wouldnt even suggest that I go back.  Ill bet the store manager is calling his insurance company as we speak to get an estimate on the damage to the paint on the walls!
Just then our neighbor, Tim, stepped outside.  
Hey, he shouted from his front door, his nose pinched closed with his forefinger and thumb.  I heard youre out here playing with a skunk.
Yeah, Tim, I said.  Were having a grand old time with the wildlife again.
Ive heard that Simple Green is great for deodorizing skunk smell.  You might want to give it a try...and soon...Youre stinking up the neighborhood, Josh!  He gave a hearty belly laugh as he had clearly entertained himself with his own clever pun.
Thats just TOO funny, Josh said, sarcasm oozing out. 
Thanks, Tim, I said, and I genuinely meant it.  
Josh, I said.  I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but youll need to go to the store again.
I just cant go there again, Josh said.  
Josh, if I lose this new account I wont be able to make ends meet.  Its that simple.  The way I see it you have two choices.  You can smell like this forever or you can make one more run to the store.  Its entirely up to you.
This whole thing just really stinks! he said before he realized he was following Tims suit.  He opened up his car, rolled down all of the windows, and drove to the store, no doubt sulking all the way.
It took him a good solid couple of hours to treat the dog, his car, and himself but the Simple Green proved to be nearly miraculous in its results.
Tonight after I had finished all of the work for the new account, I made a run to the grocery store to buy a pint of Ben and Jerrys Cherry Garcia to celebrate the acquisition of my new contract.  I happened to walk through the canned vegetable aisle and overheard two little boys arguing.
Jonathan, said the larger child, Whyd you cut the cheese in the store? 
I didnt do it, Jonathan said, sounding quite indignant.  You did and youre trying to blame me so mom will get mad!
Mom, Jonathan whined, Roberts lying again!  He cut the cheese and is trying to blame me!
Their mom sniffed the air and put an end to the argument.
Neither one of you cut the cheese, she said playing the role of referee as we so often do, it smells more like skunk.
Perhaps it was just my imagination but I think the paint really was peeling off the walls in the aisle near the cans of tomato paste.  

****

Chapter 12
Really, That Perfect?

I finally met David after e-mailing for several weeks, and we certainly do seem to be compatible.  I also find him incredibly attractive with his gleaming, bald head and Hersheys chocolate brown eyes.  
After we met for coffee he suggested a kayaking trip down the river the next day, and I jumped at the chance.  
On the way to the river this morning I stopped to fill up my gas tank and he pulled up right behind me.  He absolutely insisted on filling the tank AND paying for the gas.  The perfect gentleman, I thought.  So far, so good.
Youre so much more beautiful than the picture on your profile, he said while he filled my gas tank.
Well, I thought, he really is perfect.
We hit the river and as we talked we found dozens of interests we shared.  Were both word nerds and adore the game of Scrabble.  We both roller blade and bike.  We enjoy traveling and have seen much of the world.  Were both Aries and hit as many yard sales in a summer as we can.  Its almost like...Im dating myself.  
He did mention a couple of hobbies I had never experienced.  He talked about making homemade wine with a specific purpose in mind.  He would take his home-brewed wines with him to Renaissance type gatherings.  He said he belonged to a local group which met periodically, and he asked if I would be interested in attending an event some time.  I told him that I rarely turn down a new experience and he looked very pleased that I would consider participating in this hobby of his.
About halfway through the river trip, we pulled over to eat the lunch he had prepared.  He opened a bag that contained an amazing array of food and drink. 
You have a great memory, I said as he filled a plastic wine cup with a fine Riesling.  I cant believe you remembered my favorite wine.
Cheers, he said, as our plastic wine glasses clicked together.  To many more happy moments just like this one.
I think I fell in love right then and there, and then sank deeper in as we finished off the plate of fruits, cheeses, deli meats, and even a favorite dessert I had mentioned in passing when we met for coffee, homemade turtle brownies.
After lunch we did a little old-fashioned necking on the blanket he had brought, and I have to say that his kisses were amazing.  He definitely left me wanting more of that.
At the end of the most amazing trip down the river I had ever had, actually feeling light headed at times from the attention with which he had showered me, he suggested we go to the mall the following day.  A man...actually suggesting that he accompany me to the mall.  In my entire lifetime this had never happened, and I was completely taken aback by the gesture.  
Seriously? I said.  The mall?
Oh, I love to shop, David said.  It will help me learn so much more about you.
I have to say that by the end of the day I was feeling deliriously happy that I had at last quite possibly met the man of my dreams.
The trip to the mall was amazing at first, but I may have seen the teensiest hint of a red flag or two as the day progressed.  
David looked incredibly handsome in a baby blue tee shirt that accentuated his strapping muscles beneath it.  He looked so good I even felt like he was a bit out of my league.  But when he put his arm around my shoulders and held me close while we walked, I felt like I was right where I was meant to be.
He was by far the most attentive man I have ever met, and I enjoyed the closeness...at first.
The first inkling I had that perhaps he was not quite as perfect as I had thought initially came early in the shopping trip.
Lets go into the shoe store, David said, as we walked by.  
Really?  I said, honestly thinking he was joking.  I mean, men dont really go into shoe stores with women, do they?  
Of course, he said, I want to know literally everything about you.  I want to know what size shoes you wear.  Do you prefer heels or flats or pumps or wedges?
It took everything I had not to ask him if he was gender confused.  What man knows the names of that many types of womens shoes?  Even I would have been hard pressed to come up with that many.  I thought I heard a door open and wondered if Shallow Lucy would be joining us.
Just point out the shoes you like, he said.  It will help me get to know you better.
Well, those pink heels are pretty cute, I said, pointing to a pair that would look right at home in a Sex in the City movie.
Great, he said, why dont you try them on?
Im really not shopping for shoes today, I said.  And besides I dont want to torture you by making you wait around while I try on shoes that Im not going to buy.
Its certainly not torture, he said.  Im just doing my homework.  I was serious when I said I want to know EVERYTHING about you.
All right, I agreed, its your trip to the mall.
What size do you wear? David asked. 
Size 5 or 6.  I replied.
Thats the perfect size, he said.  A tiny foot just like Cinderella.  And then he whipped out a small pad from his shirt pocket and quickly made some notes.
He scooped a box with pink heels in my size off the shelf and led me to a chair.  I slipped off my shoes and turned to take the heels from David, but he would not hear of letting me try these fabulous shoes on without his help.
I felt a tap, tap, tap on my shoulder, and Shallow Lucy cleared her throat.
David took a seat in the chair directly across from me and patted his leg indicating he wanted my foot right there.  I obliged and he promptly started giving me a foot massageright there in the middle of the Discount Shoe Warehouse!  Id been wearing sneakers and had to take my slightly sweaty socks off to try on this shoe.  EWWWWW!  I became even more uncomfortable when an older woman walked by, rolled her eyes, and suggested we get a room.  And judging by the look on Davids face I wondered if thats what he has in mind.
Well, David said in a huff.  That was rude.
You know, David, I say, I dont think the shoes will fit anyway.  Why dont we just get going?
Oh, come on, he says, you already have your shoes off, just try them on so you can show me how sexy you look in them.
He slipped the shoes on my feet and insisted that I do the model on the runway walk for him.
I have to say that I did rather enjoy making fun of the skinny models as I sucked in my cheeks and stomach trying to look like a skeletal super model.  I threw back my shoulders, put one hand on a hip, made a sour face, and tromped down the shoe store aisle, turning en point to wave at the imaginary crowd.  The pink heels did look incredibly hot.
Maybe hes not so bad, I thought, and Shallow Lucy wont stick around.  I should just relax and enjoy this trip to the mall.
I finished putting my sneakers back on and looked up to see David standing there with the shoe box containing the pink heels in a bag, receipt in hand.  He was like a child giving his mom a bunch of flowers, he was so proud of himself.  
David, I said, this makes me really uncomfortable.  I did not want you to buy those shoes for me.  I just tried them on to make you happy.
Well it did make me happy, and it will make me even happier when you wear them the next time we go out on a date.
David, I insisted.  You really shouldnt have bought them.
I could tell I had hurt his feelings as he had the most amazingly pitiful look on his face.
Just wear them once, he practically pleaded, and you will make me the happiest man in the world.	
All right, then, I agreed.  Thank you for this lovely gift.
I just couldnt figure out why his generosity made me so uncomfortable.  Why must I always second guess these things?  Why could I not just appreciate the gesture and leave it at that?  I then vowed to do just that.  Appreciate the gift and enjoy the company of this lovely, generous man.
As we continued our journey through the mall, he held my hand and put his arm around my shoulders and I thoroughly enjoyed the feeling of being close.
As we walked by a jewelry store he suggested we pop in and take a look...just for fun.
What size ring do you wear? he asked casually while he looked through the jewelry.  
I dont really know, I said, I havent bought a ring in a very long time.
A sales woman approached wearing a name tag that said, Hello, my name is Penny.
Good afternoon, said chipper Penny.  Please let me know how I can make your day more special.
David turned to the salesperson and said, Hello, Penny, would you mind measuring my girlfriends finger to see what size ring she wears, please?
Girlfriend? Shallow Lucy asked.  On your third date hes claimed you as his girlfriend?
Go home, I said.  Im ignoring you.  Youre input was not requested and is not welcome here.
This concerns me deeply, Shallow Lucy continued.  Its too much too soon.  Its a sign of deep-rooted abandonment issues.
Who died and made you my therapist? I sniped.
You quit seeing Dr. Dayton and I kindly stepped in to save you from yourself.
I quit seeing Dr. Dayton because I dont need a therapist anymore.
You quit seeing Dr. Dayton because you found out you were both dating Dirty David; not because you were done with therapy.
Certainly, the pleasant sales woman said.  
David, I said cautiously, why do you want to know my ring size?
You never know when that kind of information will come in handy, he said.  Before we know it Christmas will be here, and I wont have to ask the size of anything you wear because Im keeping all of your personal information right here in this little log.
David, I pointed out, Christmas is several months away.
Like a Boy Scout, he said, I will be prepared when it gets here.
Penny approached with the ring sizer.  
So, how long have you been together? she asks, just making small talk.  
Just a couple of d... I started to say.
Only a short time, interrupted David, but long enough to know were made for each other.
Thats so sweet, said Penny.  
Sweet? Shallow Lucy piped in.  Honeys sweet, too, but do you really want to eat a gallon of it on your third date?  Im not so sure I agree with her.  Dont you think David is putting the proverbial cart before the horse?  How can you not be unnerved by the whole scenario playing out before you?
Why must you label everything, Shallow Lucy? I asked.  This is not a scenario, its a date.  
Which finger did you want me to measure? asked Penny.
I held my right hand up and said, The ring finger will be fine.
David casually put my right hand down and guided my left hand in Pennys direction.  
The left ring finger is what I had in mind, he said.
Holy crap!  What is this man thinking? gasped Shallow Lucy.  Are you ready to admit Im right?
OK, perhaps its a bit disconcerting, I admitted.  But its far too early to panic.
Disconcerting? Shallow Lucy asked.  Must I remind you that this is only your THIRD date with this man?  And already hes throwing your left ring finger around like its a Hacky sack.
I had to admit that this did seem a bit unsettling.  Perhaps Shallow Lucy was right and this would be a good time to start planning my exit strategy before he started picking out the stone and the setting.  As we left the jewelry store I started looking for the mall exit signs.  Thank God I had met him there so I had my car in which to make my getaway.
Well, David, I said.  I hate to cut the shopping trip short, but I really have to be getting home.  Jessie and I have plans this afternoon and I promised her Id be home fairly early.
But we havent had lunch yet, he said with a pouty face that could rival a toddlers pitiful look, complete with his lower lip protruding.
Well save lunch for our next date, OK?  I said.  I really do need to get going now.  
Oh no, he said as he hung his head down.  Ive scared you off.  Im moving too fast for you, arent I?
David, youre moving too fast for anyone!
Youre right, he said.  Its just that Ive fallen completely for you.  You are everything Im looking for in a woman, and Ive been looking for SO LONG!  I just cant bear the thought of letting you go.
And then a deep depression settled over his face and for a terrifying moment I thought he was going to cry right here in the middle of the mall.  Of course I felt horrible.  He looked utterly crushed under the weight of my rejection and I could not stand to be the cause of his unhappiness.
Like the well-mannered person I was taught to be by my mothers generation who believed that women should put their feelings aside and make other people more comfortable, I took his hand.
David, I know you have the best of intentions and youre a wonderful, kind, caring man, I said.  But you need to give me time.  This is a brand new relationship, and Im not a person who rushes into anything.
Im sorry, he said.  Would you consider giving me one more chance?  I promise Ill back off and take the relationship at a pace that makes you more comfortable.
Run, Lucy, run! Shallow Lucy screamed at me.  Dont fall for it!  Escape now while you can!
But my mothers voice was ringing in my head even louder than Shallow Lucy.  Dont hurt this lovely young mans feelings, mom said.  That would just be rude, and you should never be rude.  Besides, this may just be as good as it gets for you.
All right, I acquiesced.  But a turtles pace, and I mean it.
Absolutely, David said with a huge smile.  Whatever makes you happy.
We got a bite to eat then and I had a couple of martinis, and I began to feel much more relaxed. By the time we parted ways and he kissed me goodbye I felt much more confident about the possibilities this relationship could bring.  If he keeps to his word and backs off I really think hell be a great boyfriend.  I just need to keep an open mind. 

****

Chapter 13
Lucy the Wench

Well, true to his word David has backed off considerably and has allowed me significant breathing room.  Weve talked a lot on the phone for the last few days and Ive started to remember what attracted me to him in the first place.  I think that just about every aspect of our personalities complements one another.  I really have never met a man with whom I have so much in common.
He even waited long enough to suggest a date again that I was beginning to wonder if he had left me too much space.  Of course I jumped at the chance to see the new and improved David when the opportunity finally did present itself.
One of his interests, he had explained during a phone call that had lasted into the early morning hours, is a group that gets together to do some role playing.  They go into great detail making their own Renaissance period costumes and homemade wine, and planning battles in which a new king and queen can be crowned to reign over their kingdom (AKA campground theyve rented for the day).  At the end of the day, he explained, they would have a gourmet meal prepared with genuine Renaissance period recipes.  A wood burning stove would even be utilized for some of the food preparation.
David asked if Id like to join him for this groups largest event of the year which happened to be this weekend, and although I thought this an unusual interest for a grown man, I agreed.  I kept reminding myself that on my internet dating profile one of the statements I make is that, I try to keep an open mind with respect to other peoples beliefs and interests.  
David explained that when attending this event it would be mandatory that I wear period clothing.  Of course I had no acceptable Renaissance garb and so he said he would borrow a dress from a friend who was just my size.
When I met him at the campground, to my surprise he was wearing a green dress and tights.  I have to say that this would certainly go down in my dating history as a first.  
Nice frock, I said.
Oh, its not a frock, my lady, David corrected.  A frock is a womans dress.  This is a bowmans tunic straight out of the 16th century worn only by noblemen.  He bowed at the waist, took my hand, and kissed it.  As he did, a bow and pack of arrows fell over his shoulder.
Nice prop, I said.
This is most assuredly not a prop, David said.  These are genuine 16th Century arrows and a replica bow which would certainly have been used to feed a kingdom.  
Well, all right, then, Shallow Lucy sighed.
Its good to know I wont be going hungry, I said.
David handed me a borrowed dress.
I cant wait to see you in your wenchs dress, he said.
Wench? I inquired.
Yes, wench.
You get to be a nobleman and I have to be a wench?
It was the only dress I could borrow on short notice.
I couldnt be a princess, or at least a lady in waiting, huh?
This is it, he said, take it or leave it.
Is it too late to leave it?
Yes.  Please go into the privy and put it on.  I dont want to miss a moment of action.  Im scheduled for a fencing match at 10:00.
Fencing?
Yes, fencing.  
I could tell this was going to be a really interesting date.
I donned the borrowed dress and realized the friend he borrowed it from was obviously much better built for a wenchs costume.  After I added my Victorias Secret Bombshell bra that gave the illusion of a full cup size larger breasts and some awesome cleavage, I took a look at myself in the campgrounds mirror.  I was really quite pleased with my reflection, and I had to admit that I may be able to get into this role playing date after all.  Who knew, I thought, this may become a new interest of mine.
When we checked in we were greeted by a knight in a suit of armor.  He held a spear which he used as a pointer, directing us to the various activity areas.  The knight took my hand and kissed it and as he did his mask slid down.
Welcome to our kingdom, lovely wench, I heard from a voice that sounded like it was speaking from inside of a can.
We headed over to the first exciting fencing event of the day; the Al la macchia, described on the sign-up sheet for the laymen as An informal rough and tumble duel in the woods.  
I waited with bated breath as David entered the fencing arena (AKA horse stable).  The only other spectator to this event was a woman wearing a lovely gown of deep purple adorned with gold thread and a gold lace bodice.
Your dress is beautiful, I commented as I unfolded my camping chair and sat down next to her.
Thank you very much, she replied.  Its actually made of a linen fabric I ordered from Italy.  I designed it based on Italian clothes worn in the year of our Lord 1570.
Impressive, I said.
She then continued on about the historic significance of her dress, the time period from which the design was derived, and the passionate response she had elicited from her husband upon first trying on the finished article.  This went on for an unimaginable period of time until at some point my mind drifted away completely.  I wondered what Jessie would be doing today and when I would have time to pick up dog poop again.  And what I could do about those stubborn calcium deposits that were building up on my shower walls.  And still the woman droned on about the dress and 16th century Italy and how the fabric would have been dyed to reflect the royal colors.
Mercifully the duel began, and the woman assured me she would wrap up our tantalizing discussion following the fight.
David entered the arena with his sword pointed directly at his opponent.  In his green dress and tights I could not help think of the main character in Robin Hood, Men In tights.
I see my royal husband will be fighting a simple nobleman today, my newfound friend said.  Dont get too comfortable; this wont take long.  My husband is undefeated this season.
Really? I said.  And how long has the season been running?
Since the north wind blew in the torrential rains, of course, was her answer, her head held high, her nose in the air.
Of course, I said.  I cant believe I did not remember that.  My, how time flies when the north winds blow like that!
And then she cocked her head with a look of complete surprise on her face and said, Do you mock me, simpleton?
Oops, was I mocking you?
Youve mocked me again.  I assure you, strumpet, you will indeed rue this day in your ill-bred life, she hissed.
At that point the fashionista stood up, folded her camping stool, and moved to the opposite side of the arena away from the riffraff.  By this time the arena had filled up with others in costume.
Nice throne, Queen Victoria, I commented as she moved away.  
Her eyes threw daggers my direction and I settled in to watch the fencing match.  Who knew people would take this so seriously?  
She was, however, quite right about the short amount of time the fencing match would consume.  It was announced a mere seven minutes into the duel that the nobleman had suffered the loss of his dominant arm and the king was deemed the indisputable victor.  The referee invited the audience and participants to join him in a nice tankard of home-brewed grog, the likes of which, he explained, would most likely staunch the flow of the noblemans blood.  Well, at least Davids make believe wound would be treated appropriately.  
Before they left the ring, the king extended his hand to David and said, 'Twas a noble fight indeed, dear sir.  I thank you for a most invigorating duel.
Id shake your hand, laughed David, but youve gone and chopped it off.  The king found this most humorous and they both had a hearty laugh.  Queenie sat aloof and glaring at me still.  
On our way to the grog tent I heard a voice from behind us.
Well, Nobleman David, thy fly-bitten boar-pig, what a sight for sore eyes you are, man!
Sir Mathias! David shouted as the two men greeted each other in a bear hug.  
And whom might I ask is the fair maiden who accompanies a frothy foot licker like yourself?
Maid Lucy, David said.  Id like to introduce you to my beef-witted mate, Sir Mathias.
Sir Mathias kissed the back of my hand as he bowed.  I wondered how many times this would happen today, and suddenly wished I had brought my Germ-X.
Most pleasurable to meet you, fair Maiden Lucy, responded Sir Mathias.
They turned their attention back to one another.
Well, good morrow, my old friend, said Sir Mathias.
And a good morrow to you, replied David.
In which direction will you be venturing? asked Sir Mathias.
To the fairsite to partake in some Dragon Piss, answered David.
Your lovely wench would make for a great game of hogtie.
Try it and Ill solicit a privy monster to hunt you down, you horn beast!
Mayhaps Ill join you two lovebirds, then, after Ive found my way to the privy.
A Pox upon you until then, said David.
And upon you, said Sir Mathias with a resounding laugh.
Where the Hell was I?  Had I been beamed up to an alien Renaissance ship?  This was getting WAY too weird.  I suddenly wished I could just go home where everyone speaks my language, where no one would partake in Dragon Piss, where there would be no Queen Meanhead shooting daggers at me from her evil eyes.  There have been few times in my life when I felt so completely out of place.
When his friend had left, I turned to David.
I feel like I should press 8 to hear that conversation in English, I said.
Youll catch on eventually, he chuckled.  
What did you two just discuss?
I told him that were on our way to get some drinks and he said hell meet us there after he finds the bathroom.  I told him I hope he contracts a horrible disease and he returned the wish in kind.
Lovely, and whats the game of hogtie with your wench?
A childish game where men surround a woman and she has to kiss her way out of the circle.  All in good fun of course.
So, this is his idea of fun.  Its good to know.  My only hope at this point was that the Dragon Piss would be 100 proof. 
We stopped off at Davids truck and he brought out a bottle of homemade wine, a wooden box, and an elaborate wine glass that really did look like it was from the Renaissance period.
We headed to the pavilion where lunch was starting to smell phenomenal.  We took a seat at a picnic table and David poured a glass of wine.  I wondered if he had decided not to drink since he would soon be driving home.  Could this mean this incredibly weird date would be over soon?
Will you not be drinking? I asked as I watched him fill the single glass with wine.
Of course I will, he said, were going to share the glass because its more romantic that way.
He pulled me closer to him and put the glass to my lips.  
Really? said Shallow Lucy.
Whats in the box? I asked, not really knowing if I wanted to hear the answer.
We have to bring our own plates and cutlery, he said.  Theyre all designed to reflect the time period in which the character we portray lived.
For what seemed like the next six hours he showed me the details of each fork, knife, spoon, and plate which reflected another place in time.  I have to say that I was getting somewhat desperate to see this horrible date come to an end, but David had other plans.
Lets take a walk to the river, he said.  I want you all to myself.
Before we left the pavilion he refilled the community wine cup. The river was beautiful and he spread out a blanket near a patch of tiger lilies that were in full bloom. 
I know we talked about slowing our relationship down, he started.  And I have every intention of doing what I promised.  I just want to let you know that as soon as youre ready to take our relationship to the next level, just give the word and we can make whatever changes well need to make in order for that to happen.
Well, Im certainly glad to see that youve slowed things down, I said, perhaps a bit too sarcastically which immediately put him on the defensive.
Im just saying that its completely up to you and I will not push you at all.
I appreciate that, David.
No need to thank me.  I understand your need to be sure about us before you make that commitment.
What commitment? I asked.
The one I absolutely know you will ultimately make to our relationship.
Again, really? Shallow Lucy dripped with disdain. 		
Confident, arent you?
Yes, I am.  Ive never been more sure of anything in my life.  I would like to ask you a question about the future, though, if you dont mind.
OK, I said, although I really did not think I wanted to hear this question.
Just out of curiosity, no pressure of course, what is your five-year outlook for your life and where do you see me in that plan?
Shallow Lucy made an appearance then.  To my surprise she was wearing a lovely gown that clearly reflected royalty.
What are you doing here? I asked Shallow Lucy.  I dont recall inviting you.
Im here to help you write that five-year itinerary, she replied.  I know how you struggle with making plans for the future.
Why are you dressed like royalty? I asked.  
Those wench costumes just look so slutty, she said.  I couldnt bring myself to wear one.
Thats very funny, I said, tugging my borrowed dress up as far as it would go, but still not able to cover my cup that runneth over it.  You dont need to stay; Ive got this.
Just here to help, Shallow Lucy said.  This is only your fourth date and he wants to know how much space hell be occupying in your life five years from now.  I can answer that if youd like.
Tell me, then, Queen Shallow Lucy, what kind of grim future does your crystal ball show?
I see you and David in your house with a new picket fence.
That sounds nice, I said picturing my new, improved yard.  
I see you and David leaving for a walk, Shallow Lucy continued. 
Sounds romantic, I said.  I love going for walks hand in hand.
Youre not hand in hand, Shallow Lucy said.  Davids actually got you on a rather short leash.  You know, the leather ones with the poky metal spikes.
Thank you for the heartwarming picture of my future, I said.  
Now, please go away.
What do you want to bet Davids next move will be to flip open a flow chart showing maximization of the power of your fifth date which will in turn lead to a quick trip down the aisle shortly before your sixth date?
Youre such a drama queen.
Well, Im certainly dressed for it.
I waved Shallow Lucy away and turned back to David.  
I thought you said you wouldnt rush things, I said.
Im not rushing anything.  If I was trying to rush things I would have asked you where I fit into your one-year plan.  Im allowing you to take all the time you want, i.e., five years.  That is enough time, isnt it?  Because if its not then we could talk about a six year plan instead.  Im willing to wait that long.
Why on earth are you still standing here? Shallow Lucy asked.
I have to go to the bathroom, was all I could manage to say.
The privy is that direction, he said.  Ill walk you there.  
No, you wait right here, I insisted.  Id hate to lose our spot by the river.
I stood up, straightened my bodice, and dashed to the privy.
Once inside the stall, I grabbed my cell phone nestled in my enhanced cleavage and called Jessie.
Hello? Jessie said.
Its me, I whispered into the phone.
Mom? 
Yes.
Whats up?  Why are you whispering and why is your voice echoing?
Ignore the echo, I instructed.  I need you to call my cell phone in about three minutes.
Good, lord, woman.  How many bad dates do you expect me to bail you out of?
Who knows, I admitted.  Could be dozens.  Just do this favor for me, please.
All right, then, she said as she laughed quietly and hung up.
I returned to the river bank where David was finishing off our glass of wine. 
So, David started.  What about that five-year plan?
Just then the phone rang.
Your cleavage is ringing, David said.  Did you want me to get that for you?
Ive got it, I said.  
Hello?
Hey, mom.
You did what?  How deep is the cut?
So, Im bleeding this time, Jessie said. Sounds painful.
It sounds like youll need stitches, I said.  Ill get right home so I can take you to the hospital.  Keep the bandage on, keep your hand above the level of your heart, and continue to apply pressure to the wound.  Ill be there soon.
Nice touch of realism, she said.
I hung up and placed the phone back in its cubby.
Im so sorry, David, but Jessie cut her hand and I really have to get home so I can take her to the hospital.
By all means, fair lady, he said.  Let me walk you to your car.  
I want to take the dress off first so you can give it back to your friend.  Please tell her thank you for loaning it to me.
I returned to the bathroom and quickly changed clothes.
When can I see you again? David asked as he closed my car door and I started up the engine.
NEVER! Shallow Lucy screamed.  Just drive and dont look back.
Ill call and we can set something up, I lied.
Think about that five-year plan, he said hopefully.	
Oh, yeah, David, I most certainly will, said Shallow Lucy.
All right, David, Ill give it some thought. I said.
I think I actually whimpered a bit as I smelled the food that I would not get to enjoy.  Just one more unpleasant aspect of this date in which I felt so incredibly out of place.  Such a perfect man in so many ways but looking for so much more commitment than I would be ready to make any time soon.  I would never fit into the world of fantasy in which he so clearly thrived.  So close and yet so far.
I was loath to stay long enough to enjoy the food that was being prepared at the Renaissance event lest I produce a five-year plan for David.  However I took solace knowing that LeAnnie, Joye, and Kim would be game (pun intended) to join me for one of Davids favorite Renaissance meals.  

The Frothy Foot Lickers Favorite Game Hen

2 Cornish game hens
1/2 cup melted butter
1/2 onion, chopped
1/2 stalk celery, chopped
1/4 yellow bell pepper, chopped
1/4 red bell pepper, chopped
1/4 green bell pepper, chopped
1/2 cup chopped mushrooms
1 zucchini cut into bite-sized pieces
1 summer squash, cut into bite-sized pieces 
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
Salt and pepper to taste
2 tablespoons olive oil
3/4 cup melted butter, divided

1.  Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
2.  In a small bowl combine the 1/2 cup melted butter, onion, celery, bell peppers, zucchini, summer squash, mushrooms, garlic, basil, oregano and parsley.
4.  Rub olive oil all over the hens and season each with salt and pepper. Place the hens on a baking sheet pan with plenty of space between them.  This will allow them to crisp up and they will not need to cook as long.  Loosely stuff the cavities of each hen with the vegetable mixture.  Place any extra veggies in a covered glass baking dish.
5.  Roast the hens at 375 degrees for about one hour or until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 165 degrees and the juices run clear. Remove the hens from the oven, loosely tent with foil and let rest 10 minutes before carving or serving. 

****

Chapter 14
Crazy as a Bat House

While man shopping on the internet I had met the greatest guy and had been having a wonderful time getting to know him.  He had been a widower for several years and had raised his two daughters on his own.  He was kind and generous and non-judgmental.  He was very good looking but not in an intimidating kind of way.  Just unshaven enough for my liking and not stuffy in the least.
We had been dating for several weeks and were both really looking forward to a very intimate weekend together. 
The weekend started out on a very romantic note.  I had made dinner and Joe brought a lovely bottle of champagne and chocolate-covered strawberries.  It was snowing gently outside and we sat in front of the fire in the den and talked for hours.  I admit that I had fallen completely head over heels for this guy.
After finishing the bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries, which I was surprised to learn he had hand dipped himself, we retired to my bedroom for the most incredible night of love making I can remember in a long, long time.  We took our time and really got to know each others bodies like I could previously not have imagined possible.  The depth of intimacy we attained was incredible.  When we had finished we fell asleep holding so tight to one another that I thought nothing could separate us...until nature called at about 2:00 in the morning.
I sat up in bed and in the glow of the candle watched Joe sleeping.  His chest was nicely built up from his years of working as a carpenter.  His shoulders were broad and he had a manly, square jaw.  In this light I could imagine his picture in a catalog touting mens pajamas.  I kissed him gently and snuck across the hall to the bathroom.
While I sat, still basking in the feeling of having made love for the first time in a very long time and feeling completely satiated I heard a scratching sound at the bathroom door.  I assumed it was my cat, Gracie, and figured Id see one of her paws poking under the door as she often did to get my attention when a door separated us.
As I turned to look from my rather vulnerable position, though, I did not see a kittys paw but instead watched as a very large bat folded himself up quite neatly and slithered under the door into the bathroom.  When he heard me gasp he turned his head in my direction, opened his mouth wide, and showed his impressive fangs.  His face looked like someone had dressed a mouse for Halloween in a very realistic vampire costume, fangs and all.  His ears twitched nervously and spittle sprayed vicariously when he hissed his displeasure at seeing me in what he thought would be his refuge from the cat.  Right after he came through I saw Gracies paw poking under the door trying to grasp his tiny bat foot which was right out of my cats reach.
Right on time, Gracie, I thought.  Im so trading you in for a dog!
As I sat contemplating the situation my first thought was that I really didnt want to get up and drip on the floor.  I was determined to finish what I came here for regardless of the fangs he showed again or the threatening hisses he continued to direct my way.  This was my house, dammit, and I was not going to let this crazy little bat tell me when I could pee.  I would not dribble on the floor and make a mess that I would have to clean up later because this bat got lost in my house and couldnt find his way out...This was my thought until the bat took flight and headed straight for me.  So much for being the queen of my own home; I had just been dethroned by a flying rodent.  If he wanted the damned bathroom that badly, I decided, he could just have it.
I promptly stood up, dribbled on the floor while I was grabbing at my new Victorias Secret silk pajama pants, and dripped on the pajamas too.  Now I was really mad!  Those pajamas were a huge splurge for me and I spent the better part of a day picking the sexiest set I could find for this very special night with the terrific man who was waiting in my bed while I scrambled around my bathroom trying to elude this flying rat.  Where is the justice in this?  I wondered.  This bat would just have to go!
When he flew onto the shower curtain rod I opened the bathroom door just enough to slip through and closed it behind me.  The plan was to go and get a pillow case, throw it over the little flying monster, and put him outside where he belonged. 
Just as I closed the door, however, I saw Joe standing in the doorway to my bedroom.
Whats up? he asked.  You look a bit flustered.
Its nothing, I said.  Go back to bed; Ill be right there.
He walked toward me and wrapped his long, muscular arms around my waist and gave me a deeply passionate kiss.  I knew wed be awake most of the night after a kiss like that and I couldnt wait to get back to more of that.  I certainly did not want to spoil the mood by telling Joe that I had sat to pee in the company of a bat.  I also did not want him to think that I lived in a house that was full of flying rodents on a regular basis.
Ill meet you there, he said.  I just need to use the bathroom real quick.  
Cant you wait? I asked, kissing his neck and trying to get him headed in the opposite direction.
Wait?
Yes, do you have to go right this minute? I asked.  I have something far more interesting in mind for you over here in the bedroom.
I cant wait to see what you have in store for me, he said heading toward the dreaded bathroom door, but right now I really need to pee.  
OK, I said, but theres something you need to know before you...
Really, he said impatiently, it will just have to wait.  I need to go.
Before I could stop him he turned the doorknob to the bathroom and pushed on the door.  As if he had been listening to our conversation and knew just when to take flight, the bat flew out and literally dive bombed Joes head.  And my handsome, masculine lover let out a girlie scream that rivaled my sisters response to the frog I had put in her underwear drawer in the sixth grade.  He waved his arms to fight off the flying predator and the bat flew over my head and landed on my bed.  I grabbed a towel from the closet in the hall and tossed it over the bat.
I scooped it up and was about to take it outside when Joe walked into my bedroom.  He avoided the bat and I by making a big circle around us and picked up his clothes and shoes which lay beside the bed where they had been left in the throes of passion not so very long ago.  His eyes never left the squirming towel in my hand as he backed out of the bedroom.  
Where are you going? I asked. 
Im going home, he said.
Its just a bat, I said.  Its not a big deal.  They wander in every now and then.
Every now and then? he practically shrieked.  You mean this has happened before?
Just a couple of times, I said feeling a bit embarrassed about the state of my home now.  Not really very often.
He was putting his shirt on over his head as he hurried down the stairs.
I hate bats, he said.  They are the most repulsive creatures on the planet earth!
Ill take the bat out, I said quietly.  He wont bother you anymore, I promise.
I stood at the stop of the stairs holding the towel-encased bat.
Im sorry, Joe said with his hand on the front doorknob.  This is just more than I can deal with tonight.  Ill call you later.
The front door closed and I heard his tires squeal out of my driveway.  Gracie looked up at me, eyeing the wiggling towel with vague interest.  
That goes to show you, Gracie, I said,  never trust a man who doesnt trust a bat.
Gracie and I took the bat outside and set him free and I returned to my empty bed.  I felt the pangs of loneliness set in for the first time since Id been dating Joe.  Gracie curled up in my lap then and we sat comforting each other in the candlelight. 
For the next two days I waited for Joe to call.  I mean, he said hed phone, right?  When I say Ill do something, I do it.  Right?  I tried staring at the phone.  It didnt ring.  I tried ignoring the phone with just the tiniest glances in its direction.  Still it didnt ring.  I tried to meditate.  I closed my eyes and pictured Joe picking up a phone and dialing my number.  Alas, the phone still did not ring.  And so I ate a pint of Ben and Jerrys Super Fudge Chunk.
On the third day of waiting, after Id finished off a pint and a half of Ben and Jerrys Chunky Monkey, I finally gave in to my obsession with the phone and called Joe.  Maybe he had just been busy, I thought.  Maybe hes been working overtime.  Maybe hes been hanging out with his friends watching football.  Maybe, maybe, maybe.  I just needed closure and that could only come with one final conversation.  I felt like I was dangling precariously from a cliff by my fingertips just waiting for the final word.  If we were through then I HAD to hear it from Joe.  I thought we had such a great relationship and the idea that a bat in my house could end that just blew my mind.  I just couldnt accept it until I heard it straight from the sources mouth.  Although the common sense side of my brain said it was over, the hormonal side of my brain said we still had a fighting chance.
I dialed his number and after three rings it went to his voice mail.
Hi, Joe, I said, trying to sound as chipper as I could.  I just wanted to...apologize for the other night and see how youre doing.  Could you call me, please?
The instant I hung up I just hated myself for giving in and making that call.  Why was I apologizing to him?  I have a perfectly lovely home; its not like I invited the bat in.  
However my hopes were renewed, valid or not, that Joe would call back having seen the error of his ways.  And so I waited...and waited...and waited.  In the meantime I polished off a pint of Ben & Jerrys Triple Caramel Chunk and a pint of Karamel Sutra.
Until at last the wait was over and I received an e-mail from Joe the cowardly, bat-phobic, girlie screaming man.  It read as follows:

Hello Lucy.  (Like this is just a very casual, nonchalant letter and were still the best pals ever.)

Im sorry I havent called but my dad has needed extra help with his feeding tube the past few days and Im the only one who has been available to assist him.  

(By the way did I mention that my cousin knows his dad?  The guy owns a strip bar and my mind cannot even bend far enough to imagine what he might be doing with a feeding tube.)  

I regret to tell you that I have reconsidered my decision to continue my relationship with you as my fathers medical condition is deteriorating and I am his only surviving family member.  

(Only surviving family member?  My cousin is dating Joes twin sisters who are dancers at the strip club.  His brother is a bouncer and his mom keeps the books at the lovely family-owned establishment.  Feeding tube, my ass!  My cousin says that Joes father is the biggest tipper in the place!)  

I only hope that you can forgive me as I accompany my father on his final journey home.

With Warm Regards,
Joe

Having had enough of my affair with Ben & Jerry I called the girls over for ladies night.  I knew, without a doubt, that they could help me sort through the end of yet another relationship upon which I had precariously balanced my hopes for future happiness.
When they arrived on Saturday night I felt like it was Christmas morning when I was in the fourth grade and I opened a brand new candy apple red unicycle.  Truly the best gift I have ever received.  
LeAnnie showed up with the dipshit, a several-layer black bean dip served up with giant Frito Scoops.  Kim brought the ever popular warm and succulent fresh crab dip and assortment of deli crackers, and Joye brought a four-layer almond mocha cake which she spent the entire evening swearing she had not picked up at the bakery on her way over.
The drinks would be my specialty that night, and I had just begun to mix them up when I heard a blood-curdling shriek from upstairs.
Joye had just scooped up a Frito full of dipshit which promptly fell to the kitchen floor when she heard the scream.  
What in the Hell was that? Joye said.
That was Kim, LeAnnie said.
LeAnnie, Joye, and I ran upstairs.  Kim stood at the top of the stairway staring at the doorframe of my bedroom from which hung a moderate-sized bat.  
He flew right over my head, Kim said, and landed right there.
I think hes mocking you, said Joye.  Im pretty sure the look on his face is a smirk.
He dive bombed me, Kim said.  It scared the crap out of me.
I wonder if its the same stupid bat that scared Joe off, I mused.
If it is then we owe him a debt of gratitude, said LeAnnie.  Joe was a jerk and the bat only helped you realize that.
Lets drink a toast to the bat that enlightened Lucy to the error of Joes ways.
All right, then, I agreed.  I started down the stairs but Kim stopped me.  
Arent we going to do something with the bat? she asked.
Of course we are, LeAnnie said.  Well conjure up the god of the flying rodents and drink a toast to him.  Well name a martini after him.  Perhaps the gods will be more kind to the bat than they were to the woodchuck. 
All right, then, how about the Flying Rodent Fantasy?  Kim suggested.
Flying Rodent Fantasy it is, Joye agreed.
We retired to the kitchen leaving the bat hanging in the doorway of my bedroom to which I would retire alone tonight.  Joye broke out the Absolut vodka, cherry juice, and Cointreau and deemed this the Flying Rodent Fantasy.  
After a couple of rounds we headed back up the stairs and LeAnnie grabbed a pillow case from the linen closet.
Are you sure this is going to work? she asked.
Im not so sure, but Steve Irwin, God rest his soul, says this is the best way to capture a bat.
The bat was sound asleep by this time, upside down; his long bat wings wrapped around himself like a rodents Snuggie.  His toes seemed glued to the doorframe.
LeAnnie put the pillow case over the bat, Kim pried his toes off of the doorframe with a spatula, and he fell into the pillow case.
We made another round of drinks and headed outside where we watched LeAnnie open up the pillow case.  The bat took flight and was completely engulfed in the darkness a moment later.
We toasted our little friend and returned to the house.
Now we need to find out where these creatures are coming in, Joye said.
We all spanned out throughout the house looking for obvious nooks and crannies exposed to the outside world.  
Up here! LeAnnie said.
We all headed upstairs to see what she was talking about.  She showed us an opening to the attic which had been left open by the electricians who had done some work recently.  She slid the door closed and in doing so resolved the bat dilemma for good.
The four of us returned to the kitchen and our Flying Rodent Fantasies and toasted a job well done and a nicely placed bat which brought to light Joes questionable scruples.  
To the misguided bat, Joye said, raising her martini glass, who helped Lucy find her way.
I may not have had another shot with Joe, but LeAnnies contribution to ladies night certainly helped me forget about him for a while.

LeAnnies Dipshit

Layer One
1 16-ounce can refried black beans

Layer Two
4 ounces sour cream
4 ounces cream cheese
1 1-ounce package taco seasoning mix
1/3 cup chopped canned jalapenos
Blend the above together.

Layer Three
2 avocados, peeled, pitted and mashed
1-1/2 tablespoons fresh lime juice
1/2 cup salsa
1/2 teaspoon garlic salt
Mix the above together.

Layer Four
4 Roma tomatoes, diced
1 bunch green onions, finely chopped
2 cups shredded Mexican-style cheese blend
1 (2.25 ounce) can black olives - drained and finely chopped

In a 9" x 13" baking dish spread the refried beans.  Top with sour cream mixture.  Spread on guacamole.  Top with tomatoes, green onions, Mexican-style cheese blend and black olives.  Serve with tortilla chips and/or giant Frito Scoops. 

****

Chapter 15
Boys and Their Toys

I was roller blading around town today; another beautiful day in paradise.  I had stopped to take a breather by the river when I noticed a huge, yellow truck with giant tires.  It was complete with the big pipes behind the drivers side and black flames painted on each door.  I swear I expected to see the words Made by Mattel, painted somewhere.  
More interesting than the truck, however, was the driver of this grown ups Hot Wheels toy.  The man was gorgeous.  He had a strikingly large neck, a bit of a boxy head, and biceps the size of the giant muffler protruding from underneath his truck.  Just think GI Joe, complete with a buzz cut and chiseled face.
I realized the man was sizing me up and have to admit that I was doing the same to him.  He was a fine specimen, indeed.  What truly lovely muscle definition.  What a manly man.  I could just picture myself being picked up and carried from a burning building in this mans arms as he effortlessly swept me off of my feet to safety.
The daydream was shattered, however, as he opened the truck door and literally jumped to the ground because he was all of maybe 5 feet, 3 inches tall.  
And in a perfect Mickey Mouse voice, he said, Hey, baby, whats up?
Oh, the humanity, sighed Shallow Lucy. 

****

Chapter 16
On Sucking the Life Out of a Date

I had a date tonight with a guy I met at Joes Gizzard City over the weekend when I was out with the ladies.  I had him pegged as the shy, quiet type and I decided this difference in our personalities would be a nice balance.  We had danced a couple of slow songs together and when he asked for my phone number I was quite flattered as I had regarded other womens almost swoon-like reactions to him throughout the evening.  He was the sort of guy who simply turned heads.  Although I must admit that I thought he was feeding me a line when he said that his name was...wait for it...Adonis.
We met for dinner at Darbs in downtown Eaton Rapids.  I was wearing the great new strappy heels I had bought on my last trip to the mall after the dating disaster with Ezekiel.  I had walked to the restaurant on this incredibly sunny, 60-degree day at the beginning of March in Michigan.  I was sure this miraculous March weather was a sign of good things to come.
I found a seat in the back with a great view of the front door so I could watch Adonis as he walked in.  When he did enter the reactions of the patrons were the same as those at Joes Gizzard City; heads definitely turned in his direction.  The combination of his light brown hair looking slightly tousled, his sharp green eyes, and barely shaven face certainly demanded attention.  I could not wait for this date to begin.
He spotted me and headed my direction.  I noted the look of disappointment on the faces of a couple of ladies at the bar when they realized he was veering out of their line of fire.
Hello, he said with his hand extended toward me.  Im glad you could make it.
Hi, I said.  Its nice to see you again.
This is a nice place, he said.  Ive never been here.
They have great food, I said.  And if you want to play pool when were done eating, we can do that too.
I dont play pool, he said taking a seat across from me.  Ever since my brother, Doug, knocked out my front tooth with the eight ball Ive steered clear of the game.
Your teeth look great, I said.  I never would have guessed you had a front tooth replaced.
It wasnt replaced, he said.  The one that got knocked out was a baby tooth.  It was pretty traumatic, though.  There was blood everywhere.
That must have really hurt if you still remember it so clearly this many years later, I said.
It sure did, he said.  And I still think Doug did it on purpose.  He was always jealous of me because I was the cute one.
Ah, sibling rivalry, I said.  Now that can stay with you for a lifetime.
Not really, he said.  Dougs dead now.
Oh, Im so sorry, I said feeling quite uncomfortable and not really knowing what to say next. 
Me too, Adonis said.
Well, how about that menu, I said trying to steer away from this terribly uncomfortable conversation.  Would you mind passing that over to me?
He passed the menu over and opened his own and started reading.
Whats good here? he asked.
Ive never had a bad meal here, and Ive tried a number of the different menu items.  You just cant order wrong.  Although my absolute favorite is the Cajun pasta.  They use the most amazing spicy cream sauce and the chicken is like a little piece of Heaven.
I dont eat spicy food, he said.  Doug made me eat a really hot chili pepper once and it blistered my tongue and throat.  It hurt for days.
Well, that wasnt very nice, I sympathized.  Its amazing how mean kids can be to one another.
We werent kids, he said.  This was just a couple of years ago.
Oh boy, said Shallow Lucy.
Wow, I said.  How was he able to get you to eat the chili?
He tricked me, Adonis answered.  He said it was a tiny pickle.  I should never have believed him.  Im here to tell you that if anyone ever tries to get you to eat a tiny pickle, you should definitely read the label on the jar first!
Live and learn, I guess, I agreed.  Ill keep that in mind.  If you dont like spicy foods then you might want to try the steak and grilled veggies.  Theyre out of this world.
I dont like steak, he said.  I dont like the way the juices drip on everything else on the plate.
Psssst...Just want you to know Im here for you, said Shallow Lucy. 
Well, Im sure you can find something you like.  They serve a great variety of foods here.  Another one of my favorites is the vegetarian pizza.
Youre not a vegetarian are you? he asked.
No, but I do love the veggie pizza.
He looked over the menu for a while, breathed a heavy sigh, and put it back down.
What did you decide to order?  I asked.
Nothing looks good, he said.
Nothing? Shallow Lucy piped in.  The menu is four pages long.  How could this man find NOTHING that appeals to him?  Can you even trust a man who doesnt absolutely love food?  I mean, without the love of food what does one fall back on when wallowing in self pity?  After being dumped for another woman?  After being told, after sleeping with a guy for the first time, that youre better off being friends?  Its just not right.  Did I mention that the menu is four, single spaced pages long?
Nothing? I asked.
Nope, not a thing, he replied.
Not the pasta? I asked, quite dumbfounded.
Not the pasta, he answered.
Not the pizza?
Nope.
The pot roast?
Especially not the pot roast.
Well, I offered.  We could skip dinner and have dessert.
Are you insinuating that I dont want to pay for your dinner? he asked clearly quite insulted.
No, I stammered, I just thought that since you didnt find anything on the dinner menu, you might have better luck with the dessert menu.
He picked the menu back up and turned to the last page which was overflowing with decadent desserts.  
Vanilla ice cream wouldnt be too bad, he said after a considerable review of the desserts.
Oh, my God! Shallow Lucy shouted. Vanilla ice cream?  The calories and fat grams on the dessert page alone could add up to the tens of thousands.  There are so many chocolate delicacies listed that one could go into a diabetic coma just fantasizing about them!   And vanilla ice cream is the only thing that captures this mans attention?  UGH!!!!  Get your purse.  Lets go.
Youre judging him too harshly, I said.  Maybe hes having stomach issues that he doesnt want to discuss.  Perhaps his elderly mother invited him for lunch and he was just too polite to say no to seconds and thirds of the feast she had prepared which included all of his childhood favorites.
His elderly mother? Shallow Lucy said.
You never know, I retorted.  
Stomach issues? Shallow Lucy asked.
Could be, I argued.  And hes too polite to discuss his gastrointestinal discomfort on our first date.  That shows good manners.
Then test him, Shallow Lucy nagged.
Test him?  
Heck, yeah.  Ask him if hes feeling all right.  Quit making excuses for this guy that you know is just plain picky and just plain...well...plain.
There is nothing plain about this man.  Just LOOK at him.  Hes so damned good looking.
Does he even have a mom?
I dont know.
Ask him.
Leave me alone.
I challenge you to get this man to say one thing positive...make just one pleasant statement.
Hes not that bad.
Is too.
Is not.
Prove me wrong and I wont bother you for the rest of your date with Mr. Doldrums.
Fine.
Adonis put down his menu and was staring at a full-sized statue of Captain Morgan as if mesmerized.  
So, do you have family in the area? I asked.
No, not since my brother died.  Wow, thats a bit depressing.  But I was determined to prove that Shallow Lucy wrong.  And yet at some level, I knew I should be listening to her logical advice that I tend to tune out all too often.
Are you sure youre feeling all right?  You dont seem to have much of an appetite.
Do you always ask so many questions?
Sorry, Im just trying to get to know you.
Just then my sons long-time friend, Matt, approached.  He was the best server they had.
Just to let you know, Matt said, its Karaoke night.  It starts at 9:00 on the other side of the restaurant.  If you came for that then you might want to move to the other side when youre done with your meal.  It will fill up pretty fast in the next hour or so.
Thank you, I said.  I love Karaoke; that would be nice.
May I take your orders? Matt asked.
Id like the Cajun pasta, I answered.
Ill have some vanilla ice cream, Adonis answered.  
Would you like the ice cream plain or with a topping?  We have strawberry, hot fudge, and caramel.
Just the ice cream, thanks, Adonis said.
Well now I was feeling mighty uncomfortable.  I had ordered a full meal and Adonis would just sit and watch me eat it, vanilla ice cream melting in a bland little puddle in comparison to the spicy party Id have in my mouth.  And yet if I took back my order he may chastise me again about insinuating hes a cheapskate.  What to do?  What to do?
Ill tell you what to do, Shallow Lucy piped in.  You enjoy your pasta and let Mr. Happy wallow in his vanilla wonderland.
But it seems so rude to eat such incredible food in front of him, I said.
Its not like he couldnt be enjoying a great meal too.  He looked at the same menu you ordered from.  You didnt hold a gun to his head and demand that he order Malto Meal.
All right, I agreed.  Ill just enjoy the pasta.  What have I got to lose?
You might as well enjoy the food because the companys certainly not the best youve encountered.
Youre judging him too quickly, I said.  Give the guy a chance.
Again I challenge you to get the guy to say anything upbeat.  Or ask even one question about you.  So far this whole painfully boring meeting has been all about him.
And if I can prove you wrong, youll leave me alone with this unbelievably handsome man?
Absolutely.
No questions asked and no whining?
Agreed.
Matt gathered up our menus and walked away.
Doesnt spicy food give you gas? Adonis asked.
Not typically, I said.  Maybe Im immune.  I grew up in New Mexico and we ate a lot of spicy food. 
There, I had given him the perfect opening to ask more questions about my life.  
The only Mexican food I eat is tacos, he said.  
I like tacos, too, I offered.  Whats your favorite Mexican restaurant?
I just said I dont eat Mexican food, Adonis said.
Clearly we did not share an interest in food.  I decided to try to get him to talk about something that could invoke a positive response to assure that Shallow Lucy would not continue to pester me throughout the evening.
Where do you work? I asked.
Im a night watchman at the sewage treatment facility in Lansing, he answered.
That must be an interesting job, I said, still hoping for that elusive enthusiastic response.
Are you serious? he asked, an eyebrow cocked at such an angle as to make him look a bit suspicious.
There must be some interesting aspects of your job, I said hopefully.
I walk around a sewage treatment facility...at night...with no other humans in sight.  To really bring up the level of excitement I check the boilers occasionally and use the industrial-sized skimmers to remove floating rodents.
Still, Ill bet you have some great stories about unusual items that you find in the tanks.
Nope.  Not really.
Do you like your job? I asked.
Would you? he answered.
Thankfully the food arrived and frankly I could not wait to indulge and be free of this deeply unpleasant conversation.  Matt placed our plates before us and the Heavenly odor of the Cajun cream sauce wafted gently inviting me to join in a game of culinary foreplay.  At that moment I just did not care how negative this man chose to be at every turn for I could soothe my soul with the meal at hand.
I dipped my fork in and twirled the perfect amount of pasta and sauce, took a bite, closed my eyes, and had an orgasm in my mouth.  I slathered a generous amount of butter onto a piece of freshly made sourdough bread and thought I might just melt into my seat.  Nothing could have been more perfect.  And then Adonis spoke up.
They put whipped cream on my ice cream, he pouted.
Oh, my God! Shallow Lucy shouted.  Call 911!  A heinous crime has taken place right here at Darbs!
You dont like whipped cream? I asked.
No, he said.  I told the waiter specifically not to put anything on the ice cream.
You told him you didnt want a topping, I said.  I dont remember you mentioning whipped cream.  
Does whipped cream not sit on top of the ice cream? he said in a bit of a snippy tone.
Yes, I answered.
Then its a topping.  And he shouldnt have put it on.
Can you scrape it off? I asked, just wanting to get back to my own fabulous meal without listening to this man continue to whine.
Ill still be able to taste it, he said.
Then ask Matt to bring you another bowl of ice cream without the whipped cream, I suggested.  I could hear the pasta calling me, begging me to eat it before it got cold.  Matts a great guy; hell be happy to bring you another bowl.
By the time he gets back with the next bowl youll be finished with your dinner.
Its not like he has to prepare another meal for you, I said.  He only has to scoop more ice cream into a bowl.  Im sure it wont take but a couple of minutes.
Forget it, Adonis said, I dont want the waiter to think Im a complainer.  He pushed the bowl back, crossed his arms in front of his chest, and sighed.
Well, theres a load of irony, Shallow Lucy piped in.  He doesnt want the waiter to think hes a complainer.  He hasnt said anything positive yet, but at least he said something really funny!  You think its time to plan your exit strategy yet?
But hes just so good looking, I answered wistfully.  Lets give him a bit more time.  If the date turns out to be a complete failure, at least Ill have more time to look at his unbelievably handsome face for a while longer.
You mean its not a total failure yet?
I still have my pasta.  How could it be a failure?  Besides maybe we just havent found a subject that hes passionate about yet.  Ill work on that.
It hurts me to watch you do this to yourself, it really does, Shallow Lucy said.  Its so obvious its not going to get any better.  But go right ahead, Ill be here to sweep up the pieces of your tragically broken heart when reality sinks in.
Dont be such a drama queen, I scolded.
Adonis interrupted my thoughts then.
Would you mind if we switch seats? he was saying.  The baseball games on and you have a better view from where youre sitting.
No problem, I said.  I got up and carried my meal to the other side of the table, pushed his untouched, melted vanilla ice cream to the side, and sat with my back to the muted big screen television set on the wall.  The pasta was still warm and so life was pretty damned good.
Do you like baseball? Adonis asked.
I really dont watch any sports, I said.
Thats too bad, he said.  Because Im kind of a baseball statistics nut.  I have some fascinating information I can share about the subject.
Matt approached just then.
Can I get you anything else? he asked.
Another glass of wine, please. I said.
Can you turn up the volume on the game? Adonis asked.
Karaoke will be starting in a few minutes, he said.  When thats going on we leave the television on mute.
Thats too bad, he said.  Its supposed to be a hell of a game tonight.
Did you want me to get you set up with a table on the other side before the Karaoke starts? asked Matt.
That would be great, I said.
Actually Im perfectly happy right where Im at, said Adonis.  You dont mind if we just watch the game, do you?
Dont you like Karaoke? I said.
I dont sing, he answered, eyes glued to the television set.
And if he did sing, Shallow Lucy said, it would only be the blues anyway.  She giggled at her own joke.
You dont enjoy hearing other people sing? I said wanting so much to be on the other side of the room where I could hear people laughing and joking.  I could see the DJ setting up the stage and people choosing the songs they wanted to sing.
Most of them are just awful anyway, Adonis said.  Frankly, Karaoke hurts my head.
Frankly, this guy hurts my head, Shallow Lucy piped in.  Now its time to plan your exit strategy, right?  
Not quite yet, I insisted.  Now that Ive found something he can talk about that he truly loves maybe hell liven up a bit.  Besides I need to keep my mind open to new experiences.  Maybe it will turn out that I really like watching baseball.  That would be great if we had something like that in common.
Its not going to happen and you know it, Shallow Lucy sniped back.  But you go right ahead and wait for it.  Ill be here when you come to your senses to pick you up, dust you off, and get you home where you can use your time on something much more interesting...like cleaning the wax out of your ears.
Give the guy a break; he doesnt even have a family.  The poor guys an orphan.  Have a heart, for Heavens sake.
He probably doesnt have any family because he bored them all to death...and the same could happen to you right in this very restaurant.  I can see the headlines now.  Forty Something Woman Found Face Down in her Cajun Pasta.  Man Being Held on Suspicion of Sucking the Life out of Unsuspecting Date.
Must you be so negative?
Look across the table; now THATS negative.
Go away.
Ill be here when youre ready to leave.
Adonis watched the television set for the next half hour like the boys in my childhood neighborhood watched bugs under their microscope in the hot New Mexican sun.  Nothing else existed.  All the while I could hear the Karaoke starting on the other side of the restaurant with a patron belting out a halfway decent version of The Other Side of the Moon...which I was starting to think would have been a far more interesting place than this table with this gorgeous man.  Although I have to admit that the longer the date dragged on the less good looking he appeared.
Until at last the silence was broken.
Now, you see the guy that just stole the base? Adonis asked. He is a genuine piece of crap and I have no idea why they keep that man on the team.  He should have been fired years ago!
Oh, I said.  What makes him so bad?
Well Ill start at the beginning of his career... he said.  
NO! cried Shallow Lucy.  Please, NO!  Take me home! 
Adonis started on a 45-minute, nonstop rant that covered the poor mans less than stellar life in baseball from the minor leagues to the most current game. 
When he finally finished listing every mistake the guy had made he pointed to another player and started listing all of the reasons he should not even be allowed in a baseball stadium.
Pretty soon he just sounded like Charlie Browns teacher, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, as he droned on endlessly with statistics and ancient scores and reasons each of his targeted players should not be playing professional ball.
Im going to go to the powder room, I said interrupting yet another rant, this time about a man who was limping off the field after twisting his ankle while catching a fly ball.
Adonis blinked and looked at me as though it was the first time he had seen me, so caught up in his world of baseball that he had no clue that I still sat at the table with him, though he continued to drone on endlessly.  I wondered if he thought he was at home with his guy friends drinking beer and watching the game.  And then I wondered if, still caught up in this fantasy, he would eventually ask me to pull his finger and laugh hysterically as he filled the room with toxic gas.
I grabbed my purse and headed to the ladies room.  I stopped at the bar and handed Matt enough money to cover the tab. 
Youve finally come to your senses, Shallow Lucy said. Im so proud of you!  Ive been thinking about how to exit this date gracefully
 I dont need your help with an escape plan.  Ive had the last two hours to plan it out on my own.  Its perfect.  I wont have to explain anything to Adonis.  Im just going to sneak out the basement bathroom window and be on my way.
You cant do that, Shallow Lucy shouted at me.  Thats just plain rude!  Why dont you just tell him its getting late and walk out the front door?  At least youd be ditching him in an honest way.  Use the direct approach.  You know thats the best way.
Direct?  Honest?  Hows this...Look, you are a very handsome man.  But you are the most boring, blabbering boob I have ever encountered.  And if I stay here any longer Im afraid that I will actually die of boredom.  Dead.  Gone.  No longer living.  The ambulance will come and the autopsy will show that my brain actually turned to a pile of ash, snuffing out my life for good.  I just cannot take that risk and I must leave now.  What do you think?  Will that be effective enough?  Honest enough?
You know you could put it in nicer terms than that!  Just tell the guy that baseballs not your cup of tea, tell him you hope he enjoys the rest of the game, and be on your way home.  Besides you have leftover pasta at the table.  If you sneak out, youll have to leave that behind.
This gave me pause and I considered her suggestion for a couple of minutes.  I even took a few steps back in Adonis direction.  When I turned the corner though, I saw that he was pounding his fists on the table and shouting at the dumb ass pitcher for throwing the game on purpose.  Even one more meal of Cajun pasta wasnt worth returning to that table.  
I went into the bathroom and surveyed my escape route.  I wondered if the window would be a tight fit but decided to do it anyway.  With a good deal of effort I cranked the old window handle.  I looked around the hallway and found a large, plastic storage box and placed it under the window.  I was just about to step up on the box when Shallow Lucy piped in again.
No offense, Shallow Lucy said.  But your butt will not fit through that tiny opening.
Are you calling me fat?
Just pointing out the obvious.
Thanks for your help, but Ill be fine.
You know youre going to end up looking like Winnie the Pooh when he gets stuck in Rabbits hole because he ate too much honey.  And then, just like Pooh, were going to have to wait until that pasta starts to come off of your hips.  It could be days or even weeks.  Theres really no telling.  I mean you did eat a LOT of pasta.  Good thing you didnt eat dessert.  That could take months.
Thanks for the doomsday report.  Ill see you at home.
With this I stepped up onto the box and began to pull myself through the basement window.  I could see the river flowing by and the path that followed it which would be the first part of my escape route.  I could smell the river and the exhaust from the cars that were passing by...and freedom.  
I stopped short as I realized there was person blocking my path to freedom.  I looked up and saw a face peering down at me, blocking out the sun.  As I tried to extricate my rear end from the rather small opening I realized, much to my surprise, that Shallow Lucy had been perfectly right.  My butt could not fit through the window.  Shallow Lucy gave a good, hearty belly laugh as I realized the person blocking my way was one of Eaton Rapids finest, a policeman.
Oh, if only someone could have warned you, Shallow Lucy said, sarcasm dripping like Adonis untouched ice cream.  
Are you a bit stuck? the policeman asked.  
I looked up and realized it was my neighbor, Mike.  A policeman who had lived across the street from me for many years.
Thats very funny, Mike, I said.  Can you give me a hand?
If I didnt know you better, Id think you were playing dine and dash.  It wouldnt be the first time Ive hauled someone in while they were trying to climb out this very window.  I keep telling the owner to seal this baby up to keep your type in.
Thats very funny, I said.  Just help me out, will you please?
Not until I can verify that youve paid your tab.  It wouldnt be fair if I gave you preferential treatment just because youre my neighbor, now would it?
Thats great.  Check on my tab as soon as you get me out of here.  Matt will verify that I paid.
No, Mike said.  You wait right there while I do some investigative work.
Seriously, Mike, I said.  This actually hurts.  Just help me out.
Tell me, he said, rubbing his chin and clearly enjoying this.  What, or who, is it that youre trying to escape?
Another bad date, if you must know...A hand please.
No offense, he said.  But your butts a bit large for this opening.  Im afraid youll have to find another escape route.
I hate to tell you I told you so, Shallow Lucy said, but...
Thanks for pointing out the obvious, I said, now humiliated beyond belief.
I started to back down but the flimsy plastic storage box collapsed under my weight and I fell to the floor, breaking the heel of my strappy little new shoe right in half, painfully twisting my ankle, and smacking my right eyebrow on the concrete wall for good measure.  I sat on the bathroom floor feeling my face begin to swell and indulging in my own little pity party, the broken shoe in one hand and the swollen ankle in the other.  The door opened and Mike came into the bathroom.  
I talked to Matt and he verified that you paid your tab, Mike said.  He wanted to know why you didnt just use the front door.
Mike held out a hand and helped me to my feet.  
Come here, and Ill show you why I was looking for an escape route, I said.  
We walked to the bathroom door and cracked it open.  I pointed to Adonis.
Thats the reason I didnt use the front door, I said.
We watched Adonis as he stared at the television set looking like an audience member at a group hypnotherapy session.  I thought I actually saw a bit of dribble at the corner of his mouth and wondered if he knew it was there.
A bit focused on the game, huh? Mike said.
A bit.
If the date wasnt going well, you should have just been honest with him, Mike said.
Youre not the first one to suggest that, I said.  I just couldnt stand the thought of seeing the look of rejection on his face when I left.
We watched as Adonis slammed his fist on the table as his team clearly was not playing up to this mans expectations.  I wondered if he even knew I had left the table.
Do you need a ride home? Mike asked, noting that I was holding my heels.
That would be great, I said.  Give me just a minute and Ill explain whats going on to my date.
Why? shouted Shallow Lucy.  Why not dump him right here, right now and get a ride home?  WHY do you feel the need to explain to this loser that the date didnt go well?  WHAT are you thinking, Lucy?
I limped to the table leaning on Mike in his police uniform, broken shoe in hand, ready to come clean and just tell the damned truth.  So focused on the game was Adonis that I actually had to touch his shoulder to lure his attention away from the television screen.
Adonis looked at me; my eye nearly swollen shut now, my favorite new shoe snapped like my pride, a cop supporting me for good measure.
What the hell did you do? Adonis asked.  Try to rob the place?  I swear to God, officer, I am not her accomplice.  I had no idea she was going to rob the place when we came in.  I was just enjoying the ball game.  I had no idea she was a criminal.
Why would you assume something like that? I asked, dumbfounded that this would be the first thing to enter his mind.  Why do you automatically think the worst of me...and every subject you talk about for that matter?  Did it not even occur to you that there might be a perfectly good explanation that did not include a completely negative scenario?  Perhaps I was helping a little old lady across the street, pushed her out of the way of an oncoming car, and sacrificed my own stiletto for the sake of her life.  Can your mind not see anything positive through the murk of negativity with which youve coated your entire outlook?  Must everything in your unhappy, plain vanilla ice cream, baseball obsessed world end badly?
Honestly, then, what did happen to you? Adonis as he folded his arms with a smug look on his face.
Ill tell you exactly what happened, I fumed.  After sitting here and listening to your endless baseball bullsh....
Excuse me, Lucy, Mike intervened.  Do you mind if I explain to this gentleman what really happened?
Im on a roll, Mike, can this wait?
No, he said.  I think he needs to understand what kind of a person you really are.
Yeah, Adonis said, Id like to hear it from the cops mouth.  Just exactly what did happen?
You know that little old lady she just mentioned?  Well, thanks to this brave woman, that sweet grandmother will live to attend her great granddaughters fifth birthday party tomorrow afternoon.  A drunk driver nearly ran her down.  Im pretty sure shed have been killed if Lucy hadnt been there to get her out of harms way just in the nick of time.  Does that about cover it, Lucy?
Uh, yeah.  I guess that about wraps it up, I answered.
So, you didnt rob the place? Adonis asked, still looking skeptical.  
I most certainly did not, I said.  And shame on you for even thinking that.  Come on, Mike, I could use that ride home now.
He doesnt need to give you a ride home, Adonis offered.  If you can wait until the games over I can give you a lift.
Thanks for the offer, but I dont think so. I said.  Ill just be on my way.
As I hobbled out of the restaurant Adonis flagged Matt down, ordered a beer, and continued to stare at the muted television set.  
Mike dropped me off at home where I donned my Spiderman pajamas and baked a batch of extra chewy turtle brownies with double hot fudge drizzle.  I sat down in the living room, propped my foot up on the coffee table, put an ice pack on my left ankle and right eye, and watched Casa Blanca while I ate the warm brownies from the pan with a spoon.
I heard the front door open downstairs and hollered for Jessie to grab a spoon and a glass of milk and come up and join the pity party.  
Another bad date? she shouted up the stairs.  I smell brownies.
Theyre turtle brownies with extra hot fudge, I said.
Extra hot fudge?  Ooh, must have been really bad, she said.  
She came into the living room and looked from me to the ice packs and then to Humphrey Bogart and back at the brownies.  I paused the movie and told her about the date and all of the humiliating details.  
Do you need an aspirin? she asked.
Thanks but I already took a couple.
And then in the best imitation Ive ever seen of myself in my most serious mom pose, she crossed her arms and said, And what did we learn from this tragic event, my dear?
Just be honest next time and call a loser a loser?
And what else?
Dont sneak out the bathroom window at Darbs because its smaller than my butt?
I think you missed the most obvious point, she said.  If youre going to be a coward and just ditch a guy, dont get caught!
Truly words of wisdom spoken from the heart.  Im so proud to be her mother.
Now slide the brownies over so I can help you wallow, she said.

After a life-sucking date, I rebound with extra chewy turtle brownies with double hot fudge.  If this doesnt breathe life back into you, nothing will.

Life-Saving Extra Chewy Turtle Brownies with Hot Fudge

2 boxes brownie mix for 9" x 13" pan
1 cup oil
1/4 cup water
4 eggs
1 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips
1 cup butterscotch chips
1 cup coarsely chopped pecans

Mix all ingredients.  Put in 9" x 13" pan greased on bottom only. Bake for 45 minutes at 325 degrees in a glass pan (or 300 degrees for dark/nonstick pan).

Turtle Topping
14-ounce bag wrapped caramels
3 tablespoons whipping cream
3/4 cup coarsely chopped pecans

In large microwavable bowl, microwave caramels and whipping cream uncovered on High 2 to 3 minutes, stirring occasionally, until smooth.  Stir in caramel and pour caramel over brownies.

The Final Touch
12.8-ounce jar Hersheys hot fudge topping.  (The worse the date, the more youll want to drizzle over the turtle topping.) 

****

Chapter 17
Lessons in Karma

I took Josh and Jessie to a benefit dinner and auction for a friend named Jim.  He had racked up many thousands of dollars in bills for his second round of chemotherapy in spite of having medical insurance.  He had lost his wife to cancer just the year before.  She had been there to face his first fight with this life-consuming disease but he was fighting the current battle alone.  He had lost his home because he could no longer make his house payment with only one income.  He had also lost his job of more than 18 years when the factory in which he had been employed shut down due to the crawling economy.
The benefit dinner was a blast.  They served spaghetti, salad, and garlic bread.  For dessert we were treated to the most incredible cookies Id had since my great grandmother made her spiced raisin cookies.  Thus began a night to remember.
The auction proceeded and I watched as people bid generously on restored toy antique fire engines which ironically I recognized from my childhood (you know youre getting old when), overnight vacation packages, food and wine baskets, MSU football paraphernalia, and signed jerseys from the Detroit Lions.
I noticed Jims sisters bidding on item after item, both raising the bids and purchasing many odd gifts they would take home.  I sat next to Jims youngest sister, Casey, who felt the need to justify each purchase with an explanation regarding what she intended to do with the item. 
Do I hear $100.00 for this beautifully restored antique pedal fire engine? the auctioneer asked.
Ill bid $150.00, Casey shouted.  As interest waned from other bidders she shouted out her final bid of $400 and squealed with excitement as hers was proclaimed the final winning bid.
Im so excited, she explained to me.  I bought that for my grandson or granddaughter.
How will you decide which one gets it? I asked.
Whichever one is born first, she said.  I dont actually have any grandchildren yet.  
Casey and her sisters went on to buy dozens more items.
Another woman paid $300.00 for a month of meals which had been donated by a kitchen in which you could purchase and prepare meals with a group of friends and neighbors.  I heard later that she had donated that month of meals to a local food pantry.  The local food pantry had then sold raffle tickets for that prize and earned over $900 with which they stocked their shelves.
A teacher had purchased a number of art supplies, childrens books, and educational games and then donated them to her classroom.
My favorite part of the benefit dinner, though, occurred as I watched a gentleman dressed in overalls, whom I guessed to be in his late 80s, bid exorbitantly on a Valentines lovers package.  He then gave it to his wheelchair-bound wife who planted a generous kiss on his lips.  I want exactly that, I thought.  Although this lovely womans body had weakened, their love for each other held all the strength of the universe.
I bought an overnight stay at a local hotel which the kids and I planned to use when the Michigan winter weather led us to seek happiness at the side of an indoor pool.  We would order pizza and stay up until all hours of the night watching zombie movies as was our mid-winter respite tradition.  I also bought a wine bottle opener which I initially did not really want.  However no one else was bidding on it and so I took it home.  Upon really taking a look at it, the lovely wooden, velvet lined case held a gadget that was the coolest thing I had ever seen or used.  It was designed with cogs and a handle that made opening wine a most elegant experience.  I knew with the first use that I would need to call the ladies over for a wine party to showcase it.
By the end of the evening I had spent a couple of hundred dollars, and on the way home Jessie wondered about this expenditure.
Mom, Im trying to understand this, she said.  When I asked yesterday if we could go shopping for new jeans you said that we couldnt afford it.
Yes, I said.
And yet you spent a lot of money tonight at the dinner.
Jessie, you have enough jeans to get you through until we buy your summer clothes, and so its not a necessity.  The money that we donated tonight will help Jim get back on his feet after the facing the hardest time of his life.  I honestly believe that any time we help someone out, in whatever way we can, that will come back to us.  God has blessed me in ways financially that allow me to give generously to those in need.  If I didnt have the money then Im sure God would pave the way for me to donate my time.  Its how the universe has always worked for me.  I believe that if other people would do this, it would work that way for everyone. It always just seems to come back to me in such great ways.
Interesting, she said.
Like karma, Josh said.
Yes, like karma, I agreed.
The auction lasted longer than I expected.  It was getting late and as I drove into town the one and only light that I would encounter turned red as I entered the intersection.  I went through anyway as there were no other vehicles in any direction, I was exhausted, and I just wanted to get home to Herman, my body-sized pillow, and go to sleep.
Unfortunately I saw red and blue lights in my rear view mirror after passing through the intersection.
You know you ran that red light, right? Jessie asked.
It was pink, I said.
Really?  Because I dont remember learning about the pink light in drivers ed, she said.
Its in the last chapter of the drivers manual.  You must have missed that one.
I read the whole manual, offered Josh, and there was nothing about pink lights.
I rolled down my window to speak with the police officer.  
Where are you coming from? she asked.
Lansing, I answered.
And what were you doing there? the officer asked.
We attended a benefit dinner and auction, I said.
Do you know why I stopped you?
No, I lied.
You ran the red light.
I thought it was pink.
You must not be from around here, she said.  We dont have pink lights in Michigan.  May I see your license, registration, and insurance papers, please? 
I handed her the documents.  As the officer took my papers back to her cruiser to call in my information I decided to use this as a teaching opportunity for Josh and Jessie.
Well, I said.  This could be a very expensive mistake Ive just made.  The ticket could run a couple of hundred dollars, Ill get points on my driving record, and my car insurance could go up.  You can, and indeed should, definitely learn from this so you dont have to face the same consequences.
The police officer returned to my car and handed the paper work to me.
I see that you have no other problems on your driving record, she said.  Im going to give you a warning this time.  Please pay more attention in the future.
Thank you, I said.  I really appreciate this.
I rolled up the window and seized the next opportunity to enlighten Josh and Jessie.
Do you remember the money we spent at the benefit dinner tonight? I asked.  And how I explained that these things always come back to you in awesome ways?
Yes, Jessie said.
This is just one example of how it truly works.  The couple of hundred dollars I spent at the benefit tonight was just repaid.  Lead your life this way and youll get to experience this gift too.
I must admit, thats pretty cool, Josh said.
I agree, I said.
I cant believe you told the cop the light was pink, Jessie said.
Her manual must have been missing that chapter, I said. 

****

Chapter 18
Flopsy Wopsy Was a Clown

While I was shopping at the Halloween store, a rather small and sad looking man struck up a conversation with me. 
When I could no longer dodge his relentless questions about my marital status and had to finally admit that I was single, he pulled out a business card.  He hesitated a moment before handing it to me and said, Before I give you my number, I have to ask if youre afraid of clowns.
Afraid of Clowns?  I echoed back to him.
Yes, are you afraid of clowns?
No, I said quietly backing away, why do you ask?
Because, he said with a genuine revelation-sharing grin, Im actually Flopsy Wopsy the Clown.  I ask whether you have a fear of clowns because I have encountered...lets just call them difficulties...in the past in dating scenarios due to my clown persona.  He quickly pulled out his cell phone, popped it open and proudly displayed a picture of himself in full clown regalia and face paint.
Thank you for your number, I said.  I knew at that point I should turn and walk politely away leaving him with false hopes that Id call.  However I could not help myself; I just had to ask.
Difficulties?  I asked.  What kind of difficulties with dates have you had due to your profession as a clown?
Well, he said a bit sheepishly.  For many years I didnt mention the fact that I was a clown to women when I was first getting to know them.  I just felt like they couldnt take me seriously.  
Go figure that, chuckled Shallow Lucy.
Well I had been dating this one particular woman whom I had thought might be the one.  Wed been introduced by mutual friends and had been dating for a bit of time.  After a fabulously romantic date we returned to my place for a night cap and things got quite amorous.  We retired to the boudoir and I lit some candles.  Things became very passionate when, in the candlelight, this woman noticed the shadow cast by my clown suit hanging on a coat rack.  She froze and then actually started to tremble.
I asked her what was the matter and, trembling, she pointed to the shadow.  I explained that it was just my clown suit, and tried to get back to what we were doing.  By this time a gentle breeze had wafted in through the open window and the candle flame was mimicking the breeze.  Of course the clown suit shadow started to waiver and bend and actually seemed to be keeping time to the slow jazz song that was playing in the background.  My date began to breathe heavily and I misinterpreted this as picking up where we had left off.  Reading others intuitively has never been one of my strengths.  I pulled her closer to me and whispered in her ear, Dont worry; its just the shadow of the clown dancing with the devil.  She breathed even more heavily and I became more amorous still until I realized that she was staring with a look of shear terror at the shadows.  
I asked if she was all right when I realized I had misread her labored breathing.  I tried to reassure her that it was a joke.  I tried to turn on the light so I could show her it was only a clown suit.
Before I could get the lights on, my date leapt from the bed.  She sprinted from the bedroom picking up her clothes on the way to the door.
I scooped up her shoes and followed her out in my boxers trying to reason with her all the way.  
I ran down the hall explaining that it was just a clown suit.  I told her that Im Flopsy Wopsy, a professional clown.  I make children happy.  I create happy memories and balloon animals.  I begged her not to go.
She jumped in her car and I barely had time to toss her shoes through the car window before she slammed the door and squealed away into the night.
Oh, my, I said, trying terribly hard not to laugh as this was clearly a difficult memory for Flopsy Wopsy.
Oh, my, is right, he said.  I spoke with the friends who had introduced us, and they found out later why she had reacted in this way.  It turns out that this woman had returned to her dorm room one evening many years previous.  Her roommate had apparently left the door unlocked, and during a particularly humiliating initiation a frat boy had sported full clown attire after losing at a drinking game and had gone in search of the perfect sorority girl.  He had sat down on her bed to await her return.  He passed out after a short time, rolled off the bed and onto the floor and eventually made his way under her bed. 
When this woman finally made her way back to her room she found the clowns red rubber nose on the floor.  When she bent down to pick it up the guy regained consciousness and slithered out from under her bunk.  She screamed which startled him and he screamed back which only made her scream louder.  She headed for the door but he managed to grab her ankle so she couldnt run for help.  She then reached for her cell phone, but by this time he was on his feet and knocked it out of her hands.  She started to scream but he pulled a hankie out of his pocket and stuffed it in her mouth.  But the hankie just kept coming and coming and coming.  It was relentless and seemed to have no end.  
He managed to get enough of the hankie to stay in her mouth that the screaming stopped.  He told her that he only needed to take a picture of them together to prove hed been there.  
He pulled out his own cell phone, smiled big for the camera, and snapped a picture.  He then dove out her open window and ran to a rather small, yellow car in which several other clowns awaited, all looking rather anxious.  The engine fired up and they were gone; all 15 of them.
Youre joking, right? I said.  
Actually Im dead serious, said Flopsy Wopsy.  Apparently she attended therapy for years and when we met had still not conquered her coulrophobia.  Now I ask anyone who might accompany me on a date whether my clown status would be of concern to them.
Coulrophobia? I ask, still dumbfounded that Id been engaged in this conversation.
An intense fear of clowns and mimes, he said.  Its more common than Id like to think.  Although I dont know why they grouped clowns with mimes.  I mean mimes are just so...quiet and unassuming.  Quite frankly I think theyre a bit creepy.
Whomever indeed, I agreed.
Anyway, since youre not afraid of clowns and we can be assured that there would be no repeat of that terrible night, please take my business card.  Id like to take you out for dinner some time.
Thank you, I said.  Im quite flattered.
I really hope youll call, he said.
Have a good day, I offered.

Theres nothing like hot, spiced apple cider to shake the creepy from your bones after meeting someone like Flopsy Wopsy around the Halloween season.

Lucys Warm-You-to-the-Bones Spiced Cider

1 gallon fresh apple cider
3 tablespoons cinnamon
3 cinnamon sticks
1 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1 teaspoon ground cloves
Hot Damn liquor (optional)

Combine all ingredients except for the Hot Damn in a crock pot.  Turn crock pot on high until heated through.  Keep the crock pot on low while serving.  Add a shot of Hot Damn to individual servings if desired. 

****

Chapter 19
Vegas Vacation

I had been a bit melancholy these last few days as the ten year anniversary of my divorce just passed.  I really hadnt wanted to get married again right away as I didnt want to deal with the blended families that would be involved.  However I guess I really didnt picture myself being single for this long either.  Quite the enigma, really, wanting to be married again and yet not wanting to commit to a relationship all at the same time.
My relationship with my ex-husband, Walter, has been in divorce as it was in marriage, quite the bi-polar experience. 
The first year I was divorced the ladies and I traveled to Las Vegas for our annual pilgrimage.  We were in my room indulging in the pre-dinner martini fest the first night of the trip when the phone rang. 
Hello, I said.
Lucy? Walter asked.  In my present state of euphoria sharing drinks with my best friends in Vegas his voiced sounded like fingernails on a chalk board.
Are the kids all right? I asked.
The kids are fine, he assured me.  Although I must say theyre kind of hungry.
Hungry? I inquired?
Yes, he said, theyre hungry.
So, feed them, I said, wondering what this had to do with me as I was 2,000 miles away from them and it was his weekend to take care of the kids.
I would feed them but Im calling from your house and you didnt leave many groceries here, he said.
Let me get this straight, I said.  What youre telling me is that youre standing in my kitchen running up my long distance bill while you call me in Vegas to complain that I didnt leave enough groceries for you to steal from my home?
Well, you dont have to get huffy about it, he said.  And you dont have to be such a cheapskate, either.  Theyre your kids and you could have left some food for them.  Thats all Im saying.
Am I the only one who sees the irony of this man calling me a cheapskate?
Walter, I said trying to remain calm, you shouldnt even be in my house.
By this time Joye, LeAnnie, and Kim are listening to my end of the conversation looking fairly concerned. 
The kids asked me to come in and get some food for them.  Josh used his key.  I have to tell you that they were sorely disappointed in what little you left.
Did it not occur to you to go to the grocery store to get food for them and not my home?
Our home, he said.  
I wanted to tell him what an ass he was being and that they were his kids too and to keep the hell out of my groceries and my home!  I just wanted to let him have it, but he sounded so pitiful.  The divorce was hard on all of us.  I could hear the kids in the background.  Ill make a better plan for my trip to Vegas next year, I thought.
Walter, weve been divorced for over a year and you are in MY home.  Please just resolve your own grocery dilemma and let me enjoy my vacation.
Here, he said, Jessie wants to talk to you.
Hey mom, Jessie said.
Hi Jessie, I replied.
Do you miss me? she asked.
Of course I miss you, I reassured her.  Do you miss me?
Well, duh!  Are you having fun with your friends?
Im having a great time!  Are you having a good time with dad and Josh?
Yeah, were having a good time, but were hungry.  How come you didnt leave any food for us?
Because I knew youd be with your dad and that hed have you covered.
But he doesnt have any food at his house.
Well, then, youre lucky because you guys can take a trip to the store with him.  I know you love to help pick out groceries. 
I could hear Walter talking in the background telling Josh just to take what he wanted and theyd make do with that.  He then explained to Jessie that they couldnt go to the grocery store because he wouldnt get paid until the following Friday.
Oh well, Jessie said.  Ive gotta go, Mom.  Were going to the movies and then out to dinner.
How could I explain to my daughter who was only 8 years old that the money they would spend at the movies and going out to dinner would cover groceries for the three of them for the entire weekend?  She just did not need to know these things yet and I certainly wasnt going to enlighten her and spoil the fun shed be having with her dad.
Have a great time, Jessie, I said.  I love you.
Love you too mom, she said.
I hung up the phone and faced the ladies.  I filled them in on the parts of the call they hadnt heard.
What were you thinking not giving him a piece of your mind? asked Kim.  He needs to know what a jackass hes being.  Its just not fair that you have to provide everything essential for the kids and he just gets to have fun.  Hes not even paying child support, for Gods sake!
I just dont have the strength to face that conversation yet, I admitted.  I still feel guilty about the divorce and leaving my kids in a broken home.
Well, LeAnnie said, get over the guilt and get on with your life.
Ill drink to that! Joye said, and proceeded to mix another round.
I have a gift for you, LeAnnie said, and this is the perfect time to give it to you.
She handed me a photo album titled The Unniversary Album.
Whats this? I asked.
The last time we came over, LeAnnie said, I borrowed some of your old photo albums.  Ill return them when we get home.  I scanned some of the pictures and took some Photo Shop liberties with them.  Take a look.
On the cover I recognized the wedding picture that had been on the cover of my own wedding album.  There I stood looking quite stunning in my mothers wedding gown and next to me stood an ass wearing Walters gray tuxedo with a burgundy bow tie and cummerbund.  Literally an ass.  The head of a donkey had been Photo Shopped onto Walters body and looked just as natural as Walters own face had in the original.  She had even superimposed Walters neatly trimmed beard onto the chin of the donkey.
I turned the page and recognized Walters hairy chest and Hawaiian swim trunks topped off quite nicely with the profile of a sharks head, complete with the creepy, lolling eye and fleshy bits of his lunch protruding from his teeth.  The caption read, Oops! Walter forgot to floss again.
The next picture showed a sloth sporting Walters face and holding a beer perched in a tree in my front yard.  It watched with slovenly interest as I shoveled about two feet of snow in the driveway.  
In keeping with the animal theme the next picture showed a pigs head on Walters body as he cut the Thanksgiving turkey.  The caption read, After dinner hell wallow in the Lazy Boy and then visit the pumpkin pie trough.  Thatll do, Pig.
The animal depiction I enjoyed the most, though, was drawn from the far reaches of Africa.  It was a picture of the back side of a baboon.  Over its bulbous, red tail the top of Walters face with his reading glasses was perched.  Beneath the red tail Walters smile would remain forever.  The words below read, Enough said.
On a page labeled Walter the Manly Man was a picture of my ex-husband with a prized buck he shot.  In the photo Walters face now belonged to the buck and the bucks face was expertly propped on Walters neck, antlers in full view seeming to grow right out of Walters bald spot.  Walters body sporting the deers head stood proudly with his shotgun lording over the buck with Walters face, the poor dead animals tongue hanging to the side.  The caption read, What nature truly intended.
The next picture had been taken on a cruise.  In the original Walter looked wistfully into the sunset from the deck of the ship and I looked at him with newlywed love written all over my face. Thanks to Photo Shop, though, the head of a carp protruded from Walters face.  A thought bubble over my head asked, Would you like a Tic Tac?
Another photo showed Walter in the hammock in our yard.  He looked every bit the tourist wearing a floppy straw hat, a Hawaiian shirt, and the latest in fashion statements, purple zinc on his nose.  He drank from a tall glass with a paper umbrella protruding from the frozen drink inside.  A short distance from the hammock I can be seen wearing old cut offs, a bandana to collect the sweat from my forehead, and a tattered tee-shirt that said, I wish I was in Jamaica.  I was pushing a lawn mower and the caption read, This photo was not altered in any way.  This is a true depiction of Lucys sad, sad life as a married woman.  Viewer discretion is advised.
In the final photo I could be seen sitting by a lake surrounded by majestic mountains that appeared to be on fire with brilliant fall colors.  They had given me the Photo Shop gift of Jennifer Anistons body.  I wore her turquoise bikini and her perfect hair framed my face.  They gave me her lovely skin too but left my eyes and mouth so it was obviously an enhanced me.
I held a fishing pole which was bent at an arc and emerging from the crystal clear teal water at the end of my line was Harrison Ford.  He was looking deep into my eyes with that crooked smile that could make me warm and tingly all over.
The caption read, Oh, the possibilities after divorce.  So many fish, so little time.
I closed the Unniversary Album and said a silent prayer of thanks for these friends who could help me laugh through any of lifes catastrophes.
The following year I planned ahead when I met the ladies in Vegas.  The day before I left for the trip I had the locks changed on my doors and did not leave a key with the kids.  I received a call from Jessie that year, from Walters phone, at his expense.
Hey, Mom, she said.  How come our keys dont fit the locks anymore?
I had the locks changed, I said.
Whyd you do that? she asked.
I read an article that said that you should change your locks periodically just to keep your family safe.
Oh, she said seemingly happy with the lie.  Well, dad had to hock his guitar to buy groceries this weekend.
Im sorry to hear that, I said.
Thats OK, she said.  He says we can still go rent some go-carts and go out for dinner.
Im glad youre having a good time, I said.  I love you.
Love you too, mom. 

****

Chapter 20
Freedom of the Road

As Im in the mode of thinking back on my life after marriage I thought about the 1980 something Sunbird I was driving right after the divorce.  The car I had been driving for several years during the marriage was on its last leg and I was still getting used to getting by on one income.  At the time Jessie was in the third grade and I walked her to school every day.  We passed by a car for sale in a neighbors yard every day for a couple of months and we agreed it was so ugly it was cute.
One day after I dropped Jessie off at school the owner of the car happened to be outside when I passed by, and I stopped to chat with him.  He said the car had been owned by his daughter who used it for college.  He was a mechanic and had maintained it for her.  He opened it up and showed me the furry, blue ceiling lining with black leopard spots with matching seat covers.  The steering wheel and the stick shift handle were covered with fluffy pink fake fur.  The rear view mirror sported a fuchsia monkey wearing a tiara.  Various stickers adorned the bumper, one of which touted the name of the college his daughter had attended.  A Cub Scout was seen on another giving the three-finger salute with the helpful suggestion to tailgaters that they read between the lines.  Yet another said My other cars the Bat mobile.  There were definitely some rust spots on it but otherwise the body looked in decent condition.
The sign in the window, right next to the long crack in the windshield, said $400 or Best Offer, and I asked if hed had any offers.  He said hed been offered $200 by a neighbor he didnt particularly like and had said no just because the guy was a pain in his cul de sac.  I asked if hed take $250 from a person of somewhat better character and he agreed.  
I drove the car to pick Jessie up from school that day and knew shed be excited to see me behind the wheel of the new to us car. When she came out of the school I waved her over.  She was completely enraptured with the little beast of a car and was thrilled to see the blue leopard skin seats and ceiling.  
Get in, I said, lets go for a joy ride!
As she pulled the door closed upon getting in, however, we heard something fall and hit the pavement.  She opened up the door and picked up a piece of rusty metal.
This cant be good, she said as she bent down and picked up a chunk of the running board off of the blacktop.
We dont need that piece anyway, I reassured her.  Throw it in the backseat and lets take a ride!
We put my favorite CD into the disk player, which was probably worth more than the car itself, and listened to Billy Joels Glass Houses for the better part of the afternoon while we drove all through Eaton Rapids, into Lansing, and out along mile after mile of beautiful country roads.  
We had picked Josh up from his school, and the great feeling of freedom was contagious as we all sang along with Billy Joel while we drove in the sunshine.
I drove that car for nearly the next year with hardly a glitch.  I most definitely got my $250 worth.  All of the kids friends loved riding in it because of the cool way it had been dressed up by the previous, far more hip owner.
The following spring the drivers side window got stuck and I called my friend Gary to come over to help.  He rolled underneath the car and I saw that he was jimmying the window inside the door.  I heard him tap on something and then a rather loud crack sounded.
Damn it, he said.  He rolled out from underneath the car and he looked like he was wearing a raccoons mask.  Upon closer inspection I could see that the mask was actually a fine layer of rust...apparently that was all that was holding the window up because the whole piece of glass had fallen completely out of the track and was wedged into the inside of the door.
Thats a great look for you, I said.  Zorro would be proud.
Thats nice, he said, you ridicule me while I risk my eyesight for this rust bucket.  He used a rag and wiped the rust from his face, leaving tawny colored streaks that looked like war paint.
Pocahontas would think youre hot, I said.
Ill bet Pocahontas wouldnt make fun of me if I was fixing this rust bucket for her.
Shed prefer a hollowed out log.  They dont rust.
Really, Gary said, you should start looking for a new car.  Ill have to tape the window in and you wont be able to roll it up or down anymore.
A couple of days later Jessie and I were on our way to pick up a pizza to celebrate my birthday when I saw bright blue and red lights in my rear view mirror.  I pulled over and started to open the door to talk with the police officer.
Please dont open the door, he said.  Just roll down your window. 
I cant roll down the window, I shouted through the glass.  It doesnt work.
Then open the door very slowly and step outside, he shouted back.
I had to jimmy the door a bit to get it to open because the duct tape that was holding the window in made it a bit difficult to open or close it.  I finally opened the door slowly and it creaked on its rusty hinges.  
I stepped outside of the car and the policeman was actually smiling at the scenario I had just gone through to exit the vehicle.  Well, I thought, at least he has a sense of humor.
Do you know why I pulled you over? he asked.
Does it have anything to do with duct tape? I said.
That certainly played into it, he said.  Can I see your drivers license, registration, and insurance please?
I leaned in and asked Jessie to look through the glove box for the paper work he had requested.  She was rifling through for what seemed an inordinate amount of time when she handed me a postcard with a naked man lying on the beach.
Why do you have this in here? she asked in a rather shocked tone of voice. 
Thats not mine, I said, obviously flustered.  It must have belonged to the girl who owned the car before me.
Right, Jessie said.  Thats just gross!
Please just give me the paper work, I said.  I was ready to take my ticket and be on my way so I could go hide under a rock.
Again the policeman watched the interaction with a genuinely pleasant smile.
When the paperwork was finally produced he waved me back into my car and headed back to his cruiser to call in the information.  He returned a few minutes later.
I actually stopped you because of the crack in your windshield, he said.  However your tabs expired as of yesterday as did your drivers license. 
I actually have the tabs sitting at home on my microwave.  Ive had them there for a couple of weeks now.  I just forgot to put them on the license plate.  And I went to the DMV at that same time to renew my license.  They gave me a temporary and its on the microwave at home too.
Money signs were starting to flash before my eyes as I mentally added up all of the tickets that could be given to me.  I was just starting to get my finances in order and this could certainly set me back.
Hmmm, he said, as if deep in thought.  By the way, happy birthday.  He handed back my expired license and other papers.  Im going to give you a warning, but if I see you driving around with duct tape on your window and a crack in your windshield again I will give you a ticket.  The microwave is not a good place for your tabs.  Go home and put them on the license plate.  Oh, and dont forget this, he said and handed me the post card of the naked man which I had inadvertently handed to him with my other papers.
Sometimes the entire universe tries to tell me things like when its time to get rid of the car to which Ive become emotionally attached, and yet I refuse to listen.  The car was a symbol of my freedom at that point.  It gave me the freedom of reliable transportation and was purchased with my own money without the help of a husband or partner or bank or any constraints of any kind.  It wasnt a thing of beauty but was in so many ways an extension of my new, independent life which I had completely embraced.  Still I dug in my heels and hoped to get a few more miles out of the old girl.  However the universe would speak even more loudly and far more clearly the following day.
It was a very frigid day with frost on the ground and the car had developed an aversion to the cold.  I had taken it to my mechanic a couple of other times for a diagnosis of the problem but it could never be duplicated at the shop.  I wondered if the mechanic thought I was just starved for attention as it always started right up for him, even when it was left overnight to try to duplicate the circumstances under which it had occurred the other times.  He did, however, give me a lesson in the use of starter fluid with the advice to use it sparingly if the engine wouldnt fire up.
The following day, with the tabs on my license plate, Jessie and I got into the car in the garage.  I tried several times to start it up to no avail.  I got out of the car, grabbed the starter fluid, and opened the hood.  I sprayed just a bit into the carburetor, shut the hood, and tried again with the same result.  I had used the starter fluid previously and it had worked great and so I gave it another try.  I opened the hood, sprayed again, and turned the key in the ignition but was not rewarded with the roar of an engine.
I hope you can get it started soon, mom, Jessie said.  I dont want to be late for school.
I know, I said.  Ill just give it another try.
This time I really sprayed the starter fluid for a good length of time and piled it on thick.  The theory was that if a little was good, then a lot would be much better, right?  I left the hood up and returned to the drivers seat.  As I turned the key in the ignition, however, I watched as a flame shot out of the carburetor and then the flames started to grow.  
Get out of the car, I shouted to Jessie.  Get out of the garage and away from the house!  
You need to go too! she said.
Im OK, I reassured her, Im going to put the fire out.  Just go now!  I could hear that she was crying but she did as I had asked.
I got out of the car, took off my winter jacket, and started beating the flames under the hood with the coat.  I could see that the paper air filter had caught on fire and the plastic ring around the top of it melted to my jacket and was thrown out of the engine and onto the garage floor as I beat the flames.  Unfortunately it landed right next to the plastic gas can which had been strategically placed next to my pile of firewood.  I dashed over to the burning sphere, grabbed the dogs water dish, and doused the flames with the cold liquid.
Jessie came back into the garage and looked at the smoking air filter.  She hugged me tight.
I was really scared that youd get hurt, she said.
I told you Id be OK, I said.  I can handle these situations no sweat.  What I didnt tell her was that my knees were shaking so hard that I couldnt actually walk.  I could only stand there and hug her back.
As we stood holding each other I looked over Jessies shoulder and watched as the smoking air filter caught fire again.  I let go of Jessie and kicked it away from the wood pile and gas can and onto the driveway outside.  I stomped out the flames and then soaked it with the garden hose.
My next door neighbor, Ruth, was getting into her car which was parked in the driveway we share.  
Is everything all right? Ruth shouted across the drive.
Actually weve had a bit of a mishap and my cars no longer running.  Could you drop Jessie off at school on your way?
Sure, she said, no problem at all.  Get in Jessie.
Jessie ran back for one final hug.
I love you, she said. 
I love you, too, Jessie, I answered.  Have a great day at school.
As I was heading into the house to call a tow truck I started emptying out the pockets of my jacket I had used to put out the flames.  The jacket smelled like burning rubber and I wondered if the odor would come out in the wash.  Along with some miscellaneous papers and an old pair of gloves I found my reading glasses.  The frames would definitely need some work but the glass was not broken.  
I sat down at the kitchen table to wait for the tow truck and realized the problem would definitely be duplicated at the mechanics shop this time.  That was one bit of good news.  I watched Ruth drive away with Jessie in the car and then I broke down crying, and I continued to cry until the tow truck was long gone with the car the universe had been whispering to me to release.
When Jessie came home after school she said, Wow was that a bad start to the day.
You could look at it as a bad start, I agreed, or you could really look at it like a great start to the day.
How can you even say it was a great start?  Our car caught on fire and almost burned our house down and now we dont even have a car anymore!  How can that possibly be a good start to the day?
Well, I said quite earnestly, Yes, the car did catch on fire, but the house did not burn down or even get a little burned.  Ruth was there to take you to school and so you werent late.  My jacket washed up just fine and I walked my glasses over to the optometrists office and they bent them back into place just as good as new.  Gary loaned me his extra car until we can get a new one and I managed to save enough money during the last year while I was driving the old car for a nice down payment on a new car.  Now thats a truly great start to a day!
Thats some twisted thinking youve got going on in that dark, little mind of yours, Jessie said, but I really cant argue with the logic.  Youre right.  Everything turned out great.
And so Ive learned to listen a little more closely when the universe starts to whisper.  I also tend to stay away from starter fluid now and moved my gas can across the garage from the wood pile, learning life a bit at a time and making the best of each adventure.  It really isnt the situation at hand thats the most important thing; its how we face it. 

****

Chapter 21
Talking to the Boobs

This morning I was perusing the bread aisle at Wal-Mart when I noticed the Wonder Bread man stocking the shelves.  His eyes darted from the shelves, to his cart, and to my nearly Bs.  They then went back to the cart, to the shelves, and finally they rested again on my chest...just long enough to start a conversation. 
I just hate when men talk to my BOOBS!  Why do they do this?  Do they think the boobs will talk back?  Do men think their creepy stare will entice my lovely ladies out of their pleasantly padded nearly B cups and into their hands?  For the love of God, WHY????
Good morning, he says to my silent boobs.
Good morning to you, I say, hoping hell realize where his stare remained.  The glazed look remained and so I turned my back to him and feigned interest in the English Muffins, a bit afraid hed start to drool.  Besides my boobs are shy and they were a bit embarrassed by all the attention.
My name is Ed, he says.  I have a photographic memory.
Great, I think, hell remember the dimensions of my lovely ladies forever and ever, amen.  I can feel his gaze burning a hole through the back of my pink sweater and into the snap on my bra.  Id leave but he has placed himself strategically between myself and the buy one, get one free Honey Oat Multi-Grain bread.  I cannot, no I WILL not, leave without that bread.
Thats fascinating, I say.  That must come in quite handy.
Oh, it surely does, says Ed.  I turn just enough to see his eyes lighting up.  His body language changes suddenly as he realizes hes enraptured me with his intellect and charm.  Hes confident, hes thrilled, and I believe he actually looks taller.
You could tell me your birthday, your social security number, and your drivers license number and I could repeat them ten years from now.  Wanna test me?
Clearly a good idea, Ed, I think.  I really want all of my personal data embedded in your hard drive until it crashes.  Just stack the bread, Ed.
I sure wish I had time for that, Ed, I say grasping the Multi-Grain sale bread, but Im afraid I must get going.  At that very moment he side stepped right into my extended arm knocking the bread to the floor; a move so graceful a ballerina would have envied it.  
It will only take a minute, says Ed, nearly panting from the excitement of engaging me in conversation.  He picks the bread up from the floor and holds it just out of my reach.  
I liken this move to the elementary school bully holding my Flintstones lunch box precariously over my head in the second grade.  There was a banana moon pie in that lunch box or I would have just let him keep it.  I spent the rest of recess jumping and swiping at my lunch box to no avail until the bell finally rang and he launched Fred, Barney, Wilma, Betty, Bam-Bam, Pebbles, Dino, AND my banana moon pie right over my head and into the boys bathroom.  I stared aghast as it slid through the propped open door, across the floor, past the round community sink and stall doors, and hit the furthest wall from the door.
Oh, the dilemma.  I could not possibly walk into the boys bathroom to retrieve the lunch box.  Surely Id be arrested...or even worse, the other girls would find out that Id entered the icky boys zone.  
While I contemplated my precarious position and tried very hard not to start crying, the cutest boy in my class happened by.  Jay Mason.  He was taller than anyone in our class and had the blondest hair and bluest eyes ever placed on this lovely earth.  And when he was anywhere near me, I completely lost the capacity to speak English.  Jello legs would inevitably ensue and I would wobble helplessly away.
Whats the matter? Jay asked.
Mmmmm...mmmy....llllunchb... I replied.
What?
I gave up the idea of engaging in conversation and just pointed to the lunch box which had opened and left my lunch scattered about the floor amid wet shoe prints and pieces of brown paper towels.  
Jay walked into the boys bathroom and picked up the box and all of its contents.  He wiped each piece carefully off on his pants before placing the contents into their Flintstones home and snapped the lid closed.  He handed my lunch to me and I saw his clear, blue eyes more closely than I ever dreamed I would.  In them I saw all of the compassion in humanity gathered in one spot.  Surely Jay Mason was an angel in a second grade boy suit.  I took the box but was completely incapable of putting the two words together that I knew just had to be said.  
Instead of saying thank you I opened the box and handed him my banana moon pie.  He took it from my shaking hand and as he did his fingertips gently touched mine and I was pretty sure I was going to turn into a melting pile of goo right there.
By the time the flashback ends Ed is blocking my buy one get one selection completely and the one loaf I had managed to grab was still waving over my head.
Come on, coaxed Ed.  Just test me.  It wont take long, I promise.
Realizing I was not going to get my bread until I placated him I agreed to play Eds game.
Go ahead, he said excitedly, tell me your social security number.
Im here with a full-on creep alert, Shallow Lucy said.  In case you havent caught on.
He is a little unusual, I admit.
I gave him a series of numbers which did not include my social security number and threw in a fake date of birth to make him happy.
I assumed he repeated them back to me verbatim but really did not know and certainly did not care.  I just wanted my bread.  
Thats right, Ed, I said.  You certainly have a great memory.
Tsk, tsk, Ed said, You havent been completely honest with me.  And frankly Im a bit disappointed in you.
Disappointed?  I asked.  
This is so not worth the buy one, get one deal, Shallow Lucy said.  Lets get outta here!
For once I listened to Shallow Lucy and started backing away from Ed, but I was waylaid by my own damned grocery cart.  I swear it was a conspiracy!
I repeated one number wrong in each of the numbers you gave me and you said I got it right.  Come on, now, dont make it so easy!
I really have to go, Ed.  Id love to stay and chat but I have a...funeral to attend and I really dont want to keep my dead friend waiting.
Your dead friend can wait an eternity, Ed said and had a good laugh at his own joke.
Just stack your bread, Ed, I thought.  
You wouldnt need a date for that funeral, would you? he asked with the brightest of smiles.  I get off work here in a few minutes and Id be happy to come with you.
A date for a funeral? I asked completely dumbfounded.
Im not married, he offered, and everyone needs someone in their time of need.  As a matter of fact my third ex-wife said I was at my best in times of crisis.  She was a truly awful woman but she did have wonderful taste in men.  As a matter of fact we have twin boys together and ...
Ed babbled on and I feigned interest, but my mind took me away for a respite to a place where Shallow Lucy was honing her Dr. Seuss skills.  
Just stack the bread, Ed, Shallow Lucy said in a sing song voice.  And then make the bed, Ed.  Your face looks kinda red, Ed.  Whats that?  Your face is red because you bled, Ed?  Oh, youre really dead, Ed?  You mean youre actually a zombie, Ed?  Pay attention to Ed, Lucy, he asked you a question.
Well? repeated Ed.  Do you want me to go to the funeral with you nor not?
Aw, no, you cant go to the funeral with me, I blurted out.  Only women can attend.  My friend was a lesbian and she just hated men.  She left explicit instructions not allow any men at her funeral.
Lucy, Lucy, Lucy, Shallow Lucy sighed.  Why dont you just tell him hes an annoying jackass and lets be on our way?  
You know I cant do that, I said.  Nope.  It is infinitely ingrained in my being all the way to my soul that I must not be rude to people.  Theres nothing I can do but lie my way out of this.
A lesbian, huh? asked Ed.  Are you a lesbian too?
As a matter of fact I am, Ed.  
Well thats cool because my second wife was a lesbian too and so I know all about your kind.
Good, then you must know my kind does not like to be kept waiting and so I have to be going.
Now that you mention it, my second wife really hated to be kept waiting.  I guess that is true about you people.  All right, he said, Ill let you go if youll give me your phone number.
I cant do that, Ed.
Why not?
I dont have a phone.
Why dont you have a phone?
Im in a secret lesbian society and we dont like contact with the outside world.
Then Ill give you my phone number, Ed said.  He took out an invoice slip and scrawled his name and phone number on it.  He handed me the slip of paper and two loaves of bread.
I really hope youll call, said Ed.  Youre a very easy person to talk to.  I sure enjoyed our conversation.
I enjoyed visiting with you, too, Ed.  Thanks for your number.
Have a good day.
You too, Ed.
If Id had this recipe before I met annoying Ed the bread guy, it could have saved me a whole lot of trouble.  I use the bread machine for this easy loaf of bread that tastes and smells fabulous.

My Lovely Ladies Holiday Cardamom Bread

1 cup milk
1/4 cup butter cut into small pats
1 egg
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon Cardamom
1-1/2 teaspoons dry yeast
4 cups all-purpose flour

Place ingredients in bread machine according to manufacturers instructions.  Check throughout the cycles to be sure the dough does not stick to the sides of the machine.  If it sticks then add flour a bit at a time until it forms a ball that does not stick to the sides. 

****

Chapter 22
Sandbagged by Shallow Lucy

For a couple of weeks now Ive been chatting by e-mail and on the phone with a genuinely charming man named, of all things, Chumly...yes Chumly. 
Chumly and I had set a date to meet at Darbs for a glass of wine.  I was really looking forward to the quiet atmosphere, a nice drink after a long week, and the company of a man whose charm and wit I had truly grown to enjoy during our phone conversations.  I was so excited to meet him.
However as fate would have it, the quiet evening we had planned was waylaid by the rising river here in Eaton Rapids and the need to join my Certified Emergency Response Team (CERT) group in filling up sandbags to keep the town from flooding.  
I was quite disappointed that I would have to call Chumly to cancel our first date...and just two hours before we were to meet.
Hi, Chumly, I said on the phone.  Im really sorry but Im going to have to reschedule our date tonight.
Im sorry to hear that, Chumly said.  Whats up?
The river, I said, quite literally, and its about to flood.  Im a member of the CERT group and we help out the police and fire departments.  Were not called out very often, but when we are I really like to participate.  Weve been asked to help fill sandbags.  Its really important to me.
So youre not just ditching me with a flooding river as an excuse? he said.  I could tell he was smiling when he said it.  Because you know I can take the truth.
Im definitely not ditching you.  I was really looking forward to meeting, I said.  I guess the river has other plans for us.
Could you use an extra hand at the river? Chumly said.
Actually we can use all the hands we can get our hands on, I said.  But I have to tell you that its really dirty, heavy work.  Its not going to be a lot of fun.
I was in the military, Chumly said.  Ive done my share of bagging sand.  I know what Im getting myself into.
Well, then, by all means, wed love to have you help out.  
What a lovely surprise; a man willing to give up his quiet evening and stand in the rain and fill bags with heavy, wet sand.  I have to say that my opinion of the man had grown to the size of the mountains of sand wed soon be bagging up.  And he had volunteered; no coercion had been necessary.  He just stepped up to the plate and had done the right thing.  
Was I dreaming?  I put such a high value on volunteering for community service and this man had not even been asked to help.  However he explained that he wouldnt be able to meet right away as the drive to Eaton Rapids would take about an hour.  Again, this man was willing to drive a full hour to stand knee deep in mud.  Who knew there were even men like this in the world!
I got off the phone and immediately started putting away the half dozen super cute outfits I had tried on and rejected while deciding what to wear to meet Mr. Wonderful for a drink.  I then donned my long underwear, oldest jeans, and gray CERT sweatshirt and headed out the door.
Upon meeting at the police/fire station each volunteer was given a rain coat, heavy-duty rain boots, and a shovel.  I must say I looked less than sexy for the anticipated meeting of my Prince Charming as the raincoats and boots had been provided by the fire department and the smallest size they had was a mens small.  The boots must have weighed 20 pounds and I could have easily pitched the raincoat and called it a tent.
We were transported to the river where there were mountains of sand, currently being soaked by the torrential rain to add a bit of weight to the voluminous overload.
At the river I explained the situation to two of the other women in our group, Janice and Judy.  
This is a first date? Janice said, clearly dumbfounded by the prospect of meeting a man for the first time looking like a drowned rat in an over-sized rain suit and boots.
Youve really never met him? asked her sister, Judy.
Never, I said.  This was his idea.  I offered to meet him later in the week.  Hes such a gentleman and I figured we could use all the help we could get.
After we had filled a few bags a stranger approached the group.  He, too, had a poncho on with the hood up.  He immediately set to work filling bags.  I assumed he was waiting for me to approach him as we were all unrecognizable with our hoods up.
Chumly? I said to the man several yards away through the pouring rain.
Janice and Judy watched with interest.
There was no response from Prince Charming.  
Chumly! I repeated, considerably louder this time.
He didnt even turn his head.  
Does it look like him? Janice asked.
I cant tell, I said.
How tall is he supposed to be? asked Judy.
About as tall as he is, I said, nodding in the strangers direction.
We watched him fill a couple of bags of sand and I wondered if he realized he was of such great interest to this small gaggle of women.
Go and introduce yourself, suggested Judy.
I slicked back my soaked hair, hitched up my firemans boots to several inches above my knees, and wiped away the mascara running down my cheeks.  I approached the man and when he noticed me he removed his hood so he could hear me clearly.
Oh, my God, I thought.  He turned toward me and his face was lighted by the spotlights the fire department had brought in.  He truly is the man of my dreams.  
This man was drop dead gorgeous.  He had eyes the shade of an emerald, a bit of stubble, and the face of Zeus himself.
Excuse me, I said.  Are you Chumly?
No, maam, he said, Im Lucas.
Upon closer inspection I realized he was in his late 20s or early 30s.  And he had just called me maam like I was an elder.  Oh, I guess I was. 
Thanks for your help, I said.
Any time.
I sulked back to Janice and Judy and we filled more bags with sand.
Hey, Lucy, Janice said.  A truck just pulled up.  Maybe its him.
We all three gawked at the newest unknown volunteer.  He stepped out of his truck and into the work lights. 
Is it him? Janice asked.
No, its not him, I answered.  I think its Walter, my ex-husband, although I dont know why hes driving a truck.  The last I knew he had a van.
Is Walter coming to help with the sand bagging? asked Judy.
Not that I know of, I said.  Ill go ask why hes here.
I covered the short distance between us and was just about to ask Walter what brought him out on a night like this when the owner of the truck spoke and I realized it was, indeed, not my ex-husband at all; this Walter-look alike was Chumly.  The resemblance, though, was phenomenal.  
Hi, he said with the most charming smile imaginable.
Hang on! shouted Shallow Lucy over the pouring rain. This is gonna be a really interesting night!
Are you Lucy? 
When he extended his hand to shake mine, I realized that his hand looked exactly like Walters.  It sported the same rounded fingers and I would have bet my life it was exactly the same size as Walters hand.
Well, this is a little weird, Shallow Lucy said.  How could you miss this?
Chumly didnt have a picture with his profile, I said.
How many times have I told you to NEVER meet a guy who wont post a picture on his profile?  If theres no picture, then a guy has something to hide.  Did you learn nothing from Toothless Stanley? Shallow Lucy asked.  
Toothless Stanly had a picture on his profile, I argued.
Yes, one that didnt show his gleaming gums, Shallow Lucy pointed out.
Youre so shallow, I said.  Looks are not everything; its whats inside that matters the most.
Well see, Shallow Lucy said.
I had quite literally been left speechless for a moment. 
Chumly? I asked, still not believing this was not my ex-husband.
Im so glad to finally meet you, he said.  Where do we start?  
Wwww, we, ththth there.  I managed to spit out as I pointed to the check-in point.
His eyes are the same, exact color as Walters eyes, said Shallow Lucy, the complete awe obvious in her voice.  His eyebrows are the identical shape and color.  The slight bend in the bridge of his nose to the left is exactly like Walters nose.  Dont even pretend you could have another date with this man.  This is just creepy.
I can overlook a few similarities, I said.
No, you cant.
Yes, I can.  Now go away.
I wondered if Walter could be playing an elaborate joke on me.  Did he change his voice?  This mans gestures and body language were certainly those of my ex-husband. His beard, his mustache.  His skin tone.  His build, his height.  I realized my mouth was hanging open.
Close your mouth, Shallow Lucy said.  Its filling up with water.
Are you OK? he asked.  You look a little shaken up.
Shsh shaken up? I said.  No, Im fine.  Thanks for coming.  I realized I was shaking my head and staring at this man so intently if my eyes had been a drill theyd have poked a hole right through his face.
Just then Janice and Judy approached us.  
Hi, said Judy, extending her hand to Chumly.
Janice, Judy, I said, this is Chumly.
Hello, Chumly, said Janice.  You know, you look really familiar.
I dont think weve met, said Chumly, but its nice to meet you.
I directed Chumly to the check-in point and waited while he signed in.
Why do you suppose he looks so familiar? Janice asked.
Because he looks exactly like Walter, I said.  This is really, really bad.
Who cares if he looks like your ex? said Janice.  He seems like a great guy.  Hes obviously gone incredibly far out of his way to help us out.  How many men do you know that would opt in for this kind of a first date and spend the entire evening up to their necks in mud?
I know, I said, shaking my head. I couldnt agree more.  He seems amazing.  I just cant get over the resemblance.  Like maybe hes Walters nicer twin.  Or someone cloned Walter just to taunt me.  Or Im hallucinating.  Or hes an elaborate hologram.  Or its a bad dream where Prince Charming rides in on his white horse, takes off his helmet, and its really Walter!  And then I spend the rest of the dream screaming until I wake myself up.
Do you want to know what I think? asked Judy.
Probably not, I answered.
I think you should just get over yourself and appreciate the man for who and what he is.
Shes right, said Janice.  This could be your Mr. Right even though he looks all wrong.  Give him a chance.
You are absolutely right, I agreed.  

Did you hear that, Shallow Lucy?  From here on out, keep your opinions to yourself about Chumly.
Whatever you say, dear. Shallow Lucy answered.
Chumly joined us then and we headed back to the sand mountains.  For the next four hours we filled dozens of bags of sand while the rain poured down on us relentlessly.  Chumly and I chatted over the din of the storm and I have to say that conversation was not at all awkward the way it can be on a first date.  It was as if I had known him all my life.  
He mentioned that he volunteered at his sons school every week.  He worked with the volunteer fire department in his community.  He had a strong commitment to family, church, and friends.  These are all traits I have been looking for in a manand yet. 
And yet what? Shallow Lucy piped in, a bit too smugly.
All of these wonderful traitsBADLY DRESSED IN A WALTER SUIT!  I shouted.  Are you happy now?
Not really, she said.  You sound a bit like me.
When we finished bagging sand we headed over to Darbs for a glass of wine and to split a pizza.  Our pleasant conversation continued there and my admiration for him grew even more.
Unfortunately so did my resolve not to see him again because I just could not separate his face from that of my ex-husband.  And ultimately Shallow Lucy scored another victory.
After a cold, rainy night I find a warm bowl of spicy taco soup will ease the pain of shallow self realization.

Lucys Spicy Taco Soup

1-1/2 pounds hamburger
1 large onion
2 tablespoons minced garlic
1 package taco seasoning
1 12-ounce bag of frozen corn
1 16-ounce can kidney beans
1 14-ounce can diced tomatoes
1 14-ounce can tomato sauce 
1/3 cup chopped canned jalapeno peppers 
Water to cover the above ingredients
1 cup sharp cheddar cheese

In a soup pot, brown hamburger, onion, and garlic.  Drain.  Add taco seasoning, corn, kidney beans, diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, and Jalapeno peppers.  Cover and simmer on low for 30 minutes.  Serve warm topped with shredded sharp cheddar cheese. 

****

Chapter 23
Becoming the Crazy Cat Lady

I cannot believe what an emotional buffoon Ive become when thinking about Jessie going to college next year.  This would be so different than when my son, Josh, moved out as he moved just a few minutes from home. 
So many of the common things weve been doing during Jessies senior year in high school have brought me to tears.  So much for the tough facade Ive been able to maintain up until now.  For instance at Halloween I started to cry when I was placing the gummy eyeballs in the chocolate zombie cake knowing that would be the last time Id ever be doing that for Jessie.  Picture more tears while I was scraping out a hole in the green cream cheese sculpted Frankensteins head to place raspberry jam brains in so that Jessie and her friends could scoop the cheesy face and raspberry goo brains out together in one delicious bite on a cracker.
I truly dont want to make Jessie feel guilty about leaving me home to become, as she predicts, the crazy cat lady.  The time has come for her to begin the next leg of her lifes journey which will slowly take her away from me...as is the perfectly natural course of her life...and of mine.  Its the way it was meant to be.  Ive strived so hard to teach her to be independent, make her own decisions, and solve her own problems.  Shes become a lovely, kind, self sufficient, and compassionate young woman and I couldnt be more proud of her. 
We have so much in common and have such a strong bond; even our senses of humor are in sync.  For my birthday this year she placed a pin on the lapel of my winter coat, unbeknownst to me, that said, My soul was removed to make room for all of this sarcasm.  On Sunday morning I kept wondering why I was getting strange looks from the blue haired church ladies.
I was a bit taken aback when my pastor took me to the side and quietly asked if we had something we needed to discuss as he tapped on the pin.  He wanted to know if I thought it was quite appropriate to wear that kind of thing to church.  I told him that it was a cry for help.  Clearly he doesnt share our love of sarcasm as he signed me up for spiritual counseling sessions every Tuesday morning at 8 oclock.  God, Im going to miss Jessie when she leaves for college.
Shes trying so hard to understand the things Im going through just as Im trying to understand the transition shes making.  Ive talked about writing a book for years and she just instinctively knew that this would be a great time for me to start this project.  For my birthday she gave me a journal along with a book entitled How to Write the Novel of Your Dreams, with the sage advice to get a life and quit lamenting the day shell leave for school.  Along with that poignant advice she wrote in the first page of my journal the following.
This notebook is for all those times when a brilliant idea hits you and it threatens to be forgotten like running with an overflowing cup!  So make sure you fill this up before your cup overflows.  Love, Jessie.  
P.S.  I thought Id start you out so turn the page.

Mom:

Youve never let me down, youve never missed a beat.
Youre the biggest part of all my life, even with your tiny feet. 
Youve given me confidence, humor and pride.
Youve left me speechless and taught me to write.
I count on you like you count on me, a shoulder to lean on, a hand to hold.
Youve shown me how to be vibrant and bold.
Youre truly the most incredible woman Ive ever met.
And for loving me, teaching me, holding me, laughing with me, and supporting me,
Im ever in your debt.

Happy birthday.  I love you.

Jessie.

P.S. Get inspired.  I know the book will rock!

Thus started my journey to let go of my daughter.
Weve started the search for the perfect college and at every tour I have to hold back my tears while we explore the campus.  Ive turned into one of those blubbering boobs that I swore Id never become.
One school offered a special one-hour class for parents regarding financial aid.  I watched as a dozen or more parents made their way into the room.  I noticed one woman in particular who looked a bit sad and I wondered if I exuded the same melancholy persona.
Great shoes, I said as she walked by.
Thank you, she said, and she seemed to forget her sadness for a few moments.  They were on sale at Kohls this week.  I love a good shoe sale.
I made it through the first 25 minutes of the financial aid seminar before I excused myself and made my way to the ladies room to have another good cry about Jessie leaving me.
As I sat on the toilet reading someones profound poetic description of their bowel movement I started bawling uncontrollably wondering if Jessie would one day be inspired on this very seat as she aspires to become a writer.  I pictured her, with pen in hand, elaborating on the unfinished poem, Here I sit all broken hearted, and wept even harder.
As I heard the bathroom door open I stifled my sobs and sat quietly waiting for the intruder to finish her business and leave me to continue wallowing in self pity.  In looking under the stalls, however, I recognized the shoes as the ones on which I had commented in the financial aid class.  I listened closely and recognized a kindred spirit in this woman two stalls down, wearing a really great pair of heels which she had found on sale at Kohls.  She, too, was crying quietly.
I knew at once that this woman understood my need for the solitude.  I sought to escape the reality of the details that would further Jessies independence from me.  Id be left to my own devices wondering what Im to do now that my most worthwhile job will be officially done the day I drop her off at college.
The woman in the stall two doors down stopped crying and I wondered if she was waiting for me to leave her alone too.  And then we both quit trying to pretend we werent blubbering and sobbed simultaneously.
After a time I realized that she had quit crying and had started giggling quietly and I followed suit.  Although I was still not quite ready to admit that I was not here for the official business one normally conducts in this setting, and so I flushed the toilet to make it look like I had indeed completed the transaction expected to take place.  Two doors down my kindred spirits toilet echoed mine.
We both opened the stall doors, dabbing our reddened eyes and moved to the sink.  We both started laughing when we saw one another with our tissues in hand, trying to pretend we were not crying.
Getting ready to send someone off to college? she asked.
Yes, I said, my daughter.  You too?
My son, she said.  Weve been so close for so long.  I think she wanted to say more but tears were welling in her eyes again.
So have Jessie and I, I said.  I dont know what Ill do with myself when she goes away.  
The tears were running without regard to her will to hold them back now which opened the doors to my own floodgates.  
Youll still be there for each other; just in different ways. Youll keep yourself busy, she said.  Youll have no choice.  And youll lie to her every time she calls and tell her that youre doing great.  And after a while it wont be a lie anymore.  I know about this, she assured me.  Ive sent my oldest two kids off already.  This time its my baby that will be leaving.  She hugged me then.
We both turned to the mirrors, got fresh tissues from our purses, and dabbed our wet cheeks.  We put our happy mom faces back on and returned to the tour to find our kids, breaking hearts masked again so we could encourage them to make this monumental move toward their own lives.
I met up with Jessie a ways down the hall.  She looked flush with excitement as she described the part of the tour I had missed.
Back in the car and she turned to me suddenly.
What am I going to do without you here? she asked, her eyes welling up with tears.
Ill still be here for you, I assured her, just in different ways.  Youll do great where ever you end up, I said knowing absolutely this was true.
But what will you do without me at home with you? she asked, the tears really streaming now.
Well, youre the one whos been telling me to get a life and thats exactly what Im planning to do.  Ive got my job and LeAnnie and Kim and Joye.  Ive got kayaking, the CERT group, and the paddle club.  And you know Ive always wanted to write a book and nows the perfect time to start a project like that.
Besides, Im actually looking forward to some quiet in the house and to living in a home that stays clean!  And there wont be 30 pairs of shoes lying around every room.  And no one will be there to steal my chocolates...or to eat my leftovers from Carrabbas...or...
All right, all right! she said.  I get it.  But I know youll miss me.
Yes, Ill miss you, I agreed.  But my life will be good in so many other ways.
Yeah, mine too, she conceded.  By the way you have a really long piece of toilet paper stuck on your heel.
I reached down and removed the long piece of tissue from my shoe.  
I wonder how long this has been there, I mused.
Since we first got here and you used the bathroom in the admissions hall.
So you let me walk around for two hours with this thing streaming behind me?
Yup.
God, Im going to miss her when she moves away. 

****

Chapter 24
Communion Concerto

God, I love going to a small town church.  On Easter morning I sat in the pew next to an 80-something-year-old woman whom I had never met.  She turned to me, smiled wide, and said, My, but it must be a special day; just look at all of the people here!
Oh, dear, I thought as I realized she smelled vaguely familiar, someone saved up her pension money and bought a medical marijuana card.
A nice Easter prayer began the service followed by announcements.  One parishioner stood up proudly wearing a straw hat carefully adorned with silk flowers, plastic robins eggs, and biodegradable Easter basket grass.  
I just want to let everyone know, she said, that I left a box in the entryway full of hats Ive decorated like this one for all to enjoy on this special day.
Light applause filled the room as she sat down, obviously quite abashed by the extra attention this brought her way.  She seemed a bit sad when there was no mad dash to the hat box lurking in the back of the church.
Hymns began with Christ is Risen!  Hallelujah! which was sung with such incredible zeal by the woman standing directly behind me in an operatic voice that I wondered about the safety of the stained glass windows...and my own hearing.
And then came my absolute favorite part of every Easter service at our little church.  All of the kids were invited up to the front of the church to show off their lovely holiday attire.  The little girls curtsied and giggled and one little boy made a hanging gesture with his tie.  
Prayer requests brought the usual small town appeals of folks in need of work, good weather this growing season, and relief for the people in the south who had endured one of the worst tornado seasons in the history of our country.  They prayed for our politicians, that they may make better choices and, keep us real people in mind when going about their political business.  They asked for healing for their neighbors cancer, guidance for a physician who would be performing surgery this week on one of our own, and safe travel for the college students who had returned home for spring break.
Prayer praises included the beautiful weather they had thought would never come back to Michigan, employment obtained for the father of three who had been out of work for longer than a year, and the family of souls that had been saved that week right here at this very church.  They praised God for getting our pastor through another year, another knee replacement, two more cardiac stent surgeries, and the cancer scare.
Communion began with Jesus Lives and so Shall I playing softly on the piano.  Shortly into the song, with the rest of the church quiet, the 80-something next to me broke into her own concerto as she sang along.  Her adorable husband started singing with the second chorus and I wondered if he had a marijuana card of his own.  Now thats the kind of support Im looking for in the man I share the rest of my life with.
I left thanking God for this lovely place to which I could come and laugh and observe and find peace.  My soul was truly happy again, as is the case so many Sundays when I leave my little church. 

****

Chapter 25
Green Fog Zone

His face was shadowed in the picture on his singles profile.  He just hadnt had good lighting, I decided.  Besides, I had made up my mind that looks were not important as Rex had so many of the qualities I was looking for in a man.
He had intrigued me from the first phone call.  He was mellow and kind.  He cared for his aging father and lived with him full time in order to do so.
It was a beautiful, sunny day full of hope for a potential new relationship with this kind man with whom I had begun a relationship on the phone several weeks previous.  Wed stayed up late into the night many times so fascinated with delving into one anothers lives, past, present, and future.  I felt I knew him better than some friends Id had for years.
He had never been married and had no children, although this had not been a conscious decision, he assured me.  By the age of 47 he had not yet met the woman of his dreams.  He knew she was out there, though, and hed never give up hope of finding her.  Could I be the one to capture this mans heart?
When we met at the Dairy Queen, however, I had doubts immediately.  I recognized the look in his eyes from my high school days as the kid in my neighbors basement who had been sitting the longest in the fog created by the bong.  The one who had listened to the Cheech & Chong album so many times he could ad lib the entire thing word for word.  He knew when the record would skip and could even imitate the words that would be repeated until someone would pick up the arm and move it over a bit allowing the needle to settle into an unmarred groove once again.
I ordered a small caramel sundae and he ordered two double cheeseburgers, fries, a large grape Slurpee, and a banana split with extra whipped cream. 
I was quite taken aback when I saw the left side of his face.  On it there were two huge boils which seemed almost to be pulsating.  As he talked the fluid-filled sacs became the center of my focus.  Try as I might Shallow Lucy could not pull her gaze from them.  He was talking and eating and the boils took on a life of their own.  I could no longer even hear what he was saying.  I watched, fascinated, as they moved each time he took a bite of food.  The wider he opened his mouth the bigger they seemed to grow.
He began to talk about his garden and the flowers he had planted this summer.  I forced my attention back to the conversation and successfully feigned interest again...until he took a huge drink of the grape Slurpee.  When he sucked in his cheeks to sip on the straw the lesions seemed to morph into two separate, tiny personalities.  And when he complained of a brain freeze they practically danced in retaliation.
Again I had missed most of the conversation which I realized when he pried me out of my own thoughts.
Do you do any gardening? he was asking.
Gardening? I asked.
Yeah, gardening, he said...right after he had taken an enormous bite of his burger which he chased with four French fries in the same mouthful.
No, I said, I really dont have much of a green thumb.  
How could I be so incredibly bored only ten minutes into the conversation, I wondered?  Was he really this bad?  What happened to the spiritual depth I had recognized in our late-night talks on the phone?  
He continued talking but I was completely lost again, fixated on those two hideous boils.  As he chewed they seemed to be arguing amongst themselves.  They were having tiny fist fights and I decided they needed names.  Ninja One and Ninja Two would be perfect, and so the names would stand until the conversation picked up and moved to a deeper level.  Perhaps when he finished with his significant lunch he would be more like the guy I thought I knew so well.
Ninja One and Ninja Two were most definitely trouble makers, I decided as Rex droned on endlessly about his Bonsai garden which clearly fascinated him to no end.
Ill bet while he sleeps the boils get up and move things around his fathers house.  My imagination was obviously getting out of control and I knew I needed to focus on the conversation...even if it wasnt exactly a subject near to my heart.  That would be the polite thing to do, right?  Since when, however, has my imagination cooperated?
Your gardens must be lovely, I said doing my best to stifle a yawn.
He stuffed the last of his second burger in his mouth and Ninja One and Ninja Two went completely nuts.  There was no stopping those two little freaks.  They whipped out little swords and began to fence.
Touche! Ninja One cried triumphantly as Ninja Two actually began to weep.  And, no, I dont mean he was crying.  I mean the boil had actually opened and began to ooze!  EWWWWW!  This was just plain nasty.
I wanted to offer him my napkin to stop the leak but did not want to appear rude or let on that I noticed he had a slow leak in his face.  
I guess the shows over, I thought.  I mean, how entertaining can one boil be?
But THE most interesting thing in my garden in my dads back yard, he was saying, are the plants hidden in the far corner.
Really? I said, What kind of plants are those?  I was just about to look at my watch to see how long Id been suffering here when his answer completely captured my attention.
He looked to his right and then to his left.
Ganja, he said.
Ganja? I repeated.  Why would he tell me this?  Did this man have no common sense whatsoever? 
Yup, he said, some of the best around.  Ive been growing it back there since I was a teenager.  I actually got kicked out of my Catholic high school because EVERYONE knew I was selling it but they couldnt actually catch me, and so they just kicked me out.  
A badge of honor is what he was describing.  Hed pulled one over on the institution and remained victorious in selling pot nearly three decades later from his fathers home.  Hed never married, never had children, never committed to anything but the sacred weeds in his dads backyard.  
But at least he had captured my attention which was a good thing with the sudden death of Ninja Two and the real entertainment gone.
Do you still sell it, then?  I asked.  
Only to a couple of dozen really close friends, he said earnestly.  You just cant be too careful these days.
Indeed, I agreed.
I also keep a small patch of very special mushrooms in a shed in the backyard.  Thats my own personal stash, though, I dont sell those.  I do share them with VERY close friends occasionally, though...wink, wink.  When he gave the exaggerated wink Ninja One broke open and started to leak.  Another sad ending of the life of a fine soldier boil.
Now, let me make it perfectly clear that it says right on my singles profile that you should NOT contact me if you do drugs!  Id have to guess that this guy was just too busy rolling joints to keep scrolling the page down to that important snippet of information. Or maybe he read my profile after smoking a particularly potent batch of what hed harvested from the far corner of his dads backyard.
Im flattered that youd consider including me in your special stash, I said, but I dont really partake in that kind of thing.
You know what they say, he offered, dont knock it until youve tried it.  Cause its awesome but youll never know until you step out of your tiny box and really experience all life has to offer on an entirely different plane, he said enthusiastically spreading his arms.
I like my tiny box, I said quietly, and frankly Im rather fond of the plane of reality on which I exist.  I know that might seem boring to you, but Im really quite comfortable living as I do in my mundane little corner of the world.
But what if I could promise you THE most incredible experience of your life?  How could you pass that up?  Wouldnt you wonder for the rest of your life what it really would have been like?
I realized I had become a challenge to this man.  He wanted to pull me out of my law-abiding, child-rearing, black and white world and into the green fog in which he had existed for the last 30 years. 
Was I back in junior high again?  Id forgotten what peer pressure felt like.  I forgot what it was like to be the only nerd at a party choosing not to smoke weed or drink until I puked.  I thought Id left those unpleasant memories behind for the next group of teenagers.  Well, I guess I was wrong...it apparently does not always stop after graduation.  And I really didnt like the way it felt any more now than I did then.  And, quite frankly, this guy was really starting to piss me off!
I stood up then.  I would NOT pretend I had come down with the stomach flu this time and leave the party with my tail between my legs like I had done in high school.
In case you did not understand what I said through that green fog in your head, I said, my voice rising proudly to the occasion, let me clarify.  I am not interested in indulging in the mind-altering substances you grow in your dads shed or anywhere else!  Dont you dare try to make me feel less than adequate because you cant imagine your life without frying your own damned brain just to make it through another day!  I rather like the brain cells I have and do not choose to snort them away for a temporary break from reality!
Dude, he said in a hushed voice, looking again to the left and right, Chill before the popo joins the party.  And besides everyone knows you dont snort shrooms.
I wish they would join the party, I hissed.  It would be a hell of a lot more interesting than listening to you drone on relentlessly about your stagnating life!
I turned and walked away feeling quite liberated.
Dude, he repeated to my back, youd better not rat me out!  I could track you down like that!
I looked back and saw him trying to snap his fingers and becoming hopelessly engrossed in the process. 
Why wont they make that snappy noise? he was saying to himself.  I know Ive done it before!
I honestly dont know how I misjudged this guy so drastically from our phone calls.  But I must admit that it was really quite liberating getting that off my chest.  
These spicy, sausage-stuffed mushrooms will go over even better than the shrooms Rex grows in his dads garden.


Better than Rexs Stuffed Shrooms

24 medium mushrooms
1 small onion
2 tablespoons butter, melted
1/4 pound bulk pork sausage
1/2 cup salsa 
1/2 cup dry bread crumbs
1/2 cup shredded pepper jack cheese

1.  Preheat the oven to 425. 
2.  Clean and remove the stems from the mushrooms.  Chop enough stems to make one cup.  Brush the mushroom caps with the butter and place top-side down in a shallow baking pan.
3.  Cook the sausage, onion, and chopped mushroom stems in a skillet over medium-high heat until the sausage is browned, stirring often to break up the meat. Drain.
4.  Add 1/2 cup salsa and the bread crumbs to the skillet and mix lightly.  Spoon about 1 heaping tablespoon sausage mixture into each mushroom cap.  
5. Bake for 10 minutes or until the mushrooms are hot.  Top each with shredded pepper jack cheese and heat until the cheese melts. 

****

Chapter 26
Bitch Slapped by Age

Ive truly embraced my age.  I mean along with my years has come wisdom and patience, acceptance and the ability to forgive so much more easily than I could in my younger years.  But MUST I be reminded of how old I really am?  And, wow, what reminders I had tonight.  Ouch!
How I let Joye, Kim, and LeAnnie convince me that dancing at Joes Gizzard City...home of chicken innards and so much more...was a good idea I could NOT tell you.  Trust me it was not the epiphany of the year.  Although I must say the band was awfully good and the dance floor was not bad at all.
Of course I was wearing my best pink stilettos and favorite jeans and had just enough cleavage showing to let it be known that I would LOVE to dance.  I was actually feeling pretty damned good about myself and my life in general...until...and thats a HUGE until...the adorable, bouncy little waitress approached me and pointed to a man at the bar.
Do you see the man at the end of the bar? she asked.
I glanced as nonchalantly as I could force myself.  Being the eternal optimist I, of course, hoped for tall, dark, and handsome, but being the realist expected mediocrity.
And what a far above average surprise was waiting for me!  The man to whom the lovely young woman referred looked like he was getting ready to mount a bull and count to eight!  His jeans were just right tight and his cowboy boots looked like hed wrestled an alligator for them.  He had a shadow of a beard that looked just rough enough to mean he wasnt too tame...my favorite!
Yes, I see him, I said, trying not to seem too interested.
Well, thats my dad, she said, and hed like to buy you a drink.
Her dad?  When had I become old enough to attract the interest of the FATHER of a waitress?  Tell me it isnt so!  But alas, it was.  I felt SO deflated even my pink stilettos couldnt boost my ego.
However before I could say anything more I was approached by another rather handsome gentleman who looked a bit my senior but in a kind of debonair way.
Would you care to dance? he asked. 
Clearly this was just what my imploded ego required and I jumped at the chance.  This gentleman was so light on his feet and just the GREATEST dancer.  We danced to several more songs and I felt like I could go all night.
When the band took a break I headed for the powder room.  My dance partner headed for the bar and as I passed by his buddies they motioned to me.
Hey, you and Harvey looked great out there, one of his friends said.
Well, thank you, I said, Hes an awesome dancer.
Just do me a favor, said his friend.
Whats that? I inquired.
Go easy on him.  Maybe see if you can talk him into sitting out a few songs.
Oh, I said, is he not feeling well?  I hope hes not sick.
No, hes not sick, his friend assured me.  He had a hip replacement a couple of months ago and he just doesnt know when to stop.
I retreated to the ladies room where I contemplated the direction the evening was taking, and when I came out I skirted Harveys table and headed back to the girls.  I certainly did not want to be held responsible for Harvey needing to return to rehab for that new prosthetic joint of his.
Just as I was about to sit down the waitress dad approached and I took his hand and let myself be led out to the dance floor again.  One of my all time favorite slow songs was playing...Lady in Red.  He put his hands on my waist and bent down ever so slightly and held me close.
In just seconds I was COMPLETELY lost in the feeling of this mans, well...manliness.  His slightly unshaven face rubbed gently on mine and he sang along with the song ever so quietly in my ear.  We swayed gently to and fro until the song ended and I turned to go back to my table.
The cowboy, however, wouldnt hear of it.  He took my hand again and turned me back toward him as another slow song began to play.  He pulled me closer than we were before and gently kissed me.  Not a sexy, passionate, all consuming kiss, but one that might suggest that we follow our time shared on the dance floor with something more intimate had we not been total strangers who had shared this very brief time together.
Oh, my, are you happy to see me or is there a flashlight in your pocket? I joked in my best Marilyn Monroe voice.
He reached his hand into his jeans pocket then and removed his inhaler which he explained he had been using since his recent bout with pneumonia following his pacemaker placement.
Oh, dear God, said Shallow Lucy.  Are you kidding me?
I returned to the table with the ladies where we toasted one another, our age, our wisdom, and our patience.  
Did I say earlier that Ive embraced my age?  Embraced, my ass!  I swear tomorrow Im going to make an appointment for Botox injections!
When the real thing eludes me, I turn to the next best thing.

Orgasmic Pie

12 ounces frozen raspberries, thawed and divided
1 8-ounce package semi-sweet chocolate chips
1/3 cup butter
1 8-ounce package cream cheese
1/3 cup sugar
1 12-ounce tub Cool Whip whipped topping, thawed and divided
1 6-ounce chocolate Oreo Cookie pie crust
1 6-ounce basket of fresh raspberries

1.  Stir chocolate chips with butter over low heat until melted; cool.
2.  Drain and reserve the juice of the raspberries.
3.  Beat cream cheese, raspberry juice, and sugar until smooth; add melted chocolate.  Fold in 3-1/2 cups of whipped topping and 1/2 cup of the thawed raspberries.
4. Spoon half of the chocolate mixture into the crust and cover with remaining thawed raspberries.  Spoon the other half of the chocolate mixture over the raspberries.  Garnish with remaining topped whipping and fresh raspberries. 

****

Chapter 27
Internet Dating From a Mans Perspective

I met a guy tonight who has a history of accumulated dating stories that rival my own.
John is a very handsome man with a great sense of humor a few years my senior who has been divorced for ten years.  He admitted that since his divorce he had not dated anyone for longer than two months. This automatically eliminated him from my own personal dating pool as I am looking for a long-term relationship.  However I did have an absolute blast listening to his truly fascinating stories about some of the women hes met during this prolonged courtship phase of his life.
Melinda was an interesting woman, John said.  When she met me for a drink her most outstanding feature was her obviously well endowed breasts which she touted most proudly having covered up just enough to elicit memories of Janet Jackson at a half-time show.  As she sat down she lifted their considerable heft and placed them on the table before me.
That must have made quite an impression, I said.
It most certainly did, John said.  They actually took up a large portion of the small table and I wondered where shed place her drink when it was delivered.
Thats amazing, I said.
The first thing she said to me was, These babies cost $6,000 a piece.  What do you think of the girls?
So, let me get this straight, I said.  This is the first time youve met this woman and thats how she opened the conversation?
Exactly.
How could you possibly respond to something like that?  
I told her that she certainly got her moneys worth and admired their beauty.
Were they really beautiful?
Actually they just looked grossly huge.  But its like when a woman asks if her pants make her ass look big.  No matter what the answer really is you always respond something kind and pleasant.  You would never say something like, No, dear, those tight, green polyester pants are bulging at the seams and are not doing a very good job of keeping in your abundance of blubber.  You know, you have to be nice about these things.
Ah, so you are trainable, I said.
Indeed, like the proverbial monkey, he said.
Well at least she got that part of the conversation over with early.  How did the rest of the evening go?  Did you hit it off in spite of those rather large elephants in the room?
The rest of the evening continued in that vein.  She proceeded to tell me that one of them no longer had any feeling and she had named it Sleepy.  She actually stroked it gently while we talked about it.
I have to say thats a little creepy, I said.
I agree.  She went into quite a lengthy description then of the surgery, her payment plan, how they would change her life, and how real they felt.  I could not steer the conversation away from her latest acquisitions no matter how I tried.
So you didnt have a chance to talk about anything else?
Not a single other thing.
How long did you listen?
Nearly an hour.  And then I just couldnt stand it any longer.  When I finished my beer I told her I had something I had to get back to, paid the tab, and stood to leave.  However at that point she said that she had her van in the parking lot.  She told me that if I promised not to touch them she would take off her shirt and bra for me.
And did you take her up on her offer? I asked absolutely fascinated that people could actually behave in this way.
I declined her unique offer as I told her that if she took off her shirt and bra I would have to touch them and so wed better not go there.  I think I hurt her feelings because she left in a bit of a snit.
Unbelievable, I said.
Thats what I thought, John agreed.
So that was the worst first date youve had? I asked.
He thought for a minute and then said, No, actually, it was not the worst.
I cant imagine a date much worse than that, I said.
When I met Greta, John said, her most prominent feature was her beautiful, soulful but very sad blue eyes.  And if I had to describe her personality in one word it would be Eyeore, the donkey in Winnie the Pooh. 
After a while I finally commented that she seemed to be a bit down and she said that she had recently been hospitalized for depression.  I asked how recently and she said that actually she was on leave that night and was due back at the hospital the following morning.  She went on to explain that she was receiving inpatient treatment but that it was actually all a mistake.
What kind of mistake? I said truly in awe that something like that had actually happened.
She said that she had, indeed, taken the bottle of pills for which she had been admitted the previous week but that she hadnt really meant to end her life.  She said that she had called 911 before she actually took the pills knowing that they would show up and save her.  She seemed a bit befuddled as to the reasons they kept her in the hospital when she hadnt really meant to commit suicide.  She said that when she explained what had really happened she assumed they would just let her go home and continue on with her life.
I asked her if she thought it was a good idea to be there meeting me that night so soon after the incident, and she said that what her doctors didnt know wouldnt hurt them.
I knew I wouldnt see John again as his definition of a long-term relationship is two months, but I truly enjoyed hearing the stories he shared about his dating life.
On my way home I thought about what an enigma Greta was.  A woman so desperate that she would attempt suicide and yet willing to meet a total stranger in the midst of this crisis in the hopes of having someone with whom to share a future.  I said a prayer for her and a prayer of thanks that my life hadnt veered off in a direction like that.  Life is just so fragile. 

****

Chapter 28
I Solemnly Vow

Ive been reminiscing about my life and I have to say Ive learned a lot.
Ive had some great adventures...and some equally great misadventures.  Ive met some wonderful people full of promise and have made promises to some wonderful people.  Ive taken the time to reflect on this enigma I call my life.  Ive analyzed it and dissected it.  Ive looked for the meaning of life and found that one road after another led to happiness; often in ways that took me completely by surprise.
Ive said many prayers that were answered exactly as I believed they would be.  Ive said many prayers that I believed were not answered at all, until I traveled further down a road and saw the magnificent result that occurred when I finally gave up the struggle and left my life to Gods better judgment.
Ive watched my children grow, turn into adults, leave home, and achieve successes that have made me proud to have been a part of their lives.  Ive leaned on them and they have leaned on me.  Together we have experienced the richness of love, the heartbreak of loss, and the sweet thrill of accomplishment.
Ive been blessed with friends with whom Ive shared all of the joys and challenges that come along with this paradox we call life.  Weve shared vacations and meals and Woodchuck Martinis.  Together weve brainstormed business ideas and claimed victory over others in our lives who cared less for compassion and more for their own personal advancement.  Weve laughed until we cried, sometimes until martinis shot right out of our noses.  Weve loved each other unconditionally, cried for each other, prayed for each other, and tried to help each other see alternative paths on which to travel our life journeys.  We offered each other helping hands, kind words, and compassionate advice.
Together weve watched each others children take their first steps, conquer potty training, graduate from kindergarten, elementary school, junior high, and high school.  Weve watched them make mistakes, choose their own life pathways, and begin lives separate from our own.  We cried for each other when we were left with empty nests and then laughed when we figured out how many advantages there were with the kids gone; like running through the house naked just because we feel like it.
Ive contemplated with particular interest my pursuit of Mr. Right and my knack for finding Mr. Wrong.  With the advent of internet dating, man shopping has opened so many doors; some of which possibly should never have been opened and some of which have enriched my life because they were.
I have had some crazy first dates and disappointing last dates, fallen in love at the drop of a hat, and found my own inner strength when leaving relationships that were no longer healthy.
I have cried over love lost, celebrated new love, and found hope after every failed attempt at a relationship that the next one would be better.  I have not become bitter in spite of the uphill climb in my search for love and remain ever sure that, although sometimes elusive, true love is still possible.
The most important thing Ive learned in my search for true love is that no matter how many men come and go in my life, my true friends will always be there for me; to comfort me after the loss of each relationship and cheer me on in my search for new love.
To celebrate this new decade which begins today, I have therefore decided to take a one-year hiatus from dating.  I will focus more on my family, career, volunteering, kayaking, and especially my friends.  I will do the things I love with those for whom I care the most.  I will no longer be distracted by the relentless pursuit of the proverbial perfect mate; a slave to man shopping on the internet.  This I solemnly vow. 

****

Chapter 29
On Second Thought...

I know I solemnly vowed last week to take a break from dating for a full year, but I met the most fascinating man while kayaking on the river today...


****

Together Lucy and her alter ego, Shallow Lucy, navigate lifes dating minefields.  They battle for control of Lucys love life through dates with Toothless Stanley, the Son of Sasquatch, and Russel Crowes evil twin.  Lucy learns more than shes prepared to hear on first dates at times like the gentleman who came home to find his ex-wife with a sheep, a pot-bellied pig and a man wearing nothing but pink leather chaps and a fuchsia boa.  
Lucy leans on her best friends LeAnnie, Joye, and Kim.  Together they dish up just desserts to a cheating husband, brainstorm and carry out a woodchuck rescue mission, and rid Lucys house of bats and a rat named Joe.  When a crisis arises they bring with them an abundance of comfort food, wisdom, sage advice and martinis.  A few of their favorite comfort food recipes are included for the reader to enjoy as well.
About the author:  Tammy was born and raised in Albuquerque, New Mexico.  She has lived in California and Washington.  She currently lives in Michigan which she has been proud to call home for more than a decade.  To Tammy every day in Eaton Rapids is another day in Paradise.

Visit Tammy at http://www.WoodchuckMartinis.com for more information.

Contact Tammy at WoodchuckMartinis @yahoo.com to share your crazy dating stories and to order hard copies of Woodchuck Martinis.

