

Copyright  2013 Kimi Flores
Second edition, 2014
Third edition, 2015

Photography by
Dawn Malone Photography

Cover Design by
Cover to Cover Designs

Reediting by
Megan Hand at Story Girl Editing

Critiquing by
Tbird London



All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the author or publisher.

This book is a work of fiction. Any references to historical events, real people, or real locales are used fictitiously. Other names, characters, places, or incidents are a product of the authors imagination. Any resemblance to the actual events, locales, and persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owner.


This book is dedicated to my loving husband, Orlando
& the best sons a mother could ever ask for, Jacob & Shane.
You guys are my happily ever after.




Prologue
Chapter One  Butterfly Kisses 
Chapter Two  Things Can Only Get Better 
Chapter Three - California Style 
Chapter Four  When did I sign up for this?
Chapter Five  The apple doesnt fall far from the tree 
Chapter Six  Fancy Seeing you Here 
Chapter Seven  He winked & my heart stopped 
Chapter Eight  Besame Mucho 
Chapter Nine  Tutus & Tushies 
Chapter Ten  Planting Seeds of Love 
Chapter Eleven  If Everybody had an Ocean 
Chapter Twelve  Panty Emergency 
Chapter Thirteen  I Love L.A.
Chapter Fourteen  Soul Baring 
Chapter Fifteen  The cats out of the bag 
Chapter Sixteen  Whats a holiday without some drama?
Chapter Seventeen  Neener Neener 
Chapter Eighteen  Merry Christmas, Abby 
Chapter Nineteen  Forgiveness is a gift you give to yourself 
Chapter Twenty  Mission Accepted 
Chapter Twenty-One  Sunset Dreams 
Chapter Twenty-Two  Bewitched
Chapter Twenty-Three  Daddy, you said ass 
Chapter Twenty-Four - Our Space
Chapter Twenty-Five - Ever-Present Cuteness
Chapter Twenty-Six - You & Me Against the World
BONUS Chapter - Read to me, Abby 
Sneak Peek of An Exceptional Twist
Other books by Kimi Flores
Acknowledgements
About Kimi
Playlist




No, please, he choked out. I cant do this without you.
His chest was tight, agony strangling his heart with greedy hands. Caleb shook his head as tears fell from swollen eyes that had witnessed his wife, Rene, go through so much hell these past few years. 
Closing his tired lids, he tilted his head back and softly pleaded, Please dont take her. The corner of his lips trembled when he sucked in a shaky breath. Desperation clawed its way into his core, controlling his every thought and emotion.  
The life hed created with Rene, was crashing down, shredding his soul into pieces, like glass shards from a shattering window, and he couldnt do anything to stop it. The smell of sickness and death lingered in the air, assaulting his nostrils and lungs. This scent would be ingrained in his memories forever.
Caleb felt his cousins, Stefen and Bri, along with Renes parents standing in the background of the brightly lit hospital room, dreading the moment she would take her final breath.
 Im so tired, Caleb. Her chest rose as she labored to take shallow, raspy breaths. Im ready.
His gaze fell upon her sunken eyes that were encased with dark circles. 
Lying in the hospital bed shed spent entirely too much time in, Rene let out another painful moan. I know you are going to take care of our baby girl. She gave an exhausted cough.
All shed ever wanted was to be a wife and mother. He could barely breathe at the cruel reality of her not being around to enjoy raising their daughter. 
Tormented, he gave her a pained stare. I cant let you go. With quivering fingers, he leaned over to stroke her pale, bony cheek. Youre my everything.  He continued to stare into her glossy eyes as sorrow ripped through his heart.
A trembling hand touched his shoulder, attempting to provide comfort. Caleb didnt need to look up to know it was his mother-in-law, Grace. Everyone in the confined space of the hospital room had said goodbye to Rene several hours ago. Now that the doctors had confirmed her end was so close, he wished more than anything that they would all leave. He couldnt ask anyone to do that though. His cousins and in-laws had endure the stress of watching her slowly fade away and were hurting, just as he was.
Theyd sat in this room, staring at her for what seemed like forever when he sensed the light dimming in her once brilliant blue eyes as her life was slowly draining from her. Placing his hand on the side of her head, he ran his fingers through the few thin auburn strands she had left after all of the chemotherapy. Theyd lost so much of their luster since shed become sick. Her beautiful hair was what had caught his attention when he first laid eyes on her back in college.  
His heart sunk further as he pulled his hand away, fisting the few stands that had remained tangled between his fingers.  She didnt need to see them.  
With a weak smile, she whispered so softly it was difficult to hear, I love you. Make sure Madison knows how much I love her, too. Her forced breaths were coming few and far between, and she winced with the effort it simply took to breathe. With those last words, her hand went limp and her eyes closed as she fell into a morphine-induced slumber. A nurse stayed close, administering the pain medication as needed to ensure Renes comfort.
Caleb bent down, gently pressing his trembling lips to hers. I love you too. I always will. With that kiss, her final breath escaped out of her mouth. The piercing hum of the heart monitor confirmed what he couldnt bear to acceptshe was gone.
He no longer felt or saw anyone else in the room. Only his wife. His now, deceased wife.
No, no, no! Come back to me, please! His bitter, violent sobs echoed throughout the room as he gripped her frail, unresponsive body.



Rene danced across the warm, candle-lit room wearing his favorite cream-colored dress. Snug on top and flowing from the waist down. The silk that covered her tantalized and called out to him. Long, auburn hair cascaded over her shoulder, enticing him to touch her one last time.
Caleb approached his beautiful bride and took her into his arms before dipping her slender body backward. Seeking the warm comfort of her lips, he covered her mouth with his own, only to feel cold, rigid skin. Jerking away, he looked at her face and found lifeless eyes staring back. 
Anguish overtook him, penetrating his heart as he fell to his knees with her encased in his arms.
Nooooo!

Caleb bolted up in bed, his lungs seeking relief with the morning air. After all these years, the gut-wrenching stench of death still lingered in them. His eyes darted around the room, desperate to focus on his surroundings. Just enough light filtered through the heavy drapery to show him that he was in his bedroom.  Alone. 
He fell back against the sweat covered sheets while throwing his arm over his closed eyes.   Oh man. It was just a nightmare. 
The impact of the actual event haunted his dreams countless nights. His wife was dead, and he was here, caring for their daughter, all by himself. Is it ever going to get easier? 
They say time heals all wounds, but with the heartache hed experienced in the last four years, Caleb wasnt so sure. Although he was in a much better place, the gaping dark hole in his heart still left him empty and lonely.
Even now, he couldnt bring himself to lay across their entire bed. 
He turned to face what used to be her side and ran his hand over the cold, empty sheet. Taking another deep breath, Caleb looked up at the ceiling and raked his fingers through his thick, dark hair then rubbed his palms over his eyes, trying to press back the sting of tears.  
Frustrated that he still struggled to push past the pain, he forced himself to switch his focus.  Today was a new day, a special one. His beautiful daughter, Madison, was starting kindergarten and shed been giddy about it all summer.
So keep it together. For her. 
Doing his best to shake the disturbing dream, he got out of bed and stretched his back, then grabbed a shirt and pulled it over his head. He needed to take a shower, but that could wait until after breakfast.
The wood floors were a little chilly against his bare feet as he padded down the hallway, into his daughters room. Standing in the doorway, he gazed at the small wooden chair in the corner of her pink room. On the chair sat Madisons first day of school outfit that she had picked out last week. Each piece was perfectly laid out, as if on displaytiny jean capris and a light pink top with daisies embroidered on the sleeves. Shed also placed her matching pink Mary Jane shoes under the chair. 
Caleb smiled to himself, feeling that same sting against the back of his eyes. Rene wouldve loved thisBut he couldnt dwell. Not today. 
Quietly clearing his throat, he pushed that thought far from his mind and tiptoed to the twin-sized bed. He sat down on the fluffy comforter and brushed strands of her ash brown hair away from her face.
His heart filled with so much love whenever he laid eyes on his baby girl.  She was a perfect combination of both him and Rene.  Her long eyelashes fanned out above her chubby cheeks where he leaned over to place gentle butterfly kisses. He knew how much she loved when he did that, so it was no surprise to him when he heard her giggle. 
You faker, you were awake the whole time. He tickled her ribs.
Yes, Daddy, but I dont want you to be sad. You didnt give me my butterfly kiss yet, so I stayed here til you did. A silly smile appeared on her lips as her large, round brown eyes looked up at him, melting his heart as usual  
She was growing up so fast.  It seemed like just yesterday he was walking in this same room to pick her up from her crib.  He had to wonder what would be left for him when she was old enough to leave and start her own life.
Taking a moment to let it sink in, he threw back her covers. Cmon. Lets get ready for your special day, my big kindergartener. 
He stood and turned around so she could climb onto his broad back, like she did every morning. From the bed, she leaped and landed, her nightgown scrunched up around her knees. 
She wrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck, while making her first request of the day. Can I have chocolate chip pancakes for breakfast?
Of course you can. With the ever-present pain in his chest, he carried her down the stairs, thinking, anything for my sweet girl. His life revolved around taking care of her, and he planned to fulfill every reasonable wish she would make.



Abby Sullivan stretched in her bed and turned off the Maroon 5 song that played on her cell phone alarm. Using the back of her hands, she rubbed her blue eyes and grinned. 
Today was one of her favorite days of the yearthe first day of school. 
Sitting up, she stepped onto the cold morning floor and slipped into her fluffy slippers. She ran a hand through her haphazard morning hair as she shuffled to the bathroom to shower. Stepping under the water, she breathed a sigh of relief, feeling fortunate to be able to get ready for this day at all. 
Shed survived the budget cuts. Thank God. 
Many teachersfriends of hershad received those dreadful pink slips just before summer break. Charter schools were all the rage in California and, although she was initially skeptical about working for a school that was part of a new fad, she couldnt be more grateful now for her decision to accept a job at one. Her growing school was thriving now, with students. And they were hiring teachers, rather than laying them off.
Toweled and dried, Abby grabbed the outfit shed set out the night before. Given that August in Santa Barbara was still a warm month, shed chosen a dusty rose, cotton button-down tunic and black leggings. It was comfy yet modest, what every teacher should wear. 
She made her way to the refrigerator and grabbed the breakfast and lunch shed prepared the night before.
One more glance in the mirror in her entryway, and she slipped into a pair of ballet flats, snatching her purse, keys, and cell phone before heading out of her bungalow. As she locked the door, a local tomcat bounced up to her, rubbing his fur all over her leggings. Shoot. Now she had hair all over her. 
She tried, unsuccessfully, to brush most it off as she made her way down the brick path toward her driveway. The sky was blue, her flowers were in bloom. The day couldnt get any prettier. She took a deep breath, loving the fragrance of the white evening primrose and lavender planted in her flower beds. 
Getting in and starting up her car, she headed to her favorite coffee shop. Not the one that sold the fancy coffees for four bucks a cup. She preferred her cup O joe from the local convenience store. They didnt mind when she poured just as much vanilla creamer in her cup as she did coffee. Abby was a simple girl and didnt need frou-frou coffee.
Once her filled travel mug was in hand, and she was back on the road, she took a sip hoping she didnt hit the train that ran through town. It was her lucky day and she passed right over without delay. 
Claiming her spot in the staff parking lot, she walked into the school, feeling butterflies in her stomach. With quick steps, she headed straight to the teachers lounge, retrieving a couple of papers from her mailbox. A few other teachers were hanging around, talking about their summer vacations, but she couldnt wait to get to the classroom. Shed spent all last week decorating it.
As she sat down at her desk to eat her breakfast, she started to reflect. Had it really only been three years since she started working here? It felt as though she was created to do this. Growing up with a single mom, who also taught, shouldve clued her in that it wasnt the most lucrative career choice, but she was passionate about teaching kids. Like most teachers, she didnt do it to receive a whopping paycheck.
After memorizing all of her students names over the last couple weeks, Abby was eager to match faces to them. Noting the time, she tossed her banana peel and plastic yogurt container into the trash, took hold of the kids nametags, then headed to the gate to greet her new students and their families. 
She recognized some of the parents and other family members from the community she fondly grew up in, including her mothers friends, Grace and Robert Westbrook. They both wore cheerful smiles as she made eye contact. Abbys mother had told her about the loss of their only daughter several years ago, and as she watched them, Abby felt her throat tighten. A little girl bounced next to them. She knew this precious face since shed seen Grace and Roberts granddaughter a few times at her moms house. 
The couple walked hand-in-hand around the mass of teary-eyed families that were having a hard time letting their little ones start kindergarten. When they reached her, Grace grabbed Abby for a quick hug and introduced her to the angelic child.
Hi, Miss Abby. This is our granddaughter, Madison. Shell have the honor of being in your class this year, Grace proudly proclaimed, smiling ear to ear.
Abby squatted down, balancing herself on the balls of her feet so that she was at Madisons eye level and took her hand in greeting. Its very nice to meet you, Madison. The honor is mine. I cant wait to learn all about you. She slipped the name tag over Madisons head.
The happy little girl handed Abby a flower and offered a big toothy grin. Nice to meet you too, Miss Abby. 
Abby smiled, thinking about how it had taken her a little time to get used to the growing trend of younger students calling teachers by their first names. When her mother taught, teachers were always addressed by their last names, out of respect.
Madison looked up and motioned to someone standing by her side. This is my daddy. He likes to play in the ocean, watch hockey, and give butterfly kisses.
Abby blinked. Daddy?  She gazed up to see a handsome, tall man standing next to Madison. Losing her balance, Abby fell flat on her rear. 
This daddy, who liked to give butterfly kisses, leaned down to offer her help. Are you okay? He didnt hide the concern on his face. 
Oh my gosh!  How embarrassing.
The most gorgeous man shed ever laid eyes on was standing right above her. In addition to his looks, something about his presence immediately drew her in. His prominent brows shadowed his eyes from the sunlight, making it difficult to determine the color of his deep-set eyes. It took her a moment to realize that she was still sitting on the asphalt, ogling this little girls daddy. Madison let out a giggle.
Self-conscious, Abby stood up on wobbly legs, dusting off her thinly covered behind. Yeah. Just clumsy. The laugh she offered was unmistakably forced. She looked directly at his grey shirt that displayed a hockey teams logo, then raked her eyes back up to his face.
With a chuckle, he extended his large hand, and she shook it. The skin on his hand was smooth and non-callused. This man did not do manual labor. Its very nice to meet you, Miss Abby. Im Caleb. 
She turned several shades of red after hearing his deep voice. He was probably used to women staring at him though. How could he not be?
Flustered, she managed to mumble, Its nice to meet you as well. Feeling heat travel up her neck and face, Abby turned to give out nametags while greeting other kids and their parents, successfully avoiding his gaze.
Unable to help herself, Abby shyly glanced back at Caleb every so often. She caught his eye once, and she swiftly turned away, only to feel a whole new dread filling her. The Zuckerman twins, Blaine and Tiffany, were headed her way. Their youngest brother, Peter, had been her boyfriend in high school. 
Oh no
Her heart nervously pounded as she searched the crowd to see if Peter was there too. As unsettling as it was, she wasnt surprised to see them at all. When Abby had received her class roster, she spotted their last name and hoped against hope that it wasnt a child of one of the Zuckermans that shed known all too well so long ago. But it looked like missing the train was the only luck she would have today. 
After surveying the crowd, she established Peter was nowhere to be found. Abby breathed a sigh of relief before making eye contact with Blaine. He lifted the corner of his mouth, then looked down at the blonde boy beside him.
Blaine was as handsome as ever, with his surfer-styled, sandy blond hair and beaming blue eyes. He was a couple years older than Abby and had been the captain of their high school Lacrosse team. Back then, every girl wanted him, and he had a reputation of not being overly picky. Rumor was that he made sure to spread his love around. Blaine always seemed to accept her and Peters relationship, but his twin sister and their parents turned their noses up at Abby. They didnt think she was good enough for their precious Peter. Little did they know what a jerk he turned out to be. 
Scrunching her eyebrows, she wondered why both Blaine and Tiffany were there to drop off one child. But as long as the younger Zuckerman brother was absent, she honestly couldnt care less.
Abby caught Calebs eye one more time. He gave her a look of worry, which mustve meant her emotions were showing on her face. 
Time to shake it off. Life goes on. 
Taking a deep breath, she put on a smile and announced that the families could come into the classroom for a brief orientation and Q&A time, while the kids were being supervised on the playground. The Zuckerman boy, Justin, ducked out to the playground as Blaine and Tiffany headed back toward the parking lot. Abby wasnt disappointed in the least that she wouldnt get the stare down from them while answering questions in front of all the other parents. Now that his relatives were no longer hovering over him, she would give Justin his nametag when they came in from playing.
Abbys co-teacher, Melissa, got her attention on the way into the classroom and asked about her interaction with that drop dead gorgeous dad.
Abby blushed again. I have no idea what youre talking about. She mentally shook her head. What is wrong with me today?



The bell rang, alerting everyone that the first day of school had come to an end. After making sure all the kids grabbed their backpacks, sweaters, and lunch boxes out of their cubbies, Abby walked them out to the gate, where excited parents waited to greet them. She was relieved that Justin Zuckerman waited for his ride in the valet line so she wouldnt have to see his mom or dad. Abby still didnt know if Justin was Tiffany or Blaines son.
Unable to help herself, she scanned the crowd for Caleb but was a little disappointed when she found him. He only had eyes for his little girl. Madison ran out of the gate, into his waiting arms. Giving her an enormous smile, kiss, and hug, he carried her on his hip to the parking lot. Abby had to bite back a sigh. He was so swoon-worthy. Who wouldnt enjoy seeing a gorgeous man carry his child so lovingly?
After dismissing everyone, Abby spotted her best friend, Leah, standing by a small brick planter. Holding a large bouquet of flowers, she strolled toward Abby. Congratulations on another successful first day of school, my friend. Leah handed her the large bundle and leaned in for a hug and cheek kiss.
Thank you, my dear, but you dont know if it was a success or not. Abby pursed her lips.
Leah glanced around as a grin appeared on her tanned face. You dont have any stragglers, and I didnt hear any parents yell at you, so I assume it was a good day.  
Smiling back, Abby had to agree that she did indeed have a fantastic day, despite seeing her past flash in front of her.
What do you say about Antonios for dinner tonight, to celebrate? Leah rubbed her palms together before intertwining her fingers into a pleading gesture.
I say we go there too often to call it a celebration dinner. Abby brought her shoulder to her chin, smiling again. But yes, I would love to go.
Good.  Im starving already. Ill pick you up at five-thirty after I finish making my deliveries. Leahs dark long hair bounced against her shoulders as she waved and strutted quickly toward her white delivery van parked in front of the school.
Sounds good to me, Abby called out. Ill catch you later. Oh, and thanks for this. She pointed to the beautiful arrangement. You outdid yourself, as usual. 
She was so proud of Leah and the success of her flower shop. She could remember sitting in their dorm room at Berkley. Leah was a business major, and shed glowingly talk about the flower shop she would own someday. Abby had been such an emotional mess at the time that it took her an additional two years to figure out what career path she wanted to take. She envied her best friend for always knowing what she wanted and not letting anything stand in her way.



As usual, Leah showed up at Abbys house a few minutes late. Shed always joked with Abby, saying that it was a Hispanic tradition to show up late.  Abby saw through her half Salvadorian, half Mexican best friends faade though and knew it was an excuse.  It didnt bother her.  Most of the time.
After grabbing her things, Abby ran out the door and jumped into the waiting minivan that doubled as Leahs work delivery van.
You know, you arent going to find a hot guy driving around in this soccer mom mobile, right? Abby loved to tease her.
Well, until I make enough money to buy a car that matches the hot guy you think Im going to snag, my delivery van will have to do. Leah smiled sarcastically before scrunching up her nose.  Abby loved how close theyd become over the years and always looked forward to their daily banter.
They pulled up to Antonios a few minutes later. Abby had always felt this restaurant was full of charm as they passed the short, wrought iron fence that surrounded several tables on the outdoor patio. Inside, this place was a familiar scene, since they ate here a couple times a week. The interior lighting had the slightest tint of red to it, bathing the room in a warm glow and creating an intimate atmosphere. White linen tablecloths adorned the wooden tables, and the bar on the left side of the restaurant had an old world charm to it. The aroma of Italian food floated through the air, tickling their senses.
Abby wondered how different this place would feel if she ever came with a date but so far, that hadnt happened.  And there werent any potential suitors anyway.
Her eyes scanned the room while the hostess sat them in their usual section toward the back. They loved this area because it gave them a large people-watching perimeter.
After placing their drink and usual food orders, Abby noticed a couple that also frequented Antonios. Not people that would put a smile on her face. Of all the crappy luck, look who else is here tonight. She motioned over to the older pair sitting even farther back in the room.
Your beef isnt with them, my friend, Leah pointed out, knowing exactly who they were.
I know, but its still uncomfortable. Their grandson is in my class this year. I saw the Blaine and Tiffany today at drop off. It was awful. I dont think Peter ever told his family why we broke up. One moment we were inseparable, even eating dinner at each others houses every night, and then we were no longer together. She sighed, placing her elbow on the table and her jaw in the palm of her hand.
Right on cue, as if they knew she was talking about them, Mrs. Zuckerman gazed over, giving her a knowing look and a not so sympathetic smile.
Or maybe he did, corrected her best friend. 
Abby was so frustrated she almost suggested they leave, until she got a whiff of garlic buttered rolls. She wasnt going anywhere until she had a few of those.
I just dont understand how relationships work, Abby huffed as she drew imaginary circles on the table. How can you go from being with someone every day, for over a year, leaning in closer to Leah, she whispered, be intimate with them, and then not speak at all? He literally turned his back on me when I needed him the most.
Abby, you guys were kids, and hes attempted to make amends with you. Youre just too stubborn to listen. 
Although Abby appreciated Leahs no nonsense, keep it real attitude most of the time, she wasnt in the mood for it right now. Hes only trying to do that so he doesnt feel guilty anymore. But Ill never forget what Ive done.
Leahs eyes glossed over as she grabbed onto Abbys hand. She knew it bothered Abby when they talked about this. Its not your fault you lost the baby, Abby. You had no control. You have to figure out how to get past this, or youll never find happiness. It kills me to see you so hurt. 
Why do you put up with me? Abby asked with a somber, defeated expression.
Because I love you, and you make the most amazing lasagna Ive ever tasted. And there it wasthe tension breaking line that Abby needed.
She gave Leah a small smile. Can we talk about something else? This is supposed to be a celebratory dinner.
Once their food came, the two friends put all thoughts of Abbys high school sweetheart, Peter, his family, and the past aside, while they enjoyed each others company and shared the delicious pasta served in warm pewter dishes.
Abby was completely exhausted by the time she arrived home. She flicked on the lights and headed to her bedroom. Pulling her pink and green quilt back, regret filled her mind. She shouldve been the bigger person and gone over to the Zuckermans table. After all, it wasnt their fault that their son was a total idiot. Then again, theyd never really been particularly pleasant to her either. 
Oh well. 
That window of opportunity had passed and it couldnt be changed now. Abby put on her pajamas and pulled her long auburn hair into a ponytail. It was time to get some sleep so shed be up to whatever challenges tomorrow brought.



After dropping Madison off at school, Caleb headed out to his favorite place to clear his mind. Hed fallen behind schedule on his latest novel because his thoughts kept drifting to a certain hazel-eyed, auburn-headed kindergarten teacher. No other woman had stolen his attention since hed first met Rene and the overwhelming feeling of disloyalty to her memory was eating him alive.  As if the guilt alone wasnt enough, now his publishers were riding his ass.  It was time to shake these thoughts away and get back to business.
Pulling into the parking space, he leaned against the steering wheel and looked through his windshield, out at the majestic sea, feeling free. All of the stress left his body and his chest filled with excitement. 
Getting out of his car, he unloaded his gear and squeezed into the skintight wetsuit. Anticipation built up as he pictured himself hitting the waves. It had been a couple of weeks since Madison started kindergarten, and he had his mornings to himself. He was so thankful to have his in-laws available in case he was out in the water and there was an emergency with Madison.  There wasnt a day that went by that he didnt recognize how lucky he was to have them.  Being a single parent was difficult enough on its own, he couldnt imagine not having them around.
After waxing his board, he headed to the white foamy waterfront. Standing at the shoreline, board in hand, Caleb gazed out into the horizon, wiggling his toes in the wet sand. The oceans spray sprinkled his face with drops of salt water. It was cold, as usual, but something about that sticky saltwater hitting his face made him feel so free and rejuvenated. 
A therapeutic sense of calm washed over him as he breathed in the sea air. Be still and listen. Take it all in, he whispered to himself. 
Hed been here many times during the summer, of course, but that was Madisons time. Bringing her out on his board was the highlight of his summer. He loved watching her bright eyes open wide when the dolphins joined in on the fun and she tried to communicate with them. He snickered, remembering how cute she sounded making those silly squeaking and clicking noises, then interpreting what the dolphins were telling her. His heart became full just thinking about her and what an incredible blessing she was in his life.
There was a time when he believed that he wouldnt be able to raise her on his own. If it hadnt been for Grace and Robert, his in-laws, he wouldnt have survived these past few years with his sanity intact. They were such a strong part of his and Madisons lives that he couldnt imagine what it would be like without them. 
The pain they experienced was different from his, but just as intense. It was extremely difficult even trying to get out of bed during his dark period, and their faith had helped him and Madison to go on with their lives. Caleb had admired them for that. He still had times of mourning, but once hed accepted Renes death, his days were getting a little easier. Now his life was focused on their daughter, the proof of the love he once shared with his wife. He couldnt believe it had already been four years since Rene died.
Focusing on his surroundings, Caleb swam out just past the breaking point, feeling at ease. He was in his element out on the ocean. Although, there would be better waves later in the fall, he certainly couldnt complain about todays surf. There were a few other guys out on their boards, but nobody that he knew. 
Thoughtfully, he replayed something hed heard a famous surfer once say: One of the biggest lessons you learn about surfing is how to operate in the present. Thats really what the foundation of the entire surfing experience is. 
He added his own whispered words, And the foundation of life.
After a couple of hours in the water, something clicked, and Caleb had that missing piece needed to keep his story going. Grabbing his surfboard, he headed to his SUV, strapping it to the roof. Discreetly removing the wetsuit, he threw on some board shorts, then opened the hatch on the back, picked-up his laptop, and sat in the open trunk, typing away. 
He continued to breathe in the comforting, salty air and was glad hed already arranged for Grace to pick Madison up from school because he was on a roll and wasnt going to stop anytime soon. Through experience, he knew this was how he worked best and was thankful hed thought to pack a lunch.



Their first field trip was coming up next week, and Abby was still trying to tighten up the parent chaperone list. She knew she could ask her room-mom to help, but she preferred to handle it herself.  And yes, she was aware of the fact that she was a bit of a control freak when it came to her kids.
Shed sent home the permission slips earlier in the week, which included a space to write if the parents wanted to chaperone, but shed only received one back so far. From the Zuckerman boy, of course. Abby was relieved when Grace told her at pick-up that shed be happy to help. And once Grace mentioned it, several other parents chimed in, offering to help as well.
Thank you Grace, Abby thought as she entered her classroom to wrap everything up for the day and start her weekend.



It was after six p.m. when Caleb realized hed been on his laptop for the past seven hours. The computers battery nearly died on him, and he just hoped the adapter hed plugged in hadnt drained his cars battery. He was starving and couldnt wait to go pick up his little girl. 
After packing everything into his SUV, he called Grace. Hi, Mom. Im just leaving the beach.
Okay, son, bring your appetite. I made something special that I saw on the Cooking Channel today.
Will do, he said with a warm smile. 
He loved how adventurous Grace was with her cooking. Unfortunately, Rene hadnt taken after her mother. Caleb learned to cook early on in their marriage, once hed grown tired of eating spaghetti, the only thing she could make. Grace, on the other hand, would see a recipe on TV or in a magazine, and had a gift of knowing if it would taste delicious or not. He started his car, eager to get to their home and eat what shed prepared for him.
After parking on the bricked driveway, he headed inside. It was unlocked, as usual. No matter how many times he lectured them about how dangerous it was to leave their door unlocked, Grace and Robert insisted they lived in a safe neighborhood and didnt need to lock their neighbors out. He stopped arguing a long time ago but always locked their door on his way out.
He loved this home and the memories he had here.  They sure beat the hell out of the ones he had while growing up with his dysfunctional family in Chicago.
The smell of delicious food welcomed him as his sweet girl ran into his arms. They exchanged butterfly kisses, and she announced, Daddy, Grammy made some super yummy food for dinner. Come and eat. Her cheeks lifted as her smile grew.
He walked them into the dining room where a plate waited for him, along with embraces from his in-laws. Wow, that smells incredible, Mom. What is it?
She grinned. Its Chicken Picata, cut into bite-sized pieces, tossed in angel hair pasta. I also tossed a baby spinach salad together for you, with your favorites: cranberries, walnuts, gorgonzola cheese, and raspberry dressing. I already poured some berry mineral water for you, unless you want something else to drink. 
Looking around the room suspiciously, then at Robert, Caleb asked, Whats the occasion?
Robert turned toward Grace, raising his eyebrows. 
She brushed him off. No occasion. Cant a mother take care of her favorite son?
Sure, but I kinda feel like Im being buttered up for something. Still wondering what the deal was, but too hungry to care at this point, Caleb pulled his chair back and took a seat.
Nonsense. Enjoy your dinner, she insisted. 
The rest of the family joined him at the round dining table.
Madison played with her bangs and shared the happenings of her day. Daddy, a boy in my class named Justin wasnt very nice to me today.
Oh, yeah? What did he do? Caleb took a second bite of delicious wine, butter, and caper smothered chicken. His taste buds were on overload. This meal was to die for.
He pulled my pony tail, said I smelled like pineapple, and then he ran away. Why are boys so mean sometimes?
Trying not to laugh about the pineapple insult, he explained, Well, honey, sometimes when little boys like little girls, they dont know how to act. Hell learn as he gets older. He continued to eat, practically slurping the pasta.
Thats what Miss Abby said, but I think hes just a stinker. I dont care if my friend Casey says hes yumtastic.
Caleb choked on some spinach when he heard his little girl repeat the name her friend had called their classmate. He gasped for air, grabbing his drink, then gulped down the mineral water. Coughing a few more times in between words, he ignored the warm feeling that covered him at the mention of her teachers name and inquired, Um, pumpkin, what does that word mean?
I dont know. She shrugged her tiny shoulders. But Casey said thats what her sister calls cute boys. I dont think Justin is a cute boy. Hes gross and picks his nose all the time. Ewww.
His in-laws snickered, and he tried every way possible not to join in. Rolling his eyes, he said, Gotta love the older sibling influence.
He noticed Grace eyeing her husband. Robert cleared his throat nervously. 
Great, here it was. This was what he was being prepared for. 
So Caleb, what do you have going on next Thursday?
He cautiously replied, Nothing special, just working on my book. Why? Do you have a better offer?
I thought it would be nice if you hung out for a while with this old man. Robert pointed at himself. 
Caleb leaned his forearms against the edge of the table and thought it wasnt a bad offer.  He and Robert hadnt spent much man time together lately. 
Sure, what did you have in mind? He took his last bite of the fabulous dinner and wiped his mouth with what he just realized was a cloth napkin. Was that part of it? Grace certainly didnt need to bring these out just to get him to spend a day with his father-in-law.
Golfing, of course! Robert said enthusiastically. I just got a new club that I wanted to try out. What do you say? 
And there it washe hated golf and couldnt swing a club to save his life. Once hed accidentally let go mid-swing and, although it didnt actually hit anyone or anything important, Caleb hoped Robert would never invite him to go again.
Looking from Graces hopeful eyes back to Roberts almost terrified look, Caleb hesitantly agreed, If thats what you really want to do, then sure.
He got up and started to clear the table when Grace told him to leave everything. 
Are we still on for the barbecue tomorrow? Caleb asked, hoping plans hadnt changed. 
When hed first moved to Santa Barbara, hed thought it was funny what Californians considered a barbecue. To him, it meant ribs slathered in sauce, pork with beans, grilled corn, and various kinds of mayonnaise-based salads. To Californians, it essentially meant grilling hamburgers, hot dogs and, sometimes, other kinds of meat. Hed been transformed into one of them now, because he loved a good Cali barbecue.
Absolutely, Grace confirmed. We also invited the Baldwins.
Whos that? the always curious Madison asked.
Theyre Miss Abbys parents, she explained and there went Caleb erratic heartbeat.  Was she coming tomorrow too?
But thats not Miss Abbys last name. Her name is Sullyvin, she lisped ever so slightly, mispronouncing her name.
Grace snickered. Youre right, honey. Mr. Baldwin is Miss Abbys step-dad, so now her mommy has his last name.
Is Miss Abbys daddy in heaven with my mommy? Her inquisitive eyes searched for the answer, breaking Calebs heart in the process.
Uh, no. He lives far away with his other family. Grace looked at a loss for words. 
Caleb didnt know what to add to this awkward conversation. There wasnt a child friendly way to explain what he assumed was a divorce situation. 
Sadly, Madison understood death, but by the look on her face, she didnt get what they were talking about. Well, that makes no senses. Is Miss Abby coming tomorrow? 
Thank goodness for childrens short attention spans. Theyd avoided explaining this today, but Caleb knew there would come a time when he would have to tell her about divorce, and all the devastation it brought to a family. And now his thought were back to his daughters breathtakingly beautiful teacher.
Crap.
Oh, I hadnt thought to invite her. Grace tried extremely hard to cover her smile, but Caleb could see right through her. She was hiding something. She looked at him, placing her index finger vertically on the side of her mouth and hooked her chin on the crook of her hand. Would you like me to invite her? Was she asking Caleb or Madison this question?
Madison bounced out of her chair and jumped up and down, clapping. Yes, I love Miss Abby. I want to see her tomorrow too.
Grace gave Madison a dramatically large grin. Okay, Ill tell her mommy to invite her then. Then Graces eyes darted to Caleb.
Yay! Madison busted out into a little dance that consisted of her swinging her hips and waving her arms in the air. Where she got this stuff from, Caleb had no idea.
They started toward the front door when he felt Grace tugging him to the side hallway. Would you like us to keep Madison tonight so you could go out and have some fun?
No. He shook his head. You know I dont go out on Friday nights. Theres no place for me, except home with my daughter.
Grace tilted her head. Its time, son. You need to start opening yourself up to the possibility of finding someone else to love. 
With his head facing down, Caleb shook his head no again. 
Grace held him by the shoulders. Look at me, sweetie. 
Reluctantly, he did, to find her poignantly staring at him. He hated that look. There was no reason for anyone to feel sorry for him.
You know how much we love you, Caleb. Youre our son as much as Rene was our daughter. Im telling you right now that she wouldnt want you to live this lonely existence. She wanted you and Madison to find someone to complete your family. I was there, remember?  I heard what she told you. Her soft words tore through his heart.
Im not lonely. I have Madison, you guys, my cousins. I dont need anyone else. Madison doesnt need anyone else right now either. Please, leave this alone, he pleaded. I know your heart is in the right place, but Im just not ready.
Stepping in a little closer, she held his cheeks lovingly. Caleb, when are you ever going to be ready? Madison is growing up fast. She needs a mother. If you wait until shes older, she may have a harder time accepting a mother figure. Those words made a point, but then Grace went in for the kill. And Madison is going to move out someday, and youll be left alone. I dont want that for you.
He sighed deeply, feeling heavy hearted. I just cant, Grace. Please drop it.
Breaking up their conversation at the perfect moment, Madison ran to kiss her grammy goodbye.
Bye. Well see you guys tomorrow. Caleb hugged Grace and Robert, then somberly waved as they left. What had started out as a lighthearted evening had turned into yet another painful ambush. And now he was left to nurse his brokenand lonelyheart once again.



 Were truly pathetic. You do know that, right? Abby told Leah as they sat across from each other, finishing their dinner.
Speak for yourself, chica. Leah raised her perfectly lined eyebrows, giving Abby her best whatever look.
Here we are on a Friday night, at the same restaurant, eating the same food. Were too young to be old maids, Abby pouted.
Hey, who are you calling an old maid? Leah argued playfully Im just here, enjoying my favorite dish and a glass of sangria. Nothing wrong with that. She held her nearly empty wine glass up to Abby.
Im sorry, I just dont get it. We should be living it up, having the time of our young lives, and here we are. Abby gestured to their surroundings. The highlight of our night is going to be when we slip into our jammies and watch some late night TV. She slumped her shoulders, getting more depressed by the minute.
We work our butts off all week, Leah pointed out, taking the last sip of her drink. If we just want to relax on a Friday night, whats wrong with that? 
Whats wrong is that, unless you are working at an event, its our Friday, Saturday, and Sunday night plans. We need to start doing other stuff. Weve become as predictable as an old married couple. She didnt particularly think her whining was helping but wanted to make her point.
There you go with that word again, old. Im no vieja, my friend. Leah was starting to get irritated, so Abby thought they needed a lighter mood.  Scanning around the room, she found the perfect distraction.
Hey, theres your boyfriend, Abby teased, gesturing to an elderly gentleman, who probably had been devilishly handsome in his prime. The young lady with him looked as if she might be his granddaughter. At least, Abby hoped she was his granddaughter, with the way she was dressed. Abbys eyes nearly popped out of her head when he reached out for the girls hand and brought it to his old, shaky lips. He did not kiss her hand the way a grandfather should kiss a hand.
Ewww. Cochina. How can you even joke about that? Leah crinkled her nose, grimacing.
I was kidding. I didnt realize he actually had a younggirlfriend. Gross. She scrunched up her mouth in disgust.
Shes just trying to rip his grandchildrens inheritance out from under their feet. Leah sneered in disgust.
Just then, another young girl joined the couple and kissed the man square on his wrinkled mouth. 
What the hell? Leah exclaimed, quietly so only Abby would hear. Is he Hugh Hefner or something?
I dont know, but I suddenly feel sick. Glad theyd already eaten and paid the check, Abby started to scoot back.
Me too. Leah held her stomach.
That old guy is getting more action than we do. The thought was disturbing, but it also kind of stung.
Yeah, but hes probably paying for it, Leah pointed out. And I dont know about you, but Im not up for that. Her eyes opened wide, mirroring her friends earlier look of revulsion.




Abby loved her weekend tradition. Waking up late, staying in her jammies all day as she drank way too much coffee, and devoured as many books as she could were her favorite way to unwind. Shed easy slipped into this routine as a teenager, staying up all hours of the night to finish whatever book she was enjoying at the time. 
The fun part was attempting to function successfully at work the next day, so she tried to wait until the weekend to do her reading marathons. Abby adored all romance and young adult novels, with the occasional suspense or mystery thrown in to mix things up. 
Currently reading the paranormal romance, Inescapable by Amy A. Bartol, Abby was on the edge of her seat, waiting to see if Reed was finally going to profess his love to Evie when the buzz of her phone stole her attention.
It was tempting to let the call go to voicemail but when she saw that it was her mom, she quickly answered. 
Hi, sweetheart, whatre you up to? Her mom asked in her typical morning chipper tone.  
Nothing much. Just reading and drinking my coffee. She put her feet up on the chair next to her at the dining table.
Some things never change. Youve had that same Saturday morning ritual for as long as I can remember. They both laughed, before Abbys mom, Sarah, added, Grace just invited all of us over for lunch today. Id love to spend some time with you. Can you tear yourself away and join us?
Of course, Mom. That sounds like fun. Just the point shed been trying to make to Leah last night. Let me jump in the shower and get ready. Text me their address. She turned her e-reader off so she wouldnt be tempted to continue reading once she got off the phone.
Will do. Well be there around eleven-thirty. Love you.
Okay. See you then. Love you too. Even though she was going to hang out with people older than herself, at least it was something different for the day.



Abby pulled up to the curb and parked behind a silver Range Rover with black trim. That was her dream vehicle. Shed wanted one ever since she learned how to drive. 
Someday, she thought then snickered to herself. Yeah, when I win the lottery. 
Getting out of her car, she fixed her dress and picked up the Trader Joes bag from the trunk. As always, shed stopped and gotten a couple of prepared foods to contribute. Not only was it simply good manners, but she was a vegetarian, and there werent normally too many food choices available for her at gatherings.
After spotting her mothers car in the driveway, she headed up the stone path. The yard was immaculate and beautifully landscaped, with pink hollyhocks, California lilacs, and gerbera daisies scattered throughout, giving off the most delightful scent. 
Shed heard her mother talk about how beautiful Grace and Roberts home was, but it was more awe-inspiring than shed imagined. It almost resembled a life-sized childs Victorian playhouse. The features were breathtaking, as if taken out of the late 1800s and placed here as new. It displayed strong octagon towers, and shutters accentuated the large bay windows. The roofs were on a steep slope, the eaves hanging over, giving the house a sense of grandeur but still homey. The oversized wide steps welcomed her onto a porch that spanned the front of the house. 
Taking a breath, she knocked on the door. When no one answered, she rang the doorbell. Still nothing, so she called her moms cell.
Mom, Im at the front door, but I dont think anyone can hear me knocking. 
Oh, sorry, hon! Were all in the backyard. Ill go let you in. 
Abby pressed the end button and waited. A few moments later, the front door opened, and there stood Madisons daddy, grinning and wearing an apron that said Kiss the cook. 
Abby felt her cheeks flush, staring at the apron. Caleb glanced down, letting out a deep chuckle. His eyes slowly glided up her body until they landed back on her face, and she was glad that shed made the extra effort this morningpainting her toes and putting on a cute sundress.
Just as Caleb opened his mouth to say something, they heard, Miss Abby! Miss Abby! 
Madison was running toward them. She jumped into Abbys arms, nearly knocking the bag out of her hand.
Now, thats a greeting. Abby hugged her student back, still trying not to drop the bag.
Madison stepped closer to Caleb and squealed, Grammy said you were coming, and I was so asited. Do you go to all of the kids houses for lunch? Her face brightened, waiting for Abbys answer.
Trying not to snicker at the asited pronunciation, Abby answered, No, not usually, but my mommy is friends with your grammy, so here I am. 
The little girl looked at the porch floor, disappointed.
Abby bent down carefully, tucking her dress between her thighs and calves. Of course, when I heard you were going to be here, I just had to come. 
The bright smile was back, and Abby looked up at Caleb as he mouthed thank you. 
Wow. She gulped. She hadnt actually taken a close look at his lips before. Oh man, he has a nice pair. Realizing she was embarrassing herself once more, she stood to break the trance.
By chance, Grace walked up at that moment. Well, whats taking you so long? Those burgers arent going to cook themselves, mister. She motioned for Caleb to return to the backyard and grabbed the bag from Abby. Come on in. I know you dont eat meat, so we have the veggie burgers your mom said you liked.
Thanks Grace, that was very thoughtful. 
Caleb walked through the sliding glass doors that led to the backyard, and Abby couldnt help but stare after him. She was going to have a difficult time not drooling all over him all afternoon.
Actually, Caleb overheard me talking to your mom on the phone this morning and offered to go get them for you. Grace had a sinister smile on her face.
Ill have to thank him too then. Abby wondered what Graces smile was all about, trying not to focus on the fact that she would most likely humiliate herself in front of him again. 
Caleb had already made it out to the grill when she and Grace stepped off the back porch. Abby reached out to hug her mom and step-dad, Dave. The beginning of the school year was a hectic time and she hadnt seen them much lately. Her mother and Dave were also on a cruise binge and seemed to jump from one ship to another, before they even unpacked their bags from their previous one. 
Praying that she didnt somehow trip on the grass along the way, she strolled over to greet Robert who was standing next to Caleb at the grill. Hi Robert, how are you doing? She gave a small friendly wave before swinging her arms behind her back and clasping her hands together. Nonchalantly sneaking a peek at Caleb, she saw that his wide eyes were directly on her ample chest. 
Shoot. I must look like a total hussy, throwing my big boobs out there like that. 
In an effort to someone cover herself, she moved her arms in front of her body. Now that hed obviously been caught, Caleb swiftly turned back to the grill.
Fantastic, Abby. How are things with you? Robert looked curiously back and forth between her and Caleb. She wanted to crawl under a rock.
Although she was dying because the hot guy she couldnt keep her eyes off had just stared at her chest, she fought hard to mask those feelings. Pretty good, to be honest.
Thats wonderful. Im going to head over to see why Grace is trying to get my attention. Caleb, youve got the grill covered, right son? Robert placed his palm on Calebs shoulder.
Sure do. Dad. He still hadnt looked back up, and Abby thought his cheeks looked almost as red as hers.
Good boy. Ill be back if I see smoke. They all laughed as Robert walked away.
Thanks for the veggie burgers. I truly appreciate it. Abby giggled nervously, then swallowed. She hated that this man made her feel like a fifteen year old school girl.
No problem. My pleasure. I dont eat a lot of meat myself. Just a little chicken, turkey, or fish here and there, but I enjoy veggie burgers too. His deep brown eyes finally met hers causing her heart to speed up.
Keep your cool, Abby.
I noticed that you called Robert dad. Was that too personal to ask a guy shed only recently met? Oh well, it was already out there.
Honestly, Im a lot closer to him and Grace than I am to my own parents. Ive called them mom and dad for years, and we havent seen a reason for me to stop.
Thats really sweet. Her heart warmed and she smiled, realizing she was totally flirting with her students dad, so she changed the subject. So Caleb, what do you do for a living? Okay, so, maybe that still sounded a little flirty.
Im an author. He flashed his beautifully blinding teeth before flipping a set of burgers over. Even though she hadnt eaten a piece of meat in years, the smell of those patties cooking made her mouth water. Or maybe it was just the guy at the grill. 
Shaking her head, she cleared her throat. Youre kidding. Im one of those crazy readers. What do you write? Now this excited her. She started to bite her nail.
He looked uncomfortable for a moment. Um. Mysteries, criminal justice novels, that sort of genre.
Something suddenly clicked. Wait a minute. Caleb Hunter? Oh my goodness. Ive read a few of your books. Youre really good and kind of famous. She was totally fan-girling now, but in a civilized adult-like mannersort of.
Thanks. I enjoy what I do, and it allows me to set my own schedule so I can spend time with Madison. He seemed uneasy for some reason but she couldnt stop her jabber. 
Great perk. Are you working on something new? Realizing how close she was standing to him, she hung on his every word. She seriously needed to get some help with this whole book obsession thing. To top it off, not only was he drop dead gorgeous, but he currently smelled like the most delicious mixture of sweet smoke and spices.
Oh crap, did he notice me sniffing him?
Im pretty much always working on something new. He gave an uncomfortable laugh brushing her arm as he reached for the cheese slices. But Im currently on a deadline with one. Its coming along though. Backing away a little, he mustve noticed that the distance between them had shrunk. 
How embarrassing.
Im gonna head back to the house and see if I can help with anything. It was nice chatting with you, Caleb. Abby couldnt get away fast enough. She knew her face was crimson, and she was well aware of how funny her awkward rushed walk probably looked.
You too, Abby. She heard from behind her but didnt dare look.
I wonder if he knows how hot he is. She couldnt believe her reaction to him. She knew lots of guys and theyd never affected her like this. 
Damn, Im in trouble. 



As they sat at the large picnic tables, eating and enjoying each others conversation, Grace interrupted. Oh Abby, I just remembered I cant chaperone the field trip to the zoo this week. I completely forgot I have a doctors appointment. Im so sorry.
Abby was bothered, but tried to cover up her feelings.  Its okay. Ill see if I can get another parent to help.
Grace glanced at her son-in-law and asked, Hey Caleb, can you step in for me? Theyre going to the zoo on Thursday. She couldnt hide her smirk.
Funny, Robert just asked me last night if I would go golfing with him, even though he knows I dont like to golf. Turning to Robert, Caleb asked, You wouldnt mind if I cancel, would you?
Robert looked away from Graces narrowed eyes. I have a feeling Im supposed to say that I dont mind.
Great, its settled then. Abby, do you mind giving Caleb all the information?
Abby had a strange feeling shed missed something, but she shrugged it off. Sure. Ill send the info home with Madison on Monday. Oh, and dont forget about Back to School night on Tuesday.
Wow, youve got a busy week ahead of you. When will you have time to relax? Abbys mom sighed.
When I get home from work every night, just like everyone else, Mom. And Saturday mornings, of course. Abby knew her mom worried about her. She threw herself whole-heartedly into everything she did and didnt take a lot of time off.  Abby didnt appreciate her mom bringing this up in front of other people, though.
Grace steered the conversation into a different direction. So Abby, what do you have planned for the rest of this gorgeous weekend?
I promised my best friend we would hit the movies tonight, then the farmers market and a couple of antique shops tomorrow. Which reminds me, I should get going. Picking up plates, she got up and headed to the kitchen.
After saying her goodbyes, Grace followed Abby to the front door. I would love to go antiquing with you sometime, if youre up to it. She wasnt exactly inviting herself, but Abby extended an invitation for the next day anyway.
Would you like to join us tomorrow? My mom never wants to go, and Im sure Leah would love to meet you.
I dont want to intrude, but that would be lovely, darling. Grace turned and called Caleb over, again smirking. Would you walk Abby out to her car? Its already getting dark, plus Id love for you to bring those boxes in from your car.
Sure, he said as he pulled the front door open. 
Narrowing her eyes, Abby watched Grace suspiciously as she slipped away. Abby finally caught on. Grace was matchmaking, clever woman. Caleb, on the other hand, seemed clueless.
They walked outside, and she pointed to her car. Thats me. You dont have to walk me. Im capable of doing it on my own.
Are you kidding? You dont know Grace. Ill walk you all the way, or Ill never hear the end of it. He flashed his brilliant smile at her. This man could make a smart girl turn stupid.
That one grin made her weak in the knees, and she had to remind herselfhe was her students dad. The fact that he was only doing this to appease his mother-in-law was somewhat humiliating.
The car unlocked when she clicked her remote. Opening the door, Caleb motioned for her to get in. She looked up through her lashes and thanked him before he closed the door. Of course, he walked over toward the Range Rover shed been drooling over earlier. He gave her another wave as she pulled away.



So, what are we seeing? Leah asked, slumped on Abbys comfy couch.
I dont know. Im actually kinda tired. Lets stay in. Abby tucked her feet under her behind.
Werent you just complaining last night about us becoming old ladies? Wait a minutedid you stay awake all night reading again? Leah sat up a little bit and squinted suspiciously.
Abby reluctantly nodded, getting more comfortable in the corner of her cozy couch. She grabbed a throw blanket from the arm and wrapped it around herself. Then I went to the Westbrooks house for a barbecue today.
Who? Leah scrunched her face.
My moms friends, Grace and Robert. Their granddaughter Madison is in my class.
Oh yeah, I remember you mentioning that. Leah leaned over to get a closer look at her best friend. Hey, why are you all red?
What? Snapping back, she knew there was a guilty look on her face. She couldnt get rid of it before Leah noticed.
As soon as you said Madisons name, you started to blush. Whats that about?
I dont know what youre talking about. Maybe Im having a hot flash.
Abby, youre twenty-five. Youre not having a hot flash.
Anywaaayy... Abby stalled. I invited Grace to go with us tomorrow. I hope you dont mind. Shes a lot of fun.
I have a great idea. Why dont you have her go with you to the antique shops, and Ill meet you at the farmers market later? Leah proposed with hope in her eyes.
No, I want you to go with us. You always find something you like, so stop pretending that you hate antiquing with me, she whined and pouted.
I dont have to pretend. Leah made a face. Those stores smell like mold, and I dont care if its antique, vintage, or whatever you want to call it. That doesn't change the fact that its still someone elses old crap. I dont get why you love it so much.
Its a great way to recycle and reuse, Abby argued lightly. Plus, there are some fantastic finds.
Leah shook her head and chuckled. Abby, I think youve repurposed enough. She motioned around the room, specifically pointing at all the antique keys framed on the walls. You dont need to be the keeper of all ancient things.
Abby feigned offense, trying not to laugh. Everything I own has a story. Okay, back to tonights plan. I seriously just want to hang out here. Ill cook.
You know I cant resist youre cooking, so it looks like an evening in for these aging women, amongst the ancient crap. 
Brat. Abby threw a pillow directly at her head, and Leah laughed.



 Look at this. Isnt it darling? Grace picked up her third vase. Shed obviously noticed this wasnt Leahs favorite place and was working on her love of flowers. Abby smiled, wondering why shed never thought about it herself. The older woman caught Abbys eye and winked. 
Brilliant Grace. Absolutely brilliant.
She turned a corner and there sat the most beautiful ceramic jug shed ever seen. It was pink with green and white trim, a bronze spout at the bottom, and the word lemonade inscribed in green. Abby fell in love immediately. She sprinted to the shelf, ran her hands down the cool container, turned it up, down, and around. Yes, she wanted it. 
Thats stunning, Abby. You have excellent taste, Grace said from behind her.
I love it. Its my favorite colors and everything. She flipped it over one last time and saw the price tag. Wow, hefty. Placing it on the shelf, she stepped back, and looked at it again from afar, pondering. How much did she really love this jar? A lot. Could she spend that much on one item? She didnt think so. It was a ridiculous price.
Why dont you grab it? Grace looked at her with curiosity.
I think Im going to pass. She frowned. I have a strict rule on sticking to a budget, and this would cost more than I have for the entire day. I love it, but not enough to drop that kind of cash. She turned to find Leah holding two more clay vases. Ready to pay? Im hungry.
Sounds good to me. I cant believe Im walking out of an antique shop with four vases. Leah scrunched up her face.
Theyre pretty, though. Im glad you found something you like. Abby smiled at her best friend. They paid and headed to the farmers market.



 What are you guys talking about? Abby joined the ladies already sitting at the white plastic table next to the food tents. It always amazed her that it took longer to prepare her meatless food than it did to prepare everyone elses.
Grace was just talking about Caleb and Madison. Leah looked at the older woman as though they shared a secret. 
Abby wondered what that had been about, but didnt actually care. She was glad they clicked from the get go. No matter how much Abby wished her mom was into this sort of stuff, she was too busy enjoying her husband and retired life. Abby wasnt bitter. She just didnt understand it. Her mom had married him right after Abby left for college, and seeing as he was only sixteen years older than Abby was, she couldnt look at him as a father figure. That role belonged to her real dad. Then again, hed left them for another woman when she was only nine.
Well, I, for one, love your granddaughter. She brightens my day every time I see her. Youre truly a blessed woman.
That I am, Abby. Calebs not so bad himself. Wouldnt you agree?
Um, yes, she hesitated. Hes very nice. And talented. Ive actually read a couple of his books before I met him. She felt her skin flush again, and Leah gave her a knowing look. Darn it.
My friend here is a fanatical reader. Shed rather read than sit here with you and me. Believe me. Leah pointed at her from across the table. 
Good. If that was why she thought Abby was blushing, shed take it.
Once they were done eating, and threw their trash away, Grace asked, Okay girls, so what are we on the hunt for today?
Abby spoke up first. I want to make my tomato and green bean salad, spicy cucumber slaw and chocolate-filled raspberries, but I always get avocados, broccoli, spinach, and cauliflower too. How about you guys?
I think Ill be coming to your house to eat, Grace joked. That all sounds great. I assume you fill the raspberries with chocolate and refrigerate them? 
Yes, and I use Ghirardelli, the best chocolate known to man. Abby sighed just thinking about it. 
That sounds divine.
It is, but she doesnt always share. Leah bumped her on the shoulder and winked.
I share, Abby laughed, but when you show up two days after I make them, and expect me to have some left, thats your loss.
Well, I just went to Sprouts the other day and got a lot, so I think I only need stuff for salsa. The peaches should still be fresh, so I may make one with them. Leah shared her shopping list as she picked up a piece of fruit and sniffed. Oh man, this smells good. She handed it over to Abby, who also took a whiff.
Ill also get a couple of those. Grace grabbed the fruit and placed a handful in a bag before paying for all of their produce.
Wait, why are you paying? Abby questioned.
I want to thank you for letting me tag along with you girls. She looked down. I love spending time with Caleb. Hes like my son, but I miss spending this kind of girl time. A hint of sadness crossed Graces face. Rene and I used to come here together when she was alive. 
Abbys heart fell, and her eyes filled with tears when she looked at Leahs somber face. Graces daughter had died at such an early age. Abby couldnt even imagine the pain Grace had endured.
Clearing her throat, Abby said, Youre welcome anytime. You can be our shopping den mom. 
The look on Graces face made Abbys eyes gloss over even more. She couldnt bring herself to look at Leah now.
You girls are so delightful. Thank you. She sniffed. Now, before I start blubbering, lets go find those raspberries.



Abby didnt particularly enjoy back-to-school night. After working all day, she had no desire to stand in front of a bunch of judgmental parents wondering how she was going to help their gifted kindergartener get into Harvard someday. Attending these events was a requirement, so shed have to push through. 
An hour before parents and students were schedule to arrive, Leah walked into her classroom, holding up an all too familiar cup of coffee. Thank Heaven for Seven-Eleven. She winked, handing Abby her liquid gold.
Have I told you youre my best friend, and Ill love you forever? Abby offered up her cheesiest smile, knowing exactly what Leah reaction would be.
Yes, but I wish youd say it when Im not handing you a cup of coffee. Leah had her hands on her hips, pretending to be bothered. So, what do you want me to do?
Just be here for moral support. You know how I get. Her best friend did know how anxious she got speaking to a large group of adults.
Oh, honey, Ill be here for you. I may have to get all ghetto and beat any of the snotty moms who look at you the wrong way, though. Ill hand you my earrings if it goes that far. They always joked like this.  Leah was about as ghetto as Abby was.
I love you for protecting me too, not just for your coffee delivery service. Abby pulled Leah into a hug.



Thankfully, the evening went on without Leah having to show her ninja skills. The number of parents that showed was a pleasant surprise, and they seemed friendly for the most part. However, Abby did have what she called a helicopter mom that hovered over her, trying to make sure she was paying enough attention to her perfect child. Abby hoped this parent wouldnt feel the need to volunteer too much.
Damn! Who is that? Leahs eyes bulged.
Abby didnt even have to look up to know. Um, thats Madisons father, Caleb.
Her friend turned to look at her. Abby, youre turning red again. Grace mentioned something at the farmers market the other day, and wait a minute, he was at the barbecue too, wasnt he? Oh my goodness, amiga. Youre totally crushing on your students dad, and you didnt even tell me. Leah pulled Abby by both arms until she was standing face to face with her.  
I am not. She halfheartedly slapped Leahs shoulder.
You so are! Leah argued playfully. Cant say I blame you. Its like the DNA of both David Boreanaz and Dean Cane were somehow combined, and Caleb was the end result.
Yes! I got the David Boreanaz right away, but obviously a little Dean Cane too, with maybe a sprinkle of Michael Schoeffling, but only the Sixteen Candles years. They loved playing the DNA combo game.
Caleb chose that moment to head over, grinning ear to ear. 
Look at that smile. Give me something to fan myself with, because Im gonna pass out, Leah mumbled, grabbing a piece of paper and waving it back and forth in front of her face.
Leah, youre being too obvious, Abby grunted.
Hi Abby, hows your evening going? 
Dang, did he ever not look stunning? 
Her heart skipped, and her hands got sweaty, along with all the other things shed read that happened to girls when drop-dead gorgeous guys approached them. Wait, was that actually perspiration starting to drip down the back of her neck?
Pretty good. Yours? she managed. Leah cleared her throat. Oh sorry, Caleb, this is my best friend, Leah. Leah, this is Robert and Graces son-in-law, Caleb.
Oh, Madisons dad. Very nice to meet you, Caleb. 
Abby gave a look that said, I cant believe you just let him know I was talking about him because surely hed put that together. How else would Leah know he was Madisons father? Then again, maybe he would think Grace talked about him the other day. 
Leah smiled cunningly.
Its nice to meet you too, Caleb replied politely. He turned back to Abby. Well, Im going to let you get back to greeting other parents. Have a great evening, and Ill see you on Thursday. He waved and returned to his in-laws and daughter.
See you then. She was actually batting her eyelashes as he walked away. 
What the heck? Youre making a fool of yourself again, she thought, noticing how well he wore his jeans.
Thursday, huh? Leah moved in front of her, arms crossed, lips pursed, and hip popped.
Its nothing like that. Hes chaperoning the zoo field trip. Besides, you know I have a strict no dating my students father policy. Abby walked away, straightening papers.
Abby, you have a strict no dating anybody policy.
Abby gave her friend a dirty look. I have parents to talk to.
Well, hello Dr. Gorgeous. Leah looked over Abbys shoulder. 
Abby turned around and saw Blaine Zuckerman, in scrubs, with his family. Oh no, you dont. That is Peters brother. Abby held her index finger up, waving it back and forth.
I didnt say I was going to do anything. Im just enjoying the view. Wow, hes good looking too.
I know, but hes also a part of my painful past. Its been hard having his nephew in my class. Did I tell you one of them is going on the field trip on Thursday? Are they trying to torture me? 
Leah looked at her with wide eyes, as if trying to speak through them. A deep male voice sounded behind her. Whos trying to torture you, Abs? 
Crap! Peter and his brother were the only ones that had ever called her that.
She turned and was face-to-chest with Blaine. Nobody. Um, did you have any questions about Justin?
No, just thought Id come up and say hi. I havent actually had a chance to talk to you since school started.
Leah stepped up to them. Hi, Im Leah, Abbys best friend. She extended her hand. 
Abby gave her another dirty look.
Nice to meet you. Im Blaine. Abby and I, uh, went to high school together, he said, somewhat awkwardly. She was thankful he didnt mention the main reason they knew each other. Well, Ill see you later. It was nice meeting you, Leah. He walked toward his family. His twin sister, Tiffany, had her hands on her hips, giving him a disapproving look.
Abby turned that same look on Leah. Why did you introduce yourself to him? I just told you who he was.
I know. She shrugged. It was getting awkward just watching you stand there.
Im sorry. Im a little on edge.
Leah softened. I know, but you have to deal with this, Abby. You cant keep tucking it in the closet and closing the door.
Another parent walked up, saving Abby from answering that tough question. Knowing Leah, this conversation was postponed but not over.



Because the zoo was only a few miles away, Abby arranged for approved parent drivers to take the kids, instead of the added expense of a school bus. Yet another reason why she loved working at a charter school. If shed been working for a traditional school district, they would never be able to have parent drivers.
Teachers, students, and parents all met in the classroom for attendance. Blaine approached, the only member of his family chaperoning this time. Hey, Abs, wanna ride with me?
Scanning the room, she met Calebs eyes. Um, actually, I was going to ride with Madisons father. She hadnt actually planned this, and hoped Caleb wouldnt think she was strange. 
Caleb smiled and came a little closer. Ready? 
Dumbfounded, Abby nodded. She had just put him on the spot, but at least hed followed through flawlessly.
Blaines smile dropped. I guess Ill see you there then, Abs. He grabbed his nephew and the two other boys he was driving, as well as the booster seats they needed.
They walked out to Calebs car with Madison and two other kids in tow. Yay, Miss Abby, are you riding with us?
Yes. I guess I am, sweetie. 
Three little girls giggled and clapped their hands.
Caleb opened the back and front passenger doors. She noted that hed already set the boosters in his backseat. The little girls climbed in and buckled up. He waited while Abby got in the front seat, and then closed all the doors. 
What a gentleman, she thought, taking in the gorgeous interior of her dream car. It still had that new car smell, rich with leather.
After starting it up, Caleb leaned toward Abby and whispered, So, are you going to tell me what that was about?
Sorry. She grimaced. I didnt mean to suck you into that. Blaine is my ex-boyfriends brother, and its just weird. I saw you, and it came out. I hope you dont mind.
He smiled warmly. Of course I dont.
I keep running into his family. I guess its just one of the hazards of living in the town you were raised in. 
He nodded, turning to look behind him as he backed out of the parking space. 
Dang, he was cute. His face looked so smooth, almost as if hed never grown stubble before.  That wasnt true of course.  Shed seen him with some nice scruff a few times.
He mustve been a serious boyfriend for this to bother you so much. He eyed her, putting the car into drive.
I guess. He was my high school boyfriend, but we have some bad blood between us, and its just awkward with his nephew in my class.
What does akwad mean? They heard from the backseat.
Caleb and Abby shared a glance and laughed.
Abby turned back to her student, Melinda. Awk-ward, means something that makes you uncomfortable.
Oh, okay. Sometimes my shoes are awkward. The little girl turned toward the window. 
This time Abby giggled.
After the short drive, Caleb announced, Were here, little ladies. He pulled into the parking lot then rushed to get out so he could open doors. Abby stepped out as Blaine pulled in beside them, giving her a sexy smile.
I have to go get the tickets. Meet me at the front? she asked Caleb, rushing off without an answer, trying to create more distance between her and Blaine.
Abby got up to the ticket booth, gave them the field trip information, and paid for the tickets. She walked over to the side gate and joined the other kindergarten teachers. Once parents walked up with their assigned kids, she handed them the tickets and checked their names off the list. Everyone was there, except her not so favorite helicopter mom. Of course, shed drive her son, and only her son, because she didnt want any other children in her expensive sports car. The school was technically responsible for him though, so Abby waited an additional fifteen minutes under the warm fall sun until they got there.
Abby wasnt a sarcastic person, but when Helicopter Mom walked up with a blended iced mocha in her hand, and a strawberries and cream in her gifted sons hand, she had to say something. Wow, if I knew you were making a stop, I wouldve placed an order. That got her a dirty look, but she didnt care. She reminded the mom, Just in case I lose contact with you here, we need to go back to school after the zoo.
The woman flipped her hair and took a sip from her straw. I was planning on leaving in a couple of hours so we can spend some time together today. 
Abby barely kept herself from rolling her eyes. As though she wasnt going to spend alone time with her child at the zoo. Thats fine, but Ill need you to sign him out with me, or to go back to school to sign him out.
HM started to look visibly agitated. Why dont you give me your cell number, and Ill call when I need you to meet up with me? 
Heck no. She was the last parent Abby would give her cell number to.
I have a better idea. Why dont you just sign this right now, and youll be free to go whenever you like. Abby handed her the sign-out form. She didnt dislike too many people, but Abby could do without this woman.
Fine. She snatched the clipboard out of Abbys hand, signed it next to her sons name, and then shoved it back at her. Abby turned her back and walked into the entrance. She called one of the other teachers to see where the group was and met up with them at the penguin habitat.
Abby finally caught her breath when she leaned against the railing in front of the penguins, listening to the presentation the trainers were giving. She could feel someone standing close behind her. Too close. 
An unwelcome whisper tickled in her ear. My brother was a fool for letting you go. Youve grown into an incredible looking woman.
Abby turned quickly to face Blaine. What? Why did you say that? she questioned, irritation in her tone as her eyes darted around to see if anyone else was listening to them..
Blaine switched their positions, leaning his back against the railing so he could face her. Ive had a crush on you for years, Abs, but you were forbidden in high school because you were with my brother. When I found out you guys broke up, I was away at Stanford. Now were crossing paths again. It must be fate.
Abby rolled her eyes and snort-laughed. Yeah right, Blaine. Ive had a crappy morning. Please, stop teasing me. She tried to back up a little and accidentally stepped on a small foot.
Owie, Miss Abby. You crunched my toe.
Squatting down, she turned her back to Blaine. Im sorry, Ben. Are you okay?
Its okay, Miss Abby. I think you meant it as an assident. 
She snickered at the pronunciation, one of her favorite things about being a kindergarten teacher.
Thank you for your understanding, Ben. This earned her a huge toothless smile, another reason she loved this grade.
Abby almost forgot about her ex-boyfriends brother hovering behind her, until she stood back up.  He was still too close for her liking.
Youre so good with kids, Abs. You picked the perfect profession. He eyes sparked when he added, Youre going to be a wonderful mother someday.
Thanks. That was weird. Unless they were in a relationship, most men couldnt care less about what kind of mother a woman would be. As a matter of fact, they generally shied away from that subject altogether. Needing to change topics, she asked, Where are your kids?
Right over there. He pointed. Dont worry; Ive got my eyes on them.
She tried to step away again, this time without taking out any kids, when Blaine grabbed her hand and pulled her closer. This might feel strange, but Id love for you to go out with me sometime.
Im sure your family would love that. She snorted.
Seemingly irritated, he frowned. I dont care what they think. Im a grown man, and besides, theyll have their precious Peter back next week when he and his fianc move here.
Even though she didnt want it to, hearing fianc and Peter in the same sentence stung a bit. 
It mustve shown on her face because Blaine added, Im sorry. I didnt know that would bother you. I thought you were over him, since you were the one who broke it off.
What? Is that what he said? She couldnt hide her annoyance.
Yeah. He cried like a little boy for like two weeks, and said you broke his heart. 
She heard what Blaine was saying, but couldnt believe it. That mustve been what Cindy McCormick was doing with him at my locker then, consoling his broken heart with her tongue down his throat. That is how he broke my heart. 
She was fuming, but why? It was so long ago. Why was he still getting to her? 
Darn it!
His eyebrows shot up and he looked genuinely surprised. Abs, Im so sorry. I had no idea Peter was such a bastard. Hes been with the same girl for like, four years now. I assumed he was a faithful guy.
He probably is, he just didnt have the guts to break up with me after he discovered something he didnt like. He chose the cowards way out. Running her hands through her hair, she hated that they were having this conversation surrounded by her students and their parents.
What could he have found out about you that would turn him away? Do you have a tail or something? He looked down at her behind, trying to lighten the mood. 
Giving an unenthusiastic laugh, she did not appreciate his eyes on her butt. Its a long story and Im not willing to talk about it. Sorry, but I definitely cannot go out with you.
If you and Peter are history, I dont understand why you wouldnt give me a chance. Dont you find me attractive? His cocky grin told her that he knew without a doubt how hot he was.
Its not that. And you dont need me to tell you how attractive you are, but I just cant do it, Blaine. I cant even entertain the idea.
Leaning back on the railing, he asked, Are you interested in that other guy?
What other guy? Confused, she looked around.
The one you rode with. The one that keeps looking like he wants to run to your rescue. He motioned toward Caleb, who was standing with his arms crossed, eyebrows furrowed, looking back and forth between them and the girls he was watching.
Fighting a blush, Abby needed to clear the air. No, our families know each other, and hes probably just wondering why I looked upset a minute ago.
Isnt he the writer whose wife died or something?
Yeah. Abby glanced at Caleb sadly. I cant even imagine
Me neither. He looked down, then back up. Sorry, Abs. Ill leave you alone then. You cant blame a guy for trying, though. Stepping aside, he gathered the boys he was in charge of and headed to the next exhibit.
Each of the teachers bounced from parent to parent, making sure all of the kids were accounted for. They decided to eat lunch by the playground area so the kids could run around for a little bit, and the adults might get a small break. 
Taking in her surroundings, Abby sat down on the grass by herself, until Caleb joined her. She got a whiff of him, and man, did he smell good. Like clean clothes and fabric softener. There was nothing quite like that scent. Shed switched to an organic, earth friendly detergent, and it just didnt have that same aroma. Caleb probably thought she was odd, sniffing the air when he sat down.
Hey, how are you? He was so sweet and considerate. What guy would ask that question? Most men would be afraid a woman would actually answer, but he looked genuinely concerned.
Im fine. It was a rough start, but all is well now. Pulling her knees up to her chest, she rested her cheek on them with her eyes glued on him.
I noticed you got cornered at the penguin exhibit. I didnt want to interrupt, but there was a moment when I thought Id have to. You looked sosad. You kind of broke my heart. 
Did he really just say that?
All the blood rushed directly to her pounding heart, filling it to capacity. She cleared her throat, afraid her shaky voice would give her sudden nervousness away. He was just talking about old news that never got to me, and I was a bit shocked, but I honestly shouldnt be surprised. Its fine now. She looked at the playground and noticed the girls were out there already. Are they going to eat?
They ate about thirty minutes ago, Caleb chuckled. They were so hungry, they ate through the exhibits. So, whats after lunch?
The elephants, then my all-time favorite, the giraffes. Judging by his expression, he noticed when her face lit up.
Giraffes, huh? He grinned causing her breath to catch.
Yeah, but not just any giraffes, She added. These ones are exceptional. They truly were breathtaking creatures.
And why is that? he prodded curiously, leaning in a bit closer. 
Where else are you going to find giraffes with an ocean view?
His eyes went wide. Seriously?
Yes. I love them and can only imagine what the view is like at sunset. This zoo has been my favorite place since I was a kid, and Ive never seen it at sundown. One day I will. She smiled shyly.
He sat back leaning on his hands, as if he were thinking about it too, then he threw her a smile. Im sure you will. 



Today was emergency drill day at school and although they were necessary, the blaring sound of the alarm would freak out at least one kid in Abbys group, without fail. 
The siren would go off, and she would spot that child right away. She expected it, but didnt plan on that child being sweet Madison Hunter. Both she and her co-teacher Melissa had explained to the students what was going to happen before the bell went off, and she hadnt seen any fear on Madisons face. Once it happened though, she grabbed her cell phone before scooping Madison up in her arms, and leading the other children out to the playground. Madison clung to Abby, sobbing and chanting, Please dont let us die.
Sweetheart, we arent going to die, she tried to soothe her. Were just practicing for an emergency so everyone will know how to be safe and stay together. Abby tried to keep all of the kids in line, reminding Justin Zuckerman countless times that he needed to keep his hands to himself. 
Madison was clinging so hard she was practically choking her. Abby tried to pry her away a bit, but the little girl had a death grip around her neck. When the drill was over, it was lunchtime, so the teachers decided to let the kids go directly to the cafeteria while Abby brought her clingy friend with her back to the classroom. 
She sat down on her chair with Madison on her lap. Pumpkin, do you want me to call your daddy? She didnt know what else to do. This wasnt typical behavior from her. 
Madison silently rubbed her eyes, answering yes against Abbys shoulder.
Normally she would go through the office but there was a temp at the front desk and it would be easier for Abby to call him herself.  Picking up her desk phone, she dialed the number on her emergency contact list, her heart speeding up. Regardless of the reason, she was about to call Caleb. 
Get it together Abby. 
Still, she jumped when she heard his deep masculine voice. Hello?
Um, yeah, this is Abby. I mean Miss Abby, she corrected nervously. Im here with Madison, and I think she needs her daddy right now.
Is she okay? Panic was evident in his voice.
Well, we had an emergency drill today, and shes really upset. I havent been able to calm her down. She wont tell me why shes so bothered. Abby rubbed Madisons little back with her palm.
Leaving now. The line went dead. 
She hated calling a parent in, but she couldnt let Madison spend the rest of the day so shaken. Abby called the front office and explained what had happened, then she held Madisons tiny, shaking form against her and started to sway as she sang the song her late grandmother always crooned to her when she was a little girl and needed comforting. 
Slowly, Madison started to relax. Abby smiled and continued singing.



Caleb raced through traffic. His baby girl needed him, and he would be damned if he wasnt going to get there as fast as he could. He was in the middle of writing a chapter, but she was more crucial than any deadline. He parked in the only empty spot in the lot. It may have been the principals space, but he couldnt care less. 
Throwing the car into park, he turned off the ignition, jumped out of his SUV, and ran to the front office. He grabbed a visitor badge and signed in, then rushed to the classroom. As he neared the door, he heard a beautiful melody and had to stop. When he peeked around the corner, his heart melted. The woman that seemed to be starring in his dreams lately was rocking his baby girl. 
With the voice of a damn angel. 
He craned his neck and peered into the adjacent classroom. It looked like two kindergarten classes were combined and watching a movie, another teacher sitting close by. One boy was bouncing around while the others calmly sat and watched.
Look, its Madisons daddy, he heard a little girl yell, then all eyes were on him, including Madisons and Abbys. He barely had a chance to squat down before a small body slammed into him and clung for dear life.
Daddy. Her body quivered, tears freely flowing. Justin said we were all going to die when the alarm went off, just like my mommy did. I was so scared. 
His wide eyes connected with Abbys, and she mouthed, Dammit. She raised her hand, asking him to give her a minute, then she walked over to the crowd of kids, stopping at the boy that had been bouncing around. 
She crouched down in front of the boy. Panic was now written all over the little guys face. Caleb whispered words of comfort into Madisons ear as he watched Abby lecture the child. She pulled on his small hand so he would follow her and passed Caleb.
Give me a minute? She pleaded on their way out of the door. I dont want her to leave like that. Go ahead and grab a seat. She pointed to the seat behind him.
Sure. He walked over to the chair shed been sitting in and plopped down.



Why?  
Of all the kids that could be in her classroom, why on earth was Justin Zuckerman in hers? She normally handled these situations on her own. It wasnt a pleasant one, but she had a personal relationship with this kids family. She decided this was one the principal could handle. She marched into Principal Hansons office, explained what had happened, then headed back to her classroom, hoping Caleb was still there.
She practically ran into them as she turned the corner. Oh, Im sorry. I didnt see you there.
She was getting embarrassed, so I figured we would wait out here.
Abby stepped behind Caleb so she could see Madison. But instead of seeking her face, Abbys eyes landed on Calebs neck. He had a cute little mole there, and she had this sudden urge to run her finger over it and kiss it. 
Keep it together, sister. 
Taking a deep breath, she shook her head and addressed the lovable face that now stared at her. Im sorry Justin wasnt a good friend today. Dont ever take something one of the kids says to heart. Especially something mean. Abby wanted to wrap her arms around her tiny body, but that would mean shed be hugging Caleb, too. 
Just the thought of that made her shiver.
Its not your fault, Miss Abby, but I wanna go home with my daddy. 
Caleb moved his head and placed a kiss on her cheek. Of course, Abbys eyes went directly to his lips. 
Focus, Abby. Focus.
Wanting to comfort her, Abby answered, Okay, pumpkin. 
Caleb spun around to face her with a stunned look. 
What had she done? Im sorry, did you have another plan? she asked timidly.
No, its just that A flash of pain crossed his face. Well, only two people have ever called her that. He pointed to himself, then up. 
Nodding discreetly, Abby swallowed hard. She had just called his daughter a name that her dead mother had used. 
Can this day get any worse? 



By the end of the day, Abby was still bothered. She headed to the parking lot with full arms, spotting a certain blonde that made her cringe. 
Tiffany Zuckerman. 
Her narrowed eyes were focused on Abby, and she did not look happy. 
Abby glanced around, hoping to see another teacher, but she knew she wouldnt find anyone. Shed stayed late after school to meet with Principal Hanson. Hed informed her that Justin Zuckermans mother, Tiffany, was fairly irate when she had to come in to pick up her son. 
Abby stopped on the pavement. She could always turn around and go back inside, pretending like shed forgotten something, but that would be too obvious. It was time to face this nightmare head on.
Approaching her car, she tried to ignore Tiffany, but Tiffany had other ideas.
Seething, she stalked up to Abby. 
Crap. 
Opening her trunk, she tossed everything in, keeping her cell in her front pocket and keys in her hand.
What the hell, bitch? The words slurred out of Tiffanys mouth as the smell of alcohol assaulted Abbys nostrils.
Excuse me? Shocked, Abby had never been called that name before.
You heard me. Tiffany swayed, shooting daggers out of her squinting eyes.
Maybe you need to call a cab and head home, Tiffany. Abby felt sick to her stomach.
Screw you, she spat. Just because my brother dumped your trampy ass, and didnt want anything to do with your bastard kid, doesnt mean you have to take it out on my son.
Gasping, Abby literally had to take a step back to keep from falling over. What? You dont know what youre talking about Tiffany. Tears stung her eyes, but she did everything in her power to keep them from falling. Tiffany would not see her cry. 
Are you going to cry like the weak bitch you are? The venom in her voice was unbelievable. 
Abby was beside herself. How could someone be so hateful? 
Where do you keep your piece of shit spawn anyway?
That was it. There was no way that she was going to let this go on. Abby stormed over to the drivers door and flung it open. 
Behind her, she heard, Dont you dare walk away from 
But Abby slammed the door shut, muffling Tiffanys infuriated voice, and drove away, leaving her standing there, livid. 
As Abby pulled into her driveway, she finally let herself break down, crying hysterically. After a minute, she called Leah.
Please come over, she sobbed, unable to get any more words out.
Be there in ten minutes, Leah said, not questioning. 
Abby let the phone fall to her lap and collapsed against the steering wheel. Thank goodness for her best friend. Leah would be here soon, and Abby could cry herself to sleep, knowing she wouldnt be alone.



Caleb couldnt believe the call hed just received from Grace. It made him furious. Leah had called her to warn them about that boys mother. Shed apparently verbally attacked Abby yesterday and Abby wouldnt be at school today. 
He gulped. What the hell had she said to her? What had she done? The idea of anyone doing anything to Abby made his chest tighten. He shouldnt be so worried about someone he barely knew, butHe couldnt help it.
It was a half-day, as all Fridays were, and Grace asked to spend the day with Madison since she was still shaken from what had happened yesterday.
 Now he just needed to check on Abby.



Abby peeled her swollen eyes open and stretched, feeling a warm body next to her. 
Leah. 
Shed spent the night to make sure Abby was okay. There were no words to express how much she appreciated her. She thanked God every day for sending Leah into her life. 
Quietly slipping out of bed, Abby headed to the bathroom and cleaned her eyes with a washcloth. As she headed to the kitchen to make them a late breakfast, she heard a light knock at her front door. Not thinking, or caring about what she may look like, she headed over and answered it. There, stood a crisp-looking, clean-shaven Caleb in jeans, flip-flops, and a surfer tee, holding a brown paper bag.
Morning. His eyes scanned her body as the corner of his mouth pulled up in a grin. 
Her face turned red when she looked down, noting her boxers, fuzzy socks and tank top. Hiding behind the door, she peeked her head out. Um, hi.
Im sorry to come unannounced. His smile turned sheepish. Grace asked me to drop some breakfast off for you. He handed her the brown paper bag. Bagels and cream cheese. 
Oh, um, okay. She reached for the bag, then behind her for a throw blanket from the couch. Pressing it against her chest, she added, Would you like to come in?
If Im not intruding. His eyes wandered past her, like he was looking for someone.
Not at all, come in. Closing the door behind him, she set the bag on the coffee table. Have a seat. Ill be right back. She scampered off down the hallway to get dressed.
How are you feeling? a sleepy Leah asked.
Im freaking out, thats how Im feeling. Abby shook her hands, pacing back and forth.
It was almost comical how fast Leah shot up. Why? Whats going on?
Caleb Hunter is sitting in my living room, and I opened the door, looking like this. She gestured to her outfit and her ponytail hanging on for dear life.
Oh no, mujer, Leah said, sympathetic before attempting to calm her down. Im sure he didnt expect you to be all dolled up this early in the morning.  Go into the bathroom and fix yourself up.  Itll be fine. Getting out of bed, Leah grabbed her overnight bag, Im gonna jump in the shower. She peek out of the door before tiptoeing down the hall toward the bathroom. 
Sagged with relief, Abby went into the bathroom attached to her room, brushed her hair and teeth, then put on a pair of jean capris and a white eyelet blouse shed just gotten from Old Navy. A little spritz of vanilla body spray and she was ready to see him.
Like the gentleman he was, Caleb stood as soon as she entered the living room. His presence enveloped the room, and Abby smiled weakly. This was weird. But in a good way.  
Coffee? she asked, pretending as though this gorgeous man in her living room wasnt making her heart beat uncontrollably.
Sure.
Hoping she didnt stumbling or somehow stub a toe along the way, she casually strolled into the kitchen and got the coffee going before joining him again. He seemed just as nervous as she was.
He nodded toward the hallway. Uh, is your boyfriend here?
Boyfriend? She frowned, then realized he could hear the shower down the hall. Oh no, thats Leah. 
Relief washed over his face as he took a seat. 
He opened the bag and pulled out containers of cream cheese and plastic knives, offering her the bag to select a bagel. They each had a bagel in hand before he spoke again.
I wanted to tell you how sorry I was about what happened yesterday. He peeked at her as if gauging her reaction.
It wasnt your fault, or Madisons. I felt so awful for her. Her heart truly did hurt for his daughter.
There was worry in his eyes. And something else. No, I mean what happened later, with that boys mom.
She shook her head, confused. How did you know about that?
Grace told me when I dropped Madison off this morning.
How did Grace know? Abby asked as Leah entered the room, wearing a dark red sundress, towel on her head.
Because I called her, Leah said with a simple shrug. She had no problem admitting anything she ever did.
Why would you do that? Abby was hurt and embarrassed all over again.
Because theyre involved in this, and she might try to attack them as well. Leah gestured wildly toward Caleb.
She wont, Abby insisted, trying not to sound so upset. Shes mad at me, not them.
Leah tilted her head. Abby, you know how she is. Dont put anything past her. 
Why would she be so mad at you, Abby? Caleb finally chimed in.
Turning her attention to him, she opened the bag, offering Leah a bagel. Quietly, she told him, We went to high school together, and she never liked me. She thinks Im taking it out on her son.
Calebs eyes went wide with anger. That is ridiculous. Her son started this. I know hes just a kid, but she needs to take responsibility for his actions. Clenching his fists in his lap, he appeared to be trying to calm down. Let me know how I can help.
I appreciate that, but really my history with her is the real problem here.
Leah explained, Abbys ex-boyfriend is Tiffanys brother. She sat cross-legged on the floor, licking the cream cheese that seeped out from the side of her bagel.
Figures, Caleb muttered. That guy you were with by the penguins is the boys other uncle?
Abby nodded, frowning.
Wait, isnt that when Blaine asked you out? Leah blurted. 
Leah! Abby protested. Leah knew exactly when Blaine had asked her out. 
You know I dont candy-coat or dance around things, girlfriend. Leah raised her eyebrows. I always said your beef was with Peter, but that entire family has been a thorn in your ass for too long, and I love you too much to let this slide.
Abby slumped back into the couch. I know. But Caleb doesnt need to know all my drama.
Dont be upset. He placed his half-eaten bagel on a napkin, sitting it on the coffee table. I appreciate being in the know. Now I understand whats involved. Besides, I already caught that he was asking you out, and you turned him down. That guy doesnt hide his body language very well. He looked her directly in her eyes, and she almost stopped breathing. I wont let you deal with this alone, though. I am involved, regardless if you want me to be or not. The moment my little girl was hurt, it became my problem too. 
Just knowing he would go to the ends of the Earth to protect his daughter did something to her heart.
Before she melted into a puddle at his feet, she jumped up. I almost forgot about the coffee, she said as she zipped to the kitchen.
Gathering her wits, she returned, placing a mug in front of Caleb. She sat down to sip on her own when she realized she hadnt made one for Leah. Im sorry, Leah. You were in the shower when I set out the mugs, and I forgot to ask if you wanted some too. Give me a second, and Ill make your usual poison of choice. 
She knew Leah couldnt function without first having a cup of coffee. How could she had forgotten?
Standing up, she started to make her way to the kitchen, but before she could get there, Leah stopped her. Thanks, chica, but I have to head out. I have some early deliveries today.
Confused, Abby looked up. Oh? That didnt make any sense. She couldve sworn Leah had told her last night that she didnt have to make any deliveries until after lunch. And since when did Leah go anywhere without her morning coffee? 
If that wasnt suspicious enough, Leah took the towel off her head and put her wet hair up in a ponytail, grabbing her purse. 
Abby blinked at her. Leah never left the house with wet hair, never. There was always at least a little blow drying involved.
Dumbfounded, Abby stepped into the entryway with her. 
Turning back with a mischievous grin, Leah stopped at the open door. Ill see you later, girl. Call me if you need anything, anything at all. She waved to Caleb as she gave Abby a quick hug, then winked and she strode off. 
Abby shook her head. It all made sense. Leah was playing matchmaker, giving her and Caleb time alone. She didnt know whether to run up and hug her, or kill her because she now felt like she might pass out.
Unfortunately, Caleb was also headed for the door. I really should get going too. Thanks for the coffee. Turning toward her, he appeared as though he wanted to say something more, but decided against it. Have a great day. See you later. 
The man she was slowly letting into her world strutted out her front door to his waiting SUV, and she leaned against the doorframe, watching him go. This was already turning into a fantastic day.



Do you mind if we go get a mani/pedi before dinner tonight? Abby asked Leah over the phone. I have my yearly check up tomorrow morning. 
Why do you need a mani/pedi for that? Leahs tone was amused, just waiting to hear the explanation.
Because its just the proper thing to do, Abby stated, matter of factly.
Seriously? You do know the gynecologist isnt going to be looking at your toes, right? Leah teased, not even attempting to hide her laughter.
Well, she might. My feet will be right there, you know, by her head, Abby huffed lightly narrowing her eyes as if her friend could see her expression. 
I bet you hide your panties and bra under your clothes before the doctor comes in, dont you? 
Dont you? She thought every woman did that.
No. Showing my panties and bra to the gynecologist isnt the most humiliating part of the visit.
Oh, be quiet. Do you want to go for a mani/pedi or not? Now Abby really wished Leah could see her irritated face.
Of course I do. Dani keeps telling me about this new gel polish you put on at home. Ill find out more about it so we can just stay home and do our nails before your next gyno appointment. 
Leahs sister, Dani was a nail technician through college. Thats how she paid most of her tuition, while the rest of the student body scrambled around looking for grants and student loans. Dani knew all the latest and greatest products. 
Fine.  But just for that crack, Im not going to save you when the nail tech asks about your love life.  And Ill encourage her when she suggests that you get the nail art and the extra scrubs and lotions.
You wouldnt dare.
Watch me girlfriend.
Ive created a monster.
Ha!  
Okay so maybe she wasnt that sinister, but after Leah had opened her mouth in front of Caleb about Peters family, Abby was all too happy to give her some crap back. 
 


Going in for her yearly check-up wasnt on the top of Abbys favorite activities, but she wanted to be responsible, so she did it anyway. Once shed checked in, the receptionist informed her the regular general practitioner had the flu and wasnt in. She was then asked if she wanted to reschedule, or if she minded a nurse practitioner doing the exam. 
Abby groaned inwardly. It took all her nerve to come in the first place, and shed already gotten her nails done, so she opted for the nurse practitioner instead.
She sat on the exam table, wearing a paper gown that opened in the back, her bra and panties neatly hiding under the rest of her clothes. Looking down, she wiggled her newly painted toes and snickered. Leah had harassed her all night about it, but she didnt care. She loved her pretty toes. 
Abby heard the rustle of papers outside the door just before a light knock, so she wasnt surprised when the door opened. What shocked her was the person that appeared in the doorway. 
Oh, hell no! 
Hey, Abs, fancy seeing you here. Blaine grabbed a rolling stool and sat down, scooting closer to the exam table. Her naked legs were just feet from him. A look of shock mustve appeared on her face because he chuckled a little, then started reading her medical papersher personal, private medical records. 
Crap!
She still hadnt said a word when he asked, Youre here for a...pap smear? His smile quickly disappeared as his eyebrows shot up. Never mind the pap smear, she was having heart palpitations. Hed probably need to look into that first. Not to mention, she was starting to find it more and more difficult to breathe.
Uh, no, not anymore. I need to reschedule. She frantically tucked the paper gown further under her thighs, hoping the flimsy paper didnt rip in front of him. That would just be my luck. 
Abs, Im a professional. Blaine was serious. He actually thought she was going to let him proceed. Was he on crack? No way.
Yeah, but...um, I...um...just started my period and cant do this right now. She cringed. Really, Abby? Is that the best you could come up with?
Looking down at her chart, he said, But you told the nurse your last one was two weeks ago. Is that normal? We should look into that.
No! I mean, this is the first time. Im sure its fine. Ill just reschedule. Her eyes darted around the room, hoping an imaginary portal would suddenly appear and transport her back in time.  Before she agreed to put the damn paper gown on. 
He kept reading her record, and she just wished hed get out so she could dig her undergarments out from beneath her clothes and get dressed. Thank goodness she did hide her underwear. She saw on his face the moment he read what she dreaded he would find in her chart.
Oh Abs, it says here that you had a miscarriage when you were... He calculated the date and her age. Seventeen? He looked perplexed, and she was mortified. Tentatively, he asked, Is that why Peter left you?
Anger was starting to rise now, and she was getting impatient. You said you could be professional. Please dont ask me questions like that. A professional doctor wouldnt ask me that. I really need to go. Will you please leave the room so I can get dressed? Concern replaced the confusion in his eyes, and Blaine stood. Okay, Ill respect your privacy. Im sorry though, for your loss.
Thanks, but it was a long time ago, she replied curtly, not caring that she was being rude at this point.  
The smile he gave her offered pity. She hated that. With sagged shoulders, he exited the room.
She couldnt high tail it out of that office fast enough. Now she would have to change doctors. Dr. Jenkins was her favorite, but it was a large medical group. Surely she could find another reputable doctor here. 
This wasnt her main concern about the situation though. Now that Blaine knew the truth, he would most likely tell his whole family. She was so over the drama that came with that event and didnt want to relive any of it. Maybe hed keep it professional. Doctor/Patient privacy and all, but she doubted it.
While taking in a deep breath, Abby got into her car and dialed Leahs cell.
Oh my gosh! The worst thing just happened. Feeling herself freak out the moment the words came blurting out of her mouth, she got out of her car and paced back and forth. Her footsteps echoed off the cement as she tried to calm her still racing heart.
Whats going on? Leah sounded busy but Abby knew she would always make time for her.
I went in for my exam, and my doctor was out, so they asked if I didnt mind having a nurse practitioner do it. Naturally I was nervous, but said okay anyway. For some reason, I pictured a burly, German woman named Helga or something, then I was just sitting there on the table, with only a paper gown covering me and... She rambled without taking a pause or a breath.
Abby, slow down. Youre talking so fast I can barely understand you. 
It was Peters brother. He was the nurse practitioner. Even though she said it, she still couldnt believe it.
What? Seriously? What did you do?
I panicked and said I just started my period and had to reschedule.
You did not tell that gorgeous doctor you started your period.
Yes, I did. What was I supposed to do? She leaned her forehead on her free hand fighting back her tears.
I know it was shocking, but thats his job, Leah said compassionately. You shouldve been more mature about it, put your big girl panties on.
I did get my big girl panties on, but then I got the heck out of there. I have to face him at school. I wasnt about to let him go...there.
I guess youre right. That would be kind of awkward.
Kind of? I would never be able to face him, knowing hed examined my lady parts. She puffed out a breath of air. The worst part is that he asked me about the miscarriage. It was humiliating.
Abby, Im so sorry. What do you say we hit Escalona for some yummy tapas and sangria tonight? I dont have a wedding to do tomorrow. My treat.
I guess. It doesnt have to be your treat though. Abby sighed. I just dont get why things have to be so complicated with me.
I dont know chica, but Im willing to help you drown your sorrows in some fruity wine tonight. Ill pick you up at eight. Wear something sexy. You never know who you might run into.
Sexy? Why would she say that? Um, okay? Ill see you eight. Thanks, Leah. 
I love ya, girl. Leah laughed as if she were up to something.
Love you too. She smiled for the briefest of moments as she got in and started her car. That is until she saw Blaine walking out of the building, probably going to lunch. She had to make sure he wasnt going to say anything, so she drove up just as he arrived at his truck.
Blaine? He glanced up toward her. Theres some kind of doctor/patient privacy law or something, isnt there?
Of course, your private life is just that.
Okay. I just wanted to check. Thanks. She rolled her window up and waved goodbye as she drove away. 
Well, at least there was that.



Leah arrived a little early at Abbys, which was odd. She was always barely on time. She took one look at Abby and shook her head, Uh-uh, no way, my friend. You have to change. You look like a school teacher in that outfit and not even a naughty one.
Leah, I am a school teacher. What is your deal about my outfit tonight?
Leah gave her a pointed look. Youve accused us of being old ladies, and you had a rough day. Youre only twenty-five. You need to dress more flirty and sexy.
Thats not my personality, Leah, its yours.
Just humor me, please. I wont make you look like a tramp, just a little sultrier.
I dont have anything like that.
I bet I can find something. Let me see your clothes. Leah walked into the closet, then turned and peered at Abby. Where did this dress come from? Ive never seen you wear it.
It was just one of those buy on a whim kind of things, on clearance at the mall, but I shouldve gotten rid of it a long time ago. Its not my style.
Abby, put the damn thing on. I brought a couple pairs of shoes, and I think I have the perfect ones. Let me go get them.
Of course you do. she grumbled, taking off her jeans, sweater, and cloth shoes. She pulled the thin material over her head and let it flow down her body, hitting her right at her knee, then she glanced in the mirror. Not bad, but I need a different bra. Other than two diagonal straps, the back was open. She remembered buying a bra for it when she got it the year before. Digging around her drawer, she finally found the lacy material and put it on. A Perfect fit.
Leah walked through the doorway and stared at Abby with her mouth open. Abby, its gorgeous. Why havent you ever worn it before?
She shrugged, feeling self-conscious. Havent really had a reason to. 
Here, try these shoes on. Leah handed her a pair of green-heeled sandals with jewels across the top, resembling large anklets.
Is there a color you dont have in shoes? Abby joked, struggling to get the strappy contraption on while standing on one foot.
Probably not. Leah chuckled. Those granny panties have to go though. You can see those big ass panty lines. 
Abby frowned at her. Shed already changed the bra. 
Leah rustled through her drawer, huffing as she went. Seriously, Abby, even your underwear look like an old ladys. Where are your sexy panties? Youve gotta have a least one pair. Finally, she found something. Jackpot. Put these on.
Abby made a face at what Leah had just tossed to her. No way. I won those as a gag gift at a bridal shower. Theyre not real underwear.
Mujer, let loose. These are very sexy panties, and you wont have lines on your dress, at least not granny lines.
Abby eyed the thin strip of material, trying to figure out how to put the thing on.
Leah snatched them back and held them up, demonstrating. Like this. She handed them back.
Abby hesitantly changed into the tiny strings, feeling somewhat naked under the dress now. They arent very comfortable.
They arent supposed to be, Leah laughed. Now lets get out of here. We have reservations, and I dont wanna be late. She grabbed Abbys hand, pulling her through the house. The Santa Ana winds had already started blowing this week, and Abby prayed her dress would stay in place. The last thing she needed was to give everyone a show. 



Caleb didnt know why he was so nervous. It was just dinner with his agent. Chris had told Caleb there was big news but didnt want to talk about it over the phone. It had to be good news since Chris didnt travel from San Francisco for just anything. 
So, Ive been talking to Lucky Star pictures this week, Chris said excitedly, and they want a meeting to discuss your Unlawful Encounters series. Theyre thinking movie trilogy.
What? Are you serious, man? This wasnt what Caleb expected to hear at all.
Chris nodded. Yep, and the best part is they approached us, so its pretty much in the bag. You just have to hear them out and agree to their terms. We could be filming the first movie by this time next year.
I cant believe it. Caleb shook his head, amazed and shocked. I didnt write those to become movies. I never imagined they would be. 
You saying this is a bad thing? Chris looked confused.
No, not at all. I just never expectedWow, you threw me for a loop.
So, are you interested in me setting up a meeting?
Absolutely. Id love to hear what their ideas are. Id insist on creative control, though.
Of course and they expect that.
Im seriously blown away. This isnt what I anticipated tonight.
What did you expect?
I didnt have a clue, but a movie trilogyThat is just Caleb trailed off, his eyes catching the auburn beauty in the green dress that had just entered. Holy crap! he said aloud. 
I know, amazing, huh? Chris looked so excited, then realized Calebs attention was elsewhere.
Uh huh, was all Caleb could muster. He was mesmerized. 
Chris turned to see what had caught Calebs eye. Wow, gorgeous, huh? Both of them.
Uh huh, he muttered again, then he shook his head, snapping out of it. Uh, what were you saying?
Chris raised an eyebrow and grinned. Dude, you look as if youve never seen an attractive woman walk into a room before.
I know her. Shes Madisons teacher, but Ivenever seen her dressed like that before. He felt the goofy smile as it appeared on his face.
Which one? Green dress or red?
Green, he practically sighed. 
Well, go over and say hi, Chris stated the obvious. 
I will. It came out as a high pitched squeak. For shits sake, what the hell is wrong with me? Clearing his throat, he deepened his voice, adding, On the way out.
Are you...nervous? Chris was far too amused with this situation.
No, Caleb answered with a little too much enthusiasm and knew Chris wasnt about to let it slide.
Oh, I see. He appeared to be entertained. You like her. No, you actually like her, he amended.
No, I dont, he protested, like he was in junior high, being teased about having a crush.
Oh, dude, you so do. Chris chuckled. This is awesome. You havent given any woman a chance since...
Caleb cut his friend off before he had a chance to go there. I know. Im not ready. 
Actually, I disagree. Chris said, not backing down. I can see it in your eyes. Weve known each other a long time, and Ive only seen you look at one other woman like that.
Can we move on? Caleb took a long sip of his drink then let out a heavy breath. So when do you think theyd be willing to meet?
Chris shook his head, not having it. When are you going to realize that life must go on, and that Rene wanted that for you?
Again, move on, please. Caleb gave his agent and longtime friend a warning look.
Chris shrugged in surrender. Okay, I feel you.



 What a coincidence, Abby. Look whos seated over there. Leah smirked, her eyes roaming to the other side of the dining room.
Abby turned and met Calebs eyes. She smiled, gave a small wave, then turned back to her best friend. Damn, he looks freaking gorgeous in a suit.
He sure does. Now arent you glad you got all dolled up? Leah pulled her napkin from the ring and placed it on her lap.
Why would I be glad? Abby looked at her suspiciously as she also put her napkin on her lap.
Because hes eating you alive with his eyes right now. Leahs eyes widened as she leaned in with excitement.
Abby turned back again. Oh my. That look in his eyesShed never seen a look like that before. Wait a minute. She raised an eyebrow at Leah suspiciously. Did you know he was going to be here tonight?
Now, how would I know where Caleb Hunter was going to be tonight? Leah smiled, looking way too innocent. 
Abby narrowed her eyes. How could Leah know, though? 
UnlessHad Leah gotten his phone number the other day? 
Sighing, Leah scolded her friend. Stop being so dang skeptical and lets order some food.
You know what I like, so you do the honors. Abby didnt even bother opening her menu. This was one of their favorite places. They normally only came here on special occasions. But today wasnt memorable, it was crappy. This would be their pick-me-up dinner.
When the waiter approached, Leah ordered entirely in Spanish. It always impressed Abby when she did this. At the end, Leah gave him a sweet smile and said, Gracias. 
Si, senorita, Gracias. He stepped away, grinning to himself.
Abby pursed her lips. So, I got that you ordered our usual olives, paella, sangria, and your chicken, but what was with all the instructions? 
I just wanted to make sure he knew to keep all the vegetarian things separate.
But I heard you say caballero and silla. Doesnt that mean gentleman and chair? What are you up to, Leah? Abby gave her another suspicious look.
What? Im not up to anything. 
Mmhmm. Abby would leave it alone for now, but she saw right through Leah. She was a terrible liar.



Caleb said his goodbye to Chris. Ill hear from you soon?
Ill call you this week and let you know when theyre available, Chris said. Im really excited about this, man. Youre gonna be huge.
Thats not important to me, Caleb knew he didnt need to point it out but did anyway. 
It seemed nothing could wipe the grin off Chris face. I know, but youll have to get used to the idea if you go through with this. Okay, Ill call you later. I have a flight to catch. He gave Caleb a firm handshake, then pulled him in for a quick manly hug, clapping his back. Talk to you later. 
The check was already taken care of when Caleb strolled over to greet the beautiful women on his way out. He ran his palms down his suit jacket as he approached their table, noticing Leah trying to get someones attention.
Hi, ladies. He smiled and nodded politely at both of them.
Leah stood first, giving him a hug and a kiss on his cheek. 
That was unexpected. 
He turned just as Abby slowly stood and gave him an awkward, subtle hug. Maybe a kiss on the cheek was part of Leahs Latin culture, he thought. But Leah was throwing Abby a disapproving look when she hadnt done the same.
Nice running into you here. Would you like to join us? Leah asked enthusiastically as the waiter approached with a chair for him.
Maybe for a minute. I have to pick Madison up soon.
Shes fine. Leah waved a hand. Grace will keep her as long as you need her to. Leah blinked, looking shocked at what shed just said. She tried to backpedal, but failed miserably and excused herself instead, leaving Abby and him to wonder how she knew where Madison was.
Caleb put on a charming half grin. That wasnt fishy or anything. This earned him a flushed face on Abby. Oh well, he decided to go with it. You look really lovely tonight.
Thank you. She gave him a glance. You look verybusinesslike. Did you have a meeting?
Yes, hopefully something really remarkable will come from tonight. He realized what that sounded like, and amended, I mean, with my agent.
When their food arrived, Leah was still gone. Abby kept looking at the dishes, and Caleb suggested she go ahead and eat. 
No, I cant. Its rude. Hmmm, she was a girl with manners. He liked that.
Sauntering to the table with a smirk, Leah addressed Abby. Dig in. I know how hungry you are, and its all your favorite stuff. She motioned to the food. 
Abby just sat there, looking around the table.
Starting to feel like a third wheel, Caleb slapped his thighs and stood up. I have to get going anyway. You two enjoy your dinner, and Ill see you another time. 
The women attempted to stand with him, but he insisted. No. Stay seated. Ill see you ladies later. 
He didnt need any more awkward hugs clouding his judgment. It was bad enough that he couldnt stop staring at Abby. Had he never seen a beautiful girl before? Get it together! Either way, he didnt need her touching him again tonight. He waved as he headed out.
Dont look back. Dont look back. 



The school bell rang, ending yet another long week. Grateful that Fridays were her least busy school days, Abby gathered the kids she needed to take to the pickup area, having them grab their things along the way. 
When she saw Caleb outside of the gate, she motioned for him to come closer, keeping Madison by her side. 
He looked worried as he made his way over, seeming to notice how down his daughter appeared. Once the last child in the line was picked up, and Madison had greeted her daddy, Abby asked the little girl if she would go play while the grownups talked. Madison nodded and ran toward the swing set.
Whats going on? Everything alright? Caleb looked really concerned by now.
Yeah, I just wanted to show you something. Cautiously, he followed as she stepped into her classroom. Were learning about how plants grow, so we placed lima beans in these bags a couple weeks ago. Abby pointed to the clear plastic storage baggies taped to the class window, watching as his eyes scanned over the seeds inside. And as you can see...
Oh no, Madisons is the only one that didnt sprout. Disappointment filled his eyes as his shoulder sagged.
She twisted her hands together anxiously. Yeah, so you can imagine how she feels today. I noticed the others starting to sprout this week, and the kids were so excited. Now that its Friday, and hers didnt sprout at all, shes had a hard day.
Thats so odd that hers is the only one. His brows creased as he stared at that little bean in the bag. It was sweet to see how concerned he was, and Abby couldnt help how her heart fluttered.
Tearing her eyes away from his gorgeous face, she glanced back to the lima beans. It is bizarre. Its pretty common to have several that dont sprout, and I explained at the beginning of our lesson that they dont all grow, but when theres only one that doesnt, thats hard for a child to understand. The upsetting part is that I read one of my favorite childrens books to them beforehand. She started to smile, thinking about it. Its an adorable book by Brent Ching called The Little Lima Bean. The moral of the story is that no matter how small you are, you can do big things. I know kids have to learn how to deal with letdowns, but She chewed her lip nervously, hoping she hadnt overstepped any boundaries. Anyway, I hope you dont mind, but I told her we could try it again away from school. I dont want anyone to feel like Im giving her special favors, but she broke my heart today with those sad eyes of hers.
Welcome to my world. He snickered. No, sure. Thats fine. Its sweet of you. He lifted his lips into a smile as his eyes found hers. Really sweet.
Without warning, Abby skin warmed. Um, well, shes really sweet, and even though Im not supposed to say this, getting just a tad closer to him, she whispered, shes my favorite. Slowly, she put her index finger to her lips, which is exactly where his eyes wondered. But, shh, dont tell anyone.
As if mesmerized, he gazed at her mouth until Madison came running in, interrupting them. Daddy, Daddy, did Miss Abby tell you I get to plant another lima bean?
Abby backed away and tried to catch her breath as he scooped Madison into his arms. Yes, she did, but were going to keep that between us since we arent doing it at school. We dont want the other kids to feel sad that they only got to plant one seed with Miss Abby. He gave her a wink. 
Reminding herself to breath, she thought that was quite possibly the sexiest thing shed ever seen, a man holding his beautiful child and winking at her. 
We better let Miss Abby go. Im sure she has other things to do.
Not knowing why, Abby blurred out, Yeah, actually Im helping Leah with the flowers for her cousins wedding this weekend, so were putting some things together tonight at her shop to prepare for tomorrow.
She has a flower shop in town? Gently, he put his wiggly child down, who in turn ran back out to the playground.
Yeah, she owns Sassy Stems on Mission Street.
I know the place. Its been there for a couple years now.
Know the place? For a few seconds, she wondered who he would send flowers to, then she mentally scolded herself. Yes, and she does beautiful work. I love to help when she does weddings, but its a bonus when its for a family member because I get to see everyones reactions too.
Are you going to be there late?
Probably, sometimes we pull all-nighters and then were dead on our feet for the wedding the next day. She rambled nervously. 
Okay, well, I should let you go then. Im sure you need to get lunch, and Madison needs to eat too. Ill see you later. Enjoy the wedding. Grinning, he lifted his hand and waved.
Abby watched his very nice looking behind as he exited the classroom to collect his child. He sure does know how to wear a pair of jeans, she thought to herself for the second time since meeting him.

Abby sighed again, ashamed of her growing attraction toward her students father. Leah, Im telling you he winked and my heart stopped. Whats wrong with me? The poor guys wife died, and Im drooling all over him. She didnt completely understand what she was feeling or why she was so drawn to this widower.
She passed away like four years ago, Leah pointed out. Its not like youre stalking a dying womans husband. And its good to finally hear you get excited about a guy. I dont think Ive ever heard you get flustered before. Leah sprayed the flowers shed just arranged with a mister.
Frowning, Abby admitted, I feel like a teenage girl when Im around him, and it just isnt right. Its downright humiliating at times. There was a quick knock on the back door, startling Abby and causing her to prick her finger on a rose thorn. Ouch! Shed done that several times already but this was the first one that drew blood. Are you expecting someone? She glanced at Leah and instinctively stuck her punctured finger in her mouth.
It was Leahs turn to frown. No. I have a sign on the front that says we closed early today. Come with me to the door.
The two women crept to the back door, slowly opening it to find Caleb standing there with bags in his hands. He smiled and shook his head, disapproving. Do you girls normally open the door to strange men after dark? 
Leah breathed a sigh of relief, snickering to herself. Nobodys ever knocked on that door after dark before. 
Abby watched his focus land on the finger stuck in her mouth, then he cleared his throat, slightly lifting the bags in his hands. I hope you two are hungry. Someone told me you might have to work late tonight, so I thought Id bring dinner.
Starving! Come on in. Leah stepped aside, leaving Abby standing there, gawking at him before she thought to remove her finger. 
Walking passed them, he searched for a spot to put all the food. His masculine scent tickled her nose, as well as the yummy food he was carrying.
Behind his back, Leah gave her an oh my gosh look before Abby mouthed, I know.
Caleb turned to them, eyeing each suspiciously. Did I miss something?
Nope. Abby giggled as she did every time she saw him, then she looked at Leah as if she knew shed just committed a massive no no in the big girls guide to getting a grown man.
Abby, I know youre a vegetarian. He turned to Leah. I assumed, since you eat with her all the time, that you dont mind that kind of food either, so I got Chinese.
It took a moment, but Leah finally spoke up. Sounds good to me. This was very nice of you, wasnt it, Abby? Leah was throwing the ball back into Abbys court.
Yes, very nice. Thank you. Staring at the bags of food, her stomach let out a loud grumble.
I know Im kinda crashing your party here, Caleb started, looking a bit awkward, but I also wanted to offer my help. My feelings wont be hurt if you say no, but if you can use my
Leah answered before he even had a chance to finish. Oh, you can stay. Not a problem. We have a ton of work ahead of us and can use all the help we can get, especially to move the heavier arrangements.
Do you mind if we eat first? I was hoping, uh, Id be staying, so I didnt eat dinner yet.
Leah grinned. Grab a seat, and lets dig in.



The conversation was easy and comfortable during the meal, and while they put the flower arrangements together. Leah was particular about how she wanted everything to look, and he was happy to oblige. Caleb thought he was doing a pretty good job, especially since it was his first time arranging flowers.
When he first thought about bringing dinner, he initially wondered if hed be stepping over some kind of line, but he was tired of playing things safe. Something undeniably was stirring between him and Abby. He hadnt had any type of romantic feelings for another woman since Rene died, but with his mother-in-laws suggestion, he decided to throw caution to the wind for a bit and see what happened. Caleb also knew how close Abby was to her best friend and thought this would be the most comfortable way for them to get to know each other a little better.
And so far, his plan had worked out brilliantly. Leah was a lot of fun and he understood why the women got along so well. Theyd all indulged in a couple bottles of wine by the time they were finished and joked that the flower arrangements might look a little crooked in the morning.
As they cleaned up, Leah asked the magic question, So Caleb, do you own a suit? 
Abby gave her a horrified look. 
Why yes, I do, Leah. Why do you ask? He had a feeling he already knew.
Well, you see, if youre free, wed love for you to join us at the wedding tomorrow. You can see the fruits of your labor and save my friend here from the humiliation of my cousin Manuel trying once again to get her to go out with him. You can be her date. Leah bounced a little on the balls of her feet and Caleb didnt know which idea terrified Abby more, the prospect of the cousin, or the suggestion Leah just made.
I would love to join you guys, if youd like me to, Abby. Id hate to leave you in an awkward situation with Cousin Manuel. 
Uh oh. He recognized that look on Abbys face. She was mortified, and he found himself second guessing his offer.  Did she not want him to go, or was she just embarrassed because her friend had put it out there? It looked like tears were starting to well up in her eyes. 
He quickly amended, I dont have to go. I know it might be odd since youre Madisons teacher, but Id enjoy being friends as well.
Abby shyly muttered, Actually, it would be nice. It may be uncomfortable for you since you only know Leah and me, but it would give us a chance to get to know each other better. Before he could get too excited, she added, As friends.
He nodded. Friends was good. Can I walk you both to your cars?
Abby gave an upward nod. Leah lives upstairs, and Im just going to stay with her tonight, so were fine.
He nodded again, glad that they werent driving anywhere after drinking most of the wine themselves. What time should I meet you tomorrow?
The wedding is at four, Abby started, but Leah interrupted.
Which in Salvadorian time is six. She giggled, a little tipsy.
We need to get there early to set up so we should leave here by noon.
Okay, sounds good. He shuffled from foot to foot, gathering the courage to ask his next question. Can I get your number, Abby, in case I need to call you? He hadnt asked for a womans number in years but was hopeful as he watched her think about it. 
Finally, she said sweetly, Sure, here you go. She passed him her cell phone so he could call his, and in turn, have her number.



 I cant believe you just did that to me. Abby slapped Leah on the shoulder as soon as Caleb was gone. 
What? Leah laughed, locking the door behind them. I got you a hot date. And didnt you see the way he was drooling over you tonight? Its not just you, chica. She shook her head, then gloated, And now you have his cell number.  Youre welcome. 
He probably thinks Im a total dimwit, she huffed, unconvinced. I couldnt even string two words together tonight. Placing her hands on her face, Abby still couldnt believe Leah asked Caleb to be her date.
Leah on the other hand was way too amused. No, my favorite part was watching you giggle. That was so cute. Ive never heard you giggle so much.
Oh, be quiet. She frowned as she grabbed her pajamas out of her overnight bag. Now Im going to see your family with this amazing guy as my date. Theyre never gonna let it go.
Holding her stomach, Leah cackled. Im sorry, amiga. I didnt even think about that. Well, it will be better for them to focus on your date than on all my flaws. 
Abby could feel the sarcasm in her tone. I dont know how you put up with that, Leah. 
Several of Leahs aunts were brutal with their comments. It would start out with them asking about boyfriends, and then move on to the fact that they werent the thinnest girls around, and if they would take better care of themselves, they might find men. It was absolutely ridiculous.
Leah mentioned her sisters and the reception they would get from the older women too. Luckily for Elena, shes married. Even if she happens to have an ass as a husband, at least the old ladies leave her alone. Poor Dani gets the brunt of the insults, so lets stick with her, especially if she doesnt bring a date.
Deal.



 For the millionth time, you look gorgeous, Abby. Stop worrying.
Abby loved her new green and black lace cocktail dress. It went perfectly with her green rhinestone-adorned strappy heels that Leah had helped her pick out two weeks ago. 
Doing one more twist in the mirror, Abby swallowed hard. How do I smell? I cant stop sweating, Im so nervous. She lifted her arms, flapping her hands to fan herself.
You smell fine, but I think you should go put some of my deodorant on. That eco stuff you wear doesnt last very long. Leah scrunched her nose as though something did, in fact, stink.
Although Abby normally appreciated Leahs honesty, paranoia began to set in, and she shot Leah a dirty look. Do I normally smell, and you dont tell me?
No ding-a-ling. Leah rolled her eyes and chuckled. Youre always complaining about it running out too soon and having to reapply. It isnt sexy, asking if you stink all the time. 
Smelly pits were no laughing matter, especially when a super-hot guy was about to pick her up, and now she wasnt confident in her choice of deodorant.
I know, but I try to stay away from all those chemicals. The natural stuff needs to be put on over and over, but youre right, Ill use yours today.
Leah crossed her arms over her chest and stood back. I dont see any panty lines, so I assume you took my advice and wore the cute lacy chonies.
What is it with you and underwear? Abby huffed. That and shoes. I bet you walk around in only undies and heels when youre alone.
Well, matching undies, bra, and heels. She snorted at Abbys scowling face just as the knock came.
Oh my gosh, Leah, hes here. Abby started to panic. Are you sure I look okay? My hair is good, up like this? She waved both hands in front of her as if swatting something away from her face.
Leah gave her a turn and pushed her gently toward the bathroom. Yes, now go put some decent deodorant on before you sweat all over that beautiful dress. Ill let Prince Charming in. She strolled toward the front door.
Abbys heels clacked on the tile floor as she ran into the restroom, reapplied deodorant, and blotted her face with toilet paper. She was a sweaty disaster. Rummaging through the cabinet, she found a hair dryer. She plugged it in, put it to the cool setting, and then ran it all over her face, hair, and body. Once she was dry, she spritzed on a little of Leahs perfume. 
There. She was finally ready.
Taking a deep breath, she stepped into the living room. But when she spotted Caleb, she wanted to run back into the bathroom. He was dazzling in a suit and green tie. Practically edible.  
Standing behind Caleb, Leah cleared her throat, giving Abby a pointed look. Are you ready? We need to get on the road. Abby was too busy staring at the delicious man that had entered the apartment. 
Youre breathtaking. He exhaled heavily as though she literally had taken his breath away.
Her mind went blank. She couldnt tear her eyes off him or think of a response. 
Caleb cleans up pretty good too, doesnt he, Abby? Leah was just trying to save her, but Abby felt her entire body hum at his presence.
Yes Caleb, you look very handsome. There she got it out, even if it sounded less natural and more like a robot. 
Your tie matches Abbys dress. How did you know? Leah pointed out, a small amused smile on her face.
Lucky guess. He shrugged, keeping his eyes on Abby. You wear a lot of green, so I took a chance. 
Hed noticed the colors she wore. Swoon!
It brings out the green rings around her blue irises, Leah said proudly since shed been the one to point that out so many years ago.
I agree. His grin widened as his eyes never left Abbys.
There was no doubt in her mind that she was going to pass out if they didnt get going soon. Ready?
Leah grabbed her keys. Yep, the van is loaded and were all dressed up, lets hit the road. 
Leah headed for the door when Abby caught Caleb gawking again. Damn, she was glad shed put on the extra strength deodorant. She was already sweating like crazy again. Feeling blotchy, Abby hoped her face wasnt full of red spots. Maybe thats why he was staring. Please, God, no. She chanced a look down at her chest, and the skin looked fine there.
Caleb put a light hand on the middle of her back, leading her out. She was going to have a difficult time concentrating with him around. And if he continued to touch her, she would be a goner for sure.
The drive to the wedding was full of funny conversation, thanks to Leah. Abby was so grateful for her hilarious friend. Leah shared a story about them in college that included the time they showed up to their first frat party in footie pajamas. The flier had said the party had Jammie Jam, and Abby had misunderstood. It turned out, that was the name of the DJ. They were nicknamed the Footsie Twins the rest of that year. It was obvious that Caleb tried hard not to laugh out loud from the backseat, but he couldnt hold it in for long.
They pulled up to the church with plenty of time to spare and of course, Cousin Manuel came out of the double doors of the Catholic Cathedral before the engine was even turned off. 
Abby rotated quickly to find Manuel had already opened her door. Mi Amor, you look beautiful. He offered to help her out. 
Glancing back, she found the backseat already empty. Disappointed, she ignored Manuels hand, but as soon as she was out, he was in her personal space, wrapping his beefy arms around her. She hadnt had a chance to react as he gave her a tight hug, barely allowing her to pull her head back and gasp for air. 
Caleb stood behind Manuel, a domineering look on his face. Oh my. 
He gave Manuels shoulder a firm tap, then lowered his voice a few octaves, the way guys did when they met other guys. Nice to meet you. Im Caleb, Abbys date.
Manuel spun around, practically knocking Abby over in the process. Caleb reached behind Manuel and pulled Abby protectively to his side. 
Blinking for a moment, Manuel look shocked. Sorry. My bad. Abbys never brought a date before. I didnt realize. Great. Now Caleb knows that I really couldnt get a date without Leahs help. Abby chanced a glance up at Caleb, surprised to find him smiling. 
He squeezed a possessive hand around her shoulder. Well, she does now.
Jokingly, at least she hoped so, Manuel winked at her. Ill let this one slide, Abby, but you will be mine someday. With his tail between his legs, he stalked his way to the back of the open van where Leah was cracking up, barely able to catch her breath. He scowled at her then grabbed an arrangement before walking toward the church with Leah, scolding her in Spanish along the way.
Sorry, Abby whispered, glancing down at her painted toenails.
What about? Lifting her chin, Caleb slowly ran the pad of his index finger over her delicate lips, his focus never leaving her mouth. 
Her heart pounded and her breath caught as a guilty smile covered his lips. You had lip gloss smeared all over. The daddy in me had to clean it up.
Yes. Without a doubt, she was a goner. This beautiful man made her feel things shed never thought were possible. He had no idea, and she didnt intend to tell him either.  



Abby was reeling the entire week after the wedding. She and Caleb werent actually an item, but shed cherished the attention hed paid her. Hed been such a gentleman, even when asked all those nosy questions by Leahs mom, Maria, and Marias boyfriend, Sal. 
Abby was an unofficial part of their family, but Caleb seemed to welcome the protective stance Maria and Sal had taken on her behalf. What they didnt know was that Caleb was only there because Leah had asked him to be. The realization bummed her out, but not enough to take away the memory of their slow dance. She could happily relive just the memory for the rest of her life.

After the delicious dinner, hed leaned over and whispered in a sensual, low tone, May I have this dance? 
Shed been slightly swaying to her favorite Spanish ballad, Besame Mucho. The sound filled the large coral and teal-decorated wedding hall.
Id love to. This song was a favorite of Leahs familys and played at every wedding and quinceaera Abby had attended. Though the only person that had ever danced with her to this melody was Manuel. And every time, hed attempt to kiss her afterward. Yuck.
Going out on the dance floor with Caleb felt so different. They reached the floor, and she hadnt known how close she was supposed to get to him until he pulled her flush against his chest and wrapped his arms around her waist. It felt incredible to be in his arms. She couldve stayed there forever, never leaving his strong embrace. 
Closing her eyes, she inhaled deeply, taking him in when he quietly sang the ballad near her ear. Lost in him, they slowly moved from side to side. He sang of kisses, feeling close, and seeing a lover in his eyes. She almost melted into a huge pile of goo right there. He later told her that hed learned that song during his high school Spanish class and for some reason, it had stuck with him.

Earth to Abby. Ready to get your chowder on or not? 
Taken out of her daydream, Abby looked over at Leah in the passenger seat. Oh man, she was driving and fantasizing about Caleb. 
What was Leah talking about?
Chowder. Right. Oh, yeah, I cant wait for some corn chowder. Coming back to reality, she tried to focus on their conversation. I actually dreamt about it last night. Yeah, right. That wasnt what shed been dreaming about, but she wasnt about to share.
Leah shook her head and sighed. Youre hopeless, my friend. I told you we need to make some during the year and not just eat it at the festival. 
Mmhmm, Abby answered, like she knew exactly what Leah was talking about, though she was still trying to come back to the here and now. But then it wont be special. You know how much I look forward to this every year. 
The Chowder Festival came into her sights, and she was able to shift out of her daydream and refocus as she pulled into a parking spot. Abby loved this festival more than any other. Feeling her excitement rise, she gave a little clap as they got out of the car and marched right up to the vender booths in front of the parking lot.
She eyed a vintage costume ring. Look at this. She pointed it out to Leah. It matches my outfit perfectly.
Yeah, like you need another ring. Leah teased, while smiling and shaking her head.
Hey, you love shoes and panties. I love jewelry and antiques. I want it, so Im buying it. She paid the cashier, slipped the ring on, and held it up to admire the beautiful stones. Isnt it pretty?
Leah raised an eyebrow, unimpressed. Yeah, okay, now lets go this way. There was something I spotted over there. 
I thought we were going the other way so we could grab the chowder first. Facing forward, Abby suddenly realized she was pointing directly at a smiling Caleb about twenty feet from her. She returned the smile until she spotted the gorgeous dark-haired beauty strolling along, one arm looped through Calebs, the other hand holding Madisons. 
With wide eyes and a racing heart, she scanned the surrounding area, plotting her escape. Youre right, lets go the other way. Quickly, she turned, not caring if Leah followed. She zigzagged through the crowd until she felt someone pull on her arm.
Abby, didnt you hear me calling you? Asked a deep voice she knew all too well.
Sagging her shoulders, she spun to face him. Hey, Caleb. No, I didnt hear you. She craned her neck past him, catching a glimpse of Leah talking to the woman now holding Madison in her arms. 
Traitor.
His smile was warm as he ran his hand up and down her arm. I didnt know you were going to be here. 
Its a tradition. She shrugged, pulling away from his touch. We go to a couple of different annual festivals. Nervously, she stood with her arms covering her chest, legs slightly separated and rocking a bit side to side. She hoped Leah would recognize her anxious stance and rescue her.
Come here, he said, placing his hand on her back and directing her toward Madison and the other women. I want to introduce you to one of my favorite people. 
Her heart sank. Was he serious? 
They werent dating or anything, but shed thought there might be something between them. Obviously, she was the only one feeling it. Her lips quivered as she headed over to her ex-best friend and the stunning woman standing next to her. This woman must not have been told that it was going to be a sunny day because she was wearing dark colors, from her purple blouse and tight black skinny jeans, all the way down to her designer black heels.
Leah smirked and looked down. Grr, how could she think this is funny?
Abby, this is my cousin Brianna. Bri, this is Abby. He gave Bri a knowing look, who put Madison down and reached a hand out to Abby. 
Cousin? 
Cousin? 
Yes, the award for the most shocked dimwit went to Abby Sullivan. She felt like such an idiot. Great first impression Abby.
Its nice to meet you, Brianna. Trying to recuperate, she shook Bris hand. Calebs cousin was so beautiful, it was difficult not to stare. It mustve been a family trait. 
After shaking hands, Madison ran up to Abby and hugged her legs.
Just call me Bri. Between my cousin and this sweet thing, Bri said, bending down and squeezing Madisons cheeks, all Ive heard about since I got here is Abby this, Miss Abby that. She gave her cousin a teasing smile. Youre right, Caleb, she is gorgeous. 
Holy crap! He told her I was gorgeous?
Caleb cleared his throat. He seemed to do this whenever he appeared to be nervous. Was he blushing this time?
Caleb said, Bri is here visiting for a couple days before leaving for New York, and then Europe. She travels a lot.
How fun. Do you travel for business? Abby asked as Madison grabbed onto one of Abbys hands.
No. Pleasure. Bri smirked, peering down at Madison, a pleased look on her face.



Caleb was stoked that he ran into Abby and Leah. Hed wanted Bri to meet them while she was in town, but he hadnt figured out how to arrange it without it looking too suspicious. Theyd just gotten their bowls of chowder and taken their seats when he noticed Abby starting to fidget. She seemed uneasy. 
Leaning into Leah, Abby whispered something, causing Leahs head to snap to the side before she uttered something in Spanish that sounded like it was probably an insult. 
Calebs eyes followed where Leahs had just left. He took in the sight of a fairly tall, blonde female walking alongside a sandy blond male, and another woman with dark brown almost black hair similar to Bris. 
He recognized the blonde woman. Her son was the boy whod caused Madison so much pain the day of the fire drill. The first time hed encountered her at back-to-school night, shed flirted shamelessly with him and hed had to get downright rude for her to understand that he wasnt interested.
By the similar looks, the guy mustve been Abbys ex-boyfriend hed heard was back in town. He made no assumptions as to whom the other female was until he noticed that she and the guy were holding hands, and then he leaned over to kiss her on the cheek.
Caleb had to help Abby snap out of this. So Abby, whats your favorite chowder here?
She was looking down, defeated, and anger started to boil in his blood. He glanced at Leah who wore her own look of concern. 
Abby, Caleb asked what your favorite chowder was. Leah ran her fingers down Abbys arm.
Her eyes were filled with sorrow as her whispered answer came. I like the corn chowder. 
That forced smile spoke volumes of hurt, and his heart broke for her. He wanted to throw his chair back, pull her toward him, and take all that pain away.  But he had no right to do that.
Because his eyes were on her, he didnt notice when the group approached them.
Hey, Abs. Howve you been? A male voice asked. 
Without thinking about it, Caleb scooted closer to her and put his arm protectively around the back of her chair.
Im fine, Abby answered quietly. She glanced at his sister, who had a phony smile plastered on her face. 
The devious womans eyes glinted as she turned to the female beside Peter and opened her mouth. Oh, you have to meet Peters fianc, Janice. Shes the best sister-in-law a girl could ever ask for. 
Caleb was so close to Abby, he could feel her trembling as she stood and shook Janices hand.
Nice to meet you, she said, her voice sounding small but still present. 
Caleb was so proud that despite the circumstances, she held her own. Abby went as far as to introduce their whole table. Caleb noted that Peters eyes never left Abby, and something in Caleb made him want to pull her down on his lap and claim her in front of this guy whod hurt her so badly. It was an urge that he had to use all his strength to fight. She didnt belong him.
Noticing Calebs arm across the top of her chair, Abby smiled at him before taking her seat again.
Abs, Ive been trying to get a hold of you. Can we talk later? Peter asked, uncertainty covering his face.
No. Im good. Congratulations, though. I hope everything works out for you guys.
That blonde, Tiffany, was glancing between him and Abby. So, when did this happen? Isnt there a school policy against parents and teachers dating?
Leah started to open her mouth when Abby placed her delicate hand on her arm. We arent dating. Our families are close. She motioned to everyone at the table, as though they were part of the same family. To answer your question though, no, there isnt a school policy prohibiting it.
Interesting, Caleb thought to himself.
Im going to take Madison for ice cream, Bri whispered into his ear before leaving the table with her.
Well, now it all makes sense. You do show her favoritism. Tiffany pointed at Madison with a snarl on her face. And apparently you show her daddy some too. She gave a wicked grin.
That was it. Caleb had enough. He grabbed the arms of his chair and threw himself up just as Abby did the same. Now wait a minute, Caleb started to rumble.
Thats enough, Tiffany, Peter said as he started to back away, forcing his group to do the same. Im sorry, Abs, he said with a sad smile, before turning and guiding his group away. 
Caleb wondered what that apology truly meant. There seemed to be much more behind it than what just happened.
Abby plopped herself back onto her seat. Im so sorry, Caleb. Her eyes started to gloss over. 
He sat back down and grabbed for her hand, slightly pulling her toward him. You have nothing to be sorry for. Dont ever apologize for that woman. Please.
I know she does have reasons to hate me, Abby admitted quietly. But she shouldnt have said anything like that in front of you.
Dammit, Abby. Stop that, Leah chimed in. Weve been over this a million times. She touched the table with her pointer finger. You have nothing to feel guilty about and that puta has nothing to hate you for. Shes the problem. Not you.
Its not just her, Abby said. Peter keeps calling me, and I dont want to talk to him. 
Caleb sensed that he was missing a large piece of this puzzle, but he just sat back and listened.
Without wavering, Leah retorted, You have to at some point, or youre not going to get over this.
Not now, okay? Abbys full pouty lips came up to a half smile. Another time. Lets just enjoy the rest of this day, please. She took her napkin and blotted under each eye before sniffing and placing it onto her lap. Ive been looking forward to this chowder for a year.  Taking a spoon full of the creamy goodness filled in her bread bowl, she brought it to her open mouth. 
And now he couldnt stop staring at her mouth. He felt eyes on him and glanced over at Leah, who was smiling like the cat that ate the canary. 
Well damn, he was caught. He had to return the smile before shaking his head and grabbing a spoonful of his own chowder.



 I really like her, Bri said as they entered the house. She slipped her platform heels off and hooked them onto her index finger as Caleb walked past her, carrying a sleeping Madison over his shoulder.
I had no doubt you would. Let me get Madison upstairs. Ill be right back.
Caleb climbed the stairs, entered his little girls bedroom, pulled the covers back, and laid her down. Grabbing her pillow, she snuggled into it. He turned to her dresser, noticing a picture shed drawn and left on top. His eyes filled with tears, and his heart swelled as he picked it up to take took a closer look. There was an angel, an arrow pointing to it that said mommy, and it was floating toward the top. There were three figures standing on green grass below: a man, a little girl, and a woman. Above each of the figures heads was a name: Daddy, me, Miss Abby. 
He couldnt help but smile, but also felt something squeezing inside his chest. Was he giving Madison hope for something he wasnt even sure about yet?
Rubbing his hand over his face, he swiped a tear away when he heard her ask, Daddy, what do you think about Miss Abby being my new mommy? 
Crap. His head snapped up to see her large innocent eyes watching him, hopeful, through her reflection in the mirror.
Well, pumpkin, you have a mommy and Miss Abby is a friend. He placed the picture back on top of her dresser, then looked over his shoulder as he rummaged through her drawer.
But Daddy, I really like her, and shes pretty. Dont you think shes pretty? The inquisitive look on her cherub face nearly broke his heart into pieces.
He grabbed her pajamas. Well, yeah, I think shes pretty, but its more complicated than that, sweetie.
Why? She started undressing as he approached.
Honestly, I dont know why. It just is.
Hmm, one of those growed up things that makes no senses? She threw her balled up summer dress on the floor.
He chuckled, handing her pajamas over to her. Yeah, us growed-ups dont make a lot of senses sometimes, huh? 
She shook her head no as he slipped her nightgown over her head.
Well, you get to sleep. He rustled her hair, then placed a kiss on her forehead. I love you, munchkin.
I love you too, Daddy. Goodnight.
Caleb turned off her lamp, then closed the door as he walked out of her room. Rubbing his face with his hands again, he walked into his bedroom and tried to figure out what he was going to do. This was exactly why he didnt date. He had to consider his daughters feelings above all else. She was his responsibility, and he couldnt screw this up. 
He sat on the edge of his bed, took his shoes off, and tossed them toward the closet. He decided to change into sweat pants and a clean T-shirt before heading downstairs. Just as he hit the bottom stair, Bri came out of the guest room, wearing loose-fitting pants, an enormous T-shirt, and fluffy socks.
Great minds. He winked at his cousin, gesturing at their laid back attire.
So cuzz, tell me more. She pulled him toward the large leather couches, motioning for him to sit with her.
He took a seat and placed his feet on the coffee table. Theres nothing to tell.
I dont believe that for one minute. Pulling her feet under her behind, she swatted his shoulder. Did you see her face when she thought I was someone else? Her poor eyes almost bugged out of her head, and then she took off running. And you couldnt make your attraction more obvious.
I dont know what to do here, he sighed as he rested his head on the back of the sofa. Shes so good with Madison, has the biggest heart and damn is she beautiful.
Yes, but I know you see more. I can read it on your face. You really like her. 
Caleb lifted his head and gave her a defeated look. 
Its okay, she chuckled. Its time. Rene would want that. You know she would. Bri was the third person to tell him this.
He sighed again, unable to rid his thoughts of his daughters well-being. I have to think about Madison and how all of this would affect her.
Yes, you do, she agreed, and Abby sounds like a perfect answer to that. You just said yourself how good she is with her, and Madison obviously adores her. I dont see what the problem is. Her expectant eyebrow shot up at him. 
I dont know, I have to think about it more, thats all. Giving her a sly look, he attempted to divert this conversation away from his confused heart. So, whats going on with you? Why are you leaving again?  
John is taking me to Barcelona.  She didnt appear to be thrilled by this so he pushed for more information.
Because you havent been there before? He gave her a knowing look. Bri was always running away to one place or another, and it worried him.
She scrunched up her face. No. Because he likes me and respects my choices.
Does he?
Yes, Caleb, he does. Hes a nice guy, and our fathers play tennis together.
How romantic, he said sarcastically. You know I worry about you.
Oh, stop. She lightly shoved his shoulder. Not all of us can meet our perfect companion twice in one lifetime.
He ignored her comment. What about Stefen? How is he doing?
Uh, my brother is the same womanizing manwhore as ever. He gets so mad if he thinks someones trying to get me in the sack while he goes around town, sowing his wild oats. Such a hypocrite. She shook her head, feigning annoyance, but the affectionate look in her eyes said she appreciated her brothers concern.
Hell see one day. Stefen cant go on like this forever, Bri, and neither can you. I know our parents and their pretentious world didnt give us the best example of how to be completely healthy, functioning adults, but theres a time to grow up, and you guys need to get to that point.
Bri glared at him. How did we go from talking about your love life to criticizing Stefens and mine? 
Caleb knew she loved him, but he just might be pushing her too far tonight. Im not judging. Im really worried about you guys. Youre always running, Bri, and I dont understand why. You know how much I would love it if youd move out here, close to Madison and me.
I know, but this town isnt for me. I dont mind visiting, but I need to travel, see the world. She brought her legs up to her chest and placed her head on her knees, hugging them.
I think its more than that, Bri. You were fine staying in one place until college. What changed? He sat back further in the couch, waiting for her answer. They were close, and there was no reason for her to keep anything from him.
She shrugged, though her gaze was far away. I just saw that there was a bigger world than the one I was living in.
But theres always a different guy attached to each new adventure, he said carefully. I hope youre being safe.
Her head popped up. Caleb! Please. I dont sleep with these guys. Theyre just fun. Besides, they leave once they realize they arent getting anything more. Her eyes rolled toward him. Thats why there are so many of them, if you must know.
Good to know. The protective side of him breathed a sigh of relief, knowing that she wasnt being taken advantage of. Maybe if you settled somewhere, you could meet someone stable and not just trying to get into your pants. 
His home phone rang just then.
Maybe, she said softly, looking off in the distance. But Im not ready for that yet.
Maybe? Ill take that. He picked up the portable phone on the side table and looked at the caller ID. Speak of the devil. Crossing his legs, he answered the phone. Hey, your ears must be burning. We were just talking about you. Caleb winked at Bri.
I can only imagine the awesome things you must be saying then. Stefens low chuckle came across the phone.
Not quite, Mr. Arrogant. Whats up?
I wanted to talk to Bri before she left, but Im glad you answered. Youre coming out here for Thanksgiving, right?
Damn, thats right. This year its out there, isnt it? He hated going to his parents house for the holidays. There was always a drunken argument about some nonsense. Every. Single. Time.
Yes, and dont you dare try to get out of it, Stefen warned. Its the only way I can get you to bring Madison out here. 
Although he only saw her a couple times a year, Stefen had fallen in love with Madison when he and Bri had to step in to help Caleb out after Rene had died.
You could always come out here, you know? The couch dipped, then flattened again as Bri got up. Caleb whispered, He wants to talk to you in a minute.
She mouthed back, Of course he does. She rolled her eyes on the way to the downstairs guest room.
Stefen spoke again. Nice try, but were working a massive case right now, and its not ending anytime soon. Its one of the most intense cases Ive ever worked, and these people are ruthless. 
Something in his voice made Caleb feel uneasy. Stefen never let a case get him so worked up. He normally acted more conceited about his ability to win them in record time.
Yeah, well be there, Caleb said. Can we plan to stay at your house? I dont want my parents to have the option of offering. Not that they would. He paused for a moment. We wont be cramping your style, though, will we? You know I dont want Madison exposed to your way of life.
Stefen huffed, seemingly offended. Yeah, you can stay, and no, you wont cramp my style. Im working on a sweet girl right now, but this case is kicking my ass, so I can take a break from her until after the holidays.
Caleb just shook his head. He wasnt about to get into it with his cousin again over his womanizing lifestyle, but it still annoyed Caleb. Fine.
Good. Now can I talk to my sister before she leaves the country with that prick? Caleb imagined Stefen puffing up his chest. He didnt even see his own hypocrisy.




Caleb spent the next week trying to process his feelings for Abby, but was still coming up blank. There was no doubt that he was attracted to her and felt extremely protective.  Was that enough though for him to take such a huge risk?
He planned to play everything by ear for now because he didnt want to lead her on if he decided not to act on it. Although he was very concerned about Madisons growing affection for her, he couldnt break his little girls heart by starting something he wasnt even sure he could continue. If Madison wasnt a factor, he wouldve moved forward with Abby months ago. But she was a factor. A big one, and he had to put her first.
Caleb hurried his little girl out the front door, holding in a laugh as he watched her run past him to their parked SUV. One of his favorite things about his daughter taking ballet was seeing the way her little tutu bounced up and down, exposing her cute little behind whenever she moved. Shed been taking dance lessons for the past couple years. Grace had insisted, and he didnt mind, except that all the other little girls moms flirted endlessly with him. These were the same moms from Madisons school, unflatteringly nicknamed the Power Moms. They walked around school in their power sweat suits with sparkly words on their behinds, hooker make up, silicone-filled lips, and never without a latte in hand. 
To most guys, the flirting and innuendoes would be a welcome thing, but he couldnt stand it. Not only did he think it was inappropriate for married women to flirt with him, but even if they werent married, he simply wasnt interested.
It wasnt as pathetic as it used to be, though, once hed gotten the message through to one of the most aggressive of the women at the girls last recital. Her husband had been there this particular time, and Caleb had decided to give her a taste of her own medicine. Hed kept his eyes on her when the husband wasnt looking and made sure she was caught flirting back. He didnt think that plan through too well, though, because her husband had confronted him afterward. Thankfully, he was able to talk the guy down and, the other family ended up dropping out of the class. It sent a much needed message to the other moms.
Caleb looked in the rearview mirror and noticed Madison staring out the window, lost in thought. You awake there, pumpkin?
Yeah, Daddy, just thinkin. 
He smiled at her pronunciation. Oh? What about? 
I just wunnered if Ill ever have a Mommy that can take me to ballet like my friends, and do girl things, thats all. She pursed her lips.
A stabbing feeling cut into his heart. It still amazed him how easily his little girl could innocently yank such strong emotions out of him. Honey, would you rather Grammy take you to ballet because shes a girl?
No, Daddy. She shook her adorable little head. I love when you take me. I just wish I had a mommy to take me too. 
Well, damn. He felt a lump rising in his throat. He wasnt going to be of any use today. Not that she was trying to hurt his feelings. She was just being an honest kid.
They pulled up to the dance studio with plenty of time to spare. Leah caught his eye when she stepped out of the white van theyd taken to her cousins wedding a week ago. Dressed in a thin long red dress used for dancing, she was struggling to carry a few yoga balls.
After parking, he jumped out to offer her help. You need a hand with those?
She looked up, flustered. Oh hey, Caleb. Whatre you doing here? She tried to balance one ball on each hip while holding onto them for dear life. 
He grabbed one, then went back to his car to let Madison out. This little princess takes ballet here. 
Madison jumped out, landing her little feet on the asphalt parking lot.
Hi, sweetie. Leah leaned down a little, offering Madison a tiny wave. Remember me? Im Miss Abbys friend, Leah. We had lunch together at the Chowder Festival. 
A beautiful smile broke out on her little face at the mention of Abbys name. Of course I member you, silly. Do you take classes here too?
Leah chuckled. No, Im here to help some special friends learn how to exercise while they dance.
Madison gave Leah a curious smile. Are they special because theyre your best friends, like Miss Abby? I have two best friends, Casey and Emily. Madison held her interlaced fingers in front of her body, swaying back and forth.
Leah crouched down. Well, they are my friends, but theyre special because they have the biggest hearts. Even though they may look or act different on the outside, they each have their own special powers.
Surprised glee covered Madisons face. Like fairies? I love fairies.
No. These friends have the power to heal other peoples sad hearts because they love everyone no matter what. Most of them have the power to make people think a little harder about what is really important in life.
Taking in an excited breath, Madison turned to Caleb. Daddy, can I meet her friends? She bounced on the balls of her ballet slippers.
Leah grinned up at Caleb. 
Caleb was still surprised to find Leah here but if Madison wanted to meet her students, he didnt see why not. If its okay with Leah, I think it would be fantastic.
Alright, let get inside then. With an extra pep in her step, Leah ushered them into the studio.



Over the next hour, theyd decided to skip out on Madisons class and help Leah instead. Watching his little girl interact with children that society had deemed disabled was overwhelming. The children in Leahs class truly did have remarkable powers. One even wore a red cape with her tutu and leotard. They werent concerned about how they looked, they just followed Leahs lead with unbelievable joy spilling from their souls. 
He smiled the entire time. A few had assistants to help, but for the most part, they followed along to the best of their abilities, including a girl bound to her wheelchair. Caleb learned that Leah taught this class once a month, and that they held their own recital once a year. Madison and he would certainly be participating again.



After walking into his favorite coffee shop, Madison at his side and still in her tutu, Caleb scanned the menu, even though he already knew what he was going to order. Why he did that every time, he didnt know. He was such a boring creature of habit.
The regular barista, Rachael, took one look at Madison and raced around the corner to snatch her up into a hug. Well hello, pretty girl. Did you just come from dance class? 
The only thing that bugged him about going to this coffee shop was knowing Rachael had a crush on him. She was trying to get to him through Madison, and that never sat well with him.
Madison nodded. We helped my daddys friend with her dance class. She teaches super power kids, and shes really pretty. 
A crushed look crossed Rachaels face. He felt somewhat bad that she was making an assumption, but he was also relieved that she thought he might be taken. Hopefully now shed lay off on the flirting. 
Placing their order, Caleb held Madison in his arms and stood by the pick-up counter. Hed noticed a group of women at one of the small tables when he first walked in, but didnt realize who they were until now. 
Damn. More of those sparkly-butt moms. 
He heard them whispering and looking in his direction. Great.
As he grabbed their drinks and headed for the door, he caught some of what they were saying. He put Madison down when they moved over to where the sugar and stir sticks were. Pretending as if he needed something, he concentrated on listening to their conversation. They were talking about Abby and him, and they mustve thought he was gone because their volume increased.
Well, I heard they were making out on Mission Boulevard for everyone in Santa Barbara to see. How disgusting. Shes so homely. If he wanted to explore someones mouth, Id be happy to oblige. 
Caleb shook his head, disgusted. This woman was married. Maybe he was mistaken. There was no way they could be discussing Abby.
Another spoke up. I dont believe that. He would never go for her. Hes way too hot, and shes just so plain. 
Yeah, they were clearly talking about someone else. Letting it go, he picked up his things and looked down at Madison, who was sucking with all her might, trying to get some of her frozen drink through the straw. He snickered and was just about to head toward the door again when he clearly overheard the next statement.
Someone told me they were at the chowder festival together, and her ex-boyfriend showed up with his drop dead gorgeous fianc, and rubbed it in Abbys face. Caleb couldnt keep his eyes off the guys fianc. My source tells me he even asked her out later, in front of Abby. I feel sorry for her. Shes trying to play in a league she just doesnt qualify to be in.
Caleb couldnt hold back any further. While holding Madisons hand, he approached the vultures, struggling to rein in his anger. Id love to know where you get your information from because thats not the way I heard it went down, he simply stated. 
These women pissed him off so much. He couldnt believe they had driven him to have this confrontation in front of Madison. They wouldnt dare continue now, though.
All their mouths dropped open at the same time, their eyes wide on him.
Uh.
Er.
Um.
That was all he got. He nodded, expecting nothing more. You should check your facts before you bring your gossip to the table for others to hear. Afternoon. Caleb tipped his head in a farewell gesture. He normally wouldve added ladies to that, but these were no ladies. They were the epitome of catty bitches, and he wanted nothing further to do with them.



Leah sighed for the thirtieth time. Im telling you right here, right now, Abby, if you dont snag this man, Im going to. As corny as it sounds, he really is dreamy. You shouldve seen him with the kids. Dang, hes so freaking gorgeous too. That smile broke a bunch of hearts. Cynthia was absolutely gaga over him. She kept looking to make sure he was watching her dance. It was the cutest thing. He even let her kiss him on the cheek before she left. I must admit, I was a little jealous. 
Abby knew her friend was egging her on, to take some form of action.
Leah was folding clothes while Abby made dinner, both of them sipping on margaritas. This had become a weekly ritual. Leah didnt own a washer or dryer in her small apartment, so she came over and did her laundry at Abbys.
Abby shrugged, still unsure. 
Well, he isnt making any moves, so you should go for it, Abby said, stirring the pot on her stove. 
As much as that stung, it was true. Abby felt as if theyd shared a moment on the dance floor at the wedding. Then shed felt so overwhelmed when he was ready to stick up for her in front of the Zuckermans at the chowder festival, but she hadnt heard from him in over a week. He hadnt even picked Madison up from school. Grace or Robert had.
Leah rolled her eyes, still sensing Abbys uncertainty. Oh, please, Abby. Hes totally into you. Plus, hes too tall for me. I know most women like their men over six feet, but Im too short for that. You know I prefer mine just under that, Leah explained as she continued to fold her clothes.
Abby pursed her lips to the side. I catch him staring at my boobs sometimes, but thats it. She glanced down at her large chest.  Im used to guys gawking at them.
Girlfriend, I stare at them. Leah laughed. Theyre just soout there. 
Thanks a lot. Abby threw a dish towel at her.
Leah giggled, then shook her head. Well, you may not have caught him staring at the rest of you, but I have, and he knows it. Just wait. Its coming soon. I can feel it. 
It was a romantic idea, but Abby didnt see it happening. From what she could tell, he was still mourning the loss of his wife, and she was still too closed off to allow another guy the chance to hurt her again.



 So Daddy, youre for sure going to come and watch me march in the parade, right? 
Caleb chuckled, wondering when his daughter had gotten so sassy. Or was that sassy? Hed missed a few events at school lately, so he knew where her question was coming from.
Yes, pumpkin. I already told you I was. He was exhausted and knew he hadnt been getting enough sleep, trying to make his deadline. But when his little girl got on his nerves just by asking a simple question, he had to do something about it. They would be hitting the sack as soon as they got home tonight.
Then were going trunk or treating afterward, right? she asked. 
When it gets dark, yes. He clenched his hands, trying not to get irritated. Hed already answered these questions several times. Yep. He needed some sleep. 
Hed never taken her trick or treating in their neighborhood before even though he felt safe in their community, but you just never knew. He preferred taking her through the Halloween event that their local church put on, where they walked the parking lot and people parked and handed candy out from the trunks of their cars. There were also some other kid friendly activities. His mother and father-in-law always joined them.
Okay, so Daddy, the parade is at nine. Miss Abby said we go first cause were the little guys, and they dont want the big guys steppin on us. So, you have to be there right after we get there. 
Son of a bitch!  He was about to lose it.
Im staying right now, he said evenly. I wont go anywhere until after the parade is over. 
Hopefully, that would satisfy her. At the school, every parking spot was taken, so he pulled up to the curb. Once they got out, he gave her one last once over. Shed insisted on this costume and now that he was seeing her in it, he didnt mind the money hed had to drop.
Dont forget my wings, Daddy. 
Reaching in to the backseat, he picked up the huge butterfly wings, hoping she wouldnt knock anyone out with them today. Approaching her from behind, he helped her slide her arms through the elastic bands that held the wings in place.
How do I look? She smiled at him, one tooth missing right in front. Shed lost it a few days ago, and she was the most adorable thing hed ever laid eyes on.
Smiling softly, he felt that irritation drain right out of him. You look like the most beautiful butterfly fairy Ive ever seen. Let me get a picture of you in front of the school. 
They were on the way when a group of cackling mothers passed them. Un-freaking-believable. The sparkly-butt moms were walking in as a group, wearing revealing garments, each sporting large feathery angel wings and high heels, as though they were about to strut their stuff down the catwalk. 
Calebs eyes narrowed on them. Why the hell were they even dressed up? This was a parade for the students.
Look at the pretty angel ladies, Madison pointed out.
He couldnt even fake it. Uh huh, he replied, unenthusiastic. 
He positioned her in front of the manmade banner that announced the parade information, turned her around, and took a couple of pictures. Then the bell rang, and Madison ran toward the gate after giving him a peck on the cheek. 
He grinned, watching her dance away, then his gaze froze. Standing at the gate was the second most beautiful thing hed seen today. Abby was wearing a large tutu, tights, short-sleeved leotard, and ballet slippers. Her hair was pulled up into a tight bun, and she had a little more make up on than usual, including lipstick, which hed never seen her wear before. 
He stared at her for a good couple of minutes before she noticed him. 
She quickly turned away without a smile, or the enticing blush she normally wore when she caught him staring. 
Crap.
He hadnt thought about how she might be feeling by his avoidance while he was busy processing everything, and trying to work his deadline. Now today, hed have to try to get her alone to talk for a moment.



Although she figured Caleb would probably come today, Abby hoped he wouldnt. Shed already resolved to forget about him and didnt know what shed been thinking in the first place. There was no reason for her to have him around, clouding her judgment. Guys broke your heart and didnt give a second thought about it. Just like her father and Peter had. 
No, she wouldnt let Caleb do that to her too, no matter how good he looked in those jeans. Abby bit her lip, thinking about him. Dang it, why did he have to be so scrumptious?
She regretted wearing this outfit Leah had loaned her. When Leah had first said ballerina, itd sounded reasonable. But once shed slipped this outfit on this morning, she realized that not only was the leotard going to be riding up her butt, giving her a wedgie all day, but also the top was super tight. She had to wear one of her smaller bras in order to push her humongous girls in a bit. She had no intention of resembling a porn ballerina.
Gathering all the kids up in their costumes, she caught Madisons outfit. It was gorgeous but looked like it had probably cost a pretty penny. Caleb would probably do anything that little girl wanted, though. Another reason not to go out with him. He was spoiling her rotten, and she was probably going to grow up to be a spoiled brat. 
Yeah, that was it, a strong motive not to pine for this little girls daddy, and a powerful incentive not to allow him to hold her heart any longer than he already had. 
Just when Abby felt certain about her feelings, Madison looked up with her sweet, gap-toothed smile. 
Well dang. 
Abby would probably give her anything she wanted too. Maybe Caleb wasnt so bad.
After herding the kids out in a single line formation, they began to head toward the start line. Something shiny caught her eye as she and the kids approached their assigned area. 
You have got to be kidding me, she thought as her eyes took in the Power Moms, all dressed like the popular lingerie models that put on a yearly runway show, wings and all. 
What. The. Hell? 
How was it appropriate for these women to walk around the school like this? This was not okay. She spotted Principal Hanson, who wasnt looking in her direction, then saw Caleb. 
As much as she didnt want to do it, she called him over.
He came running like a happy little boy, almost looking relieved. 
She spoke to him in a low voice, trying to be discreet. Im sorry to bug you, but I need to go tell Principal Hanson something. I have to have someone stand here with the children. Do you mind?
Of course not. He smiled warmly. Id be happy to wait here with them.
Thanks. She strutted toward her boss, a woman on a mission, and tried not to think about her tutu bouncing up and down as she walked. The leotard started riding up, but she wasnt about to pick her butt in front of this crowd. 
She got Principal Hansens attention and pulled him to the side. Um, why are the Powers dressed like that at school?
Dressed like what? He turned to where Abby was looking. And of course they noticed her talking to him. Damn. This wasnt going to be beneficial for her, but she certainly didnt care right now. Principal Hansen shook his head slightly. Thats not acceptable. Let me go talk to them.
She winced. Can you wait until Im no longer standing here? Its already going to look obvious. Let me step away first? She turned to face the crowd and nonchalantly pulled the piece of material out of her behind, unable to get a good enough grip. It wasnt as unpleasant as it had been, but it wasnt where it belonged either.
Sure. Go join your kids. 
She decided to walk back slowly, so it didnt go up any further. Caleb was watching her every step. She tried to ignore the flames in his eyes, but how could she?
As soon as she reached the kids, Abby was about to tell Caleb he could go back to the audience if he wanted, when Madison said, Miss Abby, your tutu bounces like mine does for dance, and I could see your tushy. Madison turned to her friend. My daddy loves to see tushies under tutus. 
UhhWas it possible for her to crawl under a rock? She didnt know what to say, and she certainly couldnt look at Caleb. 
Suddenly, he laughed out loud. 
What nerve. Its not funny.
Im so sorry, he said, trying to contain himself but clearly failing. I shouldnt laugh. 
His smile wouldnt fade as another chuckle escaped. Then she noticed the circles under his eyes. When was the last time he slept? She moved in a little closer. 
What? he questioned her expression, no longer laughing.
You just look tired. She frowned, wondering what was keeping him from a good nights sleeping.
I am, he sighed. Thats probably why I laughed. Im delirious. Havent slept well in a while. They started marching through the school, kids in tow. Im on a deadline and trying to get everything done ahead of schedule.
She raised an eyebrow, wondering if she should believe him or not. So nothing to worry about?
No. He shook his head. Nothing to worry about. 
Satisfied with his answer, she continued to walk the kids around the school while avoiding eye contact with the glaring Power Moms, whod just been kicked off the playground. She was sure theyd end up being a bigger pain in her butt than the leotard currently riding up.
Without warning, the underwire in Abbys extremely constrictive bra suddenly snapped, stabbing her in the rib. She bit back a groan. Not only did she have a leotard stuck half way up her ass, but now she had to walk around all day with lopsided boobs.
Fantastic.  



Abby couldnt wait to spend this beautiful, early November day at the beach with her friends and family. When her mom mentioned there was going to be a get-together, Abby jumped at the chance to join in. It didnt hurt knowing Caleb was also going to be there. 
Friday afternoon, she pulled up to the curb and stepped out of her car, immediately placing her palms on her thighs to keep her cover up from catching on the wind. Although she was wearing a bathing suit underneath, she wasnt interested in giving everyone driving down Shoreline Drive a show. After gathering her things, she started toward the sidewalk when a car came out of nowhere and parked in front of hers. She knew who it was the second his head poked out. 
No. This is not happening.
Ready to rush away, Abby pulled her beach bag further up on her shoulder and quickly turned on her heels. She had only made it to the edge of the sand when she felt a hand gently grab her elbow. Seeing Caleb and the rest of her party down on the beach made her wish she were with them already. 
She closed and opened her eyes, a deep sigh escaping before she turned to face him. She wanted to get this over with. 
Wait, Abs. I was driving by and saw you and
Irritated, she immediately interrupted him. Peter, what do you want from me?
Your forgiveness. He moved his hand off her elbow and looked deep into her eyes.
I cant do this with you right now. My family is waiting for me.
He squinted his eyes toward the group, near the waters edge. You keep saying youre too busy, Abs, but it isnt healthy to carry around so much hate for someone.
Abby placed her arms across her chest like she did every time she was in an uncomfortable situation. That isnt the most inspiring apology. Get on with your life, and leave me alone. She started to walk away, then turned. She wanted to make her point clear. Remember, my problems are no longer your concern, she said, lifting her fingers to make quotation marks as she walked back toward him. You left me when I needed you, Peter. And I cant forgive you for that. Ive never been so hurt in my life. Not even when my dad left us. Im over you and your so-called apologies.
He winced. Abby, I was seventeen. I didnt know any better. And, yeah, its no excuse, but I know what I did was wrong, and I really need you to forgive me, he pleaded. I dont even know what happened to the baby. One minute you tell me youre pregnant, and the next you left school. Where is my child, Abs? Did you give it up for adoption, or did you He paused a moment. did you have an abortion? There was a bite to his tone, as if he even had the right to ask such a question.
Nice, Peter. Way to make this all better. She backed away, not able to stand there and look at him any longer. Her stomach clenched, and she thought she might be sick. How dare you! Leave me alone, and never contact me again, do you hear me? she shouted, trying to fight back the tears but just couldnt. She ran to the closest bathroom, hoping to compose herself and avoid throwing up.



Caleb watched a heated discussion between Abby and the guy he now knew to be her ex-boyfriend. Not wanting to step over any lines, he held back from charging over and making his presence known. After seeing her dart off to the bathroom, he found his feet moving quickly in that direction, before his mind had a chance to think about what he was doing. By the time he got to the restrooms, Peter was long gone. 
Caleb waited until Abby stepped out a few minutes later. His heart broke when she looked up at him with bloodshot, swollen eyes. 
Damn. Shed been crying. Something inside of him rumbled and stirred. He felt so protective of her and wanted to pummel Peter. Who in the hell gave him the right to make Abby cry? 
Hey, he said softly, pulling her into his chest. Everything okay? 
She sniffled, resting her cheek against his bare skin. Feeling that contact did funny things to his heartbeat. He felt it speed up a bit and hoped she didnt notice.
Yep, everything is fine now. She wiped under her eye.
I dont mean to pry, but what happened? He pulled her away and bent his knees, trying to make eye contact with her, but she avoided looking back.
With glossed over eyes, she stared out toward the water. I was just talking to Peter, you know, Tiffany and Blaines brother. She moved her gaze toward the ground, then took a quick peek at him before looking away again. He wanted to rehash things, and Im not interested. He said just enough to get under my skin, but really, Im okay now. Lets go enjoy this gorgeous weather with everyone. Im tired of letting other people ruin my day. She pulled away, heading toward the ocean.
He quickly grabbed her hand and squeezed. If youre sure youre okay, then lets go have a good time. 
She finally looked at him and smiled sweetly as they walked through the sand.



 Miss Abby, there you are! Madison squealed as she ran up, wearing a little wetsuit. I told Grammy you were going to help me plant another seed today, and she told me lots of portant stuff to help.
Great! Abby said, feeling excited again. I brought everything with me so we can do it when we get back to your house later. 
Caleb had offered to cook for their group at his place, once they were ready to leave the beach. Abby couldnt wait to see the home that he and Madison shared.
Im so ascited. I cant wait! I know why mine didnt grow before, and Im sure this one will. Madison clapped her little hands together and offered a huge full smile, minus that one tooth.
Abby thought that was a strange statement, so she had to ask, You do? Why do you think it didnt grow?
Ill show you later, Miss Abby. The little girl started to run away, toward the direction Caleb had gone a moment ago.
Sounds good, Abby called out. 
There was something so special about that little angel. Abby truly enjoyed all of her students, but this sweet girl tugged on her heartstrings. Her eyes and thoughts left Madison as she noticed the really hot guy by the oceanfront. 
Caleb had his shirt off when he had found her at the bathroom. She hadnt realized it then, she was too preoccupied with what Peter had stirred up, but now she couldnt stop staring. Turning away, she cleared her throat hoping he didnt catch her ogling. 
Though it was hard not to as he carried a surfboard out to the water. Her quick breath surprised her. He was gorgeous, sure, but she hadnt imagined hed looked like that without a shirt on, cut muscles and all. It made sense if he surfed a lot. She just didnt expect her reaction, and holy crap, he had an enormous tattoo of an angel covering his entire back. 
Yes, please, and thank you. 
Abby would love to get a closer look and trace the design with her fingertip. It looked like the angel was bowing and the wings that covered Calebs shoulder blades and ribs were hugging the angel. Shed never been interested in guys with tattoos before, but it just looked so yummy on him. Feeling lightheaded, she tried to catch her breath.
Get a grip, Abby, she murmured to herself, looking away. After realizing that shed been drooling, she looked around and saw Grace turn her head away, a slight smile on her lips.
Busted, she told herself, walking toward the rest of the group.
Grace was sitting in her beach chair and gazing out at the water, while she said, Caleb has taken Madison out on his board with him ever since she was a toddler. 
Oh. It was then that Abby noticed the little girl in front of Caleb on the board as they came in on a small wave. Thank goodness Grace thought thats what she was staring at. 
Nodding at Grace, she stepped away, making her way around to greet everyone. 
With an inquisitive look on her face, her mom said, I thought Leah was coming today.
No, she couldnt get out of the wedding shes working. The bride insisted she come. Abby didnt hide her disappointment. The only part she didnt like about Leahs career was that she had to work a lot of weekends, since weddings were a crucial part of her business.
Thats too bad. I havent seen her in a while. You girls need to come around more often. 
Abby would love this, but her mom wasnt in town a lot lately. And when she was home, she spent most of her time with her husband, Dave.
You travel so much, Mom. How can we see you? Is there a cruise you havent been on? she sadly pointed out.
Her mom only smiled. When you retire from teaching, youll see how wonderful it is to travel without a thought about having to go back to work. 
Her mom had worked many years as a teacher, as well. Although shed loved her job, she enjoyed her retirement even more.
Abby put her things down on the grainy sand and started to remove her modest cover-up. She couldnt believe Leah had talked her into buying this black Robin Piccone crochet one-piece swimsuit. Shed fallen in love with it when she saw it on the mannequin at the department store, but feared her wide hips, larger rear, and ginormous boobs just didnt look right in it. Oh well. She wasnt going to chicken out now. 
She grabbed all the courage she could muster and threw the cover-up on top of her unfolded chair.
Oh my, her mom said, a bit shocked, knowing how modest Abbys swimsuits have always been.
Grace gushed, That is such a darling suit, Abby, and it looks stunning on you. I love the buttons on the hip area. 
Abby could just kiss Grace for using her gift of turning awkward situations around.
Suddenly, Madison yelled, Daddy, are you okay?
Abby mustve missed something, because Caleb was no longer in the water. He was lying face down on the sand with his legs wrapped up in the leash of his surfboard. Sand flew from his mouth as he laughed out loud, eyes closed. Madison joined in, covering her mouth as she giggled. He got up and headed toward their group, wiping the sand off his face and body. 
As Caleb approached, his eyes were glued to Abby. Her heart pounded in her chest. She had to look away because, in this swimsuit, it was obvious that she was breathing heavily.
You okay there, son? Grace snickered as she lowered her sunglasses to the bridge of her nose.
He turned to her and nodded, slightly out of breath. Yeah, just, uh, forgot to take off the leash, and then I tripped on it.
Interesting. Grace smirked. Youve never done that before. 
Caleb eyeballed his mother-in-law, silently conversing with her.
Even though Abby missed it, she had to laugh. It was too funny.



Caleb couldnt believe hed actually face planted in front of everyone. Hed been caught off guard when he came out of the water and saw what Abby was wearing.
I mean, holy shit.
As much as hed been trying to fight it, his feelings for Abby had grown as strongly as Madisons had. The moment he saw her in that bathing suit, he knew that was it for him. He had hardly looked at another woman since Rene died, and he still wrestled with the fact that he shouldnt want a relationship. 
Though, he had to hand it to Grace. She was blatantly orchestrating time with Abby. And Grace had excellent taste. Abby truly was beautiful, inside and out. Now he needed to figure out how to get to know her better before he decided what to do. He wanted to do it on his terms, without the prying eyes of their present company.
Abby broke him out of his thoughts. She was now sitting in one of the folding beach chairs. I didnt know you surfed. It looks like fun. Is that what Madison meant when she said you like to play in the ocean?
Yes. He grinned and nodded, pride filling him. I fell in love with it when we moved to Santa Barbara. Being from Chicago, we dont have a lot of surfing opportunities there. He finally got the leash off and started rubbing a beach towel through his dripping hair. You should try it. I can teach you. He was really going to have to get her away from these nosy old people that were staring at them as if they were watching a tennis match.
Id love that but... She looked down at her outfit. Maybe another day.
That was good because her bathing suit may not have survived a strong wave. Sounds great. 
She smiled at him, using her hand to shield the sun from her eyes. He couldnt hold back his smile.
Hey, son, why dont you take her in a couple days? Its a school furlough day on Monday, right Abby? Grace inquired. 
Caleb bit back a groan. His mother-in-law had no shame.
Abby nodded awkwardly. Um, yeah.
Cautiously, he asked Abby, Monday then?
Madison interrupted before Abby could give her answer. Daddy, is it lunch time yet? Im hungry. She rubbed her wetsuit and sand-covered belly, making a scratchy sound.
Grace waved Madison over. Come over here, baby girl. Grammy will get you some food. 
Once she ran away, Caleb stepped closer to Abby, then crouched in front of her, trying hard to keep his eyes on her face and not roaming down her body. She didnt look like she was going to answer on her own, so he asked again.
Are you busy on Monday? Id love to teach you to surf.
Sounds like fun, she said, somewhat shyly. Id love to. 
Thank goodness. He didnt know how he wouldve reacted if shed said no.
Are you hungry? There are some things in the cooler just for you. He made sure there was food for her. Anytime she was with him, he would ensure she had something. It bothered him that shed said she normally ate before going anywhere because there were never things for her to eat at gatherings.
Abby blinked, surprised. I could eat. Thanks for thinking of me, Caleb, she said softly. 
Wow, just hearing her say his name like that did funny things to his blood pressure. 
She seemed to notice, and a familiar blush crept up her cheeks. I mean, thanks for making sure there was food for me. 
His thoughts about her covered more than just the food she would eat, that was for sure. He just needed to make sure he was ready to travel down this road before acting.
Smiling, he teased, Well, we wouldnt want you to pass out from starvation, would we? 
She stood up, grazing his chest with her hip, and then froze when he stood up beside her. Good, she was just as affected by him. This day was just getting better and better. 



Theyd had an incredible day at the beach and had just wrapped up dinner at Calebs house when Madison came running up to him, wearing her rubber rain boots. Come on, guys. Im ready to plant my seeds. Come over here. 
She pulled her daddy and Abby away from the rest of the group, over to the area in the back yard where she wanted to plant her lima bean.
I think my bean was lonely, she started, so I want to plant two of them together right here, in the ground. Grammy says its portant that roots have lots of room to grow so that theyre strong and healthy. She also said you have to watch for weeds and yank them out right away so that they dont hurt the plants. She made a quick jerking motion, demonstrating the yanking of the weeds. 
Her boots squeaked as she knelt down and dug a small hole.  Sensing the importance of this moment, the adults looked on, and then at each other. 
Now is the most portant part. Grammy said nothing grows without love, so here Miss Abby, kiss the lima beans. 
Abby looked at Madison, then Caleb. She figured she may as well kiss the beans and get it over with. She watched Calebs eyes fixed on her. 
Once her lips left the seeds, Madison placed them into Calebs large palm. Your turn, Daddy. 
He paused a moment, then gave them a quick peck. 
My turn. Madison picked the seeds up from Calebs hand with her delicate fingers, kissed them, and swayed back and forth, as though she was hugging the beans. She said a little prayer, then placed them in the hole shed dug. Now Im going to cover them so theyre nice and warm. She smoothed her hand across the soil, pushing dirt over the gap. I just know theyll grow because theyre happy, loved, and not lonely anymore. Still kneeling, she poured some water over the small dirt mound.
Abby and Calebs eyes met, and something in the air shifted. 
Caleb cleared his throat. I think youre right, sweetie. Everyone needs love and companionship to thrive, he said, never breaking eye contact with Abby. He swallowed and watched her do the same. 
What does thrive mean, Daddy? Madison stood and brushed the dirt off her knees.
Huh? He looked down. Oh, its another way of saying grow.
Okay. Then she skipped off, leaving the dumbfounded adults staring at each other in their ah-ha moment. 



Nervous about the time they would spend together alone today, Caleb pulled up to Abbys small Spanish-style bungalow. There was definitely something extraordinary about her, but that achy feeling in his heart wouldnt go away. Could he really move on without Rene? Would that tarnish his memories and the love that hed committed to forever? 
Grace would quickly point out that the vows were until death do they part, but he still had to sort this whole thing out.
Wearing board shorts, a surfer tee, and flip-flops, he jumped out of his Range Rover and headed toward the door. Passing all the greenery and vibrant flowers, he knocked on her heavy wooden door. A cat approached him and started to rub against his ankles. He remembered how many times Madison had asked for a cat. Maybe he should get her one.
Taken out of his thoughts, he looked up from the cat as soon as he heard the door creak open. There she was, standing in a modest green flowing sundress and flip-flops. Judging by the straps that wrapped around her neck, she also wore a bathing suit underneath. 
Feeling a little awkward, he reached in for a hug and placed a kiss on the side of her face. Man did she smell good, very feminine, but not overpowered by perfume. It was more of a natural scent, her scent.
Youre right on time... Then she looked into his eyes. And a really reliable engine. She started to giggle.
What does that mean? He questioned in a lighthearted manner.
Sorry, one of the hazards about my job is that I know what the kids are watching. Ive seen far too many episodes of Thomas the Tank Engine and thats one of their sayings. She covered her mouth, continuing to snicker as if shed just embarrassed herself. 
Extremely cute. Hed have to remember to make her laugh today.
Ready? He reached down for the bag shed brought to the beach the week prior.
She nodded once. Lets go. Show me your surfing ways, Obi Won. She gave another silly laugh. 
Oh yeah, that giggle was definitely doing it for him.



Pulling into the same spot hed parked in the previous week, Caleb turned off the engine. We can work on this for a couple hours, then grab a bite to eat after, if youd like.
Sounds great. I have to warn you, though, Im really clumsy, so I hope I dont ruin your morning by falling off the board a hundred times. She looked at him with wide, bright eyes.
You wont fall unless I do. Ill be on the tail and Ill pull you up each time. Today I just want you to get the feel of the board and the waves. If you like it, Ill bring two boards next time, and Ill teach you how to stand on your own. 
While explaining this, hed gotten out of the car and opened her door to let her out. Hot Damn. He was going to be on the board with her. Her wobbly legs would never be able to stand with his hands on her.
He reached up to unstrap the board from the rack on top of her favorite SUV, and the hem of his shirt rode up, giving her a sneak peek at the abs that would be so close to her very soon. Yep, she was going down for sure, and taking him with her.
This is the best time of year to surf in Santa Barbara. The waves are incredible. He tipped his head. Not the best time to learn because theyre pretty big, but if you can surf these, you can surf anything. 
He glanced up at her and she had to quickly tear her eyes away. Hed busted her checking him out, again. Man, hed caught her way too many times. 
Do you mind grabbing the wetsuits? he asked with a grin.
Wetsuits? She looked in the trunk.
Yeah, its way too cold this time of the year for a newbie to surf without one. He winked, turning her into a puddle of drool.
I didnt even think about that. She pursed her lips, wondering why he hadnt told her about that ahead of time. Shed had no idea. Now she was starting to panic. What if the wetsuit was way too small? Or worse, what if hed gotten one that was enormous because he thought she was? Or worst of all, what if it was his late wifes? That would be weird. 
He mustve seen the look on her face. I got a couple sizes for you to try. Wetsuits are supposed to fit snug without strangling you. Grab them and you can see which one fits best. 
She sighed. Now she felt like a total moron. 
He went on. All we need right now is the board, suits, towels, sunscreen, and wax. He held up the florescent yellow round hockey puck-looking object. She squinted to read the label. Sex Wax. She felt her face flame immediately. 
This brand works the best, he said smoothly, obviously trying to put her at ease. Theyve been around for a very long time, and honestly, I like the way it smells. 
She was amazed at how quickly he read her body language. In all the time shed been with Peter, he never knew what she was thinking, or what she wanted. 
He nodded toward the trunk with a warm smile. Go ahead and leave your bag in the car for now.
Picking up the items they needed, he carried the long surfboard and led them across the sand. Abby loved the beach, but sand combined with flip-flops was a nightmare, especially when the sand whipped up and smacked her on the butt under her sundress. 
Finding a spot near the shore, Caleb put the surfboard down, then took the suits and towels from Abby. This looks like a good spot. He put everything on the board, took his shirt and flip-flops off, then leaned down to get one of the suits, giving her a better look at the artwork on his back.
That tattoo is amazing. She said it before registering that it was going to come out of her mouth. Oh well, it was already out there. She walked a little closer as he looked over his shoulder and down his back.
Yeah, it took a while to get it completed. I got the first part done just after college. 
She stepped even closer, wanting to reach out and trace each intricate line with her fingertips. 
It started out as a man bowing, he explained. It represented me giving up my old ways and submitting to a better life. Then after Rene passed, I had them add the angel wings and the fallen feathers on the bottom. I think it looks pretty cool, but it also reminds me to keep on the straight and narrow. 
Its amazing. She stepped away when he turned to face her and handed her the wetsuit. 
Here, try this one first. Im not good at judging sizes, so I have another in here too. One of these should fit.
Thanks. She knew she was going to have to take her sundress off eventually but didnt know if she was ready yet. She tried an old high school locker room trick of pulling the wetsuit on under the dress, but she got all tangled up.
Would you be more comfortable changing in the restroom?
No, Im fine. She lied, then watched as he wrapped a towel around his waist and dropped his shorts. 
Holy crap!
She was too busy watching him to realize that her hair had gotten caught in the knot of her sundress, so when she yanked it over her head, it pulled out a few strands. Ouch. 
Caleb turned to her as he struggled to pull his suit up under the towel. His eyes landed right on her chest then rose to her eyes.
You alright over there? He offered a half grin, obviously fighting a chuckle.
Yeah, just got my hair caught. She knew she looked ridiculous, wiggling, tugging, and maneuvering this rubber suit from hell, but when she saw him doing the same thing, she didnt worry. Hed already gotten it to his waist and dropped the towel next to his shorts when she finally got the stupid thing past her hips. She was exhausted by the time she got the entire suit on. How in the hell was she going to last out in the surf?
Here, let me help you. He zipped the suit up slowly while she held her hair out of the way. 
She looked over her shoulder, and he quickly broke eye contact. He went to the board, unwrapped the disc, and started to rub the entire surface of the board. Seeing every muscle in his arms, chest, and stomach contract made her stampeding heart pump faster. 
Caleb peered up at her and explained what he was doing. This helps to keep you on the board. Its kind of a sticky mess, but well worth the trouble. You might want to put your hair up in more of a bun than a ponytail. Not a normal statement coming from a guy, but this one was raising a little girl alone. He probably knew all about different ways to put a girls hair up. 
Standing, he pulled the rest of his suit on, then reached for the zipper and pulled at it. I know it might feel weird, but I need you to stretch and squat. Not only is it necessary to be flexible, but I also need to make sure the suit is okay for you. It should be tight but shouldnt pinch. If it pinches, then we can try the other one. He pointed to the other suit laying on the towel hed placed on the sand. 
She didnt care if it pinched, there was no way she was peeling this thing off and trying to squeeze into another. Feeling awkward, she followed his moves. She stretched and squatted, and it did, in fact, pinch. 
Whatever. 
Here, put this on your face. He handed her a bottle of sunscreen. It isnt too sunny yet, but it will be soon enough, and itll reflect off the water. Youll have a nasty burn later if you dont cover up. 
She had no idea where hed produced the small tube from, but she applied the cream as he instructed her to.
Ready to go, they stood on the shoreline and looked toward the waves. There was no other aroma in the world like the ocean. Although it could be a bit offensive at times, today the sea tantalized her senses, calling out to her. The sun was peeking through the clouds, just enough to cause a glare on the water out in the horizon. 
Abby squinted as Caleb pointed out the different types of waves. He also explained they would need to steer clear of the locals. They had no patience for newbies.
He threw her an excited grin. Ok, you ready to go in?
She let out a breath. As ready as Ill ever be. 
They walked into the ocean, and it started to beat against her body as if fighting her. 
Caleb reached for her waist and pulled her toward the board. Here, lay down on it, and Ill guide you. 
She lay down on her tummy, her head close to the top. Caleb came to the side and instructed her to bring the board down in the front when a wave hit, otherwise shed flip over. It seemed simple enough, but actually doing it was a little more challenging, so she kept eating it. Salt water went up her nose and in her mouth, causing her to choke.
Pull yourself up as far as possible, so I can maneuver myself onto the back. 
Crap, he was going to be at eye level to her butt. The only good thing about that tight wet suit was it fit like a whole body girdle. Everything was squeezed together, so maybe her rear didnt look as large as it actually was. She pulled herself up but kept her legs straight, which left no room for Caleb. 
Uh, Abby? Do you mind moving your legs to the sides of the board so I can get on with you? 
Her heart was pounding at lightning speed now. Maybe she shouldnt have come today. Too late now. 
She slowly separated her legs and dangled them from either side. Great, now her butt was right in front of his face. She felt them start to move forward a little quicker, and his hands grabbed the sides of the board, right next to her. There was no way she was going to look back.  
You okay up there? He snickered, way too happy with himself.
Yep. Super. She couldnt quite hold back the sarcasm.
Well go out further to where the waves arent breaking yet, so you can get a feel for balancing.
They stopped a few moments later when he jumped off and swam to the front where she laid, belly down, squinting at him. 
Scoot up to a sitting position and go toward the back. 
She sat straight up while he held onto the nose, and then climbed on himself so that they were facing each other.
As she took in the scenery around them and gorgeous man in front of her, Abby decided that there wasnt anywhere else she would rather be today.



After teaching her about balance, pulling her up to stand several times, and fighting the large waves that pulverized them, they were both exhausted. Caleb brought them back to the flat area where the waves didnt break, and there they sat out in the middle of the ocean. 
He couldnt help but feel the majesty of it all. He remembered sitting out in this same spot, crying out in pain over losing Rene. He also remembered the healing powers hed experienced out here too.
Its beautiful, Abby breathed, probably feeling it herself. Ive never felt so much peace before. I see why you enjoy surfing. Well, maybe not the actual surfing and eating it part, but this part for sure. Abby closed her eyes and inhaled the salty air deep in her lungs, and he couldnt take his eyes off her. 
I love it out here, he told her. I dont know what I wouldve done without this. He raised both arms and motioned all around them once she opened her eyes. 
After Rene died He looked down, not sure if it was appropriate to talk about her. This was all too new for him. When exactly do you talk about your dead wife to the girl you have your eye on? Im sorry. This is such an uncomfortable subject.
She smiled softly. Im fine talking about her if you are. She was obviously a vital part of your life and Madisons. Where did you meet?
Looking up to see if she honestly was interested or just being courteous, he saw that she was eager to know. College. I found myself headed down the wrong path, and she took the time to help me turn around. Putting aside the fact that she was my wife, she was one of the most incredible people you could ever know. She saw the good in everyone. There were many times I wondered why she even gave me the time of day.
Im sure she felt lucky to have you as well. Abby leaned a bit forward so she could grab onto the sides of the board in front of her.
Maybe, but not at first. I was the kind of guy you dont take home to your parents, but she waited patiently for me to change. There are so many things Im thankful for that she did for me, but that is one of the biggies.
He took a breath and went on. She made me strong enough to stand up to my family. It was expected that after my cousins and I all graduated from Cambridge, we would work at our fathers law firm, and then take over someday. Instead, I found a love of writing while still in school, and Rene encouraged me to explore it. I sold my first couple of novels while in college. He remembered how pissed off his father and uncle had been.
I didnt realize you were going to be a lawyer, but it makes sense because youre so knowledgeable about the law in your books. What a great opportunity to have someone in your life that encouraged you not only to follow your dreams, but also to support you along the way. She mustve learned that from her parents. They sure are amazing people. When did you finally meet them?
She insisted I meet them before she would date me. Theyre amazing, but I couldnt imagine Madison bringing someone like the old me home. Caleb would beat any son of a bitch that tried to take advantage of his daughter. Just the thought of it made his throat burn like acid.
How long has she been gone? Although she stared intently at him, seeming genuinely interested, she almost looked as though she was afraid she was meddling. But he would answer any of her questions.
Looking out to the horizon, he answered with a constricting pain in his chest. Four years. She died right after Madisons first birthday. Not one single day passes that I dont wish she was still here. He spoke the last bit more to himself. After she passed, her parents were my rock. They, as well as my cousins, Stefen and Bri, helped take care of Madison when I just couldnt get out of bed. I started surfing again and felt better. Something about being out here is so soothing. After about six months, I threw myself into writing again and published more books that year than Ive been able to since. I dont think they were my best, but for some reason, a couple of them are favorites for a lot of my fans.
She perked up. Are any in the Unlawful Encounters series? Those are what Ive read, and I thought they were fantastic.
Taking a deep breath, he figured now was an appropriate time to bring up something hed wanted to ask her after theyd replanted Madisons lima bean last weekend. Yeah, I actually have a meeting with a production company that wants to make them into movies.
Her eyes lit up. They would be fantastic movies. You know when you read a book, and you can tell if theyd be good movies or not? Well, those would be awesome. She smiled brightly again. 
Boy, she really did like reading.
He chuckled lightly. The meeting is next week on Saturday in LA. I hate driving in traffic so I plan to leave Friday before rush hour, and then come back on either Saturday or Sunday. The production company is covering the hotel cost. I have two rooms, but my manager isnt interested in staying. He was really nervous now. This was a big deal. Id rather not drive by myself. Would you like to join me?
Abby looked dazed, her mouth open.
He rushed to remind her, Like I said, you would have your own room. We could go out to dinner on Friday, and then come home after my morning meeting...or we could stay another night, and then come home on Sunday. 
Crap. What if hed just put himself out there and she said no?
She was quiet for a moment. Thats a generous offer, Caleb. Id love to go to LA. Its been a while since Ive been there. Can I think about it and get back to you? She bit her lower lip, and he knew this translated to: let me ask my best friend if she thinks Im crazy for going out of town with you.
Of course. Just let me know in a couple days so I can have them reserve the right amount of rooms. This was good. She wasnt a fly by the seat of her pants kind of girl, and he appreciated that. Plus, she didnt say no. 
Just then, her stomach started to rumble, and he chuckled again. Lets head back. Sounds like we need to feed you. 
Then she did it again. She giggled. He was falling in love with that sound. Wait falling in love? No, more like he was really enjoying that sound.



Abby didnt enjoy the weekly teachers meetings she was required to attend every Wednesday afternoon, but it sure beat the ones they used to have after school on Fridays. The staff agreed as a whole at the beginning of the year that they would much rather give up an hour and a half midweek and enjoy their half-day schedule on Fridays. She plated some fruit and a croissant that the parents so graciously provided for them each week, then took her seat between her co-teacher, Melissa, and one of the sixth grade teachers, Sofie. 
Abby was convinced Sofie was on staff for the benefit of the men who worked there. She wore tight skirts, heels, and silk blouses every day. What teacher dressed like that? The poor prepubescent sixth grade boys probably struggled through their days just to concentrate on their work.
Moving her jet-black, bobbed hair behind her ear, Sofie moved in closer to Abby. So, are all the rumors true?
What rumors? Abby placed a forkful of fruit into her mouth.
Dont play coy, Abby. You and Caleb Hunter.
Coughing as the juice from the fruit shot down her throat, Abby looked wide-eyed at the sex kitten sitting next to her. What?
Theres talk going around. I, of course, am curious because theres been similar talk about me many times. Sofie had her legs crossed, her heel swinging up and down, showing how intrigued and eager she was to hear Abbys answer.
Well, I dont know why. She coughed a couple more times to clear her throat. Were friends. Can I not have friends outside of school?
Man. This was going to suck. She really liked Caleb, and now she was about to go away for the weekend with him. She didnt want to deny their relationship, but there actually wasnt a relationship. Yet.
Sofie blinked her long lashes. Not hot father friends that the Power Mamas are obsessed with. Im telling you this as a friend. I know a lot about catty women. Either back away from him, or cover your tracks better. These moms have their claws exposed and are out for blood. Most of them have been trying to get his attention since school started. Even I noticed that. She rolled her eyes up and shook her head. You cant blame them though. Hes one magnificent-looking man.
Abby didnt consider this woman to be her friend, but she imagined Sofie knew what she was talking about. Abby had witnessed firsthand the attempts of the power moms. Even the married ones, as though they were in competition with each other. Those kinds of women gave all women a bad name.
Thanks, Sofie. She smiled tentatively. At this point, Caleb and I really are just friends. They may always be friends, so she didnt want to fret over something that hadnt even happened.
Well, Im rooting for you, sugar. Sofie patted her leg, then gave her a pointed look. Just watch your back, especially since they know youre the one who got them thrown off campus on Halloween. Those women are vicious. 
Abby gulped, recalling Sofies own experience with these women when shed first started teaching. Quite a few fathers were suddenly interested in helping out in Sofies classroom and, not long after, rumors about her had started. As much as Abby tried to avoid all gossip, unfortunately, shed heard the rumors anyway.
Abby only offered nod and small smile, but she couldnt ignore this feeling like this might just be the calm before the storm.



 I still dont see why you didnt tell him yes when he asked. Granted, you finally did get around to it, but still. Leahs dress glided along her sides as she strolled alongside Abby through the open air mall. 
For a Thursday night, the place was crowded, forcing them to walk close together so they could hear each other over the noise and chatter.
I knew you were going to say that. Abby shook her head. I didnt want to seem desperate. I like him. Im afraid of messing it all up by seeming too eager. 
Hes been out of the game for a long time, Leah pointed out. He wouldnt think you were desperate by saying yes. Hes the one that asked the question. Leah threw her a hello, isnt it obvious look.
Theyd already passed by several restaurants and shops that had caught Abbys attention, but this wasnt her favorite place to hang out. Unlike Leah, Abby didnt enjoy shopping, outside of antiquing. She especially dreaded shopping from November to January. 
Halloween was only last week, and now Christmas decor adorned everything, shop windows and the walls in between. Even little twinkle lights were already hanging from the mini trees. Abby wasnt sure when the trend had changed, but the decorations started making their way all over downtown Santa Barbara in late October. That just seemed a bit much to her.
She did have to admit that it was a beautiful evening to be outdoors, and once Leah scratched that shopping itch, theyd be able to go to dinner. That was definitely something to look forward to. 
A salesman from one of the kiosks suddenly sprang in front of them, ready to squirt whatever lotion he was trying to sell that was sure to change their lives. Leah wasnt having any of that. 
Uh-uh, buddy. Do not spew that crap on us. We arent buying. They both hated when that happened.
The guy gave them a disappointed frown, but was grinning and about to pounce moments later on his next victim. 
Abby continued their conversation as they walked on. I know he asked me, but Im freaked out about the rumors at school. What if he hears about them, and it scares him off? She looked down at her jean capris and familiar canvas shoes, watching her feet move as she wallowed in her thoughts, worried Leah was going to tell her off for thinking like that.
He doesnt associate with the power bitches, so how would he hear about what theyre saying?
Abby shrugged. I still dont need that added drama at work though, regardless if he hears or not. Ugh, I dont know if this is even worth it. I should just tell him I cant go.
Dont you dare, Leah warned, pointing her finger at Abby. You already looked up the policies, and there is nothing in there about parent/teacher relations. Plus, youve already told him youre going. Dont let this man slip through your fingers. Hes one of the good guys, Abby, and you deserve him. 
Leah made it sound so easy, and Abby wanted to believe her. Caleb was one of the good guys, that was obvious. 
She sighed. Well, I dont know about deserving him, but yeah, I agree. Abby glanced around at all the hubbub. She didnt understand the appeal. I hate the mall. How did I let you talk me into this? 
Leah threw her a smirk. Nice subject change, but if I can go to all those stinky antique shops with you, you can certainly brave coming to the mall with me. Ooh! Lets go in here. Leah headed into a popular lingerie shop.
Of course, Abby grumbled. If Im shopping with you, I should know that the panty store is on the agenda. She shuffled into the store, moping, but her canvas shoes didnt offer the sound effect shed hoped for, especially outdoors.
This isnt for me, this time. Leah raised an eyebrow. You need new underwear, my friend. Those granny panties have got to go. I need therapy after seeing the contents of your drawer that one night. What twenty-five year old wears those kinds of panties? Leah actually looked offended. Why would Abbys choice of underwear offend her?
Theyre comfortable, she defended. And I dont want anything else. It was much easier to go into those large warehouse stores and grab an eight pack of undies, than to come into these stores that had a drawer for each style and color of underwear. She liked her comfy old faithful white cotton briefs.
Youre about to spend a weekend with a gorgeous man. Believe me, you dont want to be wearing those oversized chonies.
Abby let out a nervous chuckle. Im not letting any man near my chonies, so you dont need to worry about that. 
Good. Leah nodded once, lifting up a pair of pink lace things. You shouldnt, but just knowing youre wearing pretty ones is empowering. Trust me. Itll help build your confidence.
Was she serious? Underwear will change my confidence level? Abby asked, disbelieving. Youve gotta be kidding me. Abby noticed the sales girls starting to hover around them, as if they knew what she wore under her clothes. Wait, could they see the elastic band showing above her capris? She felt between her top and bottom. Nope. Not this time at least.
Thats because you wear ugly ones, Leah snickered. Come on, lets get you set up. Leah turned to the girls waiting to help them. Panty emergency. Show us all the pretty, non-thongs you have. 
Abby let out a silent breath. Well, at least Leah spared her a little embarrassment.
After Leah felt satisfied that shed solved Abbys panty debacle, they left the store and headed over to the chain restaurant at the end of the mall. This one served soup, salad, pasta dishes, and incredible specialty pizzas. Abby couldnt wait to bite into her favorite vegetarian pizza, covered in several types of cheese and various vegetables.
About halfway through the mall, she noticed a familiar smiling face approaching them, and she cringed. Quickly, she looked around for a shop she might be able to hide in. She loved living in Santa Barbara, but it always seemed you couldnt go out your front door without running into someone you knew. Normally, she wouldve loved running into this particular person, but not while carrying a bag full of panties.
As she heard Calebs deep voice, she realized it was too late. Her opportunity to escape had passed. Hey, Abby. Leah. He nodded to each of them, smiling. Are you eating or shopping this evening? Find anything interesting? He glanced down at their bags.
Abby felt her cheeks heat as she discreetly hid the hot pink lingerie bag behind her back and hoped it was out of sight. No way was she telling him what theyd found. She knew what he would probably think, that she was buying sexy lingerie before their weekend away together.
The motion of hiding her purchase only drew more attention to it as his eyes zeroed in on the bag. It felt as if it had a neon sign flashing and pointing, saying, Sexy underwear. She has sexy underwear in this bag.
Its Leahs, Abby blurted, shoving the bag into Leahs arms, and fumbling to untwist the handles from around her fingers.
Caleb looked at the label across the front of the bag, and then snapped his eyes back to Abby. His eyes had darkened, and she was trapped in his lustful gaze. 
Oh my!
Leahs all-knowing voice broke through their trance. Looks like you got some new cologne from the department store, Caleb. 
They both turned to find Leah smirking and looking at the bag that he was holding. From the corner of her eye, she saw Caleb winking at Leah in response.
Heat now flushed through her whole body, and she looked back down at her feet to conceal it. She really needed to learn to control it, or at the very least mask her emotions when he was around. Maybe these new un-granny panties were a brilliant idea after all, because she could use all the extra confidence she could get around him.
We were actually just heading home. Im really tired, and need to get all the rest I can for this weekend. Realizing what shed just said, Abby rushed to correct herself. I mean, I dont want to be tired, and knock out on you during our drive tomorrow. 
Caleb watched her, and then glanced at her mouth as hed done so many times before. Did he know he was slowly killing her every time he did that?
Oh? I thought we were going to eat some pizza over there. Leah pointed toward the restaurant with the hand holding Abbys pink bag. It dangled from her wrist in the air for all to see. Leah was really enjoying herself during this humiliating interaction.
No, I really just want to head home now, Abby said between gritted teeth. Leah would pay for this later.
Okay, well I wont keep you then. Caleb looked at Leah, and then turned toward Abby. Ill pick you up at three tomorrow, if that still works.
Abby bit her lower lip and rocked her hips slightly back and forth. Uh-huh, sounds good.
Okay, Ill see you tomorrow then. Bye, ladies. He raised his hand and turned to walk into another shop.
Once he was out of sight, Abby decided it was the perfect time to smack Leahs shoulder.
Ow. Leah rubbed her shoulder with that same damn hand holding the underwear bag. What the hell was that for?
Are you kidding me? Abby shook her head. That was so embarrassing. I dont want to eat with him and our underwear bags. You practically swung them under his face.
Calm down. Leah laughed softly. Everyone wears underwear. You have to buy them at some point.
Yeah, but you dont know what hes thinking. Its a lingerie store, Leah. 
Leah sighed, realizing she had upset Abby. Really, amiga, there are worse things he could be thinking about than wondering if the woman hes got his eye on is buying lingerie for the hot weekend. She snickered.
Abby groaned and smacked her again. Damn it, now Im going to be freaking out.
Yeah, because you werent freaking out about already, right? Leah snickered, working some ninja moves to avoid a third shoulder smack.       



After getting home from work, Abby set her packed bags by the front door, then found herself nervously pacing back and forth across her living room. Caleb wasnt going to pick her up for another two hours, and her tummy was already doing flip-flops. If she kept this up, she was going to wear a hole in the wood floor. 
Shed never gone away with a man for a weekend before, and although this was an innocent trip, shed developed such strong feelings for him already. She was afraid of making the wrong move, or doing something that would turn him away. She was driving herself crazy and needed to do something productive. Grabbing her things, she got in her car and headed over to Leahs shop to see if she could be of any use there.
The recognizable chime at the entrance sounded as she stepped inside. Leah appeared from the back, carrying a beautiful arrangement of her favorite flowers. Different shades of pink, yellow, and orange puffy Pincushion Proteas were spilling out of the clear vase. She was all too familiar with these flowers, thanks to her best girlfriends love for them. Abby had even taken the drive with Leah several times, all the way down to the growers in Fallbrook.
The floral aroma permeated the air. Abby enjoyed coming in the shop for the smell alone. Hey, chica, not that Im complaining, but whatre you doing here? Leah placed the vase on the countertop.
I just wanted to see if you needed any help since I have a few spare hours. Abby hoped Leah was buying her reason.
Im actually good, but you can hang out if you want. Then Leah squinted one eye and placed a hand on her hip. Why are you really here? Are you nervous? If I were you, Id be going crazy right now. She smirked.
Abby scowled at her. Thanks for the pep talk, amiga. She emphasized the Spanish word.
Leah laughed. You know I love you, and Im only giving you a hard time. Stop with the nerves. Hes totally into you, and youre into him. Everything will fall into place, just as it should.
Well, Im trying not to get my hopes up. I cant imagine him ever giving me more than friendship, and I guess I can live with that. I dont know that Im worthy of him anyway, she held a hand up, and before you start with the real pep talk, you know what Im talking about. I mean hes perfect. I know he said he wasnt a great guy before, but I just cant imagine him ever doing a bad thing in his entire life. She felt her worry line deepen on her face.
Abby, nobodys perfect. Leah sighed. You know that as much as I do, so stop. He may have evolved into one hell of a man Leah winked. But, as he said, he has his skeletons. No guy that good-looking has a completely squeaky clean past.
Would you stop talking about that? Hes so much more than his looks. He has the best heart. Oh, and hes the most incredible dad. She stared off to the side, a dreamy look on her face.
Then she gulped. Shed fallen hard for him already, and it shocked her a little.
Leah frowned. Wow. You have it even worse than I thought. Youre in love with him, arent you? 
What? No! Abbys expression said one thing, but her heart said something entirely different.
Sweetie, youre completely in love with him. Your face says it all. Leah reached for Abbys hand that rested on the countertop, rubbing her knuckles with the pad of her thumb.
Defeated, she looked down at the table behind Leah, where a variety of cut flowers laid. Yes. Im in love with him. I didnt want to say it because then its real. I dont want to love him. What if he never loves me back, Leah? Ill be devastated.
What if he does? Leah smiled and raised her eyebrows.
I dont know what to do with that either. Hes everything I could ever want in a man. But how could he ever care as much for me as he did Rene? I would always be second to her, and I dont know if I could deal with that.
Leah nodded and exhaled. Well, let me tell you what I see as an outsider. This perfect man has been struggling because he does have feelings for you. Honestly, its even more obvious on him than on you. Hes completely gaga over you. Its a tough situation with Rene in the mix, but I believe he can, or already does, love you the same if not more than Rene. He was young when they got married. Hes a man now, and hes been through hell and back. He can offer you more mature, deeper feelings than he ever couldve offered Rene.
Abby blinked. Where did that come from? That was pretty insightful.
Leah gave a proud grin. Mostly from me, but Grace and I have had some conversations too. We both see it, and we cant wait for you two to make it official.
Great, you guys are talking about us? Abby had already suspected these ladies spoke often.
Um, yeah, Leah admitted, though she looked like she was hiding something.
Abbys eyes narrowed. Why do you look so guilty, Leah? What did you do? 
Nothing. She quickly shook her head, then said hesitantly, Grace may have orchestrated some of your chance meetings, but I didnt do anything except maybe tell her where you would be at times. You didnt really think you ran into this hot guy all the time on your own, did you? She snickered loudly.
Abbys eyes stayed narrowed, though she felt a smile playing at her lips. You guys are quite the team, arent you? Quite the sneaky team.
Well, forget that now. Leah waved a dismissive hand. The bottom line is that you guys are crazy about each other, and if its meant to be, this weekend will move you closer together.
Or it will solidify our friendship. She had to be prepared for this as well.
Let the cards fall where they may, my friend. Just dont smell your underarms in front of him, okay? Leah hooted loudly and smacked the countertop.
Stop, Abby laughed. I changed deodorants. Im good.
Dont forget those panties we just bought too. Leah pointed at Abby, as if scolding her for already packing her white cotton briefs.
Abby squared her shoulders with complete confidence. Im ready to go. Dont worry your pretty little head about my underwear.



Filled with nervous energy, Caleb pulled up to Abbys house at three p.m. sharp. This weekend would be his deciding factor. It would be the longest time theyd spent alone, and he was going to dive in and discover every little thing he could about Abby Sullivan. 
He strolled up to the wooden door and knocked. Abby opened it, and the sight of her nearly knocked him over. She stood before him in a pair of dark jeans, a silky blouse, and heeled sandals, her hair cascading down her shoulders. Her bright eyes stared back at him, probably wondering why he was gawking.
Uh, you ready to go? He was shocked hed been able to put a few words together, let alone a complete sentence.
Yeah, let me grab my bag. 
She bent down to pick it up, and Caleb stepped in, taking it from her hand. He got a whiff of what he assumed was her shampoo and nearly tackled her right there. She smelled so good. He was sniffing her like hed caught her doing to him at the zoo.
He cleared his throat. Let me take that for you. 
Putting the strap over his shoulder, he led her outside before he pounced on her. He stood next to her, examining her beautiful skin as she locked the door. She caught him when she turned to walk to his car, and his favorite beet red color appeared on her cheeks. They hadnt even left yet, and he was hopelessly staring at her.
Fantastic.
Placing his hand on her lower back, he directed her to his car. Man, how was he going to handle being in this small space with her for the next couple of hours? He opened her car door, and she slid in while he packed her bags in the trunk. He took a deep breath of ocean air before entering the car himself.
Hopefully we can beat some of the traffic. He started the engine and pulled onto the street.
Shyly smiling, she looked out the window, as though shed never seen the scenery of her driveway before. She must be as nervous as he was. Which was good. He hoped he wouldnt be the only one making a fool of himself this weekend. It also wasnt good though, because he wanted her to be comfortable with him.
What kind of music do you like? His right hand rested on the shifting knob, just under the radio controls.
Most music. Leahs a dancer, so shes exposed me to different styles.
I know. He smiled, remembering. We saw her at the studio last month. It made sense because she has a dancers body. Well, not that Im thinking of her body, or actually have taken notice of it, I mean... He was digging a bigger hole with every word he said. 
She started giggling, his new favorite sound.
Thats okay, I know what you mean. She smiled, and then rested her hand on top of his to reassure him. He was enjoying the feel of her soft skin on his, but she pulled her hand back far too soon for his liking.
Okay, so whos your favorite singer or band? He wanted that touch back, but didnt want to push her.
I love Colbie Caillat and Nora Jones. 
He could live with that. Colbie Caillat it is, and some Nora Jones afterward. He searched through his satellite radio stations while they sat at a red light.
They entered the freeway, and both traffic and conversation remained light during their two hour drive. He didnt want to scare her off with heavy questions. There was plenty of time for that stuff this weekend.



They pulled up to a fancy hotel just before five, and the butterflies started to dance in Abbys tummy again. Even though they were staying in separate rooms, she was still checking into a hotel for the weekend with a man. And a hot man she was in love with, no less. She started to get her bags when Caleb pulled her by the elbow. Oh, the feelings that erupted in her body when he touched her.
Lets go check in first.
They stood in line, and she glanced around at the crowd. She loved Los Angeles. The people in L.A. had such a distinctive facet to them. A tall, platinum blonde stood with her hands on her waist, gawking at Caleb then Abby, probably wondering what the heck Caleb was doing here with such an ordinary woman. 
Well, maybe she didnt like the attitude of everyone in L.A. This woman wasnt even hiding the disgust on her face while checking Abby out. Abby turned her back to the woman because she couldnt take it anymore.
Everything okay? Caleb asked, concerned.
Oh, fine, she lied, not wanting to come off as some insecure little girl.
He didnt look convinced. You sure? 
Shake it off, Abby. You dont even know that woman. Inhaling through her nose and then puffing out through her mouth, she fibbed again, Yeah, Im fine. Really.
Walking up to the registration desk, Caleb gave the clerk all the necessary info to check them in. The two room key cards were handed over to Caleb. As they turned to get their bags from his car, Abby saw that the feline, and a couple other women who had joined her, were shooting daggers with their eyes. 
Feeling her bottom lip begin to quiver, and tears welling up in her eyes, she ducked her head, not wanting to give those bitches the satisfaction of seeing their effect on her. What the heck was their problem anyway, and why am I letting them get to me? I must be PMS-ing.
Caleb noticed her demeanor change and turned her body to face him. He bent his knees so that he could see her eyes, worry covering his face. Abby, whats wrong? What did I miss?
She didnt want those women to see that theyd gotten to her, but Caleb deserved an explanation. Im just being sensitive. There were some girls giving me snotty looks, thats all. I dont know them, so Im not sure why I let them get to me.
Where? He craned his neck around, searching the room.
She looked at him, tears still threatening to fall. Behind me. Blonde. All of them.
His eyes zoned in on whom shed referred to. Damn it. Im sorry, Abby. Lets go to the car. He wrapped his arm protectively around her waist and guided her outside.
She kept her head turned toward him as they left the hotel. He pulled their bags out of the car and handed the keys to the valet.
Come on, lets go to our rooms, and Ill explain along the way.
She was confused. What did he have to explain? I can get my bag, Caleb.
No, Ive got it. Lets just get inside. His disposition seemed to alter.
They strolled through the lobby on their way to the elevator. As Abby scanned the room, she felt confident that the girls werent waiting for them. Caleb and she made it to the elevator, got inside, but just when she thought it was clear, the cluster of women stopped the closing doors and entered. Abbys heart started to pound fiercely when Caleb turned her body to face him before drawing her into his torso. This was quickly becoming her favorite spot to place the side of her cheek. She heard and felt his heart beating rapidly.
Caleb, the blonde ringleader seductively sang.
Paisley. Hearing his voice rumbling through his chest prompted Abbys eyes to grow wide. Oh, crap. He knows this vixen.
Its been a long time, lover. Paisley emphasized the last word, ripping a hole in Abbys heart. Had he slept with this woman before? In an attempt to keep tears from springing loose again, Abby closed her eyes.
Thats enough, Paisley, he grumbled.
Surely your little mousey woman here knows about you, right? The venom in this womans words burned like acid.
Stop, Pay. My past is just that. I live another life now, he informed them with complete confidence.
She threw him a smirk. Well, Im in room three-oh-nine if you get tired of Sandra Dee here. I can make you remember how much fun we had before you got so boring. She started to slip her room key into Calebs back jean pocket. 
What the? Abby had had enough.
Grabbing for the key card, and straightening her back, Abby faced the tramp. He said that was a long time ago. Give your key to someone whos interested in a cheap tramp. 
Abby flicked the key card at Paisleys stunned face. The plastic smacked her forehead before hitting the floor. The women with her wore the same expression. They were probably used to dishing crap out, and not prepared to receive anything in return.
The door opened to the third floor. Abby rotated so that her back was in a protective posture directly against Calebs front. She would gladly claim this man any day. This is your floor, correct?
The women got off the elevator without picking up the key, and Abby exhaled loudly as soon as the doors closed. She hadnt looked at Caleb yet, and sidestepped away from him. When she felt brave, she finally took a brief glance and found him smirking.
Im sorry. She grimaced. I dont know where that came from. I never retaliate. Though she knew exactly where that had come from. Caleb was being harassed. There was no way Abby was going to let that woman stand there and demoralize the man that shed fallen in love with.
No, Im the one that should apologize. You shouldnt have been subjected to her. Im impressed, though. You know how to handle yourself. His expression said that he was more than impressed. She really hoped that was true.
She let out a soft chuckle. I was channeling my inner Leah. I cant believe the nerve. She just shook her head as the elevator doors opened to their floor.
His low chuckle matched hers. Well, remind me not to make you mad. He led her out of the elevator and down the hallway toward their rooms.
Who was she anyway? she asked, even though she didnt really want to know.
My past, he simply answered.
Was your girlfriend?
Not exactly.
Oh. She didnt even want to know what he and that woman had done together. Her imagination was pretty active, and she didnt need him to confirm her thoughts.
He stopped at a door. Well, this is you, and Im next door. We can drop off our bags, I have to make a few calls, and then we can go to dinner if you like, say in maybe thirty minutes?
Sounds wonderful. Im starting to get hungry. She opened the door and grabbed her bag from him, brushing her fingers along his shoulder. See you in thirty?
He stood at her door, much as he had when he first picked her up. Although shed like to think it was a look of admiration, she still didnt want to get her hopes up. With a half grin, he shook his head, then turned, saying hed see her in a few. 
Sighing, she closed the door behind her. So this perfect man actually did have some skeletons and they included a tall skinny blonde. Abby looked down at her own body. She didnt have body image issues, and knew everyone was different. She was her perfect weight, but obviously had larger curves than Blondie. Abby had a large chest and a round rear. And either Caleb liked her generous curves, or he didnt. Her body was perfectly her own, and she wouldnt fret over this. 
She scolded herself for even thinking about it. Now she had to do what any other girl would docall her best friend and tell her all about the catfight on the elevator.



They stepped into one of his favorite chain restaurants, and he couldnt wait for Abby to taste his favorite veggie burger. The friendly greeter led them past several large display cases holding music memorabilia and to a table right beside the famous sign Love all; Serve all. 
The hostess took their drink orders and said she would love to take any requests they had for music. 
Caleb turned to Abby. Whatll it be?
Hmm, how about Depeche Mode? I love their music videos.
That surprised him. 
Sounds good, and how about you, sir? The hostess now faced him.
He pursed his lips. Since were going with the eighties, how about some Def Leppard?
That apparently surprised her. Hair bands, huh? She snickered. I didnt pin you as an eighties hair band fan.
He grinned. Youve got to go with Def Leopard if youre talking about the eighties.
Your waiter will be with you in a moment, the hostess announced after taking their drink orders.
So, veggie burger, huh? She raised an eyebrow at him. You promise its the best, right?
Absolutely, Caleb said as an extremely colorful and flamboyant waiter with pink hair approached.
Hello, my name is Jonathan, and Ill be serving you tonight. I see that Jennifer has already taken your drink order. Do you need more time with the menu?
No. He turned to Abby. May I place both of our orders? 
Abby nodded. 
Well both have your veggie burger with regular fries. Caleb spoke to the waiter, who was now ogling him. Caleb didnt know what it was, but for some reason, he and his cousin Stefen always attracted gay men. They both loved women, and didnt know if it was a vibe they put off or what.
Jennifer will be right back with those drinks. Jonathan winked.
Abby snickered a little. Great. She had noticed too. Needing to switch subjects, and feeling as if he had to explain what had happened earlier, he started, About Paisley.
You dont owe me an explanation, Caleb. That wasnt your fault. 
The hostess brought their drinks, and Abby took a sip of her soda.
Yeah, actually it was. You see, we went to college together, and I wasnt very nice to her, or her friends. Ive done some things that Im not proud of. But youre right, theyre in my past. Im at peace about it now. Its just difficult when things like this happen that remind me of what a bastard I used to be.
Her eyes were soft. I dont believe you were ever a bastard, Caleb. Thats impossible. 
He nodded. This didnt feel like the right time to talk about it, so he dropped the subject. There would be plenty of opportunities for him to tell her all about his ugly younger years.



 You were right, that was the best veggie burger Ive ever had. Well have to come back here. Was it wrong for her to assume he may want to come back here with her?
He settled the bill, and they headed outside to Hollywood Blvd, walking and pointing out the stars imbedded into the sidewalk.
I think Lucille Balls star is right around here somewhere. Her eyes scanned from plaque to plaque as they walked along. Lucy was her favorite actress and comedian of all time. Abby and her mom had seen every episode of I Love Lucy several times, and they could recite each one, line by line. Trying to keep the conversation going, Abby said, I wish her hands and footprints were still in front of Manns Chinese Theater, but apparently they moved the slab out several years ago, and nobody really knows where it ended up. How sucky was that?
As soon as she spotted the star, she got downright giddy. Can you take my picture?
With a crooked smile, Caleb said, Gladly. 
Man, he was handsome when he did that.
Squatting down by the shiny black and red star, she looked up with her cheesiest grin. Caleb hesitated a moment and didnt take the picture. His eyes darted everywhere but on her. 
Still smiling, she asked between her clenched teeth, Are you going to take the picture?
Yeah, but, um, why dont you fix your, um, blouse on the top area first? He motioned to the upper part of his own chest.
Abby looked down and, sure enough, her girls were in full view. Thank goodness, she was wearing one of her new pretty bras Leah insisted she get. Her face suddenly felt extremely hot as she shot up and adjusted her shirt. Give me a minute.
Dont be self-conscious, Abby. Ive seen boobs before, he chuckled.
Well, you havent seen mine yet. She was never going to get her face to cool down now. I mean, you havent seen mine. Not yet. No yet.
He shook his head and sighed, though his eyes were still amused. Youre so cute when you get embarrassed.  
He pulled her in for a hug, and kissed her forehead. His lips were so soft and tender. She wanted them to touch her own, not the top of her face. Before she knew what was happening, he ran the palm of his hand along her cheek, pulling her face up toward his and covering her lips in the sweetest, most gentle kiss shed ever experienced. Caleb ran his fingertips along the back of her neck, going in for a deeper kiss without warning as she stood on her idols star. Abby wasnt sure what would happen first, her fainting from the blood leaving her brain, or her knees giving out. Either way, she was going down.
Before that humiliating moment could occur, he slowly withdrew and smiled at her dazed face. Seeming a little breathless himself, he said, Now, how about that picture?



Not a word was spoken about it after hed kissed her, and Caleb was nervous all over again. He didnt expect it himself. It just happened. Once he looked into her mortified face, after getting a full view of her cleavage, he just went for it. She received him as though shed longed for it as much as he had. But he was so out of practice, he didnt know what to do next. 
After walking hand in hand down Hollywood Blvd, theyd driven around, went up to the hills in Malibu, and were now heading back to the hotel. It was late, so there wasnt anything left to do. He just didnt want his time with her to end yet.
They pulled up to the valet, and as they walked through the lobby to the elevator, she spoke again. Thank you for bringing me here, Caleb. Ive had a fantastic time so far. 
The elevator door opened, and he pushed their floor number after they entered. My pleasure. And boy, did he mean that. He hadnt felt this alive in so long and was already looking forward to tomorrow. He just hoped hed be able to concentrate enough during his meeting and not make any rash decisions. 
The door had better open soon, or he would grab her again. Thankfully, it did.
After you. He motioned for her to step out first, then followed closely behind, wondering if he should just let her go to her room, or if he should make another move. When they arrived at her door, he said, So, my meeting is fairly early, and Ill be back to pick you up for lunch. He spun his room key nervously between his fingers. So, um, Ill see you tomorrow. 
He bounced forward and back between his heels and the balls of his feet. What the hell am I doing? Only girls do that, right? He had to do this or walk away, decision time right now. 
She was looking up at him with fire in her eyes, and her lips opened just slightly. 
Oh, what the hell. 
He approached her slowly to see if she would meet him halfway. To his relief, she did. He smiled and went in the rest of the way, cupping the back of her neck with his hand. With his other hand around her waist, he pulled her closer until their lips met. 
This was different from the surprise and very public kiss on Hollywood Blvd. This kiss was private, with nobody around to see, except for the cameras that were probably zoomed in on them at that moment. Caleb took another chance, and gently opened her mouth with his tongue, nipping at her bottom lip. She let out a moan, and that did him in. He needed to stop this kiss before he dragged her into the room and did something hed regret.
Pulling away, he watched as her eyes popped open. 
Her chest rapidly moved in and out. Wow. I didnt know kisses could be like that, she said, making him as happy as a little boy on Christmas morning. 
He went in for another quick peck. They can be even better than that, His deep voice rumbled as he spoke close to her ear. He seriously needed to get away from her. Like right this very moment. Ill see you tomorrow. He pecked her lips once more with his entire mouth, then quickly stepped over toward his door. 
She had a dreamy look on her face as she gave him a little wave and entered her room. He chuckled and shook his head before entering his own room.



Abby woke up to the sound of an incoming text.

Caleb: Awake?
Abby: Yep.

He didnt need to know she was only awake because of his text.

Caleb: Coffee?
Abby: Yes, please & thank you :)
Caleb: Anything with vanilla creamer, right?

He remembered.

Abby: Yes please.
Caleb: Delivery in about 15.
Abby: k

She jumped up, took a five minute shower, then threw on her new undergarments. Well, Ill be damned. Leah was right. I do feel better about myself wearing pretty panties. Abby checked herself out in the hotel bathroom mirror. Not bad.
Although there wasnt anyone else in the room, she quickly trotted to her suitcase and pulled out her loose royal blue frilly blouse, just long enough to cover her butt. The low-rise jeans shed packed were the only ones she could find in her size when shed gone shoppingwithout Leahafter the lingerie fiasco. Higher-waisted jeans were all but impossible to find anywhere nowadays. Looking down at her toes, she was thankful shed remembered to repaint her toenails before theyd left. She slipped on her sandals just as she heard a knock.
She quickly put a few strokes of mascara on before sprinting to the door, opening it to find Caleb with two cups of coffee, one in each hand. He passed one to her while staring intently at her. She tried hard not to look like a pouty child once she noticed the cup was from her least favorite coffeehouse. Then he did something that spanked that bratty five year old in her. He handed over a couple of little containers of vanilla creamer.
Yay! My favorite! She practically jumped up and bounced back into the room as he followed.
He chuckled. If thats all I have to do to impress you, then were going to get along just fine. He moved in, closing any space between them. 
Theyd had those magical kisses last night, but she didnt know what was in store for today. She mustve somehow given him the wrong signal because he backed away a second later. She noticed his eyes wander to her unmade bed.
I have to get going, he said suddenly. Ill be back in time to pick you up for lunch, and then maybe some more sight-seeing? Go ahead and order breakfast. We can decide later if we want to leave tonight or tomorrow morning. He kept backing away until he reached the door giving her a small smile. Ill see you in a couple hours. Then he was gone. 
Well, that was disappointing. Why did he kiss her last night but not this morning? Sometimes she really hated having a girl brain. She could sit and contemplate this all morning, or she could go grab breakfast and come back to read. She decided to go with plan B.
After heading downstairs and picking up some peanut butter toast and a side of fruit, she went back to her room and pulled out her electronic reader. Shed downloaded Calebs books yesterday and had planned on digging in during this trip. A few years ago, shed read the paperbacks.
Chewing on a bite of toast, she started the first book, a suspense. She knew how talented he was, but shed forgotten how mind-blowing this book was. She was on the edge of her seat when he texted her, saying his meeting was over, and hed be there in fifteen minutes to pick her up for lunch. She was already completely ready for the day, and as any reader would do, she continued the story until he knocked on her door again.
Turning off her e-reader, she grabbed her things and opened the door to Calebs gorgeous smiling face. He greeted her once more without any form of physical touch. Her mind started to race as they headed away to the car. She wondered if hed been disappointed with their kiss, and thats why he hadnt touched her again. 
They waited a moment for the valet. Once it arrived, she headed for the passenger door when she felt herself being spun around, and then his lips were on hers. His arms caged her in, his palms on the top of the doorframe. 
He pulled back a minute later. Sorry, he said, breathless. I couldnt wait, and it wasnt really appropriate in your room.
Dazed, she only gulped and nodded as he opened the door. He held her hand, and she climbed in. Lingering, he planted a kiss on the top of her hand, looking hesitant to leave her side. He gazed at her a moment longer before letting go and closing the door. 
Oh my
So what sounds good for the day? He started the car and drove out to the main street.
Snapping out of her daze, Abby finally spoke. Im actually up for anything, but wouldnt mind seeing the observatory. I was a kid the last time I went, and its been redone since then. She really hoped they could visit.
To the observatory we go then. I know of a great restaurant in that area where we can eat lunch. Do you like Mediterranean? He peeked at her while driving.
Humus, flatbread and feta, whats not to like? She smiled and looked at him, catching the same expression beaming across his face.
That sounds good to me. 
After a lull, she asked, Howd your meeting go? She bit her lip, waiting, then noticed his eyes lingering on her mouth before turning to look out of the windshield once more. She liked when he did that.
Really good. Were moving forward. We just need to work on the details of the contract, but it looks like Ill have most of the creative control. I expect some things to change from the books, but its essential that it has the same feel.
That is fantastic, Caleb. She couldnt imagine how this opportunity must feel to him. To see his work on the big screen, was justwow. You really have to make sure that Jakes character is just like the book. I couldnt imagine one thing changing about him.
So you remember the characters name? he joked.
Embarrassed, she just nodded. Yeah, I was re-reading the first book this morning while you were at your meeting. She looked at him through her long lashes.
So, what do you think? He seemed to stiffen a little, almost anxious. 
Was he nervous about what she would think? 
She answered easily, Well, Ive only read the first two books, but I honestly like them. I can see why the studio approached you, and I think theyll make great action-packed movies. Her gaze softened on him. Im very happy for you. She thought about this new road he would be traveling down, and hoped she would be a part of it.



After eating an amazing vegetarian feast, they traveled up the mountain to the observatory. As they drove up the windy road, Abby was reminded about the last time shed come up this hill. It was one of the last pleasant memories she had of her father. Hed taken time off work during her spring break from school and spent the week taking her to Disneyland, Knotts Berry Farm, Griffith Park, then to Sea World in San Diego. 
Shed been only nine at the time and hadnt paid much attention to the fact that her mom hadnt joined them on the trip. Hed left their family a week later. For the next several years, shed thought she had done something wrong during the trip that made him want to leave. Once she was old enough to understand, her mom explained that her father had fallen in love with a woman overseas when hed been traveling for business. He left them to start a new family, and it had nothing to do with Abby. That didnt stop it from hurting, of course. 
A penny for your thoughts, Caleb said sweetly.  
Taken out of her daydream, she swished her head toward him and shrugged. Just thinking about my dad and the last time he brought me here.
Good memories I hope?
Yeah, this place is very special to me. She still didnt understand what would make a man take such action, though she couldnt help but hold that trip near to her heart.
After claiming a parking space, they got out of the car, and she took a deep breath.
Clean, crisp late fall air hit her lungs as she looked out at the horizon. I forgot how beautiful it is up here.
Look over there. Caleb pointed toward the hills in the background. You can see the Hollywood sign.
I dont remember that from the last time I was here.
There are hiking trails that take you fairly close. Maybe we can do that next time. 
Next time? 
She gulped, butterflies flapping around in her belly. I would love to do that. Im not prepared for a hike today though. She pointed to her strappy sandals.
He grinned. Come on, lets walk over. He grabbed her hand and strolled toward the building. 
She wondered what they looked like to other people passing by. Did they wonder if she and Caleb were a couple? How long theyd been together? Why he was with her? 
Okay stop. No negative thoughts. 
She breathed in and out, closing her eyes then opening them again. 
Everything good? Caleb asked, curious. 
Yes. Just taking it all in, she lied. The last thing she needed to do was share her insecurities with him. 
They passed by the famous concrete monument with figures of the six greatest astronomers: Hipparchus, Nicholas Copernicus, Galileo Galilei, Johannes Kepler, Sir Isaac Newton, and William Herschel. 
A couple having pictures taken were just beside the monument, sitting on a blanket with a picnic basket and a bunch of balloons. The photographer had an assistant, so this was obviously a planned photo shoot. The woman was holding one side of a small framed chalkboard that read, Save the Date, and the man held the other side as they kissed, and the photographer took the shots. 
Abby shyly looked at Caleb, who was also smiling. They continued to walk hand in hand until they got to the entrance. Caleb held the door open with one hand and led her in with the other, a hand on the small of her back. What would you like to see first?
I have no idea. That pendulum is the same, but Im not sure how much has changed.
How about, he moved his index finger from side to side, that way. He pointed left, grabbing her hand again and pulling her excitedly in that direction.



After browsing through all the indoor and outdoor exhibits, they decided to head to the cafe for a drink, then down and around the bottom side of the building. Abby was so happy the observatory sold her favorite soft drink, and she sipped from it as they walked down the curved pathway.
After finding a small wall to sit against, Caleb started to speak. Abby, I wanted to talk to you about something, but I dont want to come off too strong. 
She looked at him, her heart speeding up.
His eyes were tender on hers. I really like you. Well, more than that. Im falling pretty hard for you, but I cant afford to play any games. I have Madison to consider. Its difficult for me to be so vulnerable with you because I havent opened my heart to anyone, or even dated once, since Rene died. He swallowed hard, and she could see how hard this was for him. It made her want to reach out and comfort him. 
I need you to understand that Im not looking for someone just to have fun with. Of course, I want to enjoy our time together, but you have to know that Ill only take this chance for the promise of a serious relationship, that would hopefully lead to marriage someday. 
He paused, and she wasnt sure if she was supposed to say something yet until he spoke again. If youre only interested in being friends, Ill respect that, but I wanted you to know that ultimately, I would love to be more than friends. He mustve wanted to make sure she got his point because he added, If we were to get involved, Id be looking toward the future. I want a life partner, not just someone to date.
Abby stared at him, completely stunned. Shed already figured out that she was falling in love with him, but she still didnt know where to go with those feelings. This was also difficult because she hadnt opened herself up to anyone since Peter. 
There were dates here and there, but never more than once with the same guy. Her heart had been too damaged. Now could she open herself up entirely to this man? He seemed too good to be true. Was he really saying that not only did he have strong feelings for her, but he was also looking for a wife?
Wow, she said finally. It was all she could muster up.
Caleb let out a nervous chuckle. I know its a lot, but like I said, I just cant play any games. Soplease take some time before letting me know what your thoughts are. He held her hand, rubbing his thumb on the top of hers.
He looked so vulnerable in that moment that she felt as though she had to explain her reaction. Im sorry, Caleb, she managed to say with a shy smile, but you just caught me off guard. Ive also fallen for you, and love the thought of being more than friends. I wouldnt want to do casual either, but Caleb, I dont know if I can give you what youre looking for. Theres so much hurt in my past I wouldnt want you to have to deal with, and I honestly dont know that Im good enough for you. She looked down at their connected hands.
What? Are you kidding me? He moved his legs over the wall, now straddling it, and scooted closer so he could reach her other hand. Why, Abby? Why would you think you arent good enough? Youre amazing, and I am in awe every time Im around you. I dont know if youve noticed, but I practically trip on my words whenever youre around. Its like Im in high school again, and Im the nervous nerd trying to talk to the head cheerleader.
She shook her head, unable to help her blush. Now who is kidding who? Youre very smooth, Mr. Hunter. 
This made him smile and chuckle. Thank you for the compliment, but Id still like to know why you think you arent good enough. He pulled her wrist to his lips and kissed her delicate skin. 
How was she expected to concentrate on an answer when he did that?
Oh, Caleb, I have some serious yuck in my past, and Im afraid if I share it, youll never want to see me again. Which means I wont see Madison anymore either, and that will destroy me. She added without thinking, Ive fallen in love with her, too.
Wait, did I just say that out loud? 
Too? he asked.
Abby cringed. No, tell me I did not just say that.  
Caleb let it go and gently pressed her about her past instead, Try me. Start at the beginning. Now he pulled his legs up until they crossed a bit on top of the wall. He was getting comfortable for her story.
She swallowed, not sure if she could do it. Break open all that pain? Could she do it without crying? 
Sighing, she decided shed have to tell him eventually, if they were going to make a real go of a relationship, soPeter and I dated for two years in high school, she started quietly, filling Caleb in on how she and Peter had started dating, and how the high school pressure had finally got to them and they took their physical relationship to the next level. Theyd only been together a couple times when Abby had found out she was pregnant.
She kept her head down as she spoke, taking only quick peeks at Caleb. She didnt see judgment so far. He was listening. So she took a deep breath and continued. Ill never forget the day I found out. It was a Friday after school. Homecoming was that night and we were supposed to go, butinstead, I was in my moms garage, telling my seventeen-year-old boyfriend we were going to be parents. 
She let out a painful chuckle, tears glossing over her eyes as she remembered. And Peterhewasnt happy, but I could tell he was scared. He told me wed figure something out together. 
She paused for a moment, wiping a tear away. Caleb squeezed her hand, encouraging her to continue.  
She shook her head sadly. When he left that night, I thought I had the best boyfriend in the world. But thenI tried calling him all weekend, and he wouldnt pick up his phone. Tiffany kept answering, and she said he didnt have time for me or my childish games. I didnt know what she was talking about, but shed always been rude and mean to me, so I tried not to read into it.
This was so hard. She felt as if she were reliving the nightmare all over again. Taking a calming breath, she continued. When I showed up for school on Monday, I looked everywhere for Peter and found him in front of my locker with the one girl he knew I was jealous of. The only girl that we ever fought about, and they were full-on making out. I couldnt believe it, andI knew at that moment I was alone. 
That day after school, I was walking to my car when Peter ran up behind me. He told me that we needed to be clear. He knew the baby wasnt his, and hed heard that Id been screwing around on him. I swore I hadnt because I would never do that, but he insisted that a reliable source told him that Id been caught having sex with someone else. 
She was trying to catch her breath in between her hysterics. He poked my stomach, and said he didnt know who the father of my bastard child was, but he knew it wasnt him. Then he turned and walked away. Just like that. Shed become so distraught that she hadnt realized Caleb was rubbing soothing circles over her hands.
I was so ashamed. I couldnt tell my mom. I was her only child, and she was so proud of me. So, as much as it pained me, I couldnt see another way out. I made an appointment to get an abortion. She was blubbering, but still had to explain the most painful part. The night before my appointment, I threatened God and told Him that if He didnt take the baby, I was going to send it back.
She looked down again at their now intertwined fingers, unable to make eye contact while she told her shameful story. I had a miscarriage in the middle of the night. My mom had to rush me to the emergency room, and thats how she found out I was pregnant. 
She pulled her hands away from him, covering her face as she sobbed. She hoped she wasnt calling attention to herself. But when she felt Calebs loving arms wrap around her, she no longer cared that they were in public. She put her face onto his chest and shook with such strong emotion as her tears flowed. She hadnt cried like this since it all happened. The wound was still open and had festered for so long, shed been sure it was beyond ever healing.
After a few minutes of drenching his shirt with her tears, mascara, and God knew what else, she looked up at him again. Im so sorry. Im a mess, Caleb. I couldnt be any good for you, or Madison.
He cradled her face and looked straight into her distraught eyes as he replied, But thats not what I see. When I look at you, Abby, I see someone strong, a fighter. Youve lived with this pain for too long, and Im not going to tell you to let it go. He raised an eyebrow. I would be the last one to judge that, but He pressed her hair back. Youre beautiful, you know that? And I would be the most blessed man to call you mine.
She shuffled out of his hold. Did you hear what I just told you? I threatened God, and He took my baby before I could abort it. Did he miss that part?
Have you asked for forgiveness? 
Was he serious? What do you mean? From who?
Well, from God, he said like it was obvious. Youre still carrying about that guilt like a physical weight on your shoulders. Thats not healthy. Have you asked Him to forgive you?
No. What is he talking about?
He swiped his thumb across her cheek, holding her gaze to show her how serious he was. You cant have hope in the future if theres no peace in your past. 
Hes serious. She gulped. I cant. Its too awful.
He shook his head, chuckling without humor. I havent told you my story yet, Abby. He looked down at his folded hands. Its not pretty, but Ive learned how to let go and move forward. As much as Id like to, I cant change my past. 
He sighed and started in on his own past. I was a huge prick growing up. I was spoiled, entitled, and my cousins, Stefen, Bri, and I were inseparable. Other than financially, we didnt have the support of our families. We grew up with nannies, and got away with everything. Stefen is only a year younger than me, and Bri is three years younger. As I said before, we were all being groomed to work at my dad and uncles law firm, and we attended the best law school, which happened to be our parents alma mater. 
He stopped for a moment, glancing blankly at the building across from us. Stefen and I were not only cousins and best friends, but frat brothers as well. Our fathers ensured we were part of their fraternity, without even having to pledge, because of their legacy. And my dear cousin and I had a pact. He blew out another puff of air. Sleep with as many girls as possible while we were in college. We loved to one up each other, get girls we didnt think we had a chance with, and after a while, wed built quite a reputation within the fraternity. Id just come from another girls room when Stefen pointed Rene out. He told me there was no way I could get her. I know it sounds so barbaric, its just a guy thing, a stupid guy thing. He shook his head, seeming to have his own private, embarrassing moment, then he went on. 
Anyway, he was right. I couldnt win with her, at least not what I wanted. She had heard about the bet, because it went around campus that there was a girl I couldnt seal the deal with. Instead of pushing me away, though, she made it her goal to change me. It worked. He smiled then. There was something about her that I couldnt resist. I didnt understand how or why she was so different, but she made me wait until I married her.
Abby waited a moment to answer. I wouldve never guessed, Caleb. Youre nothing like that.
I know. He chuckled. She changed me.
Abby frowned thoughtfully. What about Stefen and Bri?
Well, Stefen is a whole other story. Caleb sighed. I have hope for him, but hes still a mess. Hes the only one that ended up working for our fathers firm. Bri just kind of travels around like a lost soul. Im not sure whats going on with her. She comes in and out of our lives now, cant maintain a relationship for anything. I worry about them a lot.
So, neither has found their Rene yet? she asked softly. 
No. Stefen believed he had, but I think he just got caught up in my and Renes happy bubble.
Thats too bad.
So, my point to this is, he captured her gaze, a serious look on his face, that I am no saint. Ive learned and grown, and Im better for it now, but please dont ever say youre not good enough. I see differently. And He fidgeted with his hands in his lap. This is so awkward talking about Rene as Im trying to convince you to give me a chance, but shes why I am who I am. His eyes were begging her to understand. 
Abby took his hand back in hers and squeezed lightly. Please dont ever feel uncomfortable talking about her. I dont. I feel horrible that youve suffered, but now Im not only thankful to her for bringing Madison into the world, but Im also thankful for her impact on your life.
He smiled, then asked hopefully, So, what do you say? Do you want to try this? Ill be honest, though. I dont know what Im doing here. I cant remember having a legitimate girlfriend before Rene.
Her smile matched his. Well, were both in the same boat then, because the only dates Ive been on since Peter were disasters.
Okay, good. He nodded once. Itll all be new for us both. We can figure it out as we go.
I have a request, if you dont mind. I hope it doesnt sound rude.
What is it?
She frowned a little, hating to ask, but she had to. Can we keep it quiet, at least until we figure out what were doing? I know youre talking all or nothing, but I really need to take baby steps here. As much as I like you, this is really scary, and Id hate for everyone to know my business if things didnt work out.
No problem. I was going to suggest we dont tell Madison yet. She adores you, and I dont want her to get her hopes up any more than she already has.
Agreed. She smiled and held her hand out for him to shake. He put her hand down, scooted closer, and placed both palms on the sides of her face again. Youre so beautiful Abby. Ive dreamed of kissing you so many times.
He moved in closer as her eyes closed, and their lips met for their fourth kiss. Yes, she was counting every time his mouth touched hers. This kiss confirmed what she already knew to be true. There wasnt anything she wouldnt do for this man. She felt herself starting to get carried away, making sounds that encouraged him to keep going, until she heard a clicking noise.
She pulled away from Caleb to find the photographer standing a few feet away.
Im so sorry. The woman didnt look sheepish or apologetic for capturing their very personal moment. I didnt mean to interrupt. That kiss was one of the most beautiful Ive ever seen, and I couldnt resist. Ill be happy to either delete the photos or give you copies, whatever you like. Im legitimate, I promise. She handed Caleb her business card.
Abby blinked, still feeling a little strange, but now she was curious. She wanted to see the pictures. She glanced at Caleb as he asked her, What do you think?
Id like to see. She would love to have proof of him kissing her.
Here. The photographer handed her very expensive camera to them. She mustve been legitimate to hand such an expensive camera over to strangers. She showed them how to scan through the pictures. There were at least fifteen photos less than a second apart, and they were very intimate and beautiful.
I definitely want copies of these. Here. Caleb handed his business card over to the photographer they now knew as Dawn.
Dawn grinned. Ill get them over to you within a week. Can I take a few more of you just holding each other?
Abby frowned suddenly. What does my face look like? she asked Caleb.
He swept some of her hair behind her shoulder, his gaze tender. Beautiful.
She melted a little. I mean, do I have mascara all over or anything?
No, you look great.
Dawn shrugged. I can fix anything like that when I edit anyway, so dont worry. Okay, get closer. Put your arm around her. Perfect. She took several pictures of them with Downtown Los Angeles as their backdrop before shaking their hands and leaving them alone once again.
That was unexpected, Caleb chuckled. 
She gave him a small shy smile. I think this whole trip has been unexpected.
Id have to agree with that. Calebs phone rang as he leaned over and kissed her quickly.
He answered, and she watched his blissful expression change to concern as he listened to the person on the other end. Turning slightly to give him privacy, she wondered what was wrong. After a few moments, she felt Caleb run his fingers down her arm. He explained that Madison was sick with a fever, and, unfortunately, theyd have to cut their trip short.
Of course. Abby was up on her feet, ready to go. Her only concern was Madison.
Caleb nodded and followed after her, trying to act nonchalant, but she could see the worry in his eyes. Truth be told, she was just as anxious to get back. This time she had the courage to take his hand, and they headed back to the car side by side.



Abby was sad that her trip with Caleb had been cut short but at the same time, she was also filled with awe watching how he took no time getting back to his little girl. It spoke volumes to Abby what a good father he was. She only hoped Madison was feeling better.
 Leah, hes amazing. I cant believe were officially dating now. Abby was still on cloud nine.
How can you be surprised? Hes been gaga over you since you met, and even though you denied it, Leah gave her the stink eye, I knew youve had the hots for him since then, too.
Yeah, well, maybe I did, Abby admitted begrudgingly. But I didnt realize he would ever give me the time of day. Hes handsome, successful, and the best father. Hes so good to Madison. Abbys voice was high-pitched and girly as she talked about the man she was already so in love with.
Im sure he wouldnt mind being called your daddy, either. Leah cracked herself up as she popped her friend on the behind.
Abby put both hands up in front of her and shook her head. Im not even thinking about that. Youre jumping way ahead, sista.
You know, Im only kidding. Me, of all people, wouldnt tell you to jump into bed with him so soon. But dang, chica, hes supa fine. Leah continued to bust up.
Well, yes, hes really hot. Abby joined her friend in laughing. But hes more than that. His heart and soul are beautiful. When he told me about the story with his wife, I freaking melted. I am dating the bad boy gone good, every nerdy girls book boyfriend fantasy. She couldnt wipe the smile off her face if she tried to.
Girlfriend, you and your book boyfriends. Leah shook her head. Im sure you have one you can compare him to, dont you? 
Leah knew her well.  Abby pursed her lips shyly. Maybe. Then she sighed. But the best part is I didnt have to put up with his crap to get the noble guy. I simply get Prince Charming off the bat...win.
Rolling her eyes, Leah added, If he has a friend thats already the good guy, toss him my way. Im currently in need of a Prince Charming, too. All of the pendejos Ive dated lately only want one thing, and you know I dont give up the goods to just anyone.
Abby just pressed her lips into a tight line. Youve dated some doozies lately.
Leahs expression was part misery and part humorous. Its not my fault that only jackasses like girls with big booties. She smacked her own behind.
You dont have a big booty, Abby said, exasperated. Why do you always say that?
Because I do, and Im not complaining. Id rather have real woman curves than be a stick figure.
I hear ya, and my wide hips agree. Abby smoothed her palms down the sides of her hips.
Dont forget about those huge knockers youre sporting, my friend. Pointing at Abbys chest, Leah burst into laughter again.
Hey leave the girls out of this. Abby covered her chest, pretending to be offended.
There is no way they can ever be out of anything when youre around, Leah continued teasing. Theyre here five minutes before the rest of you arrives. Leah laughed a belly laugh and noticed Abbys disapproving glare. Im just jealous, dont mind me.
Dont be, at least you can buy your pretty bras at any lingerie store, Abby muttered. As you saw, I have to get mine from the old lady or porn star department, and most of those bras arent cute.



 Im sorry to have to drag you into my office, Abby, but its come to my attention that you and the parent of one of your students have been seen out in public together quite often lately. I know your personal life has nothing to do with work, but when the two cross, and others bring it to my attention, we have to have a chat. 
Abby had been dreading going into Principal Hansons office all day since she got a slip saying that he needed to see her after school. Crap, what was she going to do now? A million questions had run through her mind. Would she have to stop dating Caleb? She couldnt bear that thought. Theyd only been officially seeing each other a few days, but she knew he was the one. He was ingrained in her heart. Would she have to make a quick decision right then and there, and quit the job she loved so much?
Just so I know exactly what were talking about, Dan, who was I seen with and where? She wasnt about to open her mouth about something he may not even be referring to, but what else could he be talking about?
Principal Hanson raised an eyebrow as he pushed back in his huge office chair. Are you denying something is going on?
She folded her hands tighter in her lap, keeping a smooth face. I cant deny anything if you havent told me what were talking about.
Huffing, he said, I was called to a meeting by a couple parents concerned that youve been seen around town several times with Madison Hunters father. They are concerned that you may favor her because youre possibly dating her father. Is this true?
Although she was in a tight situation, she would try to avoid answering in a way that sounded unfavorable. But bottom line, she wouldnt ever deny her relationship him. Our families are very close, so the times weve been seen, we were either out as friends or just ran into each other. Im assuming one of these concerned parents was Tiffany Zuckerman, because she saw us in a group having lunch together at the Chowder Festival a couple weeks ago. She kept any venom out of her tone, though she really hated that woman. Why couldnt she just mind her own damn business?
No, she actually wasnt part of the meeting. Other parents have observed you guys. Specifically, the two of you together. Alone.
What? She frowned, starting to get really worried. How is that possible? Weve havent been together alone anywhere in Santa Barbara. Then she remembered and caught herself. Oh, wait. Caleb gave me surfing lessons a week ago when we were off school. I wonder if someone couldve seen us at the beach.
Dan cleared his throat, seeming uncomfortable with where this conversation was going. I wasnt given details, but several parents have voiced their concern. He clicked his pen open and shut several times, a nervous habit shed seen before. 
What could this mean for her, though?
So, she started, taking a slow, deep breath. She had to stay calm to get her point across. I cant be friends with my students parents now? I grew up here in Santa Barbara, as did most of my parents. It has to be the Power Moms that are causing the drama. They all have a noticeable infatuation with Caleb. 
Grr, those Power Moms. 
Abby was irritated. She wished she could give those women a piece of her mind. It had to be them. No one else would be this petty. 
She folded her arms over her chest and crossed one leg over the other. Her leg bounced up and down as her irritation increased.
Dan paused his persistent clicking and looked at her with his eyebrows raised. Abby, thats not very gracious of you, and completely opposite of your personality. Where did that come from? He sounded surprised, but not upset, so she didnt hesitate to answer honestly.
Im just tired of people pushing me to satisfy their agendas, and not thinking about me as a person and what could make me happy. She didnt even realize how true this statement was until it came out of her mouth. She was fed up with being pushed around.
He let out a resigned breath. So, I have to ask you officially. Are you and Mr. Hunter dating? Leaning back on his leather chair, he look as though he hated every question he had to ask her.
Dan, why couldnt you have asked me this question on Friday? She slumped further into the uncomfortable office chair that sat directly across his desk. She let out a long sigh, then told him, We went away together this past weekend and decided to give us a shot. So, to answer your question, yes, I am now dating Mr. Hunter.
His expression was conflicted. As your friend, I am very happy that youve found someone. But as your boss, Ill need to figure something out. He leaned forward again, placing his elbows on top of his desk.
Are you going to fire me? She felt her bottom lip begin to quiver.
No, nothing like that. Youre one of our best teachers, and one of my best employees. Ill have to remove Madison from your class, though. 
Abbys heart fell. What had she done? Madison wasnt going to understand this. 
He continued, Ill have her remain in your class for the rest of this week, and then when we return from fall break, shell need to be transferred into Melindas class. It works out well because one of her students is moving and wont be back. Hopefully that will call off the mob.
Abby nodded sadly. I didnt want to make any announcements. We just started dating. Madison doesnt even know. I dont want to share this information with anyone, especially since I just denied it in front of everyone when Sofie asked last week.
We dont have to announce anything, he assured her. Well just make the transition, and hope all goes smoothly. There wont be an issue once shes no longer in your class.
I hate when people talk about me behind my back.
Dont worry. Nothing bad is being said. Parents are rightfully concerned. I would be too if my childs teacher was dating a parent. 
As horrible as she felt, it made sense. I guess you have a point, when you say it like that. I looked through the policies and saw nothing about it, but I figured it would be frowned upon. Abby stood, preparing to leave the office.
He put up a finger. One other thing. I noticed on your attendance sheet that she wasnt here today.
Yeah, she has the stomach flu. We had to come back early from our trip because she got sick.
Okay. He nodded. Go enjoy your evening. Well get this squared away as quietly as possible.
Thanks, Dan. She left with the feeling that something significant was going to go down. This wasnt the end of it.



Caleb had just brought Madison home from the doctors office and was coming down the stairs when Colbie Caillats Fallen for You sounded on his cell. Hed just changed Abbys ringtone yesterday and loved hearing it, knowing shed be on the other end.
Hello, beautiful. His heart actually felt like it did a flip. Apparently, it didnt just happen to girls.
Hi, was all she said.
Everything alright?
Yes and no. Can I come see you?
Oh no. This didnt sound good. Theyd just started dating. She couldnt be breaking up with him already, could she?
Yeah, how about now? Madison just went down for another nap.
Im sorry. I wasnt thinking about her being sick.
Abby, its okay, he insisted, trying to ignore the doom he felt. Come over.
Let me go home to change, and then Ill be over. 
She hung up without a goodbye. Either she had a lot on her mind, or she actually was coming over to break up with him. Well, hed have to change her mind, because he wouldnt let her go without a fight. 
Then he had an idea. 
Dialing a number from his cell, he listened to the rings. Leah? How quickly could you put a spectacular bouquet together, and then deliver it to my house?



Caleb spotted Abby pulling in next to his silver Range Rover that he now knew she adored. Again, he tried to force his heart to beat normally. He was nervous as he watched her stroll somberly to his front door. Before she had a chance to knock, he pulled her inside and into an embrace that spoke volumes. He was telling her that no matter what she had to say, he was there for her. He would support her and be her partner in any way he could. 
Relieved, he felt her melt into him. There was no denying that he was already in love with her. Surprisingly, it didnt scare him. It felt amazing to open his heart, and let her fill all of the emptiness. It was a good thing shed asked to take baby steps. If she hadnt, he mightve picked her right up, taken her to the closest church, and married her on the spot. She was it, the one that hed get to spend the rest of his life with. The one that would be his childs mother and the one that would relish in it all. His chest filled with an emotion he hadnt felt in so long: happiness, pure and unadulterated happiness. He would do anything for this woman.
Tears poured from her eyes as he held her. 
Whats wrong? Please dont cry. It breaks my heart in half to see you so upset. He pulled away, and then held her face in his large hands.
Im sorry. Im not normally a big sissy crier, but I seem to shed all my tears in front of you. She wiped her eyes and pulled his palm to her lips to kiss, but the waterworks didnt stop.
I dont mind. You feel comfortable around me, I like that. Well, not that youre hurt and crying, but that youre at ease with me. He directed them into the living room. Have a seat. Tenderly, he led her to his large leather couch and sat beside her. Whats going on?
Looking miserable, she sat and spoke, Well, I was pulled into Principal Hansons office after school today. Parents have complained about us dating. Her lip was still slightly trembling.
What? He frowned. How do they even know? Its only been a few days.
I know, but I guess we were seen around town by a few parents, and assumptions were made. 
Caleb felt fury taking over him. Those damn moms from the coffee shop. What the hell did they do? Wow, they knew we were dating before we did. Not wanting her to sense how pissed he was, he faked a chuckle, triggering her to snicker. 
That was a good sign.
So, the bottom line is that Madison, another tear escaped her eye, cant be in my class anymore.
This was why she was so upset? That Madison couldnt be in her class anymore, not that she wanted to break things off? If he hadnt loved her before, this right here wouldve sealed it. Hed never met a more tender heart. Without a doubt, he was in love with her. 
Overtaken by emotions, he was unable to utter a word. He had to show her. Caleb scooted as close as possible to her, placed his palms on the side of her face again, and ran both thumbs along her tear-streaked cheeks. 
He was entranced in her eyes that were still glossed over with tears. Closing the gap between them, he kissed her like never before. Parting her lips with his own, he darted his tongue into her mouth and deepened the kiss. Feeling his libido start to take over, he knew they had to stop. It had been a very long time since hed been intimate with a woman, and he was a starving man, proving they would need to take this part of their relationship very slowly. 
Afraid that she would feel like he was rejecting her, he gradually and tenderly broke their kiss before he no longer had restraint.
Mesmerized, his words just came out. Abby Sullivan, I am so in love with you. I dont know what I would do without you in my life. Please dont worry about these little things, or people that try to steal your joy. Madison will be just fine in the other class. Im sure shed rather have you around here all the time anyway.
Abbys eyes were wide and still somewhat dreamy. What happened to taking things slow?
He grinned, unable to help himself. The cats out of the bag anyway, so I figured what the hell, Ill tell you how I really feel. He leaned back to give her a little space.
But she followed, leaning into him, her hand on his chest. Im in love with you, too, Caleb. Have been for a while.
Thank God! He pulled her in for another kiss, but knowing his hormones wanted his brain to take a backseat, he decided to break it quickly. You hungry?
He dragged his fingers slowly down her face as she nodded. Good, because I made you a special dinner. He quickly amended, Well, its the first time Ive ever made it, so lets hope its special. He motioned toward the centerpiece on the dinner table behind the couch. Those are for you.
Peeking around him, she smiled. How did you know hydrangeas are my favorite...wait, when did Leah deliver those? Naturally, she knew her best friend had dropped the flowers off.
He let out a guilty chuckle. Like two minutes before you walked up. Im surprised you didnt see her pulling out of my driveway.
She sighed and laughed softly. It was good to see her happy again. After my awful day, I wouldnt have noticed Adam Levine pulling out of your driveway.
He raised an eyebrow. Adam Levine? From Maroon 5?
Yeah. What can I say? I kinda adore him. Hes my free pass. She lifted her shoulders, then giggled nervously.
He was confused. What does that mean? There was no way she was referring to what he thought.
You know, the celebrity Im allowed to be with no matter who Im actually seeing. She didnt look so sure of herself, or her answer, when his scowl expanded and an audible growl rumbled in his chest.
The inner Neanderthal came out of him. Abby. Slowly, he moved their bodies down until her back was flat on the couch, and she was under him. His face was mere inches above hers. I hope youre kidding. Youre a part of me now, and I dont allow free passes. I would beat the hell out of any son of a bitch who even looked at you and thought he had a chance. Hovering over her, his urge to claim her mouth with a deep, passionate kiss took over.
Calebs lips were demanding against hers, until a little voice asked, Daddy, why are you kissing Miss Abby? 
Shit!
 



Caleb wished more than anything that he could celebrate Thanksgiving at his home this year, instead of at his parents in Chicago. Grace and Robert had decided to join Abbys mom and step-dad on a Thanksgiving weekend cruise, but Caleb couldnt help but feel as though they wouldve rather been anywhere other than his parents house. He understood completely, and only came here out of courtesy himself.
Hed only be away from Abby for one day, but he couldnt believe how much he already missed her. When hed asked her to come with him and Madison, shed said that she already promised to go with Leah to her moms house. Reading her body language, he knew it probably had more to do with all the unsavory stories hed shared about his family. Then again, it couldve had something to do with the fact that she was still uneasy about Madison catching them making out on the couch. 
He wasnt overjoyed about it either since Madison hadnt even been aware they were dating. But, if Abby had decided to come with them, Caleb wouldve insisted on separate rooms anyway.
It had only been a couple weeks since theyd been officially together, but he knew. She was the one for him. Still trying to take it slowly because of her past, he prayed she felt the same. He understood she had some baggage, and he hoped shed allow him to be the one to help her unpack her hurts. Once she did, he knew in his heart that Abby would be open to a deeper commitment to him.
Now Madison was playing in one of the upstairs bedrooms with Bri, while Caleb and Stefen hid out in the formal lounge, avoiding their parents as long as possible. 
They sat on the uncomfortable white Chesterfieldleather couch that was all for show, just like everything else in this house. Although theyd talked on the phone and texted often, he and Stefen hadnt been in the same room since the last Thanksgiving at Calebs house. It was nice to finally spend time with him. 
Stefen started with the banter as soon as hed joined Caleb in the large sterile-looking room. Why didnt you bring this girl that has you acting like such a chick?
He rolled his eyes. Shes with her best friends family. Honestly, Im okay with it now that Im here and remember what its like. I dont want to scare her off. Id rather be farther into our relationship before bringing her home to meet you. Caleb punched his cousin in the arm, priding himself on doing it first. It never took long for the fists to start flying.
Ow, you prick. Youre going to leave a bruise. Stefen rubbed his bicep, then smirked.
Pansy ass, Caleb threw back at him. They loved messing with each other the way only guys could.
Are you afraid Id steal her? I am the handsome one. He ran his fingers down his chiseled, scruff-covered jaw, lifting one of his well-groomed eyebrows above his hazel eyes.
With your ego? Caleb chuckled. Hell no. My girl would never give you a second glance. You and your high maintenance looks are not her type. Even though Stefen did somewhat resemble a male underwear model, he couldnt picture it.
What the hell does that mean? Stefen grumbled. Im every womans type. Im flexible like that. 
Damn, his little cousin was arrogant. It was fun teasing him, but Caleb was also bothered. He really wished Stefen would wise up, see what life was really about, and stop living this pompous faade they had grown up with. 
Staring absently at the chandelier in the entryway, he let out an exasperated breath. This same long-standing argument was getting old.
Moving forward a bit, Caleb peered around his cousin. In the nearby dining room, his overly made-up mom and aunt were sneering at each other over their wine glasses. Same as usual. One would never guess that theyd actually been best friends at one point, long ago. Caleb imagined their fathers were in the office, talking business. He expected the summons for Stefen to join them soon. 
Yep, typical Thanksgiving gathering.
Sitting back on the unpleasant couch, Caleb inquired, So, what ever happened to that sweet innocent girl you were going out with the last time we talked?
Im done with her. Lets just say shes not so innocent anymore. Stefen wiggled his eyebrows. 
Un-freaking-believable. Stefen was a grown professional and still acting like he was tainting college freshman. It was disgusting.
You are an absolute asshole, you know that, right? He couldnt believe Stefen was still playing the same games theyd perfected during college. He imagined his cousin did very well with women since he did have a successful career, a crap load of money, charisma. And yeah, Caleb could admit, devilishly good looks. His sense of superiority was ridiculous, though.
Yeah, but I dont really give a damn. Stefen shrugged. I didnt force her. She was free to leave whenever she wanted. I never lied to her. She knew what the deal was. Stefen was as confident in his stance as he was with his words.
Caleb sighed. Despite what you want other people think of you, I really do have hope. One day, I promise youre going to meet that girl.  She is going to knock you on your ass and youre gonna have to change. You will hate every stupid decision you made in the past and wish you had made better choices. Hed bet the trust fund his grandfather left for him on it.
You keep those false hopes, Stefen said, almost dismissive. Im not you, and thats not what I want. I enjoy having many women in my life. No woman has ever stood a chance of being asked to eat breakfast with me, let alone having enough influence to make me regret my choices. He shook his head, cocky and resolute. Never going to happen.
Fed up with this chauvinistic viewpoint, Caleb stood up, his arms crossed over his chest. Not everything is about you, he reminded Stefen. Have you considered the fact that the women you take home may not want what you have to offer? 
He knew Stefen would never force a girl into anything, but Caleb worried he might use his womanizing skills to confuse them long enough to do things theyd regret later.
Stefen stood up and pointed to himself, trying to match Calebs stance, but failing, since, unlike his cousin, he was less than six feet tall. Please. Look at me. Women fall all over each other to get to me.
Youre so damn arrogant, I swear, Stefen. How could he still not get it? Im not even talking about your damn looks. That can only take you so far. Im talking about what you bring to the table. What if a woman really doesnt want sex? With you or anyone else? What do you do when a woman refuses you?
Stefen pursed his lips. Thats never happened before. But if it did, there would be plenty of others to choose from.
Calebs body was starting to vibrate with fury, when Bri entered the room. As usual, just her presence softened any egotistical attitudes. Although Stefen disrespected other women, he loved his sister and treated her like royalty. Caleb felt the same. They were all each others rocks.
What are you guys talking about? Bri had only been in town for about an hour. 
Your manwhore brother, Caleb grumbled. 
Stefen wasnt even offended. He just shrugged his shoulders.
Ah, so nothing new, huh? Bri didnt look surprised in the least.
Nope. Caleb was clearly disappointed by the lives both of his cousins led.
So, Bri, you flew in on your own? Stefan changed the topic, concern lacing his voice. 
She sat down and started fidgeting with the couchs arm. Yeah, I broke things off with John just before I left Barcelona. 
Stefen dropped beside her and pulled her into a hug. Caleb placed a reassuring hand on her shoulder and squeezed. He really hoped theyd both find someone and settle down soon. He wanted them to experience even a sliver of the happiness hed been so blessed to discover.



Abby sat at the lavishly decorated rectangular table. The dining room was cozy, and the incredible smell of Leahs mom, Maries, extravagant cooking filled the air. 
So, Leah tells us youre dating that gentleman from Leticias wedding. Maria gave Abby an approving wink. So handsome. Muy Guapo. Congratulations. 
Yeah, its only been a couple weeks, but I really like him. Abby couldnt contain her dreamy smile.
Stop pretending, amiga. Your words dont match the little twinkle in your eye. Leah made a gesture by her eye as though it was sparkling, then patted Abbys forearm. Mama, this girl right here has found the man of every womans dreams, and shes in love.
Abby couldnt hold in her nervous laugh as she glanced around at the many faces around the Thanksgiving dinner table.
Oh, mija, Im so happy for you. Maria reached passed Leah, held Abbys hand, and rubbed the top with her palm. Youre like one of my girls and seeing you glowing just warms my heart. Youre so deserving of a good man. 
Abby chanced a glance at Leahs oldest sister, Elena, as she glared across the table. It wasnt a secret that Maria didnt approve of Elenas husband, and Abby imagined this statement probably hurt Elenas feelings. Elena had never brought a guy home that her family accepted. Her oldest sons father was never introduced to the family. Once she found out she was pregnant, the sperm donor admitted he was married. Abby was told hed been Elenas teacher at the university.
Abby didnt know too much about the father of Elenas second child, but thought she was the result of a one night stand. Her current husband owned his own corporation and worked a lot. He didnt enjoy spending too much time at home with the family. Abby supposed it might have something to do with the fact that his children were grown adults and these kids werent his. He hadnt joined them for Thanksgiving. 
Abby scanned the other end of the table, where the kids sat, unsociable with earphones in their ears, ignoring everyone around them. 
Leah bumped Abbys elbow. Not your problem. Dont worry about her. 
Man, her best friend really could read her like a book. Daniella, or as they liked to call her, Dani, their middle sister, sat on the other side of Abby. There were many times Abby had felt as though she was the third sister in this family and not Elena.
This turkey is amazing as always, Mama. Leah praised her moms cooking whenever she sat at her dinner table. To Abby, she said, The original recipe is for gallo en chicha, which is basically like the french dish, Coq au vin, but it works well for Thanksgiving turkey, too. Realizing her mistake, Leah backtracked. I dont know why I tell you these things. Its not like youre ever going to make it. Then she took another bite of the white meat full of juice on her plate.
Sal, Marias boyfriend, asked, Why wouldnt you make this, Abby? Its delicious. Its become a Thanksgiving staple for us. You can make it when you marry this boyfriend of yours. Sal winked teasingly. 
Abby really liked him and thought he was a great man for Maria. Sal had been Leahs fathers partner on the police force when hed been alive so many years ago. Sals wife had died early on in their marriage as well. Abby was told that their mutual sorrow had brought Sal and Maria together, ultimately helping them heal.
Across the table was Manuel. He hadnt looked at Abby since Leah proclaimed Abbys love for Caleb. 
Out of nowhere, he said, Shes a vegetarian. Apparently nothing at this table is good enough for her. 
What the heck was that for? It wasnt like theyd dated or anything. Shed actually considered it when she first met him because he was good looking, but then he had to go and ruin it by opening his mouth.
Clearing his throat, Sal took the opportunity to change subjects by standing to make a toast. Im so glad everyone was able to make it today. Thanksgiving has always been a special time for us, so I think it only fitting to finally make an announcement today, in front of all of you. He pulled Maria up next to him. After all these years, I finally got up the courage to ask this beautiful woman to become my bride. 
Elena started to choke on her food, her face turning a violent shade of red. Manuels chair fell back and banged loudly against the wall as he jumped up and started frantically pounding on Elenas back.
Pendejo, thats not what you do when someones choking. Daniella rounded the table to help her sister out. Once she was okay, all eyes went back to Sal and Maria.
Well, Mama? Leah asked with hopeful eyes.
Maria threw her hands up in the air as if declaring the most obvious thing in the world. A sparkling diamond ring glistened for all to see. Of course I said yes!
Every person at the table jumped up to congratulate the couple. Everyone except Elena. It was apparent that her pride was hurt from everyone staring while she coughed up her food. She slumped in her chair, her arms crossed tightly across her chest, a frown on her face.
There is more, though, Maria said, quieting everyone. As you know, Sal is also running for Congress, and if he wins, well be moving to Sacramento.
What? Elena screeched. When is this going to happen? What am I supposed to do? She relied on her mothers help with her kids. 
Abby cringed and sensed this dinner was about to go from bad to worse.
Elena! Leah and Dani yelled in unison, glaring daggers at her.
Dont you think its a coincidence that Moms marrying Papis best friend after he died? All shocked eyes were on Elena and her nearly visible fangs. Were you guys having an affair when Papi was alive, too?
Marias gasp was audible. Nia, cmo te atreves! How dare you!
What the hell is wrong with you? Dani yelled across the table. Papi has been dead for thirteen years. Cant you just be happy for Mama? 
Elenas death glare wouldve made anyone else back down, but not Dani. 
Dani held her chin up. Why dont you leave? The kids can stay. 
Elena jolted up from the table, popping her hip, and resting her clenched fist there. Are you throwing me out of my mothers house on Thanksgiving?
No. I am. Everyone in the room went dead quiet, all eyes turning to Leahs normally soft-spoken mother. You need to leave now and come back when you have an apology, nia. She silently fumed, Sal holding his palm against her back for support.
Fine, Elena growled. Come on kids. She pulled them up by their arms. Neither knew what was going on because theyd been focused on their video games.
Pedo, Mami, I havent finished my food yet, her oldest, Paul complained.
Well, tough shit, lets go. She continued to yank at both kids.
Do not treat my grandchildren like that, Maria demanded.
Fine, you keep them then. Dropping their arms, Elena stormed around the table and slammed the front door on her way out.
Abby gulped, wishing she wasnt standing in the middle of the drama. Shed wanted to melt into the chair somehow.
Shes such a selfish bitch sometimes, Leah murmured as she sat back down, throwing her napkin onto her half eaten plate.
Im sorry, everyone. Please sit, lets enjoy our meal together. Shell blow off some steam, itll be fine. Maria had so much pain on her face.
Well, Mami, I dont care what she said, the rest of us are extremely happy for you guys. Leah attempted to comfort her mom with her words.
Sal still stood frozen. 
Mi Amor, its okay. Sit down, Maria begged him.
Nothing like family drama for the holidays, Manuel muttered aloud. 
Man, Abby was glad she never went out with that guy.



Abby was glad to be home. She adored going to Leahs family gatherings, but it wasnt out of character for Elena to cause issues.
Throwing her things on the coffee table, Abby strolled down the hallway toward her bedroom. Leah had understood that she just wanted to be alone the rest of the night. Truthfully, Abby really wanted Caleb to be here with her. She couldnt believe how much she missed him in the short time theyd been separated. Her heart ached in his absence.
Her cell rang, just as she was pulling her pajama bottoms on. She hadnt given him a special ringer or anything, but she knew it was Caleb before looking at the caller ID.
Hello, handsome, she purred. Wait, when did I start purring?
Hello, my lovely lady, his voice hummed through the earpiece, melting Abbys heart, sending butterflies fluttering in her belly.
What time is it there? After throwing her hair into a ponytail, she made her way back into the living room.
Midnight. We got back to Stefens a couple hours ago, and everyone just headed for bed. I couldnt go to sleep without talking to you first. We havent been apart in almost two weeks.
I was thinking about calling too, but figured you were already asleep. Hows my Maddie girl doing? Abby picked up the remote control from the couch, tossed it on the coffee table, then curled up in the corner, anticipating his sexy voice.
Shes been asleep for the last few hours. Bri has her in the guest room with her. I got stuck on the couch. He chuckled.
Is that why the low voice? I thought that was for me. What am I saying? She wasnt normally all flirty.
Oh, it is for you. 
How was it possible for a few words to make her body actually tingle? She started to breathe heavily. 
She could hear his grin over the phone. And is the panting for me? Abby, you cant do that when Im not there touch you. 
Damn, she was about to burst into flames. 
Abby? You still there, baby? His deep voice vibrated through her ear straight to her heart as well as other places.
Stop that, no fair. Youre better at this than me. She was blushing, even though he wasnt there to see it.
Better at what? he chuckled. Missing you?
Not sure where their conversation was headed, she shyly said, No, you know, the sexy talk.
This is not sexy talk. Im saving that for later. 
Did I just stop breathing, because Im suddenly lightheaded? 
He mustve heard her lack of breath. Relax. Im only teasing. Maybe I spent too much time with Stefen today. He laughed out loud at that.
How was your Thanksgiving? Needing to change the subject, she was ready to jump on a flight to Chicago to attack him.
The usual. Parents arguing, drunken aunt passed out, pissed off uncle because of said drunken aunt. Stefen, Bri and I sitting back, watching it all unfold, just like we did when we were kids.
Im so sorry, where was Madison?
I know better than to subject her to that. I always have my old nanny come when were here so she can spare Madison from the spectacle. They ate dinner and went up to the study to read and color. My nanny was more of a mother than my real mother was.
Abby frowned. You havent told me about this before. There was so much they still had to learn about each other.
I know, Caleb sighed. Its not something I enjoy talking about. Stefen, Bri and I all grew up with absentee parents. Its why were so close. We had to rely on each other. Our dads were always working or out of town with their girlfriends, and our moms were either fighting with each other, with our dads, or at some type of charity event. Youd never guess they were best friends in college.
They were best friends? What happened?
My mom and dad got pregnant with me, and then were forced to get married. My aunt kind of had a thing for my dad, so it was quite a shock for her I guess, and its been crap since.
I couldnt ever imagine Leah and I fighting over a man. Abby didnt understand why girls would throw away their friendships over guys.
I hope not. I really like Leah, but I love you, and Im the last guy youll ever have in your life. 
Silence. 
What was she supposed to say to that? 
She could almost hear him wince. Too soon?
No, you just caught me off guard. 
He was beyond swoon-worthy. Now that she thought about it, shed willingly spend the rest of her life fighting off any other women that would want him.
After a slight lull in their conversation, Caleb switched topics. So, you havent told me about your dad. Given any thought to finding him? I have some connections. 
Shed forgotten that, on the way home from the observatory, theyd talked about her looking for her dad.
Not wanting to sound like she didnt appreciate his concern, she replied, No, I havent, and honestly Im not interested. He made his choice, and Ive been in Santa Barbara my entire life, so he can find me if he wants to. Im not hiding.
How would you feel if he came looking for you? Caleb asked carefully. 
I dont know. It would be difficult, but I wouldnt shut him out. She didnt hate her father, but she was still hurt that he had left them. And besides the money hed left for her college fund, he had still never made contact.
Okay, well, just let me know if you decide to. Im here for you, whatever you want. 
She smiled, wishing she could snuggle up to him right now. Thanks, but I dont see me changing my mind. A little chilly, she shivered and pulled one of the throw comforters from the back of the couch around her body.
You didnt tell me about your Thanksgiving. How was it?
Full of drama as well. She continued to tuck herself into the blanket, carefully pushing the soft material around her feet.
Do tell. I havent had enough of my own.
Not really wanting to relive her evening, yet accepting any excuse to keep him on the phone, she shared what had happened. From the engagement announcement to the choking to Elenas final outburst.  
Wow. Caleb full on laughed. Im happy for Leahs mom, but what was up with Elena?
Shes always like that. She cant stand to see other people happy. She gave me dirty looks, as a matter of fact, when she found out we were dating.
So, you were talking about me, huh? he teased.
Abby couldnt help but smile. Well, Leah told her mom, and then she asked me about you, so yeah, I guess I was talking about you.
Good because I talked about you too.
Leah swallowed. To your parents?
Yeah, but mostly to Stefen and Bri. Stefen likes to give me a hard time, but Bri validated that youre quite the catch, so he went easy on me. Julianne was really happy too. She cant wait to meet you.
Julianne? 
Yeah, my nanny.
Oh, you didnt tell me her name. Relief filled her. Shed pictured another woman at the table next to Caleb. 
Were you just jealous? His teasing voice did crazy things to her tingling body.
No, she lied. Its just funny for me to hear a grown man refer to her as though she was still your nanny.
Shell always be my nanny. She treats me like a son, chastising and all.
Abby giggled. Aww, did you misbehave?
His husky voice lowered, Always do, Abby. 
Oh manThere he went again.                



Once they returned from the Thanksgiving break, Madison and a few other students were switched from one class to another, but those few parents continued to complain daily. After a week of hearing their bellyaching, Principal Hanson decided that the best course of action would be to transfer Abby to the fifth grade class and bring in a new kindergarten teacher that hed wanted to hire for a while. It worked out well for the school because, the teacher in that grade had just gone out on maternity leave. 
Abby was devastated, but didnt have any fight left in her. Fifth graders were not her favorite age group, between that stage of child and teenager. In general, she found them to be a pretty disrespectful group of kids. The stinky, prepubescent teenagers apparently hadnt learned the importance of deodorant either, and she really didnt know the best way teach them.
It broke her heart to think she would no longer be with her sweet kindergarteners, all because of politics and snotty moms. There was no denying her relationship with Caleb, though. At pick up time one day, one of those damn moms, Pam Steller, asked Abby right in front of all the other parents if she was dating him. Pam was one of the more aggressive divorcees that had her eye on Caleb. 
Proudly, Abby admitted that she and he were, in fact, together. The sourpuss look on Pams face was worth the risk. Looking back, Abby shouldve been mindful of the ramifications. Instead she felt ecstatic, like she was announcing to the popular girls that the school quarterback chose her over them. 
Oh well. She couldnt bring herself to care. It was the best feeling ever.



Driving to the Christmas tree lot, Abby sat in the passenger seat next to her boyfriend. She loved calling him that. My boyfriend. Her tummy fluttered at the thought. Being an independent woman, she prided herself on having the ability to do things on her own, but there was just something about having a guy help you bring your Christmas tree in for you. 
Feeling the smile spread across her face, she placed her hand on top of his, then looked at Madison who sat behind Caleb. The little girl wore a smile similar to her own. This felt so right and natural, as though they were all supposed to be together. Abby would do anything to have them as her family.
Pulling up to the lot, the threesome got out of the car and walked hand in hand to where the glorious smell of pine infused the cool air. Abby filled her lungs with the aroma she loved so much. She was an eco-friendly gal, but there was nothing like a fresh cut Christmas tree. Using a fake tree when shed first became eco-aware helped her realize that some things were too special and not worth changing.
There were so many fond childhood memories attached to the smell and feel of a real Christmas tree in her home, even if she was the only person to smell and see it. The artificial tree now sat in her garage, providing a home for an entire family of spiders, and she wasnt about to take it away from them. On many occasions, shed imagined them plotting her demise by attacking in the middle of the night. No thanks. They could have it.
Madison hopped excitedly over to a huge Douglas fir that was well over eight feet tall. Daddy, I like this one. Can we get this big fat tree? She flashed him her big brown eyes. 
Hmmm, girlfriend knows how to get to her daddys soft spot.
Caleb ran his fingers through the branches, smelled the pine sap left on his fingers, and then walked around the enormous tree. With a huge grin, he agreed. I like it. Lets take it.
Miss Abby, time to find yours now. Madison started to skip away when Caleb pulled her back.
Honey, you have to stay with us. Therere too many people here. You could get lost.
Okay, Daddy, Im sorry. I just got ascited. This little girl really knew how to pull on Calebs heart strings, and Abby was starting to catch every time she worked her magic.
Its okay, pumpkin, but stay with us, please. We have to get someone to take this tree and put it aside, and then we can look for Miss Abbys. 
Abby loved watching Caleb play his daddy role. Not only did it warm her heart, but quite honestly, it was downright sexy.
Catching her ogling him, Caleb pulled the side of his lip into a smirk, moved in close and whispered in her ear, You see something you like? 
She nodded right before his lips pressed just under her ear. A tingle went down her spine, and she no longer cared who they were or who was around.
Why are you kissing here? Go under the mistletoe. 
Both adults whipped their heads in the direction of the little girls voice and pulled apart. Innocently, Madison pointed to the bundle of leaves held together with a red ribbon, hanging a couple of feet away from them. They had both gotten caught up in the moment, forgetting Madison was there.
An attendant approached Caleb to offer his help before Abby said, I think Im going to check the ones back here. Meet me in a few? 
Her boyfriend winked at her. Doesnt he understand what that does to me?
Strolling through the trees, she was unable to resist running her fingers along the branches, continuing to inhale the air. It was a sunny day, the light poking through the branches. The cool breeze tickled her face. Abby stood and closed her eyes for a moment, taking it in. Shed never been so happy in her life. Everything was working out, and she was in love with a beautiful man, and his daughter.
Whirling around, she opened her eyes and ran smack dab into a sweater. A really hard one. Flustered, she looked up at the owner of the soft material. 
Hey, Abs. Sweater guy was grinning down at her.
Backing away, Abby tried not to show her instant irritation by offering a quick, polite greeting. Hello, Peter. 
Abby glanced around to see if she could spot any of his family members, then she noticed the fianc his sister so tactfully introduced them to at the Chowder Festival. The woman Abby knew as Janice appeared to be searching for something. Or Someone.
I think your girl is looking for you over there. She pointed at the female who appeared to be helpless. Abby felt for her. Janice probably had no idea what shed agreed to when she decided to marry Peter and move back to his hometown.
Shes fine, but we need to talk. He looked unsure, his fingers fidgeting. Abby, I want to know where my child is. His tone was tender, as though he truly did long to find this non-existing child. 
This threw Abby for a loop. She didnt know if she should feel hate or sorrow for him. Im not going to talk to you about this here, Peter.
Then meet me somewhere, he insisted. I want to know what happened.
You were there. You know what happened. She was starting to get pissed when a sense of calm suddenly came over her rigid body. Caleb was near. Leisurely, he drew Abby to his side, kissing her temple. You remember my boyfriend Caleb, right? That felt damn good to say to the guy who had caused so much pain in her life. Plus, Caleb was way hotter than Peter. It was childish, but she couldnt help mentally sticking her tongue out at her ex-boyfriend, broadcasting a big fat neener-neener.
Nice to see you again. Peter did the guy nod of acknowledgment, which Caleb returned. I heard it was official, but kind of guessed it already was when we saw you at the festival. The jerk had the nerve to smile as though he had known a secret before anyone else had.
Whos this? Madison pointed to Peter. 
Abby watched her ex doing the math in his head, like he was calculating Madisons age. When he seemed satisfied with the number he came up with, and knew this wasnt his child, he appeared to relax a bit.
This is someone I went to school with, sweetie, Abby chimed, answering her innocent question. She wasnt about to give Peter credit for being anything more.
Okay. Can we go look for your tree now, Miss Abby? 
Abby smiled. Thank God for impatient little girls.
Works for me. Casually starting to stroll away with Madison, Abby glimpsed over her shoulder and waved. See you later. Caleb stood there like he didnt know what he was supposed to do until Abby tugged on his hand, pulling him along behind her.



After dropping Abbys tree off at her house and dragging the other one into Calebs living room, a cell phone rang. 
Abby pulled hers out of her purse. Its my mom. Do you mind if I take this?
Of course not. He sat at one of the barstools in the kitchen, watching her walk away. It did something to him, seeing her so comfortable in his space. He liked that. A lot. Smiling to himself, he got up, grabbed the tree stand and set it up when memories of Rene suddenly started to bombard him. 
When theyd decided to look for a house in Santa Barbara, shed had one requirement. It had to contain the perfect spot for a Christmas tree. They had rejected several homes before finding this one. None of them had that perfect space. But once they walked into this place, and he saw her expression, Caleb knew this was their home.
It was different to think about Rene now. He had so many fond memories of her. But now that he had Abby in his life, it didnt hurt like it used to. Abby said she didnt mind when he talked about Rene, though he couldnt help but wonder if shed ever been uncomfortable without telling him.
Madison came running into the living room, throwing her little body on the couch. Daddy, can we decorate now? She said it in a slightly whiny tone. Hed noticed she started doing this more and more lately.
No, lets allow it to sit here a bit and get settled. After we have some lunch, we need to get ready for the Festival of Lights. Remember, we told Grammy wed meet them later.
She tilted her head in a thinking way. I forgot about the festabal. I love the lights on the boats. 
He smiled, feeling his heart swell up. He loved the way she enunciated words. It was going to be a sad day when Madison finally started to pronounce all of her words correctly.
We can decorate tomorrow morning. Why dont you go upstairs and play for now.
She instantly perked up. Can I go check on my plant? Shed been tending to the lima bean plant for months now and was so proud of how much it had grown. He imagined that pods would appear by spring.
He chuckled at her eagerness. Of course, sweetie.
She bounced through the kitchen and out through the sliding glass door. She seemed to always be bouncing or skipping. He loved that she was such a happy child.
Abby came into the living room and plopped next to Caleb, snuggling into his chest. 
He rubbed a hand along her shoulder. Everything okay with your mom?
Yeah, she was just telling me about her next planned cruise over the Christmas holiday. Im surprised they havent bought their own boat and moved in. She was pouting. When he watched his daughter do this, she held his heart. When he witnessed this sexy woman do it, she had his soul.
Though he wasnt going to let her feel sorry for herself. Your mom has worked hard her entire life, babe. She deserves this. 
She sighed. I know, but its hard not having her around sometimes. She pursed her lips.  Naturally his eyes darted to them. Am I being selfish? she asked with wide, sad eyes. 
He tucked a piece of hair behind her ear. Not at all. You should spend more time with her though, youre her only daughter. He couldnt imagine Madison not spending a lot of time with him when she was an adult.
She has Dave now. She doesnt need me. 
Caleb had to chuckle at the whine in her voice. She was sounding eerily similar to his daughter. How can you say that? Every mother needs her daughter, no matter how old.
Maybe, I dont know. She stared across the room, not really seeing. It seems like I spend more time, and get along better, with Grace. My mother is a completely different person than when I was growing up. Shes got her own life now, and it doesnt always include me. 
Caleb finally figured it out. She was hurt. Thats why she was pouting.
To comfort her, he began rubbing circles on her back. You have to understand things from her perspective though, love. She was a single mother for so long, then you left for college, and she became an empty nester overnight. Im sure she was lonely. Noticing these words werent comforting her, he continued. Now she has Dave. As her husband, hes her life partner, so she should be spending her time with him. That doesnt have to leave you out. Hes an addition to your family, not someone who took her from you. Caleb was a firm believer that there could be a great balance between parents, spouses, and children. Everyone had a place in the equation.
I guess youre right, she relented sullenly. It still stinks that she doesnt want to spend Christmas with me, though. She was already gone for Thanksgiving. And there was the real hurt. She wanted her mothers time and attention during the holidays. Well, he would make sure she didnt have a moment to even think about it this year.
Snuggling back into his chest, she opened up. When I was growing up, my mom used to sing that song, You and Me Against The World by Helen Reddy every night before I went to sleep. She peered up at him through her long lashes. It was our thing. But youre right, she has her things now, and I have mine. She gave him a wicked smile suddenly that penetrated deep into his primitive, hungry core.
Clearing his throat, he moved her body to a sitting position before he acted on his feelings. Its a normal evolution of life. One day our kids will grow up and have their own lives separate from us, and well need to be here together as partners through it all. 
Just as hed hoped, she started to blush. Hed been missing that. Now that they were officially together, she didnt blush for him as much. 
A smile hit his lips while he looked into her surprised face. You heard me.
Tilting down to kiss her on the forehead, he took the opportunity to move on to another matter. Now, we need to discuss something else. Today at the tree lot was extremely awkward with Peter and
Abby interrupted him. I know, Im so sorry. Youve been subjected to that two times now.
Patiently, he answered, What I was going to say was that it doesnt have to be awkward. You need to deal with this. You have to figure out a way to work through this with him for your well-being, love.
That idea seemed to pain her. I dont need to think about him, Caleb. Im with you. 
She seemed so sure of that answer, but Caleb wasnt giving up. He had no interest in running into this guy all over town and have this weird cloud follow.
Moving a calming hand up and down her back, he explained, Yes, youre with me, but you really cant be completely happy until you forgive those that you feel have wronged you. Youre going to keep hauling that same heavy load of junk around until you get this over with. He pulled her into a strong embrace, wanting her to know he was being supportive, not attacking her.
She moved in closer, causing the leather on the couch to squeak. He was glad she felt his love, not rejection. 
Have you been talking to Leah about this? she questioned.
No, but if the two people who love you see that this needs to happen, then maybe you should consider it. Placing his nose on the top of her head, he took a sniff. Today her hair had a pine fragrance. She smelled just like Christmas.
He doesnt deserve my forgiveness, she said quietly, her voice full of so much hurt.
Youre right, he said carefully. But forgiveness isnt given for his sake. You do it for your own. Even if he were to say that he doesnt want your forgiveness, which Im sure he wont say, you do it for yourself. You can leave that heavy weight at his feet and walk away, feeling so much lighter. Youll keep running into him, its inevitable. This town is too small. Even if you dont see him, you will see one of his family members.
I dont know, Im kind of an avoider. She started fidgeting with her fingers. Id rather just stay clear of him.
He sighed. I know it seems easier, but trust me, youll feel so much better afterward. Its one conversation and maybe a little counseling, because I dont think youve fully dealt with the death of your child either. That look on her face wasnt good. Maybe he was pushing her too far. Im sorry, I didnt mean to upset you, but this is kind of my point. You should be able to talk about it without it upsetting you so much, and I really want you to be happy.
She blinked a few times, her eyes glossed over. I have to think about this, Caleb. Its a bit much all at once. Pulling away from his touch, he felt the cold air replace her.
If she was going to pull away, he was going to follow her. Slowly, so he didnt scare her off, he moved closer and placed his hand on hers. You can do this, Abby, he said softly, gently. And Ill be behind you the entire time. Whether you want me involved when you have the conversation or just for moral support. I can also refer you to the counselor that helped me with Renes passing. She was fantastic.
A shrink? Abby looked at Caleb like hed just grown two heads.
No, a counselor, he amended. Shell give you tools that can help you deal with everything. Like I said, I want to help you through this. Any way you need me to.
She was silent for a long moment, but it looked like she was thinking about it. That was a good sign, right? 
She glanced down at his hand on top of hers, making no move to remove it but also not moving closer to him. Let me think about it, please.
Sure. Whenever youre ready. 
It was a good thing the conversation was already over because, not more than five seconds later, sounds of little feet came bouncing across the kitchen floor, and Madison reentered the room. Can I have a peanut butter sandwich and hot cocoa please?



Abby was dead on her feet by the time she got home from the Festival of Lights. This was yet another tradition her mom and she had shared while growing up, but they hadnt gone together these last couple of years. 
Her mom and husband did make it this time, joining their large group. Abby was delighted that Leah closed the flower shop early enough to meet them. Grace and Robert also came. Their party covered a large area on the sand just outside of the harbor. 
Like previous years, the boats parading through the harbor were so beautifully decorated. The Christmas lights bounced off the water as they sailed by. It was breathtaking. 
Abby had stood next to Calebs warm body as he held Madison in his arms, and it had given her a sense of longing. She wanted to be a part of their lives, more than she needed her next breath. Caleb had been talking about marriage often, but she didnt know if hed decided that she was the one he wanted forever. Hed said he loved her, and she believed him, but for life? Could he love her endlessly after knowing her such a short time? Christmas was around the corner. Would it be absurd to think that a ring could be under the tree for her? 
At that thought, she smiled to herself and got ready for bed.



Kindergarten school performancesthis was what it was all about,. It was bittersweet this year, however, since it would be Abbys last opportunity to be with her kindergarteners. Calebs heart broke for her and the change she would go through. But hed made sure she knew that he was here for her every step of the way.
Madison was just approaching the small bleachers on the stage, along with the other children, as Abby and her co-teacher, Melissa, directed them. Standing in her brown sweat suit, reindeer ears, and a light up red nose, his little girl waved at him from center stage. Abby had used her pull and favoritism to make Madison into Rudolph. He couldnt be upset with her for it, but knew this was Abbys last screw you to whoever was responsible for having her transferred out of kindergarten. 
Grace, Robert, Leah, and he looked on as the children began to sing Up on the Rooftop. Laughter sounded throughout the room as the first child started to pick his nose and another began to wander off and cry. Thankful his father-in-law thought ahead of time and brought the video camera, Caleb felt free to join the crowd in merriment as he snapped along to the click click click. Though the children were only attempting to snap. Their little fingers seemed incapable of actually doing it. 
It didnt matter. This, right here, was one of the best feelings Caleb could have.
The song ended way too soon. Once the five-year-olds were ushered off the stage, the next troop appeared. Caleb sat back, chatting with Leah when Abby joined them. 
She smoothed the back of her skirt as she took her seat between him and her best friend. Leaning over, she whispered. Melissa said she had the kids so I could come out here with you.
Caleb whispered back, You arent on the clock, right? 
She slightly shook her head from side to side. 
Good. Placing his arm around her shoulder, he pulled her close and kissed her forehead. Hed noticed the women all around them before hed sat down. They were all watching, hoping to find a reason to cause more problems. He wanted them to know that he couldnt care less about their agendas. He and Abby were a couple, shed been transferred already, and they no longer had anything standing in the way. Glad she followed his lead, Caleb smiled when Abby relaxed and placed her head on his shoulder.





Abby sat in the sand, allowing the cold grains to slip absently through her fingers. As the sun started to set, she watched a young girl and her mother chase each other along the shoreline, laughing and enjoying each others company. Silent tears fell down her cheeks as memories saturated her thoughts. 
Every year prior to this one, her mom and she had prepared a picnic in this very spot. It was their annual Christmas Eve tradition. Not this year, though. This time she sat here, forgotten, while her mother was off on a cruise with her stepfather.
Darkness descended, along with the heaviness in her heart. 
Words floated to Abby on the breeze, the same words her mom used to say every time they had come here. Star shining oh so bright, I wish on you this Christmas night, hoping my wish may be granted in the morning. Make a wish, Abby. Santa might hear you while hes up amongst the stars. 
At first, she thought she imagined them, and then a picnic basket dropped in front of her. She glanced up to see Grace standing above her.
Your mom called me. She thought you might be here, Grace explained as she plopped down beside Abby on the quilt, also the same blanket theyd used every year since she was a child. 
Tears still streaked across Abbys face. She wiped them away, embarrassed to be caught in such a vulnerable state.
You poor girl, come here. Grace pulled Abby into an embrace. You know, when my Rene was young, we used to indulge in an entire chocolate cake every Christmas Eve, and not once worried about our waistlines. It was our favorite extravagance over the holiday season. I miss her terribly, but over the years, Ive also learned to love new traditions. Her face was warm as she said, I brought along my famous mud cake. Care to join me? 
The picnic basket was well stocked, and Grace got out all the necessities. When a whopping quarter of the dessert was passed to Abby on a plate, along with a spoon, she instantly smelled rich chocolate and knew she was in for a treat.
Thank you, it smells wonderful. The moist cake exploded with flavor on her tongue, and Abby couldnt help but moan in pleasure.
With both of their mouths full of the baked deliciousness, they were unable to speak and, instead, took the time to admire the beautiful scenery. Multicolored lights from cafes along the pier reflected off the water, as well as the lights on the enormous Christmas tree proudly standing at the far end of the wooden dock. The waves had settled, and the water resembled a black mirror as far as the eye could see. Now that the sun had set, a cold breeze made an appearance. Only a few people remained, walking along the shore, dotting the length of the beach.
The peaceful silence was suddenly broken by an excited little voice rushing toward her. Miss Abby, Miss Abby! 
Turning, Abby saw tiny little legs pumping toward her, just before Madison jumped into her lap. Luckily, shed just put her plate down a moment ago.
As bright eyes stared up at her, the loss of her mom on this particular day faded away, satisfying her with a new sense of fulfillment. The feeling was made even more complete when Caleb crouched down, wrapped his arms around them both, and gave Abby a peck on the cheek. 
Hi, ladies. He glanced over at Grace, who winked back at him. 
Abby realized what was going on, but being played didnt bother her in the slightest. She gave both of them a small smile. 
Well, I better get going, need to fix Roberts dinner. Grace conveniently timed her goodbye as she stood up and dusted herself off. Perhaps next year Madison and you can help me bake the cake?
Before Abby got a chance to reply, Madison was jumping up and down in her lap, Can we, can we, can we?
Abby smiled widely, glancing down at the little girls enthusiastic face. That sounds like a wonderful idea.
Grace left the three of them cuddled close for warmth as the chilly night air set in. They wouldnt be able to stay out much longer. 
Caleb asked, So, I guess youre heading out soon? Going to see Leah? 
Her face dropped, feeling confused. Is he trying to hint that he doesnt want me around tonight?
Dont be silly, Daddy! Miss Abby is coming for a sleep over so she can wake up with us for presents tomorrow mornin. Arent you, Miss Abby? Although Madisons intentions were sweet, there was an awkwardness in the air.
Actually, Leah is already with her family. Abby tried to make it sound like it wasnt a big deal. She hid her face, unable to look at them while she lied. 
A warm hand cupped her chin and Caleb turned her to face him. You were going to spend Christmas Eve alone without telling me? Im sorry, I just assumed you wouldve already made plans with Leah since you didnt say anything. His smile was resolute. Youre spending tonight and tomorrow with us. You belong with us. His intense brown eyes looked into hers as he said softly, Spend the night with me. 
Shivers went down her spine, causing tingles all over her body.
Miss Abbys cold, Daddy. Its time to get her home. 
Madison was remarkably perceptive. They would have to be careful about that in the future, Abby noted. 
Caleb helped them to their feet. Leaning in with an all-knowing smirk on his face, he whispered, You werent cold, were you?



While Caleb took Madison home, Abby went back to her place to pack an overnight bag. The top drawer of her dresser had been open a full ten minutes as she stared back and forth between her warm comfy pink flannel pajamas, and a tiny black satin number. A war was going on in her head, and she didnt know what to pick. Where was her best friend when she needed her?
Still undecided, she picked up her home phone and pressed number two on her speed dial. Shed only recently putt Caleb in the number one spot. 
Hola, chica! Merry Christmas Eve! What can I do you for? Leahs overly happy voice came through the speaker. It was obvious shed been enjoying more than a few glasses of sangria in celebration tonight.
Well, I have this tiny problem and... Why had she called Leah? It shouldve been obvious there would be only one choice in her book.
Spit it out, Abby, whats the matter? 
The black item in question now dangled from her fingertips. Im staying at Calebs house tonight, she started hesitantly, and Im not sure what sleepwear to pick: cute pink flannels or the sexy satin nightie? I dont want to seem like Im throwing myself at him, but I dont want to be too frumpy either.
Leahs answer surprised her. Go with the flannels. Caleb would want you to be comfortable more than anything else. Just make sure you wear something lacy underneath. I gotta run, girl. Call me with details tomorrow. The line went dead, promptly cutting their call short.
After confirmation from her best friend, she was happy about her decision and tossed the flannel pajamas, appropriate underwear, and an outfit for tomorrow into a bag. Walking toward the front door, she reached down and picked up Madisons present, from both Caleb and Abby. Shed kept it hidden here for the last week and was going to miss having it around. Sending a quick text to her boyfriend, to let him know when to expect her, she carefully placed the sweet gift on the passenger seat.
When she pulled up to Calebs, he was waiting on the front porch. Hey. He gave her a quick kiss in greeting, then took the strap to her overnight bag off her shoulder and looked around to make sure the coast was clear. Come inside. I made dinner. Grace called to let me know you didnt get a chance to eat a proper meal, just cake.
The smell of garlic drifted toward the entrance as they walked through the door. 
You didnt have to do that. She was grateful, though. Her stomach was rumbling for some decent food.
Its nothing special. He shrugged. Just garlic pasta. I didnt have much time after I got Madison to bed, sorry.
No, its more than fine, it sounds great.
They sat down on his leather couch and dug into their pasta, chatting for quite a while. At one point, Calebs phone rang. Looking at the number, he excused himself. When he re-entered the room some time later, he had a cat-ate-the-canary type grin on his face. 
Your call went well? she assumed.
Fantastic, he replied without elaborating. How do you feel about building a dollhouse with me before we go to sleep? It looks pretty easy.
Instantly, thoughts of all those family Christmas movies where the father and mother stayed up late on Christmas Eve to put Santas presents together came to mind. I would love to. She would also love to see Madisons face when she came down the stairs to discover the dollhouse.
After a couple of hours assembling this simple project, a huge yawn escaped Abbys mouth, which she covered with her hand. Excuse me. Its been a long day. Bed time for me, I think. As soon as the words left her mouth, she realized she had no idea where shed be sleeping. Had he even brought anyone in there since Rene? 
Umm, she stammered. Surely her face was bright red. It certainly felt hot.
He let out a low chuckle, though he looked a bit nervous himself. I made up the guest bedroom for you. I didnt want you to feel like I wanted you here for the wrong reasons. 
Grateful he seemed to sense her discomfort, she nodded and followed him over to the spare room. Good night, Caleb, she whispered. 
Before leaving, he leaned down and kissed her sweetly on the lips, taking the time to savor her mouth. Goodnight, beautiful. 
He left her there, standing dazed in the doorway. No matter what happened in the morning, shed already received the best Christmas gift ever.



Sweet visions of Caleb danced behind Abbys eyelids. She snuggled deeper into the cozy down blanket, wanting to stay asleep for just a little bit longer. A contented sigh left her lips, but when giggles sounded beside her, her eyes fluttered open to see Madison kneeling beside the bed, looking up at her.
Merry Christmas, Miss Abby. Her heart swelled as the little girl, who found a place deep within her life, lifted off her knees and kissed her on the cheek. I love you.
She wondered if her heart could rupture from too much happiness. Happy tears formed in her eyes. I love you too, pumpkin. Shed been thinking about something and wanted to use this opportunity to talk to Madison. Hey, what do you say we only use Miss Abby at school, and you just call me Abby when we arent at school?
Madison had the best smile, and it happened to burst free. Yes, MissI mean, Abby. I would like that.
Unable to resist the urge, Abby pulled Madison onto the bed and cradled the little girl in her arms. Would you like to help me cook Daddy breakfast? 
Hopeful brown eyes glanced at her. Can we cook pancakes? Daddy loves pancakes. The bed rocked as she jumped up and off the side. Come on, Abby, before he wakes up. 
Abby sighed as she thought about that. What she wouldnt do to go up the stairs and wake him up herself.
Softly yanking on Abbys arm, Madison led her to the tree in the living room. First, you have to see what Santa brought. Look at this dollhouse. How does Santa know so much? I always wanted this. 
Abby held in her snicker. It was funny when small children said always, as though theyd lived a hundred years and pined after that one item every moment. 
Madison clapped her hands together. How fun would it be if it was super big and we could go inside to have a tea party? 
Secretly, Abby would love that. Growing up, her mom hadnt had a lot of money, so dreams like playhouses werent feasible. What do you say we get breakfast ready, then we play tea party with your dolls. She ran a finger through Madisons hair, tangled from sleep. 
Madison snuggled her head into Abbys side. That sounds like fun.
Strutting over to the kitchen, Abby found all the ingredients they would need in the cupboards and got to work. 
Once they had a plate filled with a stack of pancakes, Madison took off toward the bathroom.  Firm arms snaked around Abbys waist from behind and warm breath tickled her neck when Caleb moved the top of her flannel nightshirt aside. Frozen on the spot, she held onto the countertop to keep herself upright, when he brushed his lips along her shoulder. 
I love waking up to the sight of you in my home, in what I hope someday soon will be our home. At his words, she relaxed into him and let out a little moan.
I love waking up to the sight of you too, although technically I havent actually seen you yet.
He turned her around in his arms, and she got an eyeful of his bare chest and gawked. 
Merry Christmas, Abby, he chuckled.
Yes, it is. Her thoughts accidentally slipped out. I mean Merry Christmas, Caleb.



Just as they were about to open presents, Calebs phone rang again for the fifth time that morning. Covering the mouthpiece with his hand, he explained, Sorry, work stuff. 
If Abby wondered why he was getting so many work calls on Christmas morning, she didnt say anything. With one finger in the air, he indicated hed only be a minute, then he ducked into his office.
When the door clicked firmly behind him, he pushed the laptop aside and sat on top of his mahogany desk. Mom, whats up? Are you on your way? Nervous about getting caught, he threw a quick glance at the door and lowered his voice. Did you pick up the package yet?
Grace calmed his nerves by responding, Yes, everythings fine. Merry Christmas, son. 
He relaxed his tense posture and let out a breath. Thanks, Merry Christmas to you too, Mom. See you all soon. And drive safe. They both hung up, and with the knowledge that hed achieved his secret mission, he headed back out to the living room.
Upon entering, he found Madison sitting on Abbys knee, lightly shaking a gift. With a curious look on her face, she tried guessing what was inside. The tree just beside them was a beautiful vision, decorated in red, brown, and silver, and adorned with little twinkling white lights. 
Abby glanced at him. Everything okay?
He only nodded, feeling suddenly emotional. Couldnt be better.
Excitedly, Madison opened all of her goodies first, including a charm bracelet from Abby, and she was thrilled once she learned the ballet shoe charm was from Leah and her new special friends at the dance studio. Then Abby explained that the pumpkin charm was from her and her daddy, since she was their little pumpkin. Caleb sat on the arm of the couch and leaned down to squeeze Abby, amazed that she continued to find a new way to fill the smallest spaces left in his heart.
Thank you, thank you, thank you! I love my presents. Madisons glowed with happiness.
I think theres a present missing. Caleb got up, stepped over all of the messy, scrunched up wrapping paper and searched around the tree, pretending like he didnt know what was missing. Hold on. I know its here somewhere. 
He scratched his head, catching Abby staring at him. A fire burned in her eyes. The blue of her irises were intense, little bursts of light sparkling in the pools of heat, making them appear to be dancing mischievously. Caleb was finding it increasingly difficult to remember Madison was in the room as Abby leaned forward, absently twining a piece of hair around her fingers. When she started chewing on her bottom lip, he was done for. She was killing him with that look. 
He gulped. Will you help me search upstairs really quick? He needed her alone, and they had to get the present anyway, so why not?
Sure. It was a whispered breath.
Stay right here. Holding a hand up to Madison, he pulled Abby up the stairs, down the hallway, and into his very personal space. Hearing her take a deep breath as soon as they entered his room did him in. He closed the door behind them, his voice gruff. You cant look at me like that in front of Madison. His body hummed, anticipating her touch. Drawing her body into his, he delicately moved her hair away from her shoulder. Caleb bent close enough to leave feather light kisses down the side of her neck while backing her up. They stopped once the back of her knees met the end of his bed. Licking then nipping the other side of her neck, he sensed that she was completely open to whatever he wanted to do to her. It took all the self-control he had to stop as he pressed his forehead to hers. They both panted, staring into each others eyes. 
Im sorry, he said. I got a little carried away.
Its okay, Caleb. I did, too. With a sly grin, she added, I dont mind at all. 
He chuckled and refocused. Present. Hed come up here for a present. We better bring the last gift down or shell be up.
Trying to hide his current physical state, Caleb spun around and headed to his master bathroom. He needed to calm down before going back into his room.
Abby giggled. Ill grab it. You stay there until youre ready. 
Well, damn.



Madison snuggled up on the couch with the last of her Christmas gifts. Her adorable expression was precious when Caleb had handed the female kitten over, saying she was a gift from both him and Abby. It was so thoughtful that Caleb had consulted with her first. Hed been continuing to talk about their future together and wouldnt get a pet if she were allergic, or didnt like them. The grey and white fluff ball, now named Olivia, was curled contently in Madisons arms.
Only two presents remained, and neither was the size of a ring box. Trying not to show her disappointment, Abby reached for the envelope and handed it over with a smile. Merry Christmas, Caleb.
Two hockey tickets to his favorite teams next L.A. game fell out of the card as he lifted it up. Are you serious? How did you get these? They sold out weeks ago. He looked at the tickets in amazement, double-checking the details.
I got them as soon as they went on sale. She said it like it should be obvious.
Wait, we werent dating then.
I know. Abby smirked. Shed been waiting to give him those tickets for months now.
He swallowed hard and held her eyes for a moment. Thank you, I love them. He gave her a quick kiss as he picked up his own envelope for her. Merry Christmas, Abby. He explained as she opened it up, Cruise ticket vouchers. I got them for you and your mom. I thought you might like to go with her next time.
A wide smile crossed her face, and she threw her arms around his neck. Youre so thoughtful. This is very sweet of you, thank you. Abby happily returned the kiss hed just given to her, when the front door opened.
Grace, Robert, and her stepdad, Dave, entered the room when she heard a voice behind them. Abby Rose, did you wish on the star for me at our spot on the beach yesterday? Her mom poked her head around Grace.
No way. Abby shot a surprised look at Caleb before she ran to her mom, just like she used to when she was a little girl. They hugged for a long moment, then Abby looked around the room and back at her mother. No, but I sure did something right because Ive got more than I could ever imagine for Christmas this year.



The sense of family and new beginnings over the holidays instilled a need to move forward. Abby felt like her life was moving in the right direction. And Caleb had a point she needed to let go of the past. After much thought, and several hours over the last two weeks in her counselors office, she called Peter to ask him to meet her.
The fancy purple velvet chair was soft and matched the extravagance of the rest of the caf. Huge framed paintings decorated the walls, and crystal chandeliers hung from the ceiling. It was just like Peter to choose a place like this, with its frou-frou coffee. Also, it looked like old habits were still dying hardhe was still late to everything.
Nervous, she rolled the salt shaker around in her hand and eyed the clock. When someone cleared his throat beside her, she looked up to see Peter. 
Sorry Im late. I had trouble finding a place to park, he explained. There was a brief pause before he went in for an awkward hug, changing his mind at the last minute and shaking her hand. The look of horror on her face mustve deterred him from his original plan. Isnt this place great? They serve fantastic coffee. He took a seat, and Abby had to hold back a grimace. He was so pretentious. 
But today was about forgiveness for her benefit, not his. She had to let go of the bitterness. Thank you for meeting with me. A well-rehearsed speech sat in the forefront of her brain, ready to go. But before she could continue, the waitress interrupted and took their order. Peter ordered a tall caramel mocha something-or-other. Abby already had her regular drip coffee with vanilla creamer.
Of course, Ive wanted to meet with you for a while. Do you mind if I go first? Damn, now hed beaten her to the chase. 
Sure. However, she really wasnt sure. Shed hoped to just tell him she forgave him, and then walk away.
I need to tell you my side of the story. 
She sat in front of him, doe-eyed, waiting to hear what he had to say. 
He paused, flexing his fingers in front of him. Abby, you were the first love of my life. I know we were young, but I felt it. This is really difficult for me to tell you, but you need to know the truth and how sorry I am. Taking a deep breath, he continued, When you told me you were pregnant, I wasnt completely shocked, and I knew the baby was mine. I was also sure youd only had sex twice, and both times were with me. Something you dont know is that I noticed a tear in the condom right after our second time, but I didnt want to freak you out. There was guilt and regret on his face.
Abby was horrified. All this time hed known and still treated her the way he had. Her hand trembled, but she yanked it back before she did something stupid, like slap him across the face in outrage. In her speedy retreat, coffee spilled all over the table. Shoot, Im sorry.
As she started to blot the table dry with a napkin, Peter stopped her. Its fine, Abby. Here, let me. Taking the napkins from her, he wiped the table. She was still shaky after hearing what hed just laid out before her, but she could see that he really was trying to make an effort.
Once the surface was dry, he continued with his story. I was so freaked out when you told me, though. Like a nightmare had come true. I went home and talked to Tiffany about it. She reminded me of the plans I had and that I wasnt of any use to anyone as a high school drop out with a kid. I wasnt father material. I was only seventeen.
So was I, Abby whispered. Moisture started to gather in the corners of her eyes as she realized that he, too, had been frightened about all the same things, but had coped differently. It was difficult to think about his feelings, though, when her own kept surfacing.
Im not making excuses, he rushed to say. I just wanted you to know my side. If I had listened to my heart, I wouldve married you. Thats the truth. And we wouldve raised our baby together. A wistful look came over his him as he went quiet. In that moment, she realized that he had also been tortured by the decisions they had both made. And they had only been children. She needed to remind herself of that.
When his coffee was delivered to their table, he started to speak again. Stupidly, I followed my sisters advice instead, and I pushed you away. I cried myself to sleep every night, knowing what a bastard I was. 
Yes, you kinda were, she couldnt help but silently agree. But he wasnt the only one at fault. She clenched her teeth as she pressed down the fury bubbling up. So, Tiffany had a part in this, too. Shed manipulated her brother. That interfering cow.
Remember, Abby, this is for you. Dont let Tiffanys disgusting behavior get to you. She kept repeating this in her head like a mantra. You will never heal past hurts if you keep letting them upset you. Let go, you can do it. Deep calming breaths helped to center her again.
He paused, gulping and averting his gaze to the table top. When I would catch you looking at me with other girls, I would lose it. The expression on your face killed me. Then you left school right after it all went down. I can only assume you went somewhere to have the baby and give it up for adoption, because I cant imagine you aborting your child, no matter who the father is.
Abby blurted out, Youre wrong. I was going to have an abortion, but I never made it to the clinic. I had a miscarriage the night before my appointment. 
At this, his eyes went wide in surprise, but there was no anger there. Oh, wow. Sothere is no? He seemed stunned. All these years, I thought for sure I had a child out there. His eyes glossed over before he grabbed her hand. Abs, Im so sorry. For everything. Your pain and the pain Ive caused you. Can you forgive me?
Time had helped her heart mend, and working with her counselor definitely helped. She finally felt like she could honestly and truly forgive him.
She wiped her eyes with the hand that Peter wasnt holding and sniffled. Thats why I asked you here today. I wanted you to know that I forgive you. Just saying that to him, face-to-face, lifted the biggest weight off her shoulders and the noose around her heart vanished completely. She felt so free in that moment. Shed carried around this heavy weight for so long that it was amazing how a handful of words could give her the freedom shed been longing for.
Just then, a young couple with a screaming baby entered the caf, interrupting her heartfelt words. The mother was clearly stressed, and the father took the baby out of the womans hands, doing his best to calm them both. Abby watched Peter as he looked on with a pained expression. She could tell it truly had affected him that he didnt do the same for her when shed needed it. This reaffirmed that she really had made the right decision in coming there today.
I forgive you, she said again, bringing him back to their conversation. Oh man, did that feel good. His response made it even better. He stood up, pulled her to her feet, and hugged her for what seemed like an eternity.
Thank you, Abs. So much. He held her for a few more moments, and she started shifting from foot to foot, wondering when he would release her.
This is getting uncomfortable now, Peter. 
He instantly pulled back with a bashful look on his face. Im sorry. Can we sit a little longer and catch up? I really want to know what youve been doing with yourself.
Abby glanced around, uncertain. They were in a public place. They could catch up, couldnt they? She didnt know what Caleb would think of her playing catch up with an old flame. As far as he was concerned, though, she was here to forgive and to be able to move on with her life, with him, her new boyfriend. Maybe she could get away with summing it all up quickly, then be on her way? They both took their seats once again. 
Well, as you know, I became a teacher, she said. My mom remarried, and now Im happily in love with my boyfriend.
Yeah, you look like youre happily in love. A sad expression made a quick appearance on his face before vanishing. 
That was weird. She frowned. Tell me about Janice. Where did you meet? She didnt necessarily care. She was only asking to be polite as she took a sip of what was left of her coffee.
I broke off the engagement a couple of weeks ago, he admitted, glancing down at the table. Right after I saw you at the tree lot.
Abby blinked in surprise. Im so sorry, Peter. She seemed like a nice girl.
She is, but it was only fair for her. I wouldve always compared her to the one that I let slip through my fingers. Abby didnt want to make assumptions, but was Peter talking about her? My sister was already wearing her down, too. She deserves a better life than that. He really looked somber now, and her heart ached for him. How had things turned around so drastically? Shed gone from hating him to feeling bad for him, all in one afternoon.
I wanted to apologize for the whole Tiffany thing, too. Maybe its not my place, but I know shes been really hard on you. 
Yeah, whats up with her? Abby leaned in curiously, her elbows on the table and her head propped up in her hands. 
Peter sat back in his chair, shaking his head. Shes in the middle of a tough situation with her husband. Justin is a handful, as you know, and she tends to attack anyone she thinks she can manipulate. With me coming back to town and her having to move back in with my parents, its just been really difficult for her. 
But what did that have to do with her? Why me, though?
Peter sighed. This really isnt my place to share. He hesitated, eyes darting around the room before finally landing back on her. Her husband is in jail for embezzling millions of dollars, and all of her assets are frozen. 
Abby tried but failed to contain a gasp.
Shes used to buying and getting whatever she wants, but now she has nothing. She feels weak, so in order to feel that she has the upper hand, she manipulates things in her favor, even if its just to cause chaos and step away. Its been really bad since I broke things off with Janice, and she doesnt have her to push around. 
Abby struggled to feel sympathy. Tiffany clearly had issues, but she was an adult and should know better.
My parents are ready to throw her and her little brat out. Im afraid shell try to move in with me next. He gave Abby a horrified look. There is no way. Blaine will be the one stuck with them before long. He seemed unsure about sharing anything further, but kept going anyway. Theres one more thing. Tiffanys been drinking a lot lately, and weve tried to talk her into getting some help, but she hasnt admitted to having a problem yet. This all made so much sense. Please dont share that with anyone. This is me trusting you, just like old times. Yeah, they had trusted each other with their deepest secrets growing up. They had told each other everything. She could do that. She could keep this secret. There was one thing she needed to do with Tiffany, but shed have to figure out the right time to do it.
I really am happy for you, Abs. Caleb seems like a stand-up guy. You deserve all the happiness in the world. Peter placed his hand on top of hers, looking into her eyes a little too long.
Thanks, you too, Peter, Im glad we finally had this conversation, but I should really get going now. She moved her chair back a little before, allowing him to hug her one last time.
Just as she left his arms, the door to the coffeehouse flew open and a disheveled Tiffany stood in the doorway, staring directly at Abby. You! Tiffany came charging through the cafe like a bat out of hell. All horrified eyes were glued on her, including Abbys. She was an absolute mess. The hair that wasnt sticking straight up in the air was matted to the side of her face. Make-up was running down her cheeks, her clothes didnt match, but she was wearing chandelier earrings, and a very expensive-looking gaudy diamond necklace, as though she thought the extravagant jewelry would hide the rest of her crazed appearance. She looked like a homeless person. 
Peter bolted in front of Abby, standing stiffly in a protective stance. Tiffany. What are you doing? 
Is she your little bitch again? Didnt you learn your lesson already? She eats everyone alive, and then spits them out when shes done. Shes already had you, Blaine, and Caleb. Even my own damn boyfriend wanted her in high school, Tiffany slurred, tears beginning to slip from her half-opened eyelids.
What is she talking about? Abby whispered to Peter. 
His only response was to hold his hand up, as though he needed her not to speak.
Did you drive here? He spoke to her like this was a normal thing. Could this be a regular occurrence?
I need to sit down... Tiffany dropped her body into the seat Peter had been in. Within seconds, she was passed out cold, her mouth wide open. The smell of stale alcohol swirled through the air.
Abby grimaced. Is she okay? What the heck just happened?
Peter pursed his lips, face showing concern. Yes and no.
Theres a red Mercedes parked in the middle of the street, getting towed outside. Does it belong to anyone here? a man announced from the doorway.
Peter sighed. I have to get her home. I am so sorry again, Abs. The look on his face broke her heart.
Can I help you at all?
No. Her car can just get towed. She shouldnt be driving anyway. He started to bend down to pick his sister up when Abby placed her hand on his shoulder to stop him.
Hold on a minute. She squatted down until she was face-to-face with the sleeping Tiffany. I know you cant hear me and you probably dont care, but I forgive you. For every horrible thing youve ever done and said to me. There. I did it. It really didnt matter if Tiffany knew or not because Abby didnt do it for the woman who had so many issues of her own.
Standing up, she found Peter staring at her in awe. Thats why Ill always love you, Abs. If you ever get tired of Caleb, please dont forget about me. 
Well, that was unexpected. Time to go. Goodbye, Peter. Grabbing her purse from the back of the chair, she strolled out of the coffeehouse with a much lighter step than when she entered it.



Several weeks had passed since the winter break, and Abby jumped right into her new role as a fifth grade teacher. The kids turned out to be a lot different than she expected, ridding her of her initial preconceived ideas. Their current project was in full swing, and they were getting ready to present what theyd learned. The kids had researched the Catholic missions that had been planted up and down California by Father Junipero Serra at the direction of King Charles III of Spain, starting in 1769. They were lucky enough to have one of those magnificently beautiful church buildings established right here in Santa Barbara, and the class had gone on a field trip last week. 
Each student represented the founding missionaries from all twenty-one missions. This project reminded Abby of when she had been in fifth grade, learning this same subject. The difference back then was that the students had to build their own replica of one chosen mission, outside of school. The problem came when the parents got involved and it became a competition of who could make the most elaborate masterpiece. Abbys students were only allowed to work on their projects during school hours, on the premises, so all of the work was guaranteed to be their own.
Tomorrow was presentation day, but tonight was date night. Abby rushed home after school to get ready for her double date with Caleb, Leah, and some guy that had been pestering Leah to go out with him. Caleb had insisted on a double date when Leah brought it up in front of them. Abby loved how protective he was over her and her best friend.
She only had a few moments to throw herself together before Caleb knocked. Abby made her way to the front door while smoothing down her long-sleeved, off-the-shoulder blouse her heeled boots clicking on the wooden floor. The anticipation of what she would find on the other side was overwhelming. Slowly, she opened it and peeked out with a sinister smile. As expected, he was a sight for sore eyes. No man should ever look this good wearing jeans and a sweater. His freshly showered scent hit her nose as she took him in. 
Caleb closed the door behind him. You look beautiful. Playing along with her smile, he wrapped his arms around Abbys waist, inviting her body to align with his. I could just eat you up.
Flashing him a look he loved so much, bedroom eyes included, she teased, That could be arranged.
Dont tempt me like that. He nipped along her neck and shoulders, taking his time until she shamelessly made sounds she never realized she had in her. Damn, he was good.
Hey guys, lock the door if youre going to do that. Leahs voice broadcasted from behind Caleb, triggering him to chuckle while his mouth was still on Abbys sensitive skin. One last peck on the lips, and he turned to Leah. Sorry, our girl here is just too irresistible. Cant keep my hands off her. 
Abbys skin now scorched, first at having this man nibble on her, then at her friend walking in on them.
Or your mouth apparently, Leah snorted, knowing just how to take a conversation from awkward to awkward. Are you guys ready to go, or do you need a little more time to devour each other? Leah giggled as she started to head out of the door.
Therell never be enough time, Caleb growled into Abbys ear as stepped through her doorway, causing goosebumps to breakout all over her hypersensitive skin.



Caleb didnt know what to expect tonight.  Hed never been on a double date before. All he knew was that when Leah had started talking about a guy that had worn her down asking her out, Caleb had to meet him. Although he didnt have siblings, he felt that older brother, protective side of him come out, as it did when Bri talked about guys she was dating. Not only had he fallen in love with Abby, Caleb found himself wanting to protect her best friend as well.
The three of them stepped inside the seaside fish house when a guy approached, his eyes glued on Leah. Brownish hair, lightened by the sun; brown, squinty eyes; decent build. Surfer maybe? Yeah, Caleb checked him out. The way guys do.
Hey, Leah, glad you made it. Squinty-eyed guy reached over and kissed Leahs cheek.
Did you expect me to stand you up? Leah didnt reciprocate his affection.
Caleb watched him closely. 
I hoped not, it took me long enough to get you to say yes. Squinty chuckled. Our table is ready when you guys are.
Oh, Im sorry, Devon. These are my friends, Abby and Caleb, Leah introduced everyone.
Nice to meet you. Devon shook Calebs hand and waved to Abby with a half-smile, exposing perfect teeth. Mustve worn braces growing up. Caleb couldnt help but scrutinize everything about this guy.
Right this way. The hostess led them through the dimly lit restaurant. A white leatherette booth ran across one wall, just under the large windows facing the ocean. The tables were draped with black linen and topped with candles. 
Caleb pulled Abbys chair out for her, while Leah and Devon scooted into the booth across from them. Perfect timing. The sun was slowly disappearing in the horizon. This was one of Calebs favorite restaurants, but he hadnt brought Abby here yet, afraid the fishy smell might bother her. For this particular date, shed asked if they could come here since the restaurant offered her favorite poblano pepper and portobello mushroom tacos.
After ordering their drinks, they picked up the menus. Thats when Caleb spotted Devon planting his now bugged-out eyes directly at Abbys chest. The hell? First rule in the guy code, you do not look at another mans woman, especially when said man is sitting right here.
Strike one, jackass. 
To be fair, Caleb hadnt introduced himself as Abbys boyfriend. He would have to rectify that now. Making sure Devon was watching, Caleb leaned over to Abby and planted a kiss on her lips, then sat back to look the guy square in the eyes with his arm draped over the back of Abbys chair. Got it, buddy? 
There was an acknowledgment in his eyes. Good.
Abby curved toward him, rubbing her shoulder on his chest and whispered, Guy thing? 
With his eyes on the menu, he couldnt help but chuckle and smirk. Busted. Once he knew what he wanted to order, Caleb opened the conversation while everyone else perused the menu. So Devon, what do you do?
When Im not surfing, I work with the same kids Leah does. 
So he was a surfer.
 Caleb surfs, too, Abby said, although Caleb wished she hadnt because he was still feeling this guy out.
Oh yeah, where do you surf? Devon asked, almost as a challenge.
Hammonds, Caleb mentioned his favorite spot, just down from the Four Seasons. Hed discovered this area the last time his parents came to visit and stayed at that hotel.
Yeah, those waves are pretty decent. I like to surf at Haskells Beach. 
Caleb nodded. Haskells was mostly a locals only spot by Escalona Spa and Resort.
Just as the waitress came to take their order, a cell rang. Devon grabbed his phone, looked at the caller ID and answered. Hey, dude. Where ya been? Ive been trying to get a hold of you. Nah, nothing. Wait, hold on. He said to the waitress, Can I get the Shrimp Scampi? Then addressed the table, Excuse me; I have to take this call. Ill be right back. He got up and left the table, speaking loudly into the mouthpiece. 
Seriously? 
Strikes two, three, and four. This guy was a total prick. 
Calebs eyes were drawn to Leahs aggravated expression. When she realized hed noticed, she tried to brighten up. Too late, honey. I already saw. 
You okay? he asked.
Yeah, fine, lets just get through dinner. There will be no second date, though. She picked up her napkin from the table and tossed it into her lap.
Abby placed her hand on Leahs. Sorry, sweetie. 
Leah rolled her eyes and exhaled, but didnt say anything further.
The dipshit finally made it back to the table once the food arrived, ate with his hands like a freaking animal, made slurping noises, then let out a small burp while pounding his chest with his fist. The ladies excused themselves to go to the bathroom when the check arrived.
Why do chicks always leave when the bill comes? Im gonna pay for mine and Leahs, but I hate when its assumed. 
Thats it. This guy had to go. Dont worry about it. Ive got it. Caleb snatched the check from Devon as he was adding up who ordered what. Placing his black American Express card in the leather bill holder, Caleb handed it to the waitress as she passed by. He didnt normally like to show off his wealth, but that felt pretty damn good.
I dont know what kind of women youre used to taking out, but Leah is extraordinary, and youve been a prick. Dont bother asking her out again. 
Whoa, where the hell did that come from? Devon had the nerve to act shocked.
Caleb just rolled his eyes. He wasnt going to give this guy a checklist of proper dating etiquette. If thats how you are on a first date, I can only imagine the way you behave when you really get comfortable. Just leave Leah alone. He sat up straighter, waiting for the confrontation.
Dude, if I want to ask her out again, I will. Its her choice, not yours. Devon sat back, his arms crossed over his chest.
And I know what her choice will be, Caleb said cockily. You can go now. Ill tell her you had another call. Caleb stood up then, stepping aside so Devon knew this wasnt a joke.
Whatever, Devon muttered. Shes not even worth the hassle. Throwing his napkin on the table, he gave Caleb a dirty look as he got up and left the restaurant.
Once the girls returned, they gave each other a questioning look. 
He had to leave, was the only explanation Caleb offered.
Leah was instantly relieved. Good. What a pendejo. 
Caleb frowned. Whats that?
Dumbass.
Caleb chuckled. Ah, yes, he was a pen-day-ho. 
Back at Abbys, Caleb and Abby walked Leah to her van. Something in her expression was pulling on Calebs heart. She looked really down. 
Hey, dont worry about it, Leah. There are plenty of guys out there that would love to have a woman as amazing as you. Your guy will find you. Caleb wished to God that he knew someone he could set her up with. It wasnt often a woman like Leah came along.
Yeah, well, I think hes taking a few detours. Thats okay, though, at least Devon will stop bugging me.
If he doesnt, tell me. That jackass had better leave her alone now.
Is she going be alright? Caleb asked as Leah drove off.
Yeah, she just doesnt have very good luck with guys. They all turn out to be jerks, in one way or another. I think its probably harder for her now that I have you because she sees how happy I am. They walked hand-in-hand back to her front door. She calls you prince charming.
He had to laugh. Prince charming, huh? Thats a pretty hefty reputation to live up to.
Changing subjects, Abby said, Please promise me youll stay at a hotel tomorrow night. I dont want you driving all the way home after the game. Tomorrow Caleb had a meeting with the studio execs and his manager, Chris, in L.A. He would be signing all the final contracts, then he and Chris would be going to the hockey game Abby had gotten him tickets for Christmas.
I still wish you were coming. It wasnt manly, but he put on his own pouty face when he stepped closer, placing his arms around her.
I know, but tomorrow is our class presentation, and I cant miss it. You get to have some guy time. She knew he didnt care about guy time. Abby was just trying to make him feel better.
Are you sure you dont mind keeping Madison?
Of course not, well have some bonding time. Leah wants to come over, too. Itll be a girls night, painted toes and all. Scrunching her nose with a smirk, she leaned up to peck his lips.
He pulled her closer, loving the smell of her shampoo. Madison is going to love that.
He started to go in for his goodnight kiss when Abby asked, Wait, how did you get rid of Devon after all?
I told him he didnt deserve Leah and he could leave. There was no need to cover up the truth.
Guy thing? 
He just grinned. She knew him so well already.



The presentation of the kids mission projects was going strong when Leah walked into the classroom between flower deliveries and pointed out, This looks like some kind of cult. All of the kids were wearing monk outfits, so there was a sea of brown hooded robes. Models of the missions were scattered about the room, as well as wooden planting squares that held crops representing the agricultural part, and stuffed animals in a makeshift corral representing the livestock. Parents, students from other classes, and additional teachers were making their way through the room, asking her students different questions about what they learned through their experiences. She couldnt be prouder.
As much as shed enjoyed the days activities, Abby couldnt wait to get home and start her girls night. Leah and she were planning to pamper Madison with an at-home manicure/pedicure, lots of yummy goodies, and a couple princess movies. Admittedly, she also looked forward to the call that would come from Caleb before he went to sleep.
Once the class was clean, and the students all claimed, Abby walked over to the kindergarten area to pick up Madison. She found her sitting with another teachers first grade daughter, and overheard their conversation.
I hope Miss Abby becomes your mommy. Shes really nice, The first grader told Madison, warming Abbys heart. She leaned against the doorframe, waiting to hear Madisons response.
Me, too. I pray every night that she can be my mommy. She makes me and my daddy so happy. My daddy didnt smile before, and now he does, every day. That little girl knew exactly what to say to make Abby love her more and more each day. As much as shed like to hear more, it was time to blow this taco stand.
Are you ready, pumpkin? Picking up the booster seat and overnight bag, Abby jerked her head in a lets get outta here motion.
Yeah, lets go. On the way to Abbys car, they happened to pass a group of power moms huddled together. Abby ignored them. They didnt deserve any more of her energy.
Im so ascited to spend the night with you and Leah. Were going to have lots of fun. A sweet smile appeared on Madisons face as she got into her booster seat.
After climbing in the drivers seat, Abby started the car and set out for their fun-filled Friday evening. She turned up the radio when a favorite boy band came on, and Madison began to sing. Looking in the rearview mirror, Abby found Madisons sweet head bobbing along to the music. 
Something in the background caught her eye. The car behind them wasnt slowing down, even though they were at a stoplight. Another car sat directly in front of her, trapping them with nowhere to go. She took another quick peek before closing her eyes, praying for Madisons safety, and bracing for the worst.



The meeting with the studio executive had gone better than Caleb planned, and his favorite hockey team had won their game. Hed had such a fantastic day, but couldnt wait to get up to the hotel room and call his girls. It was already ten at night so Madison would be asleep. Throwing his bag on the bed, he reached for his cell and noticed that it was dead. He had to fish through the things in his bag before locating the charger and plugging it in. 
Since it would take a moment to get the thing to turn on, Caleb decided to jump in the shower. Things were going so well in his life. Hed never been this happy before. Although he loved his first wife, the feelings he had for Abby were so different. When he was married to Rene, Caleb never imagined being able to love another woman, let alone have an even deeper, more mature relationship with someone else. But thats exactly what he was experiencing with Abby. He didnt care how long theyd dated. He still felt it.
Getting out of the shower, toweling off, and putting his pajama bottoms on, Caleb picked up his phone and turned the power on. There were a bunch of text messages and voicemails from Leah. What the hell is going on?
Somewhat panicked, he dialed Abbys number first. It went straight to voicemail, so he called Leahs phone next. 
Caleb?
Yeah, my phone was dead. Whats up? He was on edge. Why did Leah call earlier, and why didnt Abby pick up just now?
Listen. Please dont freak out. Everyone is fine. Theyre sleeping right now, she slowly explained.
Leah, just tell me. His heart sped up.
There was a car accident, but like I said everyone is fine.
What! Why wasnt I called? Raking his fingers through his wet hair, he paced back and forth. And then he remembered. His phone had been dead for god only knows how long.
We tried to call, but it went to your voicemail, and we didnt have anyone elses number. They were both checked out at the hospital...
Hospital! Oh my god... He sat on the edge of the bed with his head down. They were in the freaking hospital, and he had been nowhere to be found. His girls mustve been terrified. An old ache deep in his chest reemerged. Desperation set in, and he had to see them, now.
Caleb, honestly. Theyre both fine. Abby has some burns on her arms from the airbag, but thats all. She and Madison are asleep in her room right now. Why dont you get some rest, then come home in the morning.
The morning? Is she joking? I dont think so. Im on my way. Will you open the door when I get there? He was already throwing a shirt over his head and repacking his bag. Toeing his shoes on, Caleb left the room.
Of course.
It took two and a half hours to get to Abbys. Longest drive of his life. Once Leah opened the door, he didnt hesitate to drop his things on the coffee table and go straight into the bedroom. There he found Madison cuddled up against Abbys chest in the center of the bed. Their kitten, Olivia, lay curled up in a ball by Madisons back. With plenty of room for him behind Abby, he took off his shoes. Abby woke up as soon as the bed dipped.
Hey, whatre you doing here? she asked in a drowsy voice
Shhh. He climbed in and wrapped his arms around her. Well talk in the morning. Go back to sleep.
Okay. She snuggled her back into his chest and held even tighter to Madison as she fell back to sleep.
I love you. Caleb let a silent tear fall. He was so thankful they were not only safe, but they were both his. This moment confirmed everything he was feeling. There was only one more thing to do.



Abby woke with a fiery sensation tingling up her inner forearms. Along with her burns, she also had a sore neck and minor aches and pains throughout her body. The warm torso touching her back helped to soothe her. Caleb. Hed come home last night just to make sure she and Madison were safe. She loved this man more than ever. How had she ever managed to be content before hed come into her life?
Disappointed that he was starting to stir, Abby turned onto her belly, facing him. His eyes were still closed. It was the first time shed noticed how long his lashes were. How had she not noticed them before? Abby spent her days staring at Caleb and her nights fantasizing about him, yet shed never seen him with scruff until last night. She kind of liked it, and wanted to kiss the pokey hair on his chin. His lips were parted slightly, and the quietest snore vibrated through them. The only part that concerned her was the frown on his brows. He wasnt sleeping peacefully.
Probably because he could feel her staring at him, his eyes popped open. Hey, baby. Howre you feeling?
A little sore, but Im okay. 
He stretched his arm out for her, and Abby moved in until her cheek was on his T-shirt and her arm wrapped around him.
Wheres Madison? He brought his arms back down to hold her.
I think Leah called her out of the room. I could hear whispers, giggles, and then the door closing.
Sounds about right. Hold on, Ill be right back. Caleb scooted out from under her. Abby couldnt help but keep her eyes glued to his pajama covered behind as he walked into her bathroom. She couldnt wait for the day they moved their relationship into a physical one. She imagined, because of his extensive experience, unlike her, he really knew what to do.
Caleb opened the bathroom door, taking her out of her naughty thoughts. Reclaiming his spot, he rejoined her in bed.
He seemed to brace himself before speaking. Let me see your arms. Carefully pulling her right arm up, his expression turned grave before he closed his eyes. Im so sorry I wasnt here and you couldnt get a hold of me.
Its not your fault, Caleb. She placed her palm on his scruffy jaw until he opened his eyes. She needed to comfort him. Not caring that hed swished toothpaste in his mouth while she hadnt, Abby placed her lips on his. I love you, and these are the only things that came from the crash. She held up her arms again, but didnt dare tell him how sore her body really was. She would take some ibuprofen and be fine. I just need to put some cream on them until they heal. No biggie.
He bolted up. Dont play this down. Im normally so careful about making sure my phone is charged. He ran his fingers roughly through his hair. Abby, something really bad couldve happened and nobody could get a hold of me.
Sitting up on her knees, Abby placed her hands on both of his cheeks, forcing him to look at her. But it didnt. Thats whats important.
Hastily, Caleb seized her into his arms and held so firm that she had a difficult time breathing. Her legs straddled his hips as he began to weep. Abby, I dont know what I would do without you. I cant lose you, too. 
Her heart fell. Hed already experienced the loss of a significant other. Fighting back her own tears, her arms were on fire, but she had to hold him tighter. Im here, Im still here, she spoke softly. 
Holding each other until his last quivering sob left him, he pulled back to see her face. I am so in love with you, Abby. I promise Ill do everything in my power to make you happy. 
She wiped his tears with her fingers. You already do. Ive never been this happy in my entire life. She sat on his upper thighs, and something passed across his face. Almost like he had another thought.
Suddenly, the door flew open and Madison came running in, jumping on the bed. See Leah, I told you they were awake. I heard them talking.
Sorry, shes been dying to come in here. Leah shrugged from the doorway.
Abby smiled and mouthed, Its okay.
Breakfast is ready whenever you guys are. I have to jump in the shower and get ready for work.
She backed away from the door as Caleb yelled, Thanks, Leah. For everything.
Daddy, did Abby tell you that a dumb girl was on her phone when she was driving and hit our car? Then we got to ride in the ambalance to the hospital, and after the doctor looked at me, I got to stay with her. I kept her calm, Daddy. She told me so. The pride on her face was one of the most beautiful things Abby had ever seen.
She leaned over and kissed Madison on the cheek. You sure did, sweetie. I dont know what I wouldve done without your help. 
Madison beamed. Realizing she was still straddling this little girls daddy right in front of her, Abby clumsily got up and headed to the bathroom herself. Ill meet you guys in the kitchen. Closing the door and looking at what a hot mess she was, Abby couldnt help but smile. How the heck did I get so lucky?




Abby pulled into the parking lot at one of her favorite locations, the Santa Barbara Zoo. She hadnt been here since the last school field trip in September. Smiling, she ran her thumbs over the bumpy inner stitching of the leather steering wheel. Caleb had insisted she drive his Range Rover while her car was at the body shop. He didnt want her driving the damaged car anymore, insisting it would never be safe again. So hed taken charge of the whole situation. More than likely, he had someone else dealing with it for her, but that was fine, too. Being familiar with the law, he was better equipped to find the help she needed. Plus, it was kind of hot knowing he wanted to take care of her. 
Unsure what kind of car to get as a replacement, she was patiently waiting for her insurance company to send money since the teen driver that hit her didnt have insurance of her own. Realistically, Abby owed more for her car than it was worth, so who knew what that would mean in the long run. Oh well, she wouldnt worry about that tonight. Shed waited for a month to come here for this event, and was elated to celebrate Calebs accomplishments. All of the contracts with the studio were signed, and they were moving into the next phase of filming. Calebs books would be on the big screen soon. 
This evening, hed rented out the zoo to host a party for the celebration. She had no idea who was going to be here, but it was a fantastic place to have a large gathering. There was a small meeting beforehand so quite a few people were there before she arrived.
Leah parked right beside Abby, which was great because Abby didnt want to walk in byherself. Both ladies exited their cars at the same time. 
I see youre still driving the Range. Leah gave her a smartass look. She knew how much Abby enjoyed driving his car.
Not for much longer Im sure, so Ill enjoy it for now. Abby sighed, taking another look at the beautiful vehicle.
I have a feeling itll be much longer than you think, Leah murmured.
Im not stealing his car, Leah.
Leah gave her a knowing look. Doesnt mean he isnt going to willingly give it to you. Standing in her off-the-shoulder, thigh-high black dress and matching strappy heels, Leah put her hands on her hips and pursed her lips in the sassy way only she could get away with.
I dont think so, Abby assured her friend. There was no way she was going to take such an expensive gift from her boyfriend. Hed wanted her to drive it for now, he hadnt offered to give it to her. This conversation was pointless.
You look exquisite tonight, by the way. Caleb is going to have a heart attack. 
Abby glanced down at the floor-length, fitted taupe dress with small, black flowerembellishmentson the strapless top. She smiled at Leah, pleased. This was the most stunning dress shed ever worn. With her hair up in an elegant up-do, shed topped off the look with long, dangling earrings and a matching clutch.
Thanks! You look pretty gorgeous yourself. But then again, you always do. And she did. Abby never understood how Leah hadnt been snatched up yet.
In this old thing? Leahflipped her hair playfully, then looped her arm in Abbys, leading them into the open gates.



Caleb was on edge waiting for Abby to arrive.
Dude, calm down.Ive never seen you so nervous before. Stefen patted Calebs shoulder. Youre starting to sweat. If youre having second thoughts, nobody would care. 
Caleb gave his cousin a dirty look. Youre not helping.
Sorry. He backed away, then his eyes suddenly bugged out. Oh, damn. Who is that hotLatina?
The women were walking up the path that led to the tents. Abby was breathtaking. She was always striking, but with her in that dress, Caleb was going to have a difficult time sticking to his principles tonight. Abbys best friend. Well, not just Abbys best friend, but shes her sister-friend kind of best friend, and off limits.
Is that Abby with her? Stefen placed his thumb and index finger on his chin as if he was contemplating something.
Yes, it sure is. Wearing a goofy smile, Caleb couldnt help but feel giddy.
Youre one lucky son of a bitch to be surrounded by two gorgeous women all the time. They both have really nice curves. 
Caleb gave him a stern warning look.
Okay, okay, I got you. Besides, can you imagine the fit my parents would have if I ever brought a girl like Leah home with me? Stefen snickered.
What the hell do you mean by that? Caleb was getting pissed off. He knew where his cousins head was, but it didnt mean he had to like it.
Come on, man, you know what Im talking about, Stefen said. She clearly had a different upbringing. Look at her. 
Calebs eyes trailed back to the women. Abby appeared to be searching for something. He hoped she was looking for him. Stefen, dont even go there. Youre not like them deep down, and dont you dare insult her. Shes amazing and really good for Abby. Shes very special...just not for you. Before meeting Rene, he and Stefen were quite the heart breaking team. They were both raised to be pompous jerks and would use women as if they didnt matter. Caleb loved his cousin, but Stefen hadnt learned any better yet. 
What? You dont think Im good enough for her? Stefen stared his cousin down.
You know what you mean to me, but she deserves more than a one night stand and a broken heart. Shes a part of my family now. Just leave her alone for my sake, please.
Whatever, man. Stefen shook his head. I was just thinking about having a little fun while I was in town. They started walking toward the canvas-covered area that the party was centered under.
Thats exactly what Im talking about, Stefen, Caleb huffed.
Fine. Ill leave her alone. Happy?
Yes.
Okay, lets get this party started. We are here to celebrate, right? He clapped Caleb on the shoulder as they approached the tent where most of the guests were gathered. Theres got to be another broad here that I can bang before I leave. Standing at the tent opening, Caleb scanned the room for Abby while Stefen scanned for god only knew who.
Please stop. My life is different now,you know this. Stop being an ass.
Dude, dont get your panties in a knot. Stefen chuckled. I can control myself. Ill just hang out with Bri and make sure she doesnt get into trouble. Ive already eyeballed a couple bastards checking her out. Stefen strolled away, using his best swagger.
Caleb simply rolled his eyes. Damn hypocrite.



 Oh my gosh,who is Don Giovanni? I think Ive died and gone to heaven. Have you ever seen a hotter guy before? Leah gave Abby a sideways glance. Never mind,I know your answer. Thats fine by me, less competition. She smoothed her hands down the sides of her dress before turning and rearranging her boobs to show off her cleavage.
I think thats Calebs cousin, but I havent met him yet. Abby paused and scanned the room for the man she loved. Where did you come up with Don Giovanni?
Hes the Italian version of Don Juan. Leah shrugged and puckered her lips. You know dark hair, dark eyes, strong jaw line with a little scruff. Killer body and dressed in an expensive suit, the way a man should dress.
Thats your problem, Leah. You love hot men. Theyre the most trouble.
Yours is hot and hes not trouble, Leah challenged her.
Well, there are a few exceptions. Lets get you out of his line of site before you melt in a puddle at my feet, Oh, and you may want to wipe the drool off your bottom lip. Its not attractive. 
Abby gave another quick look at who she assumed was Stefen standing next to Bri. He caught her gawking and smirked. Definitely trouble. She could, however, appreciate what Leah saw in him. Most men at the party were dressed in suits, but yeah, this guy did have that added something. Nothing like the man she was in love with, though.
Her eyes met Calebs and her pulse picked up. Without a doubt, no male held a candle to her guy.
Ill be right back, Abby told Leah, unsure if she even heard because Abby didnt turn her head. She was caught in a trance with Caleb and unable to break eye contact as she crossed the room. He was so handsome in his designer fitted suit. He stalked after her as well until they met halfway. They didnt greet with words. After raking their eyes up and down each other, they collided, fervently kissing as if they never had before. Abby didnt care that they were in a tent full of their friends and family. 
Wait, why are there so many people here? 



Caleb saw the confusion on Abbys face when she pulled away from the kiss hed fantasized giving her for months now. You look amazing, love. Its going to be difficult keeping my hands off you. Groaning, he knew thisstatementwas truer than he wanted her to know.
Who said you had to? she flirted back. 
Damn. That was the most difficult part. She was so willing to do whatever he wanted.
It was almost sunset and time to get the show on the road. Grabbing her hand, he walked them over to Stefen and Bri. The two women embraced as if they were long lost friends.Caleb liked that. Love, Id like to introduce you to my other cousin, Stefen.
Her face spread into a big grin, as if shehelda secret. Nice to finally meet you, Stefen.
Nice to meet you as well. Stefen took her hand and kissed it, keeping his lips on his cousins woman a little too long for Calebsliking.
Unable tohelp himself, Caleb pulled Abby to his side and announced that he was going to take her to thegiraffesbefore the sunset. What had to have been the most beautiful expression crossed her face. She recognized that he remembered what shed said at their school field trip. Now he saw her eyes gloss over. 
Just wait, Abby Rose. You havent heard anything yet.
Glad hed already made arrangements ahead of time, Caleb was confident that everyone would play their parts without any issues. Leah, Stefen, and Bri were the only ones who knew what was going on. They were to lead certain key people over to thegiraffes. Madison was to be in the front, as well as Abbys mom, Leah, Bri, Stefen and Grace.
Lost in the breathtaking woman beside him, he didnt realize until halfway to their destination that he hadnt even introduced Stefen to Leah. This fact didnt bother him, though. Shaking his thoughts away, he concentrated on every step, breath, sigh, and smile Abby offered him. He adored everything about this woman and loved her in a way he never thought possible.
Arriving at the giraffes, Abby sucked in a deep breath. Caleb couldnt help but smile to himself.
Its gorgeous. Look at the ocean. Abby snuggled into him under his suit jacket.
It is. Peering over his shoulder, he spotted guests gathering behind the bushes to the side of them. Madison was at the front of the crowd. Caleb took his own deep breath and held onto Abby, whose head was resting on his chest while she gazed out toward the ocean. Caleb glanced over at the giraffe handler and nodded.
Lets go over here and see if theyll let us feed one. He pointed to the handler, who motioned for them to come over to the feeding deck. He chanced a look at her face and the smile she held couldnt have gotten any wider. Making their way over to the deck, he prayed this would go as planned.



Abby was elated. Hed remembered. Could anyone be sweeter? 
They stepped up to the feeding area and, although shed done this countless times before, this occasion was different. She was on cloud nine.
Would you like to feed Penelope? The handler held up a small baggie of lettuce.
Yes, please. Unable to contain her grin, she took the leafy greens from him.
Once he got her attention, Penelope strolled their way.  What a magnificent creature.  There was something around the animals neck. Was that a green ribbon? The closer she got, Abby could see something sparkling attached to the ribbon. When she turned to tell Caleb, she caught sight of him kneeling down on one knee in front of her. Her heart sped up as she rotated back to the giraffe that was now positioned in front of her. Yep, that was an engagement ring hanging from the ribbon. Tears formed in her eyes the moment Caleb tenderly grabbed and held her hand.
Abby, love,weve been together for a short amount of time, but youre the only one for me. Ill never want another woman the way I want you,and Im so blessed to have you in my life. Youve shown me how to overcome lifes obstacles and learn to love again. Theres no holding back. Im completely yours and pray that youll spend the rest of your life with me, as my wife. Will you marry me?
Instantly overcome, she fell to her knees and held onto the man that she loved more than any other earthly thing. She shook while crying tears of joy into his shoulder.
Caleb studied her face, worried. Sweetie, Im sorry. Was that not okay?
Oh, Caleb, she cried. Im so happy. I cant believe you just did that.
He smiled with relief. You havent answered my question yet.
YES, of course Ill marry you. 
Applause broke out, and Caleb laughed while he brought them to their feet.  Twirling around, she noticed everyone behind them, all eyes on her and her new fianc. Abby blushed right away. When she turned back to Caleb, he slid the emerald and diamond ring onto her finger. It fit perfectly.
Is this really happening? She glanced from the giraffe to the handler, then to the cheering crowd, and finally back to her fianc.
His smile was tender now. Yes, and youve just made me the happiest man here.
Madison came running over, colliding into their legs, and then wrapped her little arms around them. Daddy, Im so glad you asked Abby to be your wife. Happy tears came out of Madisons eyes as her body shook, lips quivered, and sobs broke free from her throat. They both reached down to scoop her up into a three-way embrace. Now we have a mommy in our family.
Abby couldnt take it anymore, she had to look away. But what she found were the closest women in her life all in front of the crowd, clutching onto one another as they wept. Each of these beautiful women had played a role in this journey she and Caleb had taken. And that meant the world.  




Abby still couldnt believe she was engaged. Caleb had planned the entire event to celebrate their engagement, not for the movie series he had in the works, Unlawful Encounters. Bri, Stefen, and Leah were the only three that knew ahead of time, so the proposal was a complete surprise to everyone else, including her mom and Grace. 
When the crowd made their way back to the tents, they found framed photos of Caleb and her placed on easels and scattered all over the area. Instantly, her heart melted when she noticed they were the ones taken by the photographer at the observatory. Caleb hadnt told her that hed seen them, let alone had them printed and framed. This was such a surprise. Her favorite was of them kissing before they were even aware of being photographed. The pictures showcased the love evident in their kisses, even though theyd just agreed to start dating moments before the shots were taken. The same photographer, Dawn, was also on hand at the party to capture the special event for them. Her fiancwas so freaking romantic.
Caleb mustve had a team of people come in and change everything around while they were by the giraffes, because the simple black and white decorations had transformed into a scene she couldve only dreamed. She was curious how long he had been planning this. Hed thought of everything, from the shabby chic dcor she adored to the Cuban cake with tropical mango cream filling from her favorite bakery, Portos. This man amazed her. He paid attention to every detail. She wondered if that would work to her disadvantage someday. Definitely not something to worry about now.
A few days later, Abby was still walking on cloud nine, even as she walked into school. She happened to pass by that group of cliquey moms when Sofie approached Abby to offer her congratulations. Her new co-teacher, whom shed recently come to adore, made such a fuss over the beautiful emerald and diamond engagement ring. Abby was sure Sofie had done it on purpose. Of course, she didnt mind. Especially when, out of the corner of her eye, she noticed the cluster of moms with theireyes bugging and mouths dropping.
Damn, that felt good.



The time had come for Abby to meet Calebs family in Chicago. She already loved Bri, but was still unsure of Stefen. He was sweet with Madison and very protective of Bri. Despite being a flirt with every other female, he had definitely made an impression on Leah. 
However, it was Calebs parents she was most anxious to meet. The only other woman Caleb had ever brought home was Rene. According to Bri, his parents never really accepted her, which made Abby even more nervous. Caleb had assured her that their opinion didnt matter and that this trip was nothing more than a formality. He wanted everyone to become acquainted and wanted her to know up front what she was getting into by marrying him. That didnt make her feel any more at ease.
Theyd already booked their departure flight, but she hadnt heard what their final room arrangements would be. At first, Caleb thought they would just stay at Stefens apartment. Then he recognized that Abby would probably be more comfortable if they went to a hotel instead. She felt so loved by him; he always considered her well-being.
Since the shuttle was picking them up early the next morning, Caleb insisted that Abby sleep at his home for the night. She was excited at the thought of them staying together. He was just finishing his packing when she sat back on his bed.
Where did you end up booking?
I got a couple rooms for us at a hotel not too far from my parents house.He looked up from the open suitcase, which was lying at the foot of his bed.
A couple of rooms?She sat up straighter, pushing herself away from the squishy memory foam pillows shed been resting against.
Yeah, but theyre right next to each other like we had in L.A.Zipping up the suitcase, he moved it by the door, then stepped over to the mahogany desk to pack up his laptop.
She moved from the bed to join him. She could tell he sensed her disappointment. 
Whats wrong, love? Are you nervous?
Of course I am, butHer voice trailed, uncertain how to word it without sounding like a tramp. Cant we just stay in the same room?
He looked pained as he said, I dont think it would be a good idea. Youre too tempting, and Im not planning on us being intimate before were married. It also wouldnt set a good example for Madison. He sat at his desk, glancing up from the closed laptop. 
Leaning against the small table to his side, she felt her face flush. With shame in her eyes, she glanced downward, self-conscious. It was perfectly clear the guest bedroom downstairs would be her room tonight.
He rose, coming to stand next to her. Tenderly, he moved her chin up with his index finger while staring meaningfully into her eyes, Let me rephrase that. At this point in my life, I dont want an intimate relationship with you until were married. The old me would have been all over you already.  This isnt about not desiring you, Abby. Im only doing whats right for us, and for Madison. I would like the first time we make love to be the best night youve ever had. You should know this by now, sweetheart. He drew her into his arms. Embracing her body with his own, he placed a delicate and loving kiss on her forehead.
She rested her head on his chest, trying not to show her hurt and mortification. I do,I just thought it would be nice to move into more of a physical relationship, now that were engaged. I guess I also have a hard time believing you are wanting to wait.  I mean, youre a guy.  You have needs.  Dont you?
He pulled her away from his body before taking her hand in his and leading her over to the couch in the corner of his room. Motioning with his hand toward the leather cushion, he told her to take a seat. I want to tell you a little more about what I learned from Rene. She eased herself down onto the soft leather sofa with wide eyes. You know how she and I met, but what you should also know is, after chasing her and trying to score, she finally relented and said she would go out with me. Of course, she had a couple conditions. Caleb cleared his throat, seeming to struggle telling this to her. As in times past, she wished he would understand it didnt bother her when he spoke of his deceased wife. 
Without too much delay, he eventually relaxed enough to continue. Rene said I had to go out to dinner with her parents before she would go on a date with me. I still dont know what drove me to do it, but I did. Once we technically started dating, she made me wait. I had to earn and merit her love. We didnt have sex until we were married. Ill tell you, before Rene, I had gone from girl to girl, so her conditions made thisplayerwork for her love, which made waiting so very special. It may not make sense now, but youll see. When we do finally come together as man and wife, once Ive done everything to warrant you as my wife, it is going to be incredible. I want you, but I intend for our first physical moment of loving one another to be more exceptional than that, because youre that extraordinary to me.
This was not what shed expected. Abby was more than willing to fulfill whatever desires he had, but he wanted to wait? To earn her? Caleb, you have me. You dont have to do anything to work for me.How could he think otherwise?
I want to declare publicly, in front of God, and everyone else that were fully committed for life. Being intimate as husband and wife is a completely different experience. Its the only way I want to make love to youto prove my love for you.Just hearing him saymake love made her heart race and blood pump.Its something I want us both to look forward to, not jump into, because of our hormones. I crave more for us.
Could this man get any dreamier? That sounds amazing, Caleb. Her voice came out breathless. I actually didnt enjoy sex before. I just assumed we needed to go there as our next step, but youve made me see that so much more lies ahead for us. I will admit, though, despite how incredible it sounds, I still want to. She bit her lip, self-conscious that shed actually confessed that to him.
I know, sweetie. Its going to be unbearable at times, but trust me, itll be worth the wait. He ran his index finger up her cheek before kissing the top of her head.
Well wait, then.She wouldve done anything he asked, including waiting to share their love.



Abby had a strange feeling when she, Caleb, and Madison entered the foyer of his parents house and were greeted by a bleach blonde that slowly dragged her eyes up and down Calebs body. This girl was no family member, that was for sure, so why was she here?
Mmmm, Caleb, its been too long. You look as good as ever. The bimbo tried to grab his bicep when he stepped away. 
Lisa. He nodded politely, pulled Abby to his side, and introduced her. This is Abby, my fianc. Emphasizing the last word, he kissed his bride-to-bes temple while rubbing her reassuringly on her lower back.
Although it was awkward, Abby extended her hand to shake the scowling fake-boobed blondes hand. Its nice to meet you. Man, Abby thought her own chest was enormous, but she had definitely met her match.
With raised eyebrows and a menacing grin, Lisa purred, Likewise.
Down girl, Stefen ordered as he entered. Lisa actually listened and stepped away. Interesting.
Uncle Stefen! Madison screeched before leaping into his arms.
Hey, squirt. Howve you been? He grabbed at her nose and wiggled it before planting a sweet kiss there.
Why do you call me squirt every time you see me? 
He brought her back down to the ground and squatted, wearing what looked like a very expensive suit. Because the first time I ever had to change your diaper, I pulled back the tape, opened it up, and you squirted me. He started to laugh as Madison attempted to cover his mouth with her tiny hand.
Shhh, thats private, Uncle Stefen. 
Abby giggled, then glanced at Lisa who was standing with her arms crossed, rolling her eyes before turning and sashaying her shimmery hips toward the dining room.
Coming from the same dining room was a woman that had to be Calebs mother. She was stunning but covering her natural beauty with a lot of make-up, an obvious dye job, and lots of gaudy, expensive jewelry. Closely trailing his mom was one of the most handsome older men Abby had ever seen. Calebs dad. 
Is that what hell look like at his dads age? Definitely something to look forward to.
Hello, son. His mother kissed Caleb on each cheek before approaching her granddaughter and nodding. Good evening, Madison. 
That was a strange way to greet a child.
Good evening, Grandmamma. Madison did a mini curtsy. 
Abby thought that too was an odd way for a child to greet their grandmother. The only grandmamma she knew of was on that old television show with the housewife that was a witch. And what five-year old knows how to do a curtsy?
Stefen began to pull Madison into another room as Calebs mom directed her attention to Abby. Well, that cant be good.You must be the lovely young lady that has bewitched my son into thinking he needs to get married again. 
What? How do you respond to that?
Abby started to eye Caleb for help when he spoke up, Mom, if by bewitched, you mean that she has made me fall deeply in love with her, then yes, because I cannot imagine my life without her. He pulled Abby to his side as hed done in front of Lisa. She loved this man, but Abby would also need to stand confident in front of his mom if she was ever going to gain her respect.
Stretching her hand in greeting, Abby chimed in, Its actually he who has bewitched me. Youve raised a remarkable man, Mrs. Hunter. Abby knew damn well this woman wasnt the one who had actually raised him, but she still needed to make a strong first impression or she had a feeling this woman would try to make her life hell.
His fathers demeanor was more restrained, but Abby could see in his eyes that he couldnt care less about this visit. He was polite in an uppity way and didnt join them for dinner. Calebs mom was at the dinner table just long enough to make a few snide comments about hernoblecareer choice. Shed even asked Abby what her real goals in life were once she was done with her charity work. Caleb kept trying to come to her defense, but Abby wouldnt allow it. Then Mrs. Hunter mustve heard enough because she excused herself for the evening, shortly after dinner was served. What a strange family. No wonder Caleb and his cousins were such a mess growing up.
Abby couldve also done without Lisa undressing her fiancwith her smoky eyes. That was really starting to get to her. Abby reminded herself several times that Caleb was her man, no matter who this woman may have been to him in the past. She would, without a doubt, have to ask him about their history later. 
Stefen sat beside Lisa and bopped her chair every time he caught her eyes wandering. Immediately after she was finished eating, Stefen whispered something into Lisas ear, causing her to get up, say good-bye to everyone at the table, then leave the house. Abby was curious what was up with their relationship, but in all honesty, she was just happy the witch was gone.
The highlight of Abbys evening came when she got to meet Calebs real mother figurehis nanny, Julianne. What a charming, yet stern spirit that woman possessed. Abby fell in love with her instantly,especially when she swatted Caleb on the behind and told him to go in the other room while she and Abby got to know each other. Abby enjoyed their conversation, but her heart fell when Julianne talked about how much she missed Caleb and wanted to be closer to Madison. Shed taken care of a few children after him, but none compared to Caleb. Now retired at sixty-five, she spent her days playing bocce ball with a few acquaintances from the senior center, but she didnt have a family of her own, so it sounded like she was fairly lonesome. Abby had an idea she would have to run by Caleb later.



 Of all nights, why would you bring Lisa here? Caleb stared Stefen down, beyond pissed. Julianne was keeping Abby busy, so it was the perfect time to confront him.
I told her you were coming to dinner with your fianc,and she wanted to meet the second girl that stole your heart, Stefen scoffed.
You didnt have to bring her, though. Caleb rolled his shoulders to loosen his tight muscles.
Relax, she doesnt have a thing for you anymore. 
Caleb wasnt so sure about that after the woman violated him with her eyes these last couple hours. He shook his head. I cant believe youre still screwing with her. Havent you and I done enough damage to that poor girl? He felt sick to his stomach about their history with her.
Poor girl, my ass.She gives just as much as she receives. Believe me. Stefens crudeness was beyond belief at times.
Caleb groaned. I dont need to know any more. Just keep her away from Abby. You know how venomous she can be. Caleb didnt need her opening her mouth before he had a chance to explain, but what justification did he have that would be any better than what Lisa could reveal?
Feeling the heaviness in the air, Caleb decided to change the subject when Stefen beat him to it. I know you decided to stay in a hotel, but do you mind if I keep Madison tonight? I was hoping to spend some one-on-one uncle time with her. I got a bunch of those princess movies and her favorite strawberry ice cream. You guys can come over to my house for breakfast tomorrow.
Caleb loved the relationship Stefen and Madison had. They clearly adored each other. He wondered if Stefen would ever settle down and get the chance to become a father himself. You guys are too damn cute. Dont you want to have your own daughter one day? 
No,I have Madison, Stefen said with complete confidence. There wasnt an inkling of doubt in his expression.
Shaking his head, Caleb said, If you say so and yeah, of course you can keep her. Shell really like that.



Walking through the front lobby of their hotel hand in hand, Caleb and Abby arrived at the elevator in silence. There was a strange, almost uneasy feeling in the air as they headed up to Abbys room. Caleb bent forward to give her a goodnight kiss at her door when she pulled out the pouty lip he loved so much. Caleb, Im not ready to let you go yet.
I know. Me neither, he breathed.
Why dont you go get your jammies on, come back, and we can hang out and talk.
Jammies? He quirked an amused eyebrow. Who said I brought jammies?
Oh my. Her heart sped up, and she was completely flushed now with the images in her head. 
He laughed. Im kidding, Abby. I just like to see you blush. Ill be right back. Quickly kissing her nose, he dashed off to his room.
She couldnt believe how easily he could make her feel embarrassed. This was going to be her husband in a few months. Starting tonight, she would have to try to change this. Heading into her room, Abby proceeded to freshen up in the bathroom, put her tank top and PJ shorts on, then sprayed a little perfume. 
A few minutes later, there was a knock on the door. Her heart pounded enthusiastically when she opened and saw him standing there offering his sexiest smile. That will never get old. Hed already changed into a clean shirt and flannel pajama pants. From what she could tell, he had also freshened up and sprayed on a little cologne. Man, did he smell good. That also would never get old.
Come on in, she flirted.
Thank you, my lady. Caleb bowed, then winked. Damn, his winks made her think things she had no business thinking about yet.
Once he entered, the room suddenly felt much smaller, but in a good way. His body language changed as soon as she closed the door. He sat very stiffly at the edge of the bed. Abby headed toward the top, got under the covers, leaned her elbow on the pillow, and rested her head on the palm of her hand.
Come here and relax, sweetie. Patting the spot next to her, she tried not to look like the brazen little floozy she suddenly felt like.
He twisted at the waist to look back at her. I dont think thats a good idea.
Nothings going to happen, Caleb. I just want more time with you. But I would like you to relax and enjoy it, too. She pulled the covers down on the other side and lightly tapped the bed for him to join her. He was noticeably fighting something internally, but she insisted. She wanted him to be comfortable with her physically too before they got married.
Finally, he got up and strolled over, got under the covers, and laid on his side, facing her at the very furthest spot without falling off the bed.
See isnt that better? Stretching her arm underneath the pillow, she rested her head. Okay, so tell me all about Lisa, and why she was molesting you with her eyes? Abby needed to know all about this woman if she was going to be around.
He hesitated at first. Ill tell you, but are you sure you want to know?
Yes. I do.
Turning onto his back so that he was facing the ceiling, he started to recount their history. Ive already told you about my past, but there are lots of details Id rather you not know. Ill tell you anything you ask, though, so here goes. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. 
Oh no, this wasnt going to be a good story at all.
Lisa started coming around when Stefen and I were teenagers. She persistently made blatant advances toward me. Even went so far as to grab my crotch one night. I got tired of her coming onto me and figured the only way to get her to leave me alone was to give her what she wanted. I didnt know it was her first time until after. Then I felt ill that she hadnt told me. I had no plans of being with her again, but it took a couple weeks for her to realize it. She thought she was getting back at me by throwing herself at Stefen and, in turn, taking his virginity. Well, she didnt have to take Stefens. He willingly offered it up on a silver platter. She pined after both of us for years, seeking any form of affection. I never gave her more, but Stefen still strings her along.
Is she going to be a problem? This was the bottom line. Abby didnt care about his past. She wasnt around for it, but she was in his future and needed to make sure Lisa was not.
No, shes not going to be any trouble. He gave her a comforting smile.



They talked for hours until neither could keep their eyes open. He still couldnt believe how blessed he was to have this woman in his life. She had surprised him when she suggested Julianne come live in Abbys bungalow after the wedding so she could be close to them. He loved the idea of having her near so when they decided to have more kids, Julianne could help care for them.
Abby dozed off first, and he took advantage, staring at her until he couldnt stay awake himself. He kissed her on the forehead, then turned the light off. He thought about going back to his room until she sleepily scooted over to him, wrapped her arm around his stomach, and laid her head on his chest.
I love you, Caleb, and cant wait to be your wife.
I love you, too, more than you can ever know.They were home in each others arms, and soon would be like this for the rest of their lives. He smiled at that thought and then drifted off to sleep.



A loud ringing overtook Calebs subconscious. What was that? Hed been dreaming about holding Abby in his arms, but that insistent sound just wouldnt go away. Blinking back to consciousness, Caleb suddenly realized Abbys arms and legs were actually wrapped around his body. Not wanting to leave his bride-to-bes warmth, Caleb grumpily reached for his phone on the nightstand.
Hello. Half asleep, he didnt try to hide his irritation.
Hey, dude. Did you forget about us? It was Stefen.
What time is it? Confused, he tried looking for a clock in the room, not even thinking to look at the phone screen.
Eleven.
Are you serious? Caleb jolted up, alarming Abby.
The blankets followed him, revealing Abbys tank top and shorts. In a panic, she asked, Whats wrong?
He placed his hand on top of her warm, exposed thigh. Everythings fine, we just overslept.
His cousin interjected. Yeah, looks like were doing lunch instead of breakfast. Its totally fine. Dont worry about it. Im sure youre exhausted. 
Abby sat up on her knees, then kissed Calebs cheek before stumbling toward the bathroom.
You know me better, and its not like that. Caleb felt proud protecting Abbys honor, even though it wasnt anyone elses business what they had or hadnt done.
I do know. How about you guys meet us at my place in about an hour? Madison could be heard giggling in the background
Sounds good. Hows my princess? He wanted to talk to her, but really needed to get off the phone to get ready.
You tell me. Shes with you. Smartass.
I mean, my little princess. My queen is with me. Snaking his head around to see if Abby heard that, he noticed the bathroom door was closed.
Dude, seriously? Totally cheesy.
I know, but you started it. He was a total sap but couldnt help himself.
Shes fine. Were just hanging out talking about how much she loves her new mommy.
Calebs heart filled with joy. Madison talked about Abby all the time. Give her a kiss for me and tell her Ill see her in an hour.
Okay, see you then. 
Caleb hadnt noticed that the shower was on until he got off the phone. Approaching the bathroom door, he attempted to yell through it. We missed breakfast, so were meeting at Stefens for lunch instead.
What? I cant understand you. Open the door. 
He took a moment, then slowly opened it, relaxing when he got a glimpse of the white shower curtain, covering what he knew to be a very naked Abby. 
Peeking her head out while keeping her body covered by the curtain, she inquired, What did you say?
Um. He was lost for words, which made her giggle. Oh yeah, we missed breakfast so were meeting at Stefens for lunch in about an hour. Ill go get ready and come back with some coffee, just the way you like it. His confidence was back, so he winked at her. 
Granting him a seductive stare, she gestured for him to approach for a goodbye kiss. As quick as he could without losing his cool, he gave her a peck on the lips and proceeded to leave the steamy room that smelled of her body wash. He was really going to enjoy this side of her once they were finally married. 
That day couldnt come quick enough.



Stefen opened his front door with a goofy smile and teeny tiny pigtails at the top of his normally well-groomed head. Caleb busted out laughing. Hed been there too many times to count. Abby stepped behind Caleb so Stefen couldnt see her snickering.
Whats so funny? Stefen scowled. 
Nice hair-do.
Shit. He reached up and yanked the rubber bands from his hair, taking some strands with them. I forgot she put those in.
Believe me, you dont need to explain. I play beauty shop far too often. Caleb patted Stefen on the back. 
I think thats adorable, Abby said, grinning. Most guys wouldnt let a little girl beautify them.
Stefen reached out for a hug. Well, lucky me, I got the full treatment.
The hairdresser herself ran down the hallway before coming to a full halt in front of them. Daddy, MoI mean Abby. Youre here. Did you forget breakfast time? She placed her little hands on her waist, but couldnt hide her happiness that they were all together.
We just overslept, thats all. Come here. Surrounding her with his arms, Caleb squeezed Madison before giving her a butterfly kiss.
He watched as his little girl cheerfully left his arms to be embraced by Abbys. Witnessing his girls together did something to his heart. There was little he wouldnt do for either of them. 
Abby, I helped Uncle Stefen put some vegetable food on the table for you. 
Caleb chuckled. 
Come on, come on. Madison began dragging them into the dining room. Uncle Stefen said we put on a good spread. Do you know what that means?
Abby picked up then carried Madison in her arms to the adjoining room. Yes, it means that you have a great meal waiting for us.
Oh, that makes senses now. Madison smiled before being deposited into the leather high back chair. She peered through the glass tabletop at the unusual base, artistically designed into the shape of an X. This is a weird table, Abby, she whispered with her tiny hand curved around her mouth, as if she was telling a big secret. Caleb and Stefen tried to pretend they hadnt overheard.
The entire surface of the table was covered with different deli dishes, as well as several vegetarian ones. Knowing his cousin well, Caleb imagined this fare was from the deli down the street that delivered to his building. It didnt matter, though. It all looked delicious, and he was thankful Stefen kept Abbys dietary restrictions in mind.
Stefen clapped his hands, then rubbed them together. Dig in.



Theyd had a fantastic afternoon relaxing in his cousins apartment, and it appeared as though Stefen and Abby were getting along. Admittedly, Caleb had worried a little that Stefen might be a bit too much for Abby to cope with. Naturally though, shed opened herself up and accepted him with all his faults. That woman had a heart of gold.
After changing into warmer clothes, they headed out for their evening at the hockey arena. Caleb was beyond excited to share his favorite sport with his favorite girls. He just prayed the games fast paced and sometimes aggressive players didnt scare the crap out of Abby.
So, tell me again, how can you be from Chicago and be a Flyers fan? Your team should be the Blackhawks. Stefen smirked at his cousin while running his hand down the steering wheel of his Porsche SUV as they drove to the stadium.
No, thats your team, Stefen. Just because Im from Chicago doesnt mean I cant be a Flyers fan. They could go back and forth with this argument, but Caleb didnt want to bore Abby, who was already anxious about attending her first hockey game. He glanced at his fianc. She smiled at him from where she was sitting, close to a sleeping Madison in the backseat. Abby was adorable engulfed in one of his favorite hockey jerseys with the sleeves rolled up. Madison was wearing her own jersey.
Why are you a Flyers fan anyway? Abby tilted her head.
He took a deep breath. Youve met my father now, and Im sure you noticed that hed rather be anywhere else than with his family. Well, when I was about ten, he landed a big case in Buffalo and his client was a huge Flyers fan. Stefen gave him a knowing look because he, too, had had an absentee father. This client would take his son with him to all the games, so my dad thought it would be a good move to take me to a couple with them, too. Looking back, I know he only did it for business relations, but Ill tell you, at the time I felt like the luckiest kid. I thought my dad wanted to be with me. Starting to choke up a little, he tilted his eyes to Stefen who was staring straight ahead, expressionless. Anyway, I fell in love with hockey and have been loyal to the Flyers ever since. Going to those games were the only childhood memories I have that included my father. 
He forced a smile for Abbys sake. She looked a little gloomy. Stretching for her hand, he brought it to his lips and assured her, Its okay, babe. Dont look so sad. Figuring it was as good a time as any, he added, Youre about to witness the Flyers kick some ass. He chuckled and let her hand go, turning toward the front with a lump in his throat. 
Madison mustve woken up because the next thing Caleb heard was, Daddy, you said ass. 
Damn.
In the stadium, they picked up the normal junk food you get at such an event, nasty beer and all. Caleb couldnt contain his excitement as they searched for their seats. Rene had never shared this one passion with him. He only hoped Abby would fall in love with the sport like he had. Smirking, he pictured her next to him at another game, wearing her own hockey jersey. Now that would be awesome.
Hockey fans were a whole other creature and exhilaration hummed throughout the place. Caleb saw a huge smile break out on Abbys face before taking her seat next to him. Wow, these are some pretty passionate fans.
You havent seen anything yet, Caleb promised just as the lights dimmed and the home team hit the ice. Cheers erupted, The Star Spangled Banner was sung, and it was game time.
This is a lot faster paced than I thought it would be. Abby grinned from ear to ear. She looked like a kid on Christmas morning, the very first year that kid actually understood what all the hoopla was about. 
Suddenly, a fight broke out on the ice. This was it. This was where he would discover how she really felt about the game. Abby gripped his hand tightly as fans all around them yelled. 
Oh my gosh, Caleb, that guy took the others helmet off, and hes hitting his face. Launching onto her feet, like Stefen and others around them, she held her hands to the sides of her head, squeezing her face a little. 
Caleb rose next to her and wrapped his arm her shoulder. 
Why isnt the referee stopping it? Shit. She was freaking out.
Leaning down close to her ear, Caleb explained, Well, they dont actually stop it until one of them hits the ice, or when its safe for the referee. 
She shivered as his breath hit her skin. He would never get tired of that.
Checking for his daughters reaction on the other side of him, he noticed that Madison was still seated, eating her pretzel. This wasnt her first hockey game. She was aware of what was going down. The player finally hit the ice with a bloody nose. Yeah, Abby wasnt going to dig that at all. She sat down once the hostile duo went into their penalty boxes. 
You okay, babe?
Are you kidding me? A massive smile spread across her face as she giggle-laughed. That was freaking awesome.
He blinked in shock. Are you serious?
Yeah, my blood is still pumping. What a rush. Why did they fight anyway? She was speaking a mile a minute.
Caleb laughed and started to explain when Madison interrupted. Nobody messes with the goalie, right, Daddy?
Youve got that right, sweetie. He couldnt contain his joy. His daughter and soon to be wife joined in his enthusiasm for this sport.
Peering past Madison, Caleb watched Stefen mouth, You lucky bastard. To which Caleb nodded, put his arms around his girls on each side of him and pulled them closer.
Dont I know it.



Heading up to their rooms, Caleb couldnt tear his eyes away from Abby. Shed noticed, too. He probably looked like he was ready to pounce.
Before leaving the game, shed asked if they could go into the pro shop to buy a jersey that fit a little better. His primitive hormones may have kicked up a notch once she replaced his jersey with her own. He imagined her strolling around in nothing but that jersey and needed to pull himself together. His daughter was standing right here beside him.
As if to remind him she was there, Madison begged, Daddy, can I stay with Abby tonight? Girls should stay together. You can stay in the boys room.
Raising his eyebrows, he glanced over to Abby, questioning if she was up for that. Of course you can stay with me. Your daddy can hang out in the stinky boy room, and we can sleep in the pretty princess room.
Caleb pretended to be wounded, holding his hand over his heart. 
Daddy, youre so silly. Madison covered her mouth, trying to contain a laugh.
Fine, Ill go get the princesss bag and meet you back in your room. He purposely stared Abby in the eye when he said it, still on fire for her.
Caleb returned a few minutes later and told Madison to go take a bath. He needed a minute alone with his woman. After the bathroom door closed, he grabbed Abby by the waist and yanked her to him, growling, I knew it was a bad idea to stay last night. I dont know how Im ever going to get any sleep without you in my arms. It was a good thing they werent alone. This was one evening he could see them going down a road he hadnt planned yet.
Her breath caught before she offered her suggestive promise. Get all the rest you can now, Mr. Hunter, because soon you wont be getting any sleep when Im in your arms.
Calebs eyes widened. Now Im definitely not getting any sleep. I better get out of here. He slowly ran his lips across hers before kissing them. Opening her mouth, he deepened their kiss. Her hands began to wander down his back until she reached his behind. He needed this. The love this woman had to offer him was overpowering. They had to stop before he pulled her into the next room. Withdrawing from their fiery kiss, he vowed, Soon, I wont be leaving you for the night.
Abby attempted to catch her breath. I cant wait. 
The next couple of months were going to be torture. Stepping away, he proceeded to say goodnight to Madison, reminding her to brush her teeth before bed, then he exited the bathroom. 
Needing to touch Abby one last time tonight, he gave her a crooked smile before capturing her in his arms again. Youre giving me a lot to look forward to. He kissed her again and struggled, not wanting to let her go. I love you. See you in the morning.



Abby was dressed for bed when Madison got out of the bathroom wearing princess PJs. Can you help me with the toothpaste?
Sure. We can brush at the same time. Abby followed her soon-to-be daughter back into the bathroom.
Madison used a toothbrush that blinked on and off for a couple of minutes, letting her know how long to brush. When the light stayed off, she rinsed her mouth and spit out the water. All done. Well, that was nifty. They didnt have toothbrushes like that when Abby was little.
Hopping over to the bed, Madison got under the covers before admitting, Abby, Im really glad I get to share my daddy with you. Her innocent brown eyes dug deep and cuddled into Abbys soul. 
The thought had never occurred to Abby that Caleb belonged to Madison first. This sweet being had such a giving spirit and was happily sharing her most treasured possession, her father. 
Abby almost lost it, then the little girl added, And Im glad I can share you with my daddy. 
Abby would tell anyone with complete confidence that you can actually feel your heart grow. Madison had seeped into another void Abby hadnt realized she needed filled. Shed lost her child, and this little girl fit perfectly into that gaping hole, making her heart complete once again. 
Madison timidly continued, Since my mommy is in heaven, and you and daddy are getting marriedcan I call you Mama?
Without warning, Abbys eyes filled with tears. Her voice cracked when she confirmed without a doubt, Sweet baby girl, I would be honored if you called me Mama. 
Madison gave her a huge smile that melted her already expanded heart, and Abby leaned down and kissed the baby soft cheek on her angelic face. 
Goodnight Mama. I love you.
I love you, too. Have a good nights sleep. Abby moved up and kissed her on the forehead before joining her under the covers. There was no way she would be able to go to sleep yet. Reaching for her phone, she sent Caleb a text.

Abby: Madison asked if she could call me Mama
Caleb: How do you feel about that?
Abby: Overwhelmed with joy 
Caleb: Wondered if she would ask you tonight.
Abby: Thanks for the heads up!
Caleb: LOLdidnt want to take away from your moment.
Abby: Have I told you how much I love you?
Caleb: Yes, but I could never get tired of hearing it.
Abby: Good night :) I <3 U!
Caleb: <3 U 2. See you in the morning. BTW cant stop   
             thinking about what you said.
Abby: ;)



Look at this mess. I dont know how Im ever going to get this ready in time. Abby propped her hands on her hips. She probably looked like a mess as well in her paint-stained yoga pants, but this bedroom was the disaster. She was in the midst of redecorating. All the furniture had been removed, and the sandalwood color she and Caleb had just finished painting was still wet. Ladders, paintbrushes, rollers, and buckets were still scattered all over the floor as well as the drop cloths that protected the exquisite hardwood flooring.
The master bathroom was already completely revamped in a neutral, light forest green with glossy white cabinetry and two pedestal sinks side by side. Abby had never shared a bathroom with a man before, so she was really thankful theirs had a separate small toilet room. She couldnt help but make the closet-sized room a little girlie by adding a dainty chandelier. Shed also added another slightly larger chandelier over the new extra-large bathtub fit for two. Although, she had a feeling Madison might get more use out of the tub than the newlyweds would. Caleb told her he didnt enjoy baths. 
Who knows, maybe I can change his mind, she thought with a smile.
I still cant believe Caleb asked you to redo the entire house while youre planning a wedding. You know you can always hire someone. Leah had stopped by to check on their progress before heading out to pick Madison up from her grammys house.
And you know thats not me. He wanted to hire people, but I enjoy it myself. Well, with my bestest gal, of course. Abby placed her arm around Leahs shoulder. Shed already suckered Leah into helping with a few of the larger projects.
I know, I know. Id do the same, Leah replied with a sigh.
Are you sure you dont mind taking Madison today? They needed to do some work on the gift Abby was planning to give her new daughter. Theyd figured out a way to hide it, but it was difficult hiding it while she worked on it.
Of course not, shes my little chica. I tried calling her chiquita the other day, but she said that was a banana and she wasnt a banana, so I guess thats out. Leah started to cackle.
Well, its better than what Stefen calls her. 
Stefen? Calebs cousin, Stefen? Leahs expression was comical.
Yep. Abby grinned. Apparently, back in the day when he changed her diapers, she peed on him, so he calls her squirt.
She lets him call her that? Leah gasped. I swear that man can get away with anything. All he has to do is flash those damn hazel eyes and offer up a grin with his perfect lips. Leahs reaction made Abby snort.
I agree, he does seem to get whatever he wants. You know Lisa, that girl I told you about at Calebs parents house?
The one that needs a good bitch slap? Leave it to Leah not to sugarcoat.
Yeah, well, she and Stefen have this weird vibe going on. Its like if he tells her to jump, she doesnt even ask how high. She just knows, but theres no affection with them at all. Caleb told me shes been after both of them since they were teenagers, but she seems to have a little unhealthy obsession with Stefen.
Doesnt surprise me. Leah rolled her eyes. Hes honestly the most beautiful man Ive ever seen, but hes a player. He knows hes good-looking, and Im sure he uses it to his advantage. No matter how big of a major turn off that is, its also a damn shame. She pursed her lips, but her bogus look of disgust wasnt quite convincing.
Hes going to be here for the wedding, you know. Hes Calebs closest friend and best man. So, you guysll be walking up the aisle together. You okay with that? Abby eyed her friend.
Of course. She responded a little too enthusiastically. Just because I wouldnt date him doesnt mean I wont enjoy gawking.
Apparently hell be staying for a few weeks, too. Hes using the time as a vacation from work. I guess he, his dad, and his uncle have been working on this high profile case, and Calebs really excited Stefen will be getting away from it all for a bit. 
Abby had mixed feelings about Stefen being here when they came back from their honeymoon. However, she didnt want to be a brat about it. Caleb was so at peace with his cousin staying, but they were also starting their lives together. No matter, by the time the wedding and their two-week honeymoon came and went, he would only be here a few more days.
She felt conflicted about some of the things Caleb had shared about him. 
Leah nudged her. She mustve seen it on Abbys face. 
Abby sighed. Caleb mentioned how worried he gets about Stefen because hes sucked into that superficial life the rest of the familys in. Caleb sees his potential. He wants much for him, you know? Hes tried to get Bri and Stefen to move to Santa Barbara for years. Hes even busted out the Madison guilt card. They both laughed, knowing darn well that particular card was a difficult one to resist. He says Stefen isnt like that deep down. If you saw him with Madison, youd believe it, too. The man had pigtails after a night with that girl. Maybe if he had some spicy Latina in this city, he may consider relocating.
Pigtails? Leah snorted. Oh man, I wish I had seen that. Youre sneaky, my friend. I knew you had an ulterior motive for talking about him. If he was anything like Caleb I mightve fallen head over heels, but hes not. Ill enjoy the view while he visits, but aint nobody got time for a playa. Leahs sassiness could bring Abby out of a slump any day.
I dont know if I should be concerned by that statement about my fianc or happy. She narrowed her eyes playfully at Leah. Because its you, Ill go for happy.
Whatre you guys talking about? Caleb walked in the bedroom, stepped behind Abby, and gave her a kiss on the neck.
Boyfriend-less envious girl standing right here, guys. Wait for me to leave before getting all touchy-feely please. 
Caleb always laughed at Leahs comments, but Abby knew what she said wasnt far from the truth. Shed been so wrapped up in him and the wedding that she hadnt taken too much time for the two of them. She would have to be mindful of that after the honeymoon. 
I need to head out now anyway, Leah said. Ill have Madison back tonight after dinner. Shes going to be my dinner date at that new steakhouse, since my vegetarian friend here wont go with me.
Thanks again. I cant wait to finish her gift and see her expression. Abby was overjoyed about her present.
Leah waved as she walked out of the room, down the stairs and, by the sound of the front door opening then closing, out of the house.
I know youre busy working in here and all, but do you mind keeping me company while I put my laundry away in the other room? Caleb pulled on the bottom of her oversized button-up shirt, directing her out of the room. By the way, I love my shirts on you. He smirked.
She tried to ignore his smile, but it was nearly impossible. Im sure I can tear myself away for a bit, but then I need to head to the backyard to finish up.
He walked behind her, and she knew exactly where his eyes wereburning a hole in the butt of her thin cotton pants. She wiggled her hips. Mr. Hunter, please take your eyes off my behind. She twirled around as his eyes quickly flew up to meet hers, and they both laughed.
He cocked his left eyebrow. How did you know?
A girl always knows; its an instinct. Even if we dont tell guys that we feel it, we totally do.
A strange but still somewhat playful expression came over him. I dont expect you to feel it from anyone but me. And if you do, I suggest you tell me about it. 
Where did that come from?
Caleb Hunter, I am not going to tell you about every guy that plants his eyes on my rear. They just cant help but look. I dont exactly have a tiny, unnoticeable butt, you know.
Believe me, I know your sensual curves are noticeable. He chuckled in a sexy way. It was one of the first things I noticed on the first day of school.
She blinked. The first day?
Of course, just being in your presence was overwhelming. I know this is totally girlie, but it was almost like my soul just knew that it wanted to be with you way before my brain would accept that it was an okay thing.
Her heart pulsated, and her belly fluttered. You cant say stuff like that, Caleb. You make me want to break down and cry. Youre my dream come true. She had to bite her lip to keep it from trembling.
I dont say those things to make you cry, love. Holding her close, he placed a soft, tender kiss on her temple. Those had quickly become her favorite kisses.
Tears of joy, she reassured him. And Im more than happy to shed those. 
He sighed happily. Enough with the mushy, weve got work to do today. He popped her on the behind, and she yelped. Hed never done that before.
They entered one of the upstairs guest rooms at the end of the hall, and Caleb motioned for Abby to sit on the bed hed been sleeping in for a few months. Insistent, he moved out of the master bedroom right after their engagement so she could make it their space. He wanted them to share the new room from day one, as man and wife. Shed been working hard, transforming it to a completely different style, their style. His manly, somewhat modern and her shabby chic, vintage styles were intertwined, not only in their home, but also their wedding that was around the corner.
Caleb slid the heavy, mirrored closet door to the side while Abby sat at the foot of the bed, watching his every move, confident that she could stare at him the rest of her life and be a happy woman.
Oh, wow. I forgot these were in here. Frozen, he stared into the closet.
What is it? She got up and peered over his shoulder, noticing a few paintings leaning against the wall inside the dark closet.
Rene painted those. He still hadnt moved a muscle.
Really? Can I see them? Grace had told her about Renes passion for art, but Abby didnt realize shed painted, as well.
Peaking over his shoulder, Caleb spoke softly. Are you sure?
Of course! Stop being so silly. Stepping around his tall frame, she wrapped her arms around his waist. Your memories of her dont bother me, babe. I really wish you would understand that. At one time, she was an important part of your life. I want to celebrate with you.
His hesitation was replaced with an awe-inspiring, heartwarming smile. The things she wanted to do to him when he looked at her like thatInstead, she turned so that her back pressed against his chest. Which one is your favorite?
Letting out a puff of air, he reached around and selected a captivating painting of a woman cradling a baby in her arms as she walked along the shore. This one. Moving to her side, he held the canvas in front of them. She duplicated a photo that Id taken of her carrying Madison at the beach, right before her chemo started. Madison was only six weeks there.
Abby ran her hand up and down his back. Its beautiful.
It is. Rene loved art, but didnt get into painting her own work until she got sick. It was an outlet for her. She only painted a handful of pictures, all right there. 
Abby glanced back to the pile. It looked like there were about five unframed images propped against each other. 
She said they were for Madison, so shed always have a piece of her mommys heart. He started to choke up. I should have these professionally framed and wrapped up for her.
Could I do it? she asked gently. He was obviously struggling; it was the least she could do. I would love to do that for Madison. She figured it was better to say she was doing something for his daughter, rather than pointing out that he was the one having a hard time with them.
He let out a slow breath and took a moment. Yes, thank you. You take such good care of me. Feeling his lips on her neck, she shivered, and Caleb let out a low, sexy chuckle.
Spinning to face him, she eyed the bed behind him. Were not in an appropriate room for you to be doing things like that to me. Using the sultry voice shed only recently discovered, Abby added, If you dont stop, Im going to show you everything Im willing to do for you.
The stunned gaze on his face was almost comical. Well then, I think I can work on putting my laundry away later. Lets go work on some other project. Leaning the picture against the wall, Caleb pulled her by the hand. Time to leave this room. 
Good idea.



The last day of school was finally over, and although itd been one of the most challenging years shed had to date, Abby was sad to be leaving her fifth grade students. Plans were still up in the air for next year as far as which grade shed be teaching, though Abby was confident now that shed love any grade she was placed with.
Sitting on her couch, she glanced around at her closest friends and couldnt help but feel sentimental. Leah, Dani, and Bri had all stopped their lives for the next week so they could be at her disposal.
Im so glad you guys are both in town already so we can do this girls night in before the madness starts this week. By the way, you guys are amazing for taking the time off to help out. I cant thank you enough. Abby spoke to Bri and Dani while Leah looked on. And you know how crazy amazing you are, my friend. I dont even need to tell you. Abby patted her Leahs thigh, next to her on the couch.
Are you kidding? Bri shook her head. Ive never seen my cousin happier than he is right now, and I do mean never. I wouldnt miss helping out for anything in the world. 
Hmm. What did she mean by never?
Getting up from the sofa, Dani clapped her hands and rubbed them together. Okay, enough of the sappy talk. Wheres the vino? 
Ah, a girl after my own heart. Bri put her arm around Danis shoulder and led her to the kitchen.
Abby yelled after them, Not too much, though. We have to meet the guys tomorrow for breakfast to finalize a few things.
When have you known me to go overboard? Dani questioned as they returned with two bottles and a bottle opener Abby had never seen before. 
Bri stepped up from behind her with four stemmed glasses. 
Dont answer that, Abby, Leah said teasingly. Dani knows you have almost as many stories in your filing cabinet as I do, and look, she even brings her own bottle opener with her.
I just know how to have a good time, thats all. Like Marilyn Monroe said, Well-behaved women rarely make history, and I plan on making sure everyone remembers me. Dani winked and slapped her voluptuous behind. Lets get the pretty part of this party done first. Dani grabbed a large suitcase-looking thing and brought out an arsenal of nail products as she sat on the floor by the table. Everyone, pick out your color first.
Do you sell these? Bri asked, searching for her color within the crapload laid out on the coffee table.
No, I just love nail products. I used to go to the salon, but now I just do them at home. She picked up one of the small black bottles and showed everyone. Orange, this is my color.
Red here. Leah wiggled her bottle in the air.
I cant decide between the pink or this shimmery glitter-looking one. Abby held the two bottles in her hands.
Itll still be on for the wedding next week unless you decide to change it, so pick the one you want for that.
Okay, then the sparkly, glittery one it is. Abby grinned with satisfaction. Ill try pink next time.
Purple for me as usual. Bri motioned to her purple halter-top, matching purple jewelry and finally purple-heeled sandals.
Ill show you how to apply it, but I only have two lamps, so well have to take turns. Dani held up two devices that looked like cell phones.
Why do you have two? Abby questioned.
I normally do my toenails at the same time. Dani placed them on the table, and they popped open like mini transformers.
So, you stick your funky toes in one of those? Leah frowned. Ill pass. I know what your feet smell like, sista. Leah and Dani always had something funny to say about each other.
Be quiet. I clean them afterward. 
Everything was on the coffee table and ready to go by the time they were all sitting on the floor with their glasses of wine.
So, Leah, you know Stefens here already, right? Abby hinted.
Bri raised her eyebrows. Why does she care if my brother is here? 
I dont, Leah said quickly. Theres nothing to tell, right Abby? Leah gave Abby her best evil eye.
Hello, hermana, you havent told me anything about a Stefen. Whats up with that? Dani chimed in before taking a sip of the Cabernet Sauvignon in her glass.
Nothing, I said. There is nothing up with that. Leah grabbed her sangria and gulped.
She looked a little upset, but Abby didnt mean to embarrass her. Im sorry, I shouldnt have said that. I was just giving her a hard time. They were a little flirty when he was here for the engagement, but Caleb kept stepping between them, and he wont tell me why.
Leahs face now glowed the same color as the polish shed picked out. 
Yeah, that sounds about right, Bri commented.
Which part? Dani asked, curious.
All of it. My brother is, well, lets just say he enjoys the ladies, and Caleb will protect anyone he cares about from it, Bri proclaimed sadly.
Why did Caleb invite him then? Dani asked, applying the gel to Bris fingernails.
Surprisingly, theyre still best friends. We all grew up together and were inseparable until Caleb met Rene and Stefen started working at my uncle and dads firm. I love my brother, but I would protect you from him, too, Bri gave Leah a nod, unless youre into that sort of thing, of course.
Not sure what sort of thing youre talking about, but I know hes a player. No guy looks like that and isnt one. Im not interested in that, though. Leah took a smaller sip this time.
So, hes hot, huh? Dani was suddenly more interested.
Leahs eye widened just as her smile did. Yeah, hes pretty much the hottest guy Ive ever seen in person.
Ewww, thats my brother youre talking about, Leah. Bri pretended to be grossed out. At least Abby thought she was pretending.
Hey, every hot guy is someones son, brother, or cousin, Dani pointed out, but it doesnt change the fact that hes hawt.
Everyone laughed loudly at that, and Abby couldnt help but notice the look on Leahs face, almost as if she was lost a little. Shed have to ask her about it when they were alone.



There was a knock at the door, and it took all of Abbys energy to get out of bed. What time is it? Her head was throbbing. She grabbed her robe, threw it on, and headed for the door, passing a completely knocked out Bri on the couch. Bri looked comical in only one shoe and smeared make-up.
Another loud knock sounded at the door. It seemed like the more steps she took toward the door, the further away it was. When she finally got to it, she threw it open to see the most beautiful man with a worried look on his face.
Oh, baby, are you okay? I tried calling you, then Bri and Leah. None of you answered. He pulled her into his arms and held her.
Im fine, just sleepy, and my head is pounding. She felt someone walk past them.
Hey, sleepyhead, time to get up. Stefen laughed at his sister, who was starting to stir.
Be quiet, asshat, the room is spinning. Ugh, I think I might be sick. She jumped up and ran into the bathroom, rising and falling in her one heeled sandals.
Damn, how much did you girls drink last night? Stefen plopped onto the couch and put his boot-covered feet up on the coffee table.
Abby spotted Leah down the hall, coming toward them, but couldnt do anything to stop her. Everything hurt. Caleb was the only thing keeping her upright.
Whats going on? Abbys best friend stood directly in front of Stefen, wearing only a pair of fire red panties and a small white tank top and rubbing her eyes. Abby was horrified for Leah, who was still clueless. I feel like a truck ran me over.
Well, you look absolutely mouth-watering. Stefens deep voice slapped Leah into consciousness before he chuckled.
Leahs eyes popped open and blinked a few times. Shit. She turned and ran for it. Abby heard Caleb start to scold Stefen as she tried to catch up to her bionic woman friend darting back down the hallway into her room. The door slammed in her face, which made her head throb even more. Reaching for the knob, she opened it slowly and stuck her head in just to have a pillow slam into her pounding temple.
Ouch! Abby yelped.
Leah was freaking out. Holy shit, Abby! I just walked into the living room half naked, ready for a wet T-shirt contest, and there is Stefen and Caleb. Im gonna throw up. She ran into the bathroom and literally began to hurl. Yeah, there was a lot of that going on this morning. Abby crawled back into bed and curled up with her pillow just as she heard a knock on the door.
Can I come in? Caleb spoke from the other side.
Hold on...Leah, are you staying in the bathroom? Abby regretted yelling as soon as she did it.
Yeah, Im gonna jump in the shower, she moaned before closing the bathroom door.
Poor Leah. It sounded like she was crying, but Abby just couldnt get back up to go comfort her.
Okay, come in, Caleb, she whispered, hoping he would hear.
Thank goodness he did. Opening the door, he stepped in then closed it behind him. You okay?
Yeah, I think we all overdid it last night. She could only imagine what she looked like, peering up at him with one eye.
You think? He chuckled.
Stop teasing and lay here with me. She gestured for him to join her.
Okay, but only for a minute. We have to get going. He popped his shoes off and curled in bed behind her, bringing her back up to his chest. Youve gotta take a shower before we go.
Do I smell that bad? Abby was tempted to smell her underarms, but she remembered all the times Leah had told her that was not sexy and to never do it in front of Caleb.
You smell like you drank too much last night, and its probably not a good idea to have our final meeting with the pastor smelling like a winery.
Dont make me laugh, I have a headache. And boy did she.
Well, youre better off than Bri. Shes still puking. He ran his fingertips up and down her arm.
Should I go help her? Sitting up too quickly, she then held her head with both hands.
No, Stefen is in there with her. Caleb pulled her back to snuggle.
Is it okay for him to be in there with Bri? He wasnt very nice to her.
Theyre siblings. They fight relentlessly but love each other fiercely.
If you say so.
So, why did you guys drink so much last night? He pulled her hand to his lips for a kiss.
Oh man, I dont know, but itll never happen again.
He winked at her. Thats what they all say.



Theyd spent the last week working on final arrangements for the wedding and, besides minor details, the backyard was set up, ready for tomorrows big event. Theyd already gone through the rehearsal yesterday, and Abby was more than ready to spend tonight relaxing with her loved ones. She also couldnt wait to show Madison the gift shed been keeping secret for weeks. There would be a little surprise for a few of the adults tonight as well.
Madison had been put to the side a little lately, and Abbys plan for the evening was to make it special for her. Knocking on the bedroom door, she asked, Are you ready in there, pumpkin?
The door opened, and Abby almost squealed at the sight of Madison in her new brown and white, giraffe print sundress with pink trim and a pink bow at the back of the waist. Mama, I chose the dress you got for me after the zoo, since it reminds me of Daddy asking you to marry him. Was there anything this little girl could say that wouldnt make Abbys heart swell? And with her little lisp, shed been pronouncing the word since like thince, the cuteness never stopped either. All ready for our movie night.
Theyd bought a projector and outdoor screen in anticipation of this night. The screen was sitting in front of Madisons present so the little girl wasnt too surprised at the set up when they got into the backyard. Blankets and picnic baskets lay on the grass, to the side of where the reception would be held tomorrow. The list of guests for Madisons special evening included Leah, Dani, Bri, Stefen, Grace, Robert, Abbys mom, Dave, Julianne, and of course Caleb, along with herself. All but Abby stood in a line, holding up pieces of paper, waiting for the little girls arrival.
Madison looked confused until Caleb approached and handed her an invitation. I heard there was something special going on here tonight.
Madison took the invite from his hand and read the simple words out loud.



She looked up from the invite, still confused until Robert and Dave moved the movie screen to the side, exposing her surprise.
The highest pitched squeal came out of Madisons mouth before she took off running toward the little girl-sized reproduction of the dollhouse shed gotten for Christmas. Thanks to Robert and Daves carpentry skills, the structure looked exactly like the dollhouse. The front doors and shutters were open so everyone could see inside. A small sofa, coffee table, and side table were the only furniture that fit, but she was able to manage getting lots of girly accessories sprinkled here and there, including a lamp with a feathery and beaded shade.
Abby fought back her tears just as she heard Calebs breath hitch beside her. Oh my gosh, you didnt.
She followed his line of sight to see what he was talking about. Oh no. He wasnt happy about the other surprise. Chancing a glance at him while all the other adults joined the squealing Madison, she saw his face was pale, and his eyes glassy. Im so sorry. I thought it would make you happy. 
He swiped his eyes with his palms, trying to avoid anyone else seeing him cry, then drew her in by her hands. That is one of the most beautiful, selfless things Ive ever seen. I cant believe you had Renes paintings resized and replicated to fit into Madisons playhouse.
Relieved, she said, You scared the crud out of me. I thought I crossed a line, and you were going to leave me at the altar tomorrow.
Not a chance in hell. Youre stuck with me. Holding her in his arms, he leaned down to reach her mouth for a kiss.
Feeling Madison tugging on their shirts, they both looked down. Mama, you remembered I wanted a big dollhouse we could have tea parties in. Little arms grabbed and held onto her upper thighs. Thank you, thank you so much, Mama. I love it.
Abby squatted down and noticed Grace was standing in the background, watching all of this unfold. Did you see the paintings in there? Madison nodded, and Abby grabbed Calebs hand, pulling him down with her and giving him a glance so that he knew to continue the explanation.
He looked choked up, but finally said, Those were painted by your mommy in heaven, as a gift to you. She wanted you to remember her always.
Madison leaped up and down, yelling, Yeah, my mommy made pretty pictures for me. I want to see them again. She took off running, right past her grammy. Graces expression changed before she turned around and walked back to the playhouse. Her hand covered her mouth as she stared at her deceased daughters artwork, as though it was the first time shed ever seen it.
Babe, hasnt she ever seen those before? Abby asked.
No. Caleb shook his head, regretful. After everything went down, I just put them away, and quite honestly forgot they were there until we found them last week, but you must be rubbing off on me because I have an idea. Where are the originals?
Having a clue of where he was going with this, she smiled. Framed and packed up in the garage.
Follow me.



Today was the day Abby was going to marry the man of her hopes, dreams and wishes. Standing in front of the full-length mirror, she admired her beautiful dress. The sheer straps felt so delicate and light it was almost as though they werent there at all. An intricate pattern of beads swirled over the bodice, which fit her like a glove and accentuated her curvy frame. Her eyes followed the lavish material down to the hem where the same pattern was stitched in fine detail, minus the beads. Twirling slightly, she delighted in the way the chiffon outer layer flowed all the way down to her sage heels. She sighed aloud at how pretty it was. She couldnt stop looking at it.
Alone in her bedroom for the last moments, Abby began to reflect. This time last year, shed had no hopes of ever finding a man to love her. Believing she was to be all by herself for the rest of her life was a painful memory. Shed experienced so much hurt before she met Caleb. But then, she did meet him, and her life was forever changed. Not only had this man loved her, but he also helped her heal from the most testing situation shed ever experienced. This man, her beloved soon-to-be husband, loved her before shed become whole. Hed accepted her, baggage and all. What had she ever done in her life to deserve such a gift?
Smoothing her dress down, she imagined the expression on Calebs face when she walked down the aisle to meet him. She smiled picturing his face. His short, thick, black hair perfectly balanced between messy and well kept, dark brows above his beautiful coffee brown eyes, and his perfectly symmetrical nose that led to his sensual lips turned up into a dazzling smile.
Thoughts of her father came flooding into her mind. Once she had learned the importance of forgiveness for her own growth, Abby had forgiven him for leaving her and her mom. Although she wouldve loved to have a father here on her wedding day, it wouldve just been for show. They never had a relationship.
Madison burst into the room wearing her cream-colored flower girl tutu dress and ballet slippers with a feathery flower clip in her messy up-do. Mama, its time to go soon. 
The butterflies in Abbys stomach suddenly made their presence known as soon as her mother and Grace walked in the room. As expected, both women wore the same mother-of-the-bride expressionutter delight and pride.
Grace, being the refined woman that she was, stepped aside to allow Abbys mom to approach her first. Youre so beautiful, sweetheart. Im at a loss for words. 
Oh no, the waterworks were beginning already.
Please dont make me cry yet, Mom. It took Leah forever to get my makeup on. Abby fanned herself, moving her eyes up so the tears wouldnt fall.
Get used to this emotional rollercoaster today, pumpkin, because we just got started. Her mom laughed.
Grace came up next. Abby was so thankful her mom had kindheartedly allowed Grace to enjoy the festivities right alongside her. There wasnt a resentful bone in her moms body. In all honesty, Abby imagined her mother being relieved that there was someone else to help with all of the mother-of-the-bride duties. Your mother is right, darling. You look stunning, although Im not just referring to your dolled-up appearance. Youre absolutely glowing.
Abby vigorously fanned her face again, willing the tears to go away. 
May I place the veil on you now? Abby hadnt realized that Grace had anything in her hands when shed walked in.
Please. Her voice came out faintly as emotions slammed into her. This wedding was about so much more than her marrying Caleb. She was going to be this womans daughter as well.
Thank you for asking to wear my veil, Abby. My Rene chose a new one for her wedding that went with her more modern style, but I secretly wished my daughter had chosen mine. Now she has. 
That was it; she could no longer hold back. Leah would just have to redo her makeup before the ceremony. 
Sweetie, dont cry. Grace held onto her after fixing the veil. Abbys mom joined them in a three-way hug and cry.
Okay, enough of this. My baby girl has a wedding to get to, her mom announced, getting everyone in the houses attention.
Bri, Dani, Maria and Julienne all crammed into the room before Leah said, Oh no, chica, look at your makeup. Thatll never do. Ill fix you up right before we get there. Lets go, girls. Its game time.



Caleb was a nervous wreck. He paced on the side of the yard where the ceremony was to take place. Looking down at the very relaxed Stefen in his tux as he sat on one of the white folded chairs by the aisle, he asked, What time is it?
Five minutes after you asked me last. Stefen rolled his eyes.
So, they should be here in about fifteen minutes. The weather was perfect, but his palms were sweating anyway. When theyd decided to get married at the same time of day that hed proposed, he hadnt considered the fact that hed be counting down the minutes all day.
Yes, now would you please calm down? Youre starting to make me tense. Stefen cracked his neck, then got up and walked away.
Trying not to roll his eyes, Caleb glanced upward and took in the sight above. Thin white material draped loosely above his head, creating a tent-like feel. Hanging from the material, directly above the aisle, were several small chandeliers. Several more were scattered in the reception area toward the back of the yard. Hed gone with Abby to pick them up from a local antique shop. Shed explained that, in memory of this day, the chandeliers were going to be placed throughout their home once they got back from their honeymoon. She was so sentimental in a practical way. God, he loved that woman.
Just then, he saw Grace. He knew Abby couldnt be far away. Before his internal freak-out could begin, he forced himself to think about something else. 
Grace smiled at him from across the yard and started toward him. Look at you, son. Hands down, the most handsome man here today. She cupped her mouth and whispered, Shh, dont tell dad I told you that, though. 
He was beside himself with joy that Grace and Robert were here representing his parents. His own mother and father had been unable to make the wedding due to previous engagements. He wasnt surprised.
Thanks, Mom. Im so happy youre here today. He leaned over and kissed her cheek.
So, mister, when we got home last night, there was a little surprise waiting for us. She gave him a knowing look. Im not sure when you guys slipped out and hung those pictures for us, but you really made my night. Thank you for sharing those with us. Well make sure to get them to Madison when shes old enough.
He rubbed an affectionate palm up and down her arm when he noticed guests were starting to arrive. He mustve had a look of panic because Grace held the sides of his face and turned him to look at her. 
Stop that right now. Relax, enjoy, and take it all in. Remember that surfers saying you told me? 
He nodded. It was the phrase hed repeat in his head on his most intense days: One of the biggest lessons you learn about surfing is how to operate in the present. Thats really what the foundation of the entire surfing experience is. 
She smiled softly. Apply that to today. Stay in the present, son.
Thanks, Mom. 
She kissed him on the nose before walking away. He started going through a checklist in his head, making sure he hadnt forgotten anything, like eating. Hed made sure to eat a while before. He didnt want to be one of those grooms that fainted at the altar because of low blood sugar.
Soft music began to play, signaling everyone to take their places. Caleb hadnt noticed the minister slip behind him under the refurbished wooden altar. The structure was covered in sheer material, flowers hed recently learned were hydrangeas, and a large chandelier hung in the center. Looking beyond the pastor, Caleb took a deep breath. At least theyd decided to have a backyard wedding. Less stress, and the ocean view today was incredible. Taking his place, he glanced out at the water. The sun was high enough above the horizon to give them time to complete the ceremony before it dipped into the sea.
Turning his body to face the crowd, he saw that all his groomsmen, Stefen, Robert and his friend and manager, Chris, had also taken their places beside him. Everyone appeared to be seated, then the music subtly switched to the song theyd chosen together, God Bless the Broken Road. 
Bri appeared at the end of the aisle. Caleb and Stefen saw her at the same time. Stefen let out a protective growl. Having the identical response internally, Caleb understood. Bris dress was sage green, and, although classy, it was too short and extremely tight. Trying to recover from seeing his cousin so scantily clad, he focused on the next girl coming down the aisle, Dani. 
She was a beautiful, voluptuous, curvy girl, similar to women portrayed during the nineteen-fifties. She was also wearing sage green, but her dress was a completely different style. Shed chosen a floor-length gown with straps that accentuated her full bust. Leah appeared next, and he felt that protective nature coming over him again. He loved Abbys best friend like a sister. She was wearing a strapless, knee-length, sage green dress and the highest, most slender heels hed ever seen. Leah definitely enjoyed her shoes, but Caleb couldnt figure out how she was walking down the aisle without tripping. 
Stefen noticed her as well, his cousin letting out an audible grunt. Not the protective kind, like with his sister, more animalistic. Caleb wanted to punch Stefen in the gut, but he kept his cool. This was his brides day. She deserved all his attention and effort. Nonetheless, these girls were all going to be the death of him.
He could see his sweet girl right behind Leah, dropping flower petals and smiling to the crowd as she went. She was such a ham, but adorable at the same time. She was so excited to show off her flower girl dress. Hed caught her several times, wearing it in her room, practicing dropping petals. Close behind her was Abbys friend, Melissas, son. He was carrying a sign but had it facing the seated guests. Caleb couldnt read the words until the little boy was standing right in front of him. It read:



After that, the music changed to the only song he was truly interested in hearing today, The Wedding March. His eyes located her immediately. Even though he couldnt see her face through the sheer material of the veil, it didnt keep his heart from stopping. Her mom, Kathleen, accompanied her. It was completely appropriate for her mother to be the one to give her away. It had been the two of them for most of Abbys life, and Caleb was so thankful to the woman whod brought her up to be the incredible woman hed fallen so hard for. It seemed to take an eternity for them to reach him. He could see her face just a little bit through the veil now. She was breathtaking as usual, but there was an additional radiance to her today. He didnt want to be conceited about it, but he prayed that glimmer had something to do with him.
The ceremony began with Kathleen giving Abbys hand to him, and then they turned to each other. Unable to concentrate on the pastors words, Caleb decided to keep his focus on Abby. She was tearing up, so he reached under the veil and tenderly wiped under her eyes.
The time came to exchange vows and rings. Theyd agreed to keep theirs fairly short, so neither started to sob in front of their guests. 
Caleb began, Abby Rose, you showed me what true, mature love could be like. Youre selfless, generous, and genuine, and you pulled me out of my dark existence and back into the light. Now Ill work the rest of my life to make sure you experience the joy you deserve. I love you, baby. Accepting the wedding ring from Stefen, he placed it on her finger.
It was Abbys turn. With a shaky voice, she spoke. Caleb, I never knew a man like you could ever exist. You took the broken woman that I was and helped put me back together. Ill be forever grateful for your kindness and love. Without you, I am empty. I cant wait to start our forever together, as husband and wife. I love you with all of my heart and soul.
Once she placed the ring on his finger, the minister said a few more words before announcing what Caleb had waited for months to hear. You may now kiss your bride.
He hadnt thought about what kind of kiss he would give her, but now that the time had come, he was going for it. Flipping her veil over her head, he smiled before dipping his head and kissing her like nobody else was around. 
Unable to help himself, he breathed into her ear, I cant wait to get you alone, Abby Rose. 
Her body reacted his favorite wayshe shivered. Pulling her back up to her feet, hoots and hollers sounded from the crowd, and Abby granted him a wicked smile. Good, she had the same thing in mind. This reception couldnt end quickly enough. He was ready to take his bride to places neither had experienced.



Abby couldnt believe it, she was officially a married woman. And not just a married woman, but Caleb Hunters wife. She still wasnt positive she wasnt dreaming.
Theyd gone through the ceremony, taken all the pictures she could bear to take, and for their first dance as husband and wife, theyd swayed back and forth to Beseme Mucho. After eating and mingling with all their guests, she was exhausted and thirsty. All of her drinks were brought to her throughout the night so she hadnt visited the refreshment table yet. 
Stepping up to the table, her heart stopped. Sitting in the center was the beautiful ceramic pink, green, and white lemonade jar shed seen last year when shed gone antiquing with Grace and Leah. Next to it was another jar of a similar style, bronze spout and all, except it was cream with brown trim and had the words Sweet Tea inscribed in brown.
She searched the crowd. Grace mustve been watching because a smirk took over her face when they made eye contact. Her new mom blew her a kiss and turned to chat with someone beside her. Abby got it. She didnt want her to make a big deal about this, but it was a big deal. Shed gone back and not only purchased the ridiculously expensive antique for her, but also found a match to it.
About to cry for the millionth time today, Abby felt herself being whirled around, and then she collided with Calebs chest. 
There you are. I was in need of a kiss from my wife, and you disappeared on me. He didnt waste any time, his lips were on her before she had a chance to respond with words, so instead she countered with actions. He didnt break away as he normally did. This was really nice; she could get used to these kinds of kisses.
She heard Stefen come up beside them, muttering, Get a room, you two. 
They both belly laughed until something occurred to herthey had a room. Just up the stairs. 
Drawn into Calebs eyes, she could tell that he had the same thing in mind. The fire in his eyes told all. That intense stare sent a million tiny shivers down her spine, resulting in a full-blown body quiver.
As the song came to an end, Caleb said, Come here, I have a little special something for you. He pulled her to the dance floor where they met up with Dave and her mom. Both men smiled at each other, while Abby and her mom shared a confused look. 
Caleb grabbed her hand and gave it a quick kiss, then leaned in. Dance with your mom, love. Her husband walked away as she looked at her mom, who was receiving a quick peck on her lips before Dave left her.
Then she understood. The sound of a woman and her daughter speaking came through the speakers. The song that Abbys mom had sung to her every night before bed when she was a little girl began to play. You and Me Against the World by Helen Reddy crooned through the area, embracing the two women before theyd even had a chance to hold each other. Her mom wrapped her arms around Abby, and they danced, the only two on the dance floor for the entire party to witness. I love you so much, baby girl, and Im so proud of the woman youve become. 
That was it. Any chance of Abby not losing it was long gone.
I love you too, Mom. Raw emotions spilled out as she ugly cried while swaying and hanging onto her mom for dear life. Unknowingly, theyd drawn a crowd. There were just as many cheers as there were tears.
Abby was wiping at her eyes when Madison approached. Mama, why are you crying?
Im just happy, sweetie, thats all. She noticed Madison trying to process, so she added, Remember how happy you were when Daddy asked me to marry him, and you had happy tears? Madison nodded. Well, Im crying happy tears, not sad tears.
A smile broke out. Okay, that makes senses now. This girl and her cute words killed her.
Mama, can I show you and Daddy something?
Abby wiped the last of her tears off with the back of her hand. Of course, sweetheart. They walked past Caleb, and all Abby had to do was gesture with her head for him to join, and he followed.
He caught up. Whats up?
Madison wants to show us something. They joined hands and followed their little girl over to the large plant shed been tending to for months.
Madison squatted down. Look right here. Both of my beans grew because we all gave them love. She was beaming. 
Yes, it did. Its a beautiful plant, Madison. Abby was so proud of the lesson this plant had taught her little girl about love.
No, look closer, Madison insisted. Therere two plants. She pointed to the stems. Two stalks originated from the dirt, but as if they couldnt survive without each other, they had joined, embraced, and intertwined all the way up to their tops making them appear to be one plant. Madison wasnt the only one whod learned a lesson in love from these seeds. 
Abby and Calebs eyes met, just as they had when these beans had been planted. This time, however, just like the plants, they were now joined together as one.
Lowering, they both scooped Madison up, and the three embraced, making their family one entity. 
Madisons eyes swung from Abby to Caleb and back. I love you, Daddy. I love you, Mama.
We love you too, pumpkin, They both said at the same time.
Then Madisons grin got even bigger. Now, when can I have a baby brother or sister?



Abby relaxed under the large beach umbrella that was blocking her fair skin from the scorching sun. It also helped to keep the bright light from blinding her while she read the most recent romance novel on her e-reader. You know, the steamy sequel she'd waited months for. 
Peeking over her tablet, she took in the man next to her. Caleb lay back in the lounge chair with his sunglasses on, but she could tell his eyes were closed. He was beautiful to look at. With her heart beginning to pick up speed, she dragged her eyes from her husbands head to his feet. His board shorts were beginning to dry after the swim theyd just taken in the ocean. Her eyes lingered on one of her favorite parts of his bodyhis taut stomach dusted with just the right amount of hair. Remembering the times theyd already been intimate this week, she felt her face flushing. Caleb was the most attentive man, in and out of the bedroom.
Turning her attention back to her book, she couldn't help but daydream about her husband and the things shed physically experienced with him.
Whatre you reading? Caleb pushed his sunglasses up to his eyebrows and squinted at the sunlight.
Startled out of her reverie, Abby admitted, Oh, I thought you were asleep.
I was but I could feel your eyes all over me. He lifted one eyebrow and rubbed his index finger over his bottom lip. All she could think about was how delicious it was to kiss that lip. So, what are ya reading?
Um, a new book I just downloaded when we got here. There was no way she was going to give him a title.
Caleb reclined a bit further in his chair and laced his fingers together on that firm stomach she was so fond of. Having a mind of their own, her eyes began to roam once more. 
Which new book would that be, love? 
Damn. It was as if he just knew. 
His crooked smile and sinister stare had her breathing heavy. Youve been squirming and blushing in that chair since we came in from the water and picked up your tablet.
Defeated, she finally whispered, Its that really popular series everyones reading. She could feel her blush creeping higher on her cheeksThen again, it wasnt just her face that was burning up.
You mean the dirty one? He slowly rose and stood in front of her. Why dont you read a scene to me? 
Was he serious? Could she say those naughty words out loud? 
Squatting down until his legs were straddling her knees and his hands were on the armrests of her chair, he leaned in and added, Im your husband. I want to hear the wicked things youre reading about. He reached down and began to run his fingers along the outside of her thighs until he reached the bottom of her bathing suit. Read it to me, Abby, he breathed in her ear.
She relented and began reading, out loud, the hottest scene shed ever read, while her husband watched her every reaction.
As soon as she was done, he grabbed her and pulled her up from the chair. Time to go.
Wait, let me get my stuff first. She tried to reach for some of her things as he pulled her away. 
He took a quick scan and noticed the e-reader was still in her hands. Everything else can be replaced, we need to go now.
She could barely keep up with him as they ran across the hot sand. At one point, he turned, picked her up and threw her over his shoulder like a caveman, not stopping until they entered their hotel room. Tossing her on the bed, Caleb hovered over her body, again requesting she read the scene, but now in the privacy of their room.



After checking the time, Caleb snuggled back up to his blushing bride.  He loved that she was still so bashful.  What he appreciated even more was her willingness to experience new things with him.  This woman had healed his lonely heart, and he was looking forward to sharing the rest of their days together.  Caressing her bare stomach as he kissed her exposed shoulder and neck, he said, We should get out of bed and get something to eat at some point.
Mmhmm, she lazily murmured before feeling the slap on her behind.  Ow. A scowl appeared on her face when she turned to him.
Im hungry, lets go.  Caleb kissed the sensitive skin under her ear before getting up.  Feeling her eyes on his naked body as he walked into the bathroom to take a shower, he turned and she blushed once more.  Damn, he was going to miss that when she was no longer so shy.



 I wonder what Leah and Madison are doing today.  Abby glanced up at Caleb as she took a bite of the most delicious polenta with roasted vegetables.  There was no way shed ever be able to replicate this in the states.  The food theyd been eating while on their honeymoon in the Mediterranean was so much fresher than they were used to.
Mom said they were having a girly day. He snickered just as he received an incoming text.  Neither of them liked to answer their phones at the table, but being this far from home, they were constantly checking their cells.  Wait, Leah has Madison today, right?  He held his phone up with the sweetest picture of Madison wearing a divers outfit.
Thats what Leah said in her text.  Confused, Abby picked up her phone as an incoming message beeped.  Swiping her finger across the screen, she saw a similar picture of Madison.  Oh, how cute.  She showed Caleb the photo, and the air around them altered. 
Calebs demeanor suddenly changed.  He looked pissed off as he aggressively tapped a text on his phone. Son of a bitch, he grumbled under his breath.
Whats going on?  Why is he so upset all of a sudden? 
Apparently, Stefen is with them. A frustrated breath escaped Calebs chest.
Whats so bad about Stefen?  Whyre you trying to keep him away from Leah?  Now she was worried.  What did she not know?
Looking uncertain, Caleb finally said, I havent told you everything about him yet because I was hoping hed behave himself while we were gone.
Do I need to be concerned about Leah?
His expression said it all.  Yes, in fact.  She did need to be concerned for her best friends heart.







Thank you so much for taking the time to read my first book.  
I really hope you enjoyed Abby & Calebs journey.  

If so, please consider leaving a quick review on:
Amazon HERE and if you are on Goodreads, HERE

Thanks!! ~ Kimi







Leah sat at the large, linen covered table under a canopy of silk, poking away at her third piece of wedding cake.  Yes, third piece.   Briefly glancing around, she contemplated licking the plate. To her dismay, her sister, Dani, met her gaze and stifled a laugh. 
Leah paused, the dish already raised halfway to her mouth. What? She shrugged, irritated, considering that maybe shed taken it too far, but it was mouthwatering and worth any stares she would get.  
Why cant Dani find someone to gossip with and leave me alone?
Her older sisters eyes sparkled with humor. Leah wanted to slap that smug look off her face, until Dani said, Youre so interested in your dessert that you havent even noticed Seor Caliente looking your way.  
Leahs head snapped up to catch the grooms cousin, Stefen, staring at her, and Danis laugh finally broke free. Stefen pushed away from the bar and strode confidently toward her, never once breaking eye contact.  Leahs heart started to pound as she put the plate down and wiped the crumbs from her face.
Becoming increasingly flustered by Stefens approach, she attempted to swallow down the lump of nerves in her throat. Oh god, hes coming closer.  This type of man was the last thing she needed in her life.  
Even his sister, Bri, had warned Leah about his cunning intentions when it came to females.  But, damn, was he hot.  She could feel the heat on her face and knew it was bright red.  It didnt help that the previous weekend hed seen her stumbling into her best friend, Abbys living room the night after her bachelorettes party.  She was hung over, wearing only red lacy panties and a tiny white tank top. 
Leah cringed at the memory. 
Stefen stopped in front of her, grinning widely, as if he knew exactly what she was thinking. You look stunning, Leah. I almost didnt recognize you all dressed up. His voice was smooth and deep, causing her skin to break out in goose bumps. 
Yeah, he definitely knew what was on her mind. Leah would have to find a way to take back the upper hand, or she was going to have a difficult time with him later.  
Lifting her eyebrow, she replied, I'm not surprised Stefen, considering I'm upright and clothed, not the typical woman you're used to. 
The night is young still.  His cocky smile and retort came even quicker than hers.
Avoiding his intimidating stare, she scanned the backyard, which had been turned into an elaborate wedding reception.  Her best friend, Abby, was swaying to the music on the dance floor with her new husband, Caleb, and step daughter, Madison. The three of them made such a beautiful family, all moving together. 
Leah stood up, sauntering around him.  Her long black hair cascaded down her tanned back as she peered over her shoulder, and smirked. In your dreams, Stefen.  Im not that kind of woman, but I wouldnt mind a dance.  
Confident that he would follow, she made her way around the pool and headed toward the make shift dance floor.   The candles that floated on the water reflected all around her as she soaked in the romantic atmosphere.  Approaching the crowd, she was momentarily distracted by Abbys new happy little family. 
Leah couldn't help but wonder if it was in the cards for her, to find someone who could love her as much as Caleb loved Abby.  It wasn't as though Leah was an old hag or anything.  Her twenty-sixth birthday was a few months ago, but something about being at weddings brought doubts to the surface. Being a florist, she had to attend these damn things a couple times a month.
She stifled a gasp as Stefen took her into his strong arms and held on tight, instantly pulling her out of those depressing thoughts. Damn, he can move. It wouldnt surprise her if hed taken dance lessons. 
Completely in her element, Leahs nerves dissolved, and she matched him step for step. This was something she was very comfortable with, since she taught dance classes at a local studio a few times a month.
With complete conviction, she lost herself in the rhythm, swaying her hips to the slow melody. Stefens hands slid around her back as he pulled her in closer and she smiled up at him. He was gorgeous, in that naughty boy attempting to appear honorable way. Stefen had the whole wicked hot vibe going for himperfectly styled dark hair, devious look in his dazzling hazel eyes, crooked smile, and attitude to match.  His slight overbite drew her eyes to his full kissable mouth. 
Im impressed.  Your moves are flawless, he complimented, running his hand down her lower back until it rested on the very top of her behind. He gave her a suggestive smirk. And extremely sexy. 
Caught off guard, she lost the rhythm and almost stepped on his foot.  It would do her good to remember what Abby had warned her about the first night shed laid eyes on him, back at the engagement party. Hot men always caused trouble, something she definitely didnt need. 
When Abby told her that he was taking some time away from his office and would be in Santa Barbara while she and Caleb were on their honeymoon, Leah volunteered to show him around town.  Now, she wondered if that was such a good idea.  
She sighed in resignation. I offered. Too late to take it back now. She would just have to be careful not to fall for his charm. Making their outings minimal would help. 
To keep things light, she twirled out of his arms and created some much needed distance between them. She looked back up to give a sassy response but found herself caught in his hazel eyes, and she was lost for words. 
Oh yeah, without a doubt, hes trouble. 
At the same time, she saw a spark of something deep within him that he kept trying to maska longing in his eyes that had nothing to do with his obvious lust.  What that was, Leah had no idea.
Stefen pulled her close once more. Were definitely doing this again while Im here. When can I see you again? 
His hands glided up her hips and lingered at her waist, once more leaving the skin underneath tingling at his touch. His words and mere presence overwhelmed her senses, making her just a little lightheaded.  
She took a deep breath. I have to work most days, but Ill try to make some time to show you around.  I wouldnt want you to have to fend for yourself the whole time, she teased, forcing herself to look away from his blazing gaze. 
Leaning in, Stefen spoke softly into her ear, and a shiver ran down her spine.  Im sure well spend plenty of time together, but I need to work on a handful of things myself.  Even though I cant be in the office, Im the only one that knows how to handle these cases. But let me know when youre free, so I can get that tour. 
Arrogant much? Then again, he was a lawyer which, in Leahs book, just added to his egotistic character. 
Pulling back, she snuck a glimpse at the mouth responsible for sending her into a spin before reminding herself how self-centered he was. Her sister, Dani, and she had always said that a guys lips and eyes had the same effect on women that boobs and behinds had on guys.
Leah cleared her throat, attempting to appear unaffected by his proximity. I was planning on coming back here tomorrow to make sure everything is in order after the cleaning crew takes the tents, tables, and chairs.  Afterward, I have some time.
What time is that? Stefen cocked his eyebrow.
 Abby has them scheduled to show up at ten, so I'll be here by then. She glanced around at everything in the yard, dreading how long it would take them to finish in the morning while she waited.
He grinned. Not soon enough, I dont know if I can wait that long to have you all to myself. He was trying to make her melt, and damn if it wasn't working. His statement made her pulse race, and she cursed herself for the way her body reacted. 
Taking a deep breath to regain control, she asked, Are you still staying here?  
Of course. A pompous attitude rolled off him like she should know better than to ask such an absurd question. But the one-eighty in his demeanor was just what she needed to cool her attraction to him. 
Jackass. 
She raised her chin, keeping her wits and her polite manner. Im just keeping a promise. I can bring breakfast if you like.  Placing her hands on his chest to put some space between them once more, she felt his chest muscles constrict under the soft material of his tailor-made suit. 
Ill take anything youre willing to give me, Leah. He winked. 
Leahs tanned face turned crimson, partly from annoyance at his boldness, but mainly from the heat that coursed through her. 
Give him? What did he expect me to give him? 
She panted a little, hating that he noticed.  
Smirking, he looked toward her family members.  Whos the woman standing by your sister? Relative of yours?
Leah glanced over to see her cousin pointing at her and checking Stefen out. Oh yeah, thats my cousin.  Leahs female family members were constantly trying to embarrass her.  Then again, she had no right to complain because she did the same to them.
A broad grin broke out on his face before drawing her body even closer.  So shes trying to figure out who the hot guy is that looks like he wants to ravage her little cousin, huh? 
Hot?  Did he just call himself hot?  And ravage me?  What. The. Hell?  
If she hadn't shown her uneasiness before, she wasnt able to conceal it now.  And there was that damn smirk again.  He knew he was getting to her.  
Why don't we give them something more to talk about? His lips were suddenly an inch from hers as he dipped her backward.
Whwhat? she stammered breathlessly, her heart pounding in her throat.
Relax...I'm kidding, Leah. Youre easy to mess with. I'm going to have fun with you. He waggled his eyebrows as he lifted her onto her quivering legs.
She tried to gain some control. Smiling, she shot back, Mr. Hunter, you sure are a tease, aren't you? I'm going to have to keep my distance. Then she turned in an attempt to walk away.  
But Stefen caught her hand, possessively wrapping his arms around her lower back as he growled, Oh, no you don't. I've been told that I'm irresistible, and I dont tease. Youre welcome to any part of me that you can handle. 
They were eye to eye, and she was unable to control her heavy breathing when he unexpectedly released her. She couldnt tell why at first, until she saw Caleb was standing next to them with his arm around Stefen, practically digging his fingers into his cousin's shoulder as he squeezed.    
Enjoying the reception? Caleb glared at Stefen, then smiled at Leah in an attempt to hide his gritted teeth. 
Leah shifted uncomfortably, wondering what his problem was. Caleb was normally such a nice guy.  Shed never seen him like this before. Uh, yeah.  It's a great party. 
Stefen no longer looked so arrogant. With Caleb still gripping his shoulder, he was retreating like a misbehaving little boy who got caught doing something he wasnt supposed to.
Leah, Caleb said through his teeth, do you mind if I talk to Stefen for a minute? 
She nodded, not having the guts to ask what was going on. She would hate to be Stefen right now.  Sure, no problem. Stepping back, Leah rushed back to join her relatives.
Dani stood next to their table, pursing her lips. Grabbing Leahs hands, she pulled her forward, sighing, Hermana, Stefen is one fine ass man. She picked up a napkin to fan herself. And he sure can move on the dance floor.  
Youre right, he is an ass, Leah said sarcastically, irritated with his cocky attitude, even though her body was still on fire from his touch. Never gonna happen. Though she wasnt sure if she said it for her sisters benefit or her own. 
Dani bumped Leahs hip with her own curvy behind. Never say never, baby sister. 



Stefen, I thought I told you that she was off limits, Caleb snarled before releasing his vice grip.
 Shit, that hurt. Stefen rubbed his shoulder. It would be bruised by tomorrow, for sure. I didn't do anything. We were just dancing. 
 Stefen frowned when he remembered. Back at the engagement party, Caleb had issued a warning. It still cut deep. It hurt that his cousin didnt think he was worthy of Leah. 
Why the hell does Caleb feel like he has the right to decide who Leah can and cant hang out with? Were not in seventh grade anymore.
 I saw how you were dancing with her. Caleb lifted his arm and gestured to the crowd. There are a crapload of women at this reception that are more your style. Why her? He stood close to Stefen with his arms firmly across his chest. They hadn't fought in a long time, but Stefen wasnt about to back down.
 I don't know, Stefen argued. Theres just something about her I cant shake. He looked down, not believing the words that just came out of his mouth. Why is she so special to you anyway? She's just another girl. Although, the constant images of her that ran through his mind ever since they first met contradicted his words. 
Her long thick black hair, lengthy, full lashes, chocolate brown, almond shaped innocent eyes, and soft tanned skin assaulted him nonstop. What baffled him the most was that her kind-hearted nature had gotten under his skin. The love she freely gave out to the people around her intrigued him.
 Caleb broke through his thoughts. Youve obviously figured out that she isnt just another girl. Otherwise, youd stay away from her. 
Stefen rolled his eyes. 
Caleb threw his hands in the air, clearly exasperated. I'm not kidding, Stefen. I care about her. Leahs like a sister to me, and shes an important member of my family now. Im asking you to please stay away from her.
 Stefen stepped back, trying to grasp what Caleb was saying. A sharp pain shot across his chest, knowing that one of the closest family members he hadother than his sister, Brihad moved on in life. Now Caleb seemed more concerned about a girl hed only known a short while, rather than helping Stefen get what he wanted. 
What is your problem, Caleb? You used to be an even bigger player than me. I learned everything I know from you, remember? Furious, Stefen stood his ground, fighting the need to pace back and forth. How the hell can you stand there and judge me? Just because youre living in fantasyland doesnt mean that the rest of us want to. How do you even know what Leah wants, huh? Maybe shes looking for something uncomplicated, too. Either way, its none of your damn business. 
Calebs face softened as he placed his hand on Stefens shoulder, but Stefen instantly shrugged it off. Stefen, you know how shitty I feel about everything Ive done in my past. Im sorry you learned all of those things from me, but Ive changed and you know thats what I want for you, too. You and Leah would probably make a fantastic couple, if you were the kind of guy that stuck around. I know youre just looking for a piece of ass for now, though, and shes not the girl for that.   Shes a permanent part of Abbys life, which means shes in my life. Im asking you to please leave her alone. If you dont, then youre proving that you couldnt care less about my position here. Caleb let out an aggravated sigh. Listen man, shes my wifes best friend and you just don't screw with that. I know shes going to show you around, but I'm begging you to leave it at that. The concern that covered Calebs face stung even deeper. 
 Whatever. Stefen shook his head as he exhaled an exasperated breath.
 I'm going to find Abby. Were leaving in a few minutes. Caleb turned his back and walked away.
Stefens sister, Bri, timidly approached with a drink in her hand. What was that about?
Hoping it was something strong, he gestured toward the glass, silently asking for permission to take a sip.  Bri handed it over. 
Our overbearing cousin thought he should warn me to keep my distance from Abbys precious friend, again.  He couldnt even hide the fact that he was upset as he gulped down the liquid.  Dammit, its soda. 
Shaking her head, she ran her slender fingers through her dark hair to move it out of her face. Bri then spoke softly, placing a delicate hand on his back.  Stefen, Ive spent the whole week with Leah.  Im sorry, but I agree with Caleb.  Shes a great girl and doesnt deserve heartbreak from you.  Please be gentle with her.  For me.  
This approach pulled at his heartstrings.  Hed do anything for his little sister.
 I will.  For you.  Moving in closer, Stefen kissed her cheek.  Needing a change of subject, he asked, So what time are you and Leahs sister leaving for San Francisco?   The women had just met last weekend but spent the entire week together, helping to prepare for the wedding. His sister didnt have a lot of good friends so he was happy shed clicked with Leahs sister and they planned this little getaway.
 Bri was the female carbon copy of Stefen.  They both shared the same hazel eyes, slender nose and full, defined lips.  Although she was two years younger than him, people always mistook them for twins. Well head out about a half-hour after the bride and groom drive off into the moonlight. She sighed dreamily. Danis car is already packed and ready to go. Bri grinned up at him, her excitement obvious. She loved to travel. 
I really wish youd wait until the morning.  He worried about her, far more than any brother should have to.  It had been this way their entire lives since their parents decided to treat them like they didnt exist. He nodded toward Abby and Leah hugging. Looks like the time has come.  
Bri kissed him on the cheek, then darted toward the women. Joining the mob in the driveway, Stefen watched Caleb kiss his wife and lead her into the limo.  Hed sensed the nervous excitement the pair gave off all evening and still couldnt believe Caleb and Abby hadnt had sex yet.  That was just insane.  
Who waits until they get married to have sex nowadays? 
The jealousy that shot through his body surprised him.  Caleb was one lucky bastard to find and marry such a beautiful girl.  Not that Stefen was envious of the whole till death do you part element, but he did find himself curious about the contentment his cousin had found. 
Caleb glanced at him, waved, then shot a pleading look that spoke volumes.  Irritation weaved through Stefen once again. He clenched and unclenched his hands to relieve the ache, digging his short nails into his palms to keep from using his fists on Caleb instead. Does he really think Im not good enough for Abby's prized friend?  
Fuming, he headed back to the reception as the limo pulled away.  A few minutes later, he looked at his watch and realized that there was still another hour to go.  He contemplated heading inside the house when he noticed Leah and her sister staring at him.  
Leah made eye contact, shaking her head no in response to something her sister said.  
Thinking on the fly, he had an idea he hoped would earn him some brownie points with Leah. With a forced humble smile, he walked up to Leahs sister and held out his hand. May I have this dance? 
He was pretty sure this girl wasnt used to good-looking guys asking her to dance.  Like Leah, she had brown eyes, a beautiful face and full hips, but she could stand to lose a couple of pounds.  
The voluptuous woman looked up, surprised. She threw a glance at Leah, whose mouth was wide open. Not quite the reaction he expected, but he'd work with it.
Um...sure? she replied, uncertain. Bri and I are leaving in a bit, but I have time for one quick dance. She was still looking at Leah as Stefen led her to the dance floor.  
For permission? 
Did that mean Leah felt she had some claim to him? The thought intrigued him. And surely Leah would think he was a nice guy now. But when he glanced back, she was glaring at him. 
What the? Theres no way Leah thinks Im actually attracted to her sister.  I cant even remember her damn name. 
Now that he had her on the dance floor, he was regretting this shitty decision. Holding Dani wasnt nearly as fun as holding Leah.
His scheme had backfired, and he sighed inwardly. As soon as the song ended, he respectfully thanked her and went on his way. Calling it a night, he walked over to Leah and announced, I'm turning in now. I'll see you tomorrow morning?
She wouldnt look him in the eye. Was she avoiding him? Yeah, see you then. The sour expression never left her face.  
Pleased, he thought, well, at least I have some kind of effect on her.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
CLICK HERE to download, An Exceptional Twist

Other books in this series:




Although I wrote this book, I cannot take full credit. It literally takes an entire team of people to get a novel ready for publication. I pray I dont forget anyone because Im grateful to every single person that took the time to help me fulfill my dream.
I honestly do not know how this book wouldve ever been finished without the help of my beautiful critique partner in crime and friend, Jessica Louise. This girl spent hour upon hour upon hour combing through my entire manuscript while she was writing her own. Many words in this book are in fact from her. I couldnt imagine taking this journey without her and our friendship is one that I treasure every day.
I dont even know how to express my thanks to Melanie Dawn. She blew my mind several times with suggestions she had to add that extra special something. She also has found a secret weapon to keep me on the phone for hours when Im not normally a phone talker. I cherish those conversations and our friendship dearly.
This acknowledgement is added to the original list because I couldnt have gotten this 3rd edition prepared without my AMAZING critique partner and friend, Tbird London.  I thought since this book was the reason why we met, it was only fitting that you are added to the acknowledgments.  Thank you from the bottom of my heart for all that you do for me <3 <3 <3
A special thanks to my fellow Indie Chixx Erika Ashby, Nichele Reece, JL Brooks, Beverley Hollowed, Jaime Guerard, Tania Penn, Nacole Stayton, Kelsie Leverich, Rebecca Shea, Lisa Harley, Ana Zaun, Elaine Breson, & especially Megan Hand (who also reedited the 3rd edition of this book and the only one I trust to edit all of my other books.  LOVE you Megan!!!). Many happy moments and not so joyful were shared during our writing journeys. All you chixx know how much I adore you, and Im thankful for everything weve experienced together this past year.
There are several writer gals that have also walked with me at different points, whether through word wars/sprinting, words of encouragement, advice, jokes, phone conversations, talking me out of throwing it all away, selflessly promoting me and offering good ole friendship. There is no way I can add everyone on here, though. That would be a whole other novel but I must name these ladies: Anne Leigh (Portos, here we come!), Mel Ballew (serious LUFF for ya girl and your poetic words!) Audrey Harte (Best hugger ever!), Kimberly Knight, Amanda Stone, Lynetta Halat, Bethany Lopez, Kimberly Russell, Kate Mathias, Melanie Stinnett, Mary Wasowski, MR Joseph, Samantha Fontien, Antoinette Candela, Heather Gunter and Alison Bailey.
Thanks to my beta chicas, my story actually made sense (or senses, as Madison would say). Im honored that you spent so much of your own free time reading and critiquing my work. Julie B. Deaton, Mindy Stickels, Danielle Plane, Teri Beth Page and, although I LOVE all of my chicas equally, I have to give a shout out to Debi Barnes, Elle Wilson & Stephanie Mulford for the HOURS and HOURS of conversations as they helped me work things out before presenting them to the rest of my awesome girls. 
I must mention the established authors that took time to personally answer every one of my questions when I was trying to figure my way through this new writers world. There was never a time they didnt help me when I asked. These talented ladies are so giving, and I truly adore them all (as well as their work). Nyrae Dawn, Amy Bartol, Katie Ashley, Georgia Cates, Jolene Perry, Anne Eliot, Amy Gregory, Allie Brennan, Chelsea Fine, and Steph Campbell.  Thank you from the bottom of my heart ladies!
I cant conclude these acknowledgments without thanking my fellow Dreamers. The time we spent as teenagers making up stories and sharing are among my favorite childhood memories. I wasnt confident enough at the time to share too many of my own, but you inspired me to keep dreaming until I did decide to finally sharewith the world. Sylvia Oliande and Stephanie Sesanto I will forever hold you and our time together close to my heart.
Thank you Dawn Malone of Dawn Malone Photography for not only being the best sister-friend a girl could have, but also arranging the models for the cover, bringing the original image from my mind onto your camera screen and ultimately creating a beautiful cover photo.
A BIG thanks to the cover models, real-life couple, Aaron & Edenrose. You guys did a fantastic job enduring all of the bugs and heat that day to help create this beautiful cover. 
Im extremely grateful to Kari Ayasha of Cover to Cover Designs for having the endurance to deal with my pickiness.  I LOVE the cover and cant thank you enough for all of the time you put into it.  
To all of the special ladies in my life that have contributed in so many ways to support my dream of publishing my first novel. I love all of you and couldnt have done what I did without you. My niece Alyssa, Tat, mom Becky, sister Janel, BFF Dawn, Holly, Nikki, Christina, Christy, Lil, and Maria. Without your encouragement, I dont think I would have continued. Thank you.
A special shout out to my niece Madison Anne for inspiring all of Madison Hunters sweetness and silly words. <3
Finally, I cannot finish without mentioning my godmother, Anne.  She was always supportive of my dreams and made me believe I could do anything I set my mind out to do.  She encouraged my imagination and wrote a dedication in every single book shed ever given me.  
Anne,
Its my turn to dedicate a book to you.
~Kimberly George





Kimi grew up in the San Gabriel Valley (mostly Alhambra) and still lives in Southern California.  Shes been married to her high-school sweetheart and prom date for 21 years and they have two hilarious boys.  
When shes not reading or writing, Kimi spends her time in the kitchen trying to come up with vegan meals that dont taste like cardboard.  Her family might disagree with this however.  
Although she doesnt loyally follow or have favorite teams/athletes, Kimi loves a good hockey game or motorcross/x-treme sports event.
Volunteering is extremely important to her and she and her family work with several local non-profit organizations. A portion of her sales will always go to charity.

You can find Kimi here 

http://www.novel-dreams.com/
Amazon
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest      
Instagram
authorkimiflores@gmail.com



Tears in Heaven ~ Eric Clapton

Falling in Love in a Coffee House ~ Landon Pigg

Never Say Never ~ The Fray

Run away with me ~ Nora Jones

Make You Feel My Love ~ Adele

Misery ~ Maroon 5

She is Love ~ Parachute

Fallin for You ~ Colbie Caillat

You Got Me ~ Colbie Caillat

I Do ~ Colbie Caillat

Arms ~ Christina Perri

Bless the Broken Road ~ Rascal Flatts

You and Me against the World ~ Helen Reddy


