Whoa! Alien Princess
by ipam

Smashwords Edition Copyright 2013 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Prologue. I sit, numbingly in my assigned seat and blind, purposefully with my eyelashes closed not moving, not thinking, and not praying since I feel that Im alive and thankful for the survival.
I un-belt the cockpit seats restraints, opening my eyelashes and popping off my space suit helmet then I leap, kitten-like from the chair seeing half of a pilots chair but Im fully intact along with my long wavy gray hair as I lean my freckles into the console instrument panel, studying the rough terrain. I sigh with surprise.
I see mountains on the left and a series of dead but slightly alive green trees, bushes, and foliage on the right with a dry crooked narrow vehicle path in the middle of a dead brown planet as my Tele sense ping. Everything is fine.
I gallop my body outside the space shuttle archway then leap, T-rex to the ground and point my body at the hidden object and whisper into my eardrums. A structure thats thirteen miles northeast of my position.
I lovingly scan a bright yellow sun, a pretty baby blue sky then eye burn the smooth brown soil and blink my wet tears and recall vividly meeting a set of new people, places, planets, and palaces having traveled both space and timeherethree times.
Im back.as the alien. I talk and shake my gray bangs into my eyelashes.
Day 71. Bonita. Warehouse. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 74F. afternoon. I slowly trot on booted feet to the smashed and burned front entrance wooden door, neck snapping my curls at the surrounding grounds consisting of many scorched black and green grasslettes, lots of burnt green and black trees, plenty of dead black bushes and missing open black burned room walls of the numerous damaged building structures as I touch the smooth brass door knob then I see vividly and hear musically inside my active mind as my T-powers ignite.
I am Starra Starbuck, petites at five feet and one inch, weighs 95 pounds and 1 ounces with long waist-length silver wavy hair against a triangle face with a pair of small gray eyes. And a pointy nose and two set of high cheekbones around a cliff chin, surrounding beautiful golden tawny skin tone, decorating with dark brown freckles of a seventeen year old Farm Administrator from Planet Earth. I have been drafted by force from the United Earth Governmental official, Peter Martin into a once in a life-time intergalactic outer space trip to a new planet in a new galaxy, using my Tele powers of Telepathy, Telekinesis, Telemetabolics, and Teleclairvoyance. I have some dang way survived.
Time warped alien line #1, I am Lady Starra.
Time warped alien line #2, I am Commander Starra.
Time warped alien line #3, I am Alien Starra.
I release the door quickly and swiftly back step my boots from the door staring studiously at the door knob then my hand then the door knob then I neck snap my curls and view the surrounding dead plants and messed up buildings as I end that wicked daydream realizing that this is time warped alien line number #3 as I giggle with a girly twang and enter the large room.
I stomp a left foot then a right foot through the damaged door and T-scan with both Telepathy and Teleclairvoyance, concluding safely the structure which used to be my Tele Base is very empty without any physical bodies or haunting ghosts as I locate the electricity box. I slam open the metal door, and T-slap with Telekinesis, flipping the mechanic switches to on without the use of my hands and see the building lit up like a holiday Christmas tree as I giggle and grin stupidly. I sigh with happiness.
I trek back in my black boots, eye burning the clean and not broken window, staring studiously at the slightly sprouting green trees which represents a touch of new growth of green bushes along with the pretty colorful birds flying back and forth chasing bugs. Then, I flash back mentally in the second time line when I was kidnapped as the future queen-to-be-bride of King Bartholomew by Lord Dirk then almost burned alive by Viscountess Rita and saved by Prince Rann creating the mess that destructed all the earth plants and man-made buildings.
I swing my body towards the small kitchenette then suddenly stop and body spin my face at the new set of stairs which was built in the second time by Rann and shake my curls side to side. I pirouette my body back towards the small kitchenette and suddenly stop then body spin my freckles again at the new set of stairs, tossing my arms in the air and declare for the hiding ghosts. Finego look and see. I tromp my boot toes up the ten flights of stairs into the Penthouse wing of the building which was built by Rann, sliding into the first bed room on the right side of the hallway and suddenly stop, staring studiously at the four walls and feeling very comfortably here. Then, I flash back mentally in the second time line when this was my old room at my old Tele Base as old Commander Starra.
My silver eyeballs that match my silver hair roots catch a slight blurry movement inside the partial open closet while I slowly prance like a pony and wildly investigate with kitty-cat curiosity upon finding a familiar hanging item on a single rack that holds a formal floor-length sheath gray gown with a sparkling diamond tiara, two bracelets, two earrings, and a necklace draped decorating cute-like the single hanger as I giggle with a girly twang. Theres a pair of cowgirls boots that color black and pink upon the carpet as I swiftly pull the boots into the air and note from the boot toes to the middle of the arch is colored in a hot pink tinted-colored of animal snake while the rest of the boot along with the legs inlays are made of black python snake skin while I lay the items upon the soft white bedspread. I sigh with beauty.
I pee in the toilet and bath my dirty body inside the stall shower feeling cleanly refreshed after I have washed and dried my black jumpsuit without the greasy oil stain then I parade in front of the floor-length mirror in my birthday suit and swish the formal gown around the air wave then wrap it over my body. Making me look like the elegant Lady Starra of olden days in the first time line, I twirl to the right then to the left then to the right then to the left in a set of half-circles while I dizzy in my curls then two-step right to right near the bed frame, stomping my bare right feet upon a smooth object and curse my favored word that I remember but dont know what it translates into but I get a really good idea. Stang! I eye burn a mini-bot.
I stuffnawsteal.the gown, the tiara and the rest of the diamond jewelry that matches my silver eyeballs and silver hair into my small black bag with my smaller possessions of personal items but wear the dull black jumpsuit since Im look stupid walking around in a formal gown in black cowgirls boots as I giggle with a silly twang. I plop the mini-bot on the bed, sitting cross-legged and poke fun at the black buttons, reading lots of new stuff. I sigh with gossipness.
Planets Bio and Uni are.foreverly(thats forever but formal).radiated wastelands of space dust while Planet Resort is a part-asteroid which is incapable of sustaining.too much life other then the earth wildlife and sea animals. I sigh with prayer.
Rann my dearest friend and bestest boyfriend. (in second time line)is still all of the above in the current time being the leader, the president, and the king of universe but likes to be called Prince Rann. I smile with a toothy grin and note swiftly theres not any recent marriage news which means that I would like to call Rann my new future husband. I sigh with true love.
General Ira drills numerous soldiers on one single orbit rotating Militia space station at Tech World near the Wall holding a lot more power this time around while caring dutifully for the huge mass of citizens instead of the privileged nobles, guiding the land police officers, noble honor guards, and space pilots. I twist my lips, ugly recalling that Ira isnt really a friend to me but a fair person.sometimes. I sigh with caution.
Marquis Tok educates kiddies on rotating Uni space station near Planet Agri since the doomed Planet Uni is radiated from an array of deadly red maser bombs for next 10,000 years as I snort like a wild boar that Tok has always be a neutral friend to me. I sigh with okay.
Agri maintains its business of cotton, corn, and cows working with Abots and Business Associates which is bossed by Ambassador Ty since Rann got promoted to President of the Nation as I smirk with a set of crooked lips, right remembering that Ty likes me for me. I sigh with friendship.
Sahara or the Prison Planet is off-limits except for its occupants that consists of a variety of groups including drunkards, thieves, burglars, and other unruly minor invaders like cockroaches along with the hard core baddie criminals who enjoy numerous recreational rooms beside the many jail cells during their stay of imprisonment from one day of jail time or rest of their natural born lives. In the new time line Dirk is alive and well as I ponder why and cant answer that serious question. And, Lord Dirk owns, operates, and services Planet Sahara while finally getting the title, the currs, and the criminal power as I snarl like an alligator. So, Dirk rules both prisoners on Sahara and heals sick peoples on the rotating third space station of Bio which makes for two duties and one dumb-hole as I giggle with a girly twang. I sigh with enemyness #1.
Tech World re-builds the universe with one bot at a time which is maintained a bunch of metal parts of bots and managed by one botI mean Viscountess Rita as I growl like a baby grizzle bear. I sigh with enemyness #2.
I flash back mentally in the second time line when Emperor Dirk and Empress Rita escaped from Sahara and plunged into the wormhole since I witnessed the event. I flash present mentally that they are here both alive and breathing so they didnt enter the wormhole and rule as noble and noblette while I amwhat exactly. I sigh with wonderment.
I eye burn the pretty ring of wormhole from my old bed chamber on the east side of planet, having my own doubts about surviving the one way trip back to Planet Earth as I wrinkle my forehead, ugly then return my eyeballs to the datum I missed after I magically poofed out of the galaxy and again magically created a three space continuum. I sign with absence.
I scan with eyeballs and absorb with thoughts the fully flowing words and sentences that doesnt seem to mention my valiant efforts in the War as the comlen displays all the dead citizens including the past dead nobles and noblettes of Bartholomew, Ivy, Zak, Rex, Rosa, Roy, and Dov and others who gallantly died in the Battle of Commerce, the Battle of Resort, and the Battle of Sahara. But, I do not see my name mentioned anywhere as I conclude that Im the alien and Im not supposed to be here. I sigh with dummy-ness.
Planet Bonita is strictly off-limits and restricted from wondering space travelers, all unauthorized personnel and every citizen of the universe including the snot-hole nobles and noblettes but.not one alien as I giggle with a girly twang while I see a set of whitish-yellow twin beams that annoy my beautiful eyeballs during my reading time. I gather that a ship approaches swiftly, pairing the roar and rumble of engine noise as my bedroom window illuminates a shadow of me in the lighted room. I present duck lips, ugly, covering my forehead with my cupped hand and narrowing my eyelashes to the blinding light, concluding that I have powered the old generator inside the damaged building which shows the overhead lights from the kitchenette to the bathroom lavatory inside the second floor along with the working air conditioner unit cooling my hot body which work within operating parameters of the equipment. I sigh with operational-ness.
Then, I conclude with an upset tummy as I slap painfully my right hand into my forehead that I am a single white neon light beaming into the overhead black sky of Planet Bonita since I just read that information on the mini-bot that Planet is strictly off-limits. I sigh with distress. 
Everything aint fine. I scream then jump, kitten-like from the bed, stealing the beautiful perfect fitting pair of cowgirl boots in my right hand and stuffing the mini-bot into the small bag with my left hand, dashing like a jack rabbit out the bedroom archway then stop and listen with my big Tele-eardrums using T-power of Telepathy.
I whisper. They come! I see the side door and run towards the wood, slamming the door open, stomping down the cold concrete on my naked toe bones at least in sheath mode as I avoid with great care and hopefully invisible powers that I dont possess the cops from of Iras new Police Force. They park the ship and un-load their bodies carrying maser rifles tromping boots upon the brown soil, and activating their search lights for the single space invader(thats me). I sigh with alertness.
I T-trace their steps plowing a trail of dirt tornados and enter through the burnt archway then I soar like a birdie down six flights of steps and suddenly stop at the L shaped hallway, T-view and see the zipper inside the Shop and Maintenance floor which houses repaired bots and ships. I sigh with design.
I fling the door open, slapping with my left five finger pads the activation panel for scooting rooftops panel open for my swift vertical liftoff, popping the zipper hatch with my right hand, seeing a silver cylinder that measures two feet high and two feet wide that suddenly activates with a set of red and green lights on its belly. It drones inside the pilots seat to me. Hello and good greetings, my friend. I am Zbot. Have you seen my owner? My owner instructed me to stay here until she returns
I smart-hole. What? I wave my both arms and hands along with my bag up and down like a bird and sing in piccolo music. Fly. I motion my hands like a bird and order. Can you fly this thing?
Zbot doesnt blink or moan or yell but drones to me. I am the programmed zipper robot for this zipper ship. I am highly qualified to fly any type of outer space, surface ground, and sea port vessel. I dont waste time or courage and tromp around to the passenger side, hopping in and.
I order still motion with my body parts and my tight vocal cords. Fly. Go. Jump to light speed. Now would be a good time! I sigh with fear.
Zbot turns its China plate head towards the window view and drones. Are you my new owner? I bob my curls up and down several times, wrapping the webbing around my body and.
I sing in piccolo music. Yes. Yes. I breathe heavy with both fear and fright and command. Im your new owner. Now, fly. Go. Jump to light speed.this moment. I wave all my body parts of arms, finger pads, legs, feet, and toenails, eye gleaming the open archway for the entrance any moment of my new enemies searching for me as the space invader. I sigh with hurry.
Zbot warms the engines with its three metal limbs and drones. Where do you wish the zipper to travel after it reaches light speed? I eye burn the archway and.
I sing in flute music. Commerce, head to Commerce
As you wish, Milady. Zbot drones and then presses some buttons, launching us swiftly from the building through the rooftop and into outer space as I swiftly grab the door handle for dear life with my right hand to keep from rolling side to side then my lips with my left hand to keep from vomiting on roller coastal ride. I sigh with sea sickness.
Commerce. Dirks castle. landing dock. dark blue sky. white clouds. full moon. 66F. evening. Lady RosaI mean Lord Dirk since Rosa died in the first time line then briefly returned to me in the second time and isnt aliveat all in the third time while I conclude mentally once gone, always dead as I also note that Dirks castle darks and empties against the pretty silver moon lit sky. I sigh with disappointment.
I flash back mentally in the second time when I illuminated the castle with T-power of bright lights of my awesome Tele abilities as the reigning noblette of castle that I inherited from Lady Rosa. I flash present day that Dirk owns this castle since hes the only living Bonitian in existence and doesnt know about me and probably wont speak to me since were only an killing terms. I sigh with doom.
I need some currs, a shelter, and a few bites of food as my stomach grumbles with agreement while I rummage inside my bag, seeing the diamond jewelry from the second time line as gifts from Rann during King Bartholomews Coronation. I sigh with true love.
Cobblestone street. The entire city streets of Commerce lights with noises of engines and crowds of feet consisting of thousands of citizens, hundreds of neon signs, zooms of many air ships, buzzes of lots of air bikes along with annoying blaring of loud music as I watch the dancing people, drunken citizens, family units, and a live musical and stage show perform along elegantly yellow cobblestone streets. I sigh with confusion.
Zbot parks the zipper in front of a line of smaller vendor shops then hovers in my face and drones. Where do you wish to travel next, milady? I rub my palms into my dirty face and.
I request softly along with a yawn of a tough day at work. I require sleeping quarters for the night, Zbot? Zbot direct points its right metal limb at the castle and.
Zbot drones. The entrance to the Inn which is a suitable place of rest and sleep is located on this side of the Royal campus. I eye burn the Inn noting that a new structure that reaches almost to the skyline with 100 floors each with a private landing pad and hopefully a big gigantic bed and.
I inquire with kitty-cat curiosity. How many currs are required for a room a nightask about a couple of days? Zbot runs a set of pink and purple lights within its belly in silence mode as it contacts Ibot or Inn robot then updates me and.
I spit, hotly. One thousand currsfor one nightto sleepin one bed. I nosily expire my air molecules then swiftly breathe and add. Geez. I dont have kind of loot on me.
Zbot drones in my face. Your statement does not compute, please re-phase, milady. I eye burn the seams around the machine and.
I beg without embarrassment. Do you possess currs in your metal tummy, Zbot?
Zbot drones. Your statement does not compute, please re-phase. I neck snap at the zipper noting theres plenty of room inside the small cockpit for a petite alien and.
I whine like I stepped my right cowgirl boot in horse shit which I think I did since I cant really identify the muck upon the sidewalk near the zipper. Guesswe get to sleep together.
Zbot drones. Your statement does not computer, milady. I lean into the zipper and ramble my hands among the smooth diamonds and present the tiara and.
I order. Try to acquire currs for this item.
Zbot lights up excitedly with a set of orange and blue rays at the tiara and drones. This piece of metal is a very expensive diamond I jerk my index finger to its belly and.
I sing in my oboe music. Shh! I rotate neck muscles around the streets and.
Zbot drones. The asset should provide you a very nice room for the night at the Inn, milady. I nod my curls, once in silence and hope that Zbots jewelry appraisal is corrects because if not bot and I will be wrapped tightly like a butterfly cocoon inside the zipper for the evening as I snigger like a sly weasel while Zbot retrieves the tiara and places inside its hidden panel on the side of its cylinder-shaped body and advances into the vendor shop. I lean against the old zipper model, noting the shiny attractive newer air ships and flying bikes venturing up and down the familiar yellow cobblestone street. I sigh with history.
The two land police officers wear a set of neatly pressed and ironed blue uniforms that each ties with a thick yellow sash along with a chest full of numerous colorful pins and medals on their right shoulder, surveying the watchful street, their surroundings of shops and me as I quickly turn into the zipper adjusting the door handle, looking busy and. 
Old ship. A visible body voices in his tenor saxophone as I body spin to the young officer then he touches the hood and adds. Saw one during the War. Looks antique! This yours? the young police officer inquires with tomcat curiosity as I nod my curls, once in silence and he continues. Ya know, the weapon design, and the seat design which includes the console instrumentation is unique in this styled old-timey thing. Guess ya inherited this babe, right? I nod my curls, once in silence. I sigh with nervousness.
I T-probe with Telepathy attempting to zap their minds to leave me alone then stop, since Im too tired and might mess up and give them the wrong Tele-message then get jailed instead as I soldierly stand and listen.
Lucky girl... the young police officer smiles at me patting the zipper like hes in love while the older police officer grunts like a dying dog, first then invades my freckles, second and
He orders, third. Move along with the traffic flow! I smile and show teeth and.
My bots gettingme, saying brilliantly, .reservations for dinner. I cheat and T-pick with Telepathy his brain cells for the proper words. I sigh with save.
The young officer chuckles and body spins at the structure and finger points. Reservations, good luck! The entire streets packed with familiesnow. But, the Bars always open. Foods good. I slowly move my curls towards the pointing finger and nod my curls, once in silence as the police officers veer down the street to pester another solo citizen. I sigh with relief.
Zbot returns with a red cloth bag, rattling with clanks of hidden golden triangle currs that my big Tele-eardrums hear and drones. Milady, I count 3,001 currs for diamond I advance at Zbot, grabbing the red cloth and.
I sing in my oboe music. Shh! I rotate neck muscles around the open street along the dark corners of Commerces new property, peoples and personalities of the night and not the not very friendly or not very accommodating type to strangers.or one alien. I compliment, opening the hatch and slide into the leather seat. Thanks, Zbot. Im really tired. Please, get me room at Inn.
The rooms are 50 windows across which holds a private landing pad for convenience, fastness, and easy entry and access for the good or bad guest as I giggle with a girly twang while my eyeballs view the beautiful scenery of flower gardens around the castle all compliments of Ranns brilliant creation as Zbot hovers the zipper and deftly lands onto the pad as I step into my glorious new home for a few days tossing my bag onto the floor, plopping onto the comfy soft single bed. I sigh with luxury.
I mentally ponder inside my mind that I am a commoner not a noble since a commoner doesnt have their own planet, ships, castles, currs or independent functions. Then, I flash back mentally in the first time when I had inherited Lady Rosas planet, home and her small currs account after her death. In second time line, Bartholomew provided for me as his future queen-to-be and Rann had fitted the Tele Base with furniture and food. I flash present day today with no known noble connection.
I have noted that no one citizen remembers me from the two previous time lines and no one citizen is going to help me since Im a simple poor but pretty unemployed commoner as I snort like a wild boar because currs rule everything inside the new galaxy from food, shelter, clothes, robots, ships, and jobs while Zbot searches the database for my first job. I sigh with poorness.
I curl up into a kitten-ball on the smooth silk purple-colored sheets and fall fast asleep. I sigh with dreamness.
Day 72. Inn. property of Rann. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 67F. morning. Good morning, Starra. Zbot drones and pokes my left forearm with a gently metal touch.
What?! I smart-hole, blinking my eyelashes once, twice then thrice from a single ray of bright sunlight bombarding my eyeballs and brain cells, closing back my eyelashes from blindness, and falling back into the warm and cozy sheets.
Good morning, Starra. Zbot drones. Starra, you do not seem to be in a joyous mood this lovely day. I hope this information makes you feel better, milady. I have obtained you a position for employment in the universe.
I flip my body upright facing the robot smacking my eyelashes against my eyebrows and grin with a toothy smile, hoping theres food at my place of employment and staccato. When? Can? I? Start?
You can start your employment after you have scored a high percentage on the required examination? Zbot drones and rotates tiny empty teacupsits eyeballsat me as I twist my lips, ugly and Zbot drones. Starra, I cannot locate your citizenship in the current comlens. There are no birth records, no medical records, no educational records, and no residential records under your name Starra. I am at a mystery to understand why you do not exist in the universe. How could this be? I swallow thick mouth saliva down my tight throat that slo mo travels to my empty growling stomach, staring my eyeballs at the silver empty teacups while I think. Think fast. Think fastest.
Okay. I dont exist in unknown universe and have been discovered by a zipper robot named Zbot then I hum musically, biting my lower lip without pain. I
Zbot drones. Please re-phase your answer, Starra. I do not understand your musical song.
I sing in my flute music. Bonita.
Zbot does not give up. Bonita, what?
I lie honestly and smile brightly while batting my sleepy crumb covered eyelashes for something. I am from Bonita.
Zbot drones. You are from the planet of Bonita. This would explain the missing data from the numerous inquires that resulted in no information from the primary bot station. Bonitians are not very adept at keeping accurate records. I do not believe Lady Rosa the first noble Bonita kept very good written, physical, or electronic records. She could tell you any fact or fiction about the planet of Bonita anytime you desired to know. Then, you must be related to Lord Dirk of Bonita. Are you his cousin or other distant relative on the family tree? Zbot drones.way too much as I grin with a goofy smile, biting my lower lip without pain and slightly nod my curls, once in silence and kinda let Zbot guess the wrong answer. Very good, you are from the planet of Bonita and kin to Lord Dirk in some type of biological factor. Therefore, no one will question your residence. Do you have skills? I sigh with annoyance.
I twist my lips, ugly and list my awesome attributes. Yeah, Is gots lots of skillssss, beside being pretty, and smart, and skilled. I can plant crops and ride horses and can pilot ships
What kind of ships can you pilot, Starra? Zbot drones.
I can pilot zippers, carriersdefinitely and then theres passengersfreightersand the great big ram(expand my hands wide). I exaggerate.way too much, giggling with a girly twang.
Are you willing to take a test to pilot zippers? Zbot drones as I bob my curls up and down in both silence and excitement. Excellent choice, Starra! I have registered you at space station Militia. Your test will be administrated this afternoon. You should fly the zipper to the space station while I monitor your skills. My services are available to you and can provide useful information that will allow passing the zipper pilot test with ease. I roll back over into bed, covering my curls with the bedspread since I can fly without any more instructions and enjoy my day off because I will be working tomorrow making currs for food and shelter. I sigh with joy.
Space Station Militia. Property of General Ira. testing station. black outer space. minus 1000F. afternoon. I smash the button to kill the engines as Zbot drones. You are the worse zipper pilot in the galaxy, Starra. You pilot the take off to, flood the hyper drive system and land without using the proper protocols as stated in the zipper control manual. In addition, you hot dog the joy stick controls and scraped the landing gear at take off and landing while hovering unstable in the fair skies over the landing platform. You also fly to fast in restricted lanes. I slam both palms on the leather console for its undivided attention at me and.
I encourage it. Stop, okay! Is gots it covered, Zbot(giggles).thanks for the brief evaluation.  I sigh with alien.
Starra, if you perform at this poor level, you will not be employed but unemployed. I will begin another search for a low-level manual job requiring the use of your hands and feet. You can stay for long periods of time without fainting, is that correct, Starra? Zbot drones, running a set of brown and green lights within its belly without waiting for my vocal comments as I shake my curls side to side getting out the hatchway for my test and watch Zbot mediate then I giggle with a girly twang and.
I mention with right hand, encouraging. Come on! Zbot doesnt move cylinder or teacups and.
Zbot drones. I am not allowed into the testing area. No robot is admitted until you are officially a pilot for the Royal Militia. Good luck, Starra! I will be here waiting for you to return after you failed performance and hopefully have another job interview this evening. I shake my curls side to side in silence and giggle with a girly twang of my alien secret as I pad towards the stairwell, stomping on my cowgirl boots down the concrete steps into the lighted building that reminds of an Earth biosphere back home on Earth.
The space station paints in bright white with an array of artificial lights hanging from the ceiling like tiny stars in outer space as I stomp dirt along the clean white tile floors while tiny Sbots clean up the mess as I giggle with a girly twang and feel both nervous and excited. I havent tested a test since Plantation School on Starbuck Plantation.long time ago in another galaxy far, far away. I follow the light crowd of young men and women who must be taking the test also as I enter the glass doors and stop short inside a long vertical line to the registration desk and wait for.1 second.10 seconds15 seconds1 minute.16 minutes.38 minutes.
I am next, smiling and nodding with nervous energy at Tbot or testing robot as it drones. State name, planet, and test.
Starra, Bonita, and zipper. I name, smiling and bouncing my cowgirl boot toes with excitement and ready for my test while Tbot looks like Zbot and Mbot and the other alphabetic coded robots with the silver cylinder-shaped body, round China plate facing your lips with two empty teacup discs for eyeballs and that colorful belly that is the central part of the bot that works most often which is right now presenting in vertical rows of red and blue then it stops and.
Tbot drones. State name, planet, and test. I smash my eyelashes upright with angry and.
I yell for its deaf eardrums. I am Starra. I am from the planet of Bonita. I am taking the zipper pilot test. I sigh with irritation.
Tbot doesnt display any flashing lights on its belly and drones. Please step aside for the next candidate. I slam my palms on the table and.
I remind. I registered for the pilot test this morning. I need this test, need this job, can pass this test, and can fly zipper at little too roughly. I sigh with outrage.
Tbot drones. I have confirmation of your registration at this hour for the pilot zipper test, however your name is not listed properly inside any of the required databases. Step aside for the next candidate, please. I smile and fold my sleeves over my jumpsuit and wiggle my manicured pink-painted index finger nail at the useless robot and.
I pretend. O! Is that my little problem? I giggle and grin requesting. Check again, please. Starra, Bonita and zipper pilot test.
Tbot powers down to a set of visual static horizontal lines of silver and white then magically re-boots with a bright array of vertical colors of green, blue, yellow and red then drones. I have registered the candidate named Starra from the planet of Bonita for the zipper pilot examination. Proceed to the testing area, next candidate, please.
I grin with a toothy smile, pirouetting gracefully, and follow the other testing pilots into the large space as I see two make-pretend zipper models without the real afterburners while I count three rows of chairs that divide the room into audience seating versus player participation inside the zipper ships. I quietly shuffle and sit in the last row inside the last chair leaning against the two intersections while listening to the nervous chats, chuckles, and sniggers of the other test candidates then the drum head rolls loudly from the silly TtotsnawTbots that hold each a musical instrument along with two drum sticks as I giggle with a girly twang.
I whisper like delicate butterflys wings. There he is Eyeballs focus at filled archway.
He stands made of a neatly pressed and ironed blue uniform with a yellow sash around his fat belly with his bald skulled glowing in a ghostly pale tint with hazel eyeballs and rosy-cheekbones of five feet and eleven inches of 325 pounds of General Ira. Ira waddles from the archway, bellowing like a Mama cow in heat in his baritone tuba as he shifts to long desk along the east wall. Welcome, test pilots! I am General Ira. You have been selected and approved by me to test for a permanent position of pilot in the Royal Militia. The Militia is divided into two units. The first unit is the land troops which are also known as a Police Force that composes a set of officers who patrol castles, planets, places, and cities along with any suspicious activities regarding any and all citizens for investigation and protection. The second unit is the sky troops that are pilots who are trained to fly zippers, carriers, passengers, freighters, and the luxury yacht star ships. Dont get too excited! Only the best and brightest pilots get to fly zippers, they are a very elite and limited group of pilots. Everyone gets to test for a zipper post but if you failmy expectations then youre assigned to one of the other space ships. The luxury yachts are the noble personal star ships. The current space yacht pilot positions are filled with older and most trusted citizens. Good luck, candidates! He claps his hands and rudely finger point at the young officer as eyeballs turn to him.
He wears a neatly pressed and ironed blue uniform with an indigo sash around his fitted waist and a few colorful pins and three medals that hug his broad chest as he talls at six feet and two inches, 240 pounds, blonde, brown eyed, peachy-pale skin, rumbling in his tenor saxophone. Good afternoon, candidates! I am Colonel Nat, a zipper pilot, and your instructor for today. The examinations very simple to take. Each sim bot will be monitored and scored by(points at robot)a testing bot or Tbot that records your flying performance. At the end of test, youll be ranked accordingly into the best pilot position suited for your flying skills and assigned with the appropriate rank and the appropriate currs.
A sample routine includes that each candidate enters one sim bot and will be assigned one battle scenario that will appear on your individual comlen. Thenyoudefendthekingdom. Nat voices silly as candidates laughter echoes to the rafters then he instructs. Each simulation is different for the previous pilots since you are not just fighting another sim bot but with each other with a set of live feed data streaming from and to interactively upon your comlen and inside this room as the candidates can see and hear your acts and reactions. Butdo not vocally respond back to the verbal orders issued in your sim bot however if you feel like talking to the walls we have disconnected the comfones for your sanityand our ears. Nat smiles as the candidates chuckles along the floor.
Nat rudely finger points towards enclosed testing booth, hanging like a box against the east wall and details. Ill be monitoring your progress in Tbot Control. Youll be given two minutes thats hundred seconds of your life to defend your zipper against the enemy of the universe. When the time limit ends then the hatch pops open and the sim bot will deactivate.  Good luck, test pilots! He shuffles toward the steps, loading his body into the Tbot Control box as Ira rudely finger points at the two candidates that sit next to his desk as the male and female stand and shift to the zipper module.
Ira calls, leaning his bulk comfortably into the oversized soft leather chair. Begin testing. He writes on the tablet with the pen as I lean my body into the hard metal chair and cross my legs for1 second2 secondsthen cross my legs in the other direction for1 second2 seconds3 secondsthen un-cross my legs and sit on the edge of the hard metal chair as my bee_hind bounces on the seat. I sigh with nervousness.
I bounce my cowgirls boot toes up and down then shift my boots side to side and nervously observe the test pilots with interest. Some folks are nervous, bouncing. Some folks walk around the food table, eating. Some folks lean against wall, sleeping. Two by two, the test pilots enter sim bot then two minutes later the challengers emerge with soft curses and shakes their skulls side to side. I sigh with anticipation.
I whisper like delicate butterflys wings. There he is. I sigh with true love.
Hey, Rann. Nat echoes his tenor voice via the comfone as eyeballs turn to him. 
Rann still possesses his curly black hair, brown eyes, dark tanned skin on five feet and ten inches of tallness at 195 pounds with his flexing rippled chest muscles and 8-pack abs, seeing no shirt or sleeves on his split down the middle white satin jacket vest with matching slacks tucked into spit and polished black knee-boots with a diagonal black sash that falls from his right shoulder full of colorful small pins and six gold medals. I sigh with true love.
I flash back mentally in the second time when I almost came close to marrying this man before I soared from 70-feet platform into my zipper then crashed my zipper into Bonita with the help of a band of fire from the wormhole.
Rann parks his fine body beside Ira who soldierly stands for the ruler of the universe then Rann surveys the faces of the new citizens and offers. New candidates welcome! I wish you good luck in your testing abilities and in your career choice for the Royal Militia. We need you. We want you. We thank you for testing. Ira rudely finger points at me since I am the last candidate I the last row of the last two seats that has been tested as I elbow with pointy limb roughly through the standing candidates and stand center stage of  Ira and Rann then two-step right in front of Rann, grinning with a toothy smile and giggling with a girly nervousness bouncing on my cowgirl boot toes and.
I sing in my flute music. Starra. Rann blinks his eyelids once, twice then thrice and cocks his skull sideways at me and.
Rann observes. Youre a female. I wink my eyelash, right at Rann and smile so wide that my cheekbones crack and.
I tease. His Majesty has excellent eyesight. Rann chuckles at my cute joke as Ira snorts like a wild boar for my attention which I dont give a  !@# and.
Ira takes over. Can you fly, female candidate? I bat my long eyelashes once, twice then thrice at Rann and bob my curls slowly up and down while smiling at Rann and.
I sing in my flute music like a cute snake. Yessss. Rann smiles at me as Ira snarls like an alligator and.
Ira corrects. Yes, Sire. I eye burn Rann and.
I repeat in my new sexy bass flute. Yes, Sire. Rann chuckles at me as I bat my eyelashes once, twice then thrice as Ira interrupts our secret mental love connection and.
Ira annoys. Who did you train with? I bob my curls up and down and.
I sing in flute music. Lady (drop into a rough bass flute voice)old lady Rosa taught me to fly a zipper. Rann tilts his skull to the side and twists his lips, funny and.
Rann inquires with his tomcat curiosity. Did I hear you say that Lady Rosa from Bonita taught you how to fly a space ship? I jerk my curls to Ira then return my eyeballs back to Rann and.
I sing in my new soft piano music. Yes. I sigh with caution.
Ira clarifies in his baritone tuba. Yes, sir, General Ira.
Yes, sir, General Ira. I entertain Ira while I eye burn Rann and smile at him then tattle big time. Im from Bonita. Since, Zbot says that no one will question my originals from Bonita as Rann smashes his eyelids upright with shock and drops his mouth like a hungry shark and.
Rann smiles at me and compliments. You are. Bonitians are rare creatures, indeed. I bob my curls up and down with perfect agreement that I am a rare alienre-phrasing Ranns statement and grin and giggle and.
I sing in my flute music. Indeedddd.. Rann stares at me as Nat breaks my day dream padding beside Rann while his eyeballs scan the remaining pilots and.
Nat yells. Candidate Rye? Is Candidate Rye available for final testing in the zipper pilot program? Eyeballs scan the room along with mine and I conclude that Rye isnt present so I win our fight by default as I snicker like a sly weasel while Nat waits for1 second.2 seconds..3 secondsand.
Ira nosily clears his throat, staring at me and smirking with a set of crooked lips, right and decides. Trained by Lady Rosa(extends his hand to me).not withstanding, there are no more zipper candidates for you...candidate to compete with. Ill reschedule time for you tomorrowtest pilot, Starra since all tests and testing pilots have completely for the day. I present duck lips, ugly at Ira. I sigh with great big heart broken disappointment.
Rann cheers and eye burns me. Ill be your opponent, pilot. I sigh with shock.
Ira neck snaps his skull at Rann and counter-mans gently. Your Highness, you cannot. Rann eye burns at Ira, wrinkling his forehead, ugly and.
Rann orders. Cant I, Ira? Im a zipper pilot, too. Prep me a sim bot. He looks at me, smirking with a set of crooked lip, right and challenges. Get ready to be crmed puff, pilot candidate. I chuckle with a girly twang as Nat grabs my forearm and we shift to the second zipper and Ira body spins to Tbot and.
Ira orders. Of course, prep the simulation robot for Prince Rann. Nat lifts the hatch, slapping my right collar bone for good luck and.
Nat warns, whispering into my right eardrum. Ranns the best pilot in the entire Militia. Dont worry about beating Rann! Youre fighting against yourself in the sim bot just do your best, pilot.
I slide into the worn but smooth leather seat and call out properly. Yes, sir. Nat slams the hatch shut while I examine the mockup cockpit, recognizing the familiar gears, switches, knobs and a joy stick, touching gingerly the warm leather that feels like a real space ship, understanding the fly and fight against Prince Rann best pilot in the Militia, snorting with delight.
I flash back mentally in both the first and second time lines when Rann was a very, very, very good pilot. I flash present day that I need a very, very, very good impression to Rann for a very, very, very good rank and a very, very, very good currs. I sigh with victory.
I close my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I quickly tap the black ignition button warming the fake engines as a black screen blinks with a scattered pattern of yellow bright stars, three greenish-blue planets, and one big bad silver shiny ram ship. The ram ship pounds with maser rays the noble planet from its outer space orbit as I am to defend the noble planet from atoo big, too bulky, and too massive ram ship in atoo tiny, too little, and too petite zipper. I sigh with smallness.
I plot-a-plan #1 that if I ram the ram ship into the noble planet everyone dies, then I lose the fight.
I plot-a-plan #2 that if I land my zipper on the noble planet and activate the single maser cannon and blow the ram ship out of the planets atmosphere and Ill really waste time, then I lose the fight.
I plot-a-plan #3 that if I can create a new second ram ship to blast first ram ship out of noble planets atmosphere, which I like a lot, then I win the fight.
I T-scan with Telepathy the Tbot and Tbots master station of testing sim bot programs, lots of files, and many records, seeing plenty of visual fotos of some pretty slick star ships as I snicker like a sly weasel. Then, I T-zap with Telekinesis a single electronic foto of a medium-sized star ship application and magnify the electronic projection of a passenger ship full of happy children and citizens(yeah, Im mentally sick).But a good plan inside my pretty skull as I snort like a wild boar. I sigh with deception.
The over-crowded bus of seating and smiling citizens and their swinging monkey arms of kids outside the windows(yeah, in outer space).of a passenger ship pops quickly onto both of our display screens between the noble planet and our zipper ships as I snigger and whisper without being vocally recorded. Surprise!
Then, the ram ship targets me as my onboard pretend sensors scream with a girly twang and my onboard abort lights flash in red: do it. Yeah! Right! Like. Im going to eject, tumble, and stumble from my mockup make-believe fake zipper in a real defeat of Rann. Get real! I press every single dang switch and fire every single maser ray at the ram ship, playing the game and pretending to lose as the ram ships pilot fires at me and misses while Rann fires at the ram ship and but accidentally hits the crowded passenger ship as ear-piercing screams of frightened children bombard the small cockpit.
Then, the passenger jerks to starboard, avoiding Ranns series of red maser waves but taps the rear bumper of the ram ship then the passenger ship explodes into a round ball of blue and yellow flames. Next, I fire at the damaged ram ship, creating prettily a massive band burst of red, purple and blue flames that explode into a fierce fireball of pink, yellow, and orange. I sigh with beauty.
My sim bot quickly blackens into total darkness as the consoles indicator red lights die more swiftly than the audio sound while my steel joystick goes dead and powerless within my five right finger pads as my zipper hatch mice squeaks open. I blink with eyelashes to dull the bright overhead lights as loud alarms blare while whistles pierce and bells ring from both sim bots inside the testing room as candidates drop to the floor, covering their ears and mouths which is all followed by a set of powerful explosions in one of the sim bots.
I leap, kitten-like out of my mock zipper, sliding upon my fours (palms and kneecaps) on the smooth tile, neck snapping to my sim bot seeing the vertical streams of white smoke raise to the ceiling as Rbots race and hover around the sim and quickly spraying water and foam on both simulation zippers.
Then, the second hatch creaks slowly upright as Rann jumps, T-rex out the zipper and rolls into a somersault and lands upon his back muscles in the gunk of thick white foam, sliding his body horizontally into a set of three chairs, scattering the furniture like field mice around the crowded room then Rann hits the right table leg swinging his swaying body into the soft sofa leg and bounces his boots against the hard wall and finally stops. 
I bite my lower lip preventing a girly laugh and demonstrating only a slight giggle then cup both hands over my pink-painted lips as I examine the usual prim and proper Rann while he covers in different colors of white foam, brown dirt, gray lint, and a rainbow array of food stains from the dirty floor along with unique smears across his handsome face of black oil and green coolant on the right side of cheekbone while the left side is smooth and clean.
Rann swiftly stands, jerking the vest over his pants, comments and grins. A most exhilarating ride, I must admit. Candidate clap with the thunder raising the rooftop as Rann struts to me and smiles with a friendly tone, extending his hand for shaking. I salute you, Lady Starra. I concede the victory to you. Thank you for the most fascinating and exhilarating pilot encounter I have ever tested in the universe. I shake his hand and nod my curls, once in silence while smiling like a devilette.
Day 73. Militia. black cold outer space. minus 1000F. My second day of employment views a rotating circle around a partial destroyed Tech World with the grayish-black rectangular Wall spying on uspilotsplay a nice poker hand of Conqueror Game with a jackpot of 640 currs while I sit next too(yeah, ya guessed it) Major Tom from my past two other time warped alien time lines with his moppy blonde hair and still wrinkled and unimpressed blue uniform missing his yellow sash and still is my immediate commanding officer. This is better than relaxing in my single studio room with aonetwin bed and aonetoilet and aonewindow that views the Wall. I sigh with oneness.
I upright my card ready to smash down the winning hand and listen to whining Major Tom for winning the three Conqueror Game for the day when my eardrums hear the irritatingly audio alarms coupled with loud fog horns and three types of ear-piercing whistles that surround the air waves and my aching skull as I neck snap at Nat who has scooted the table from his tallness, rattling the cards and the coins and.
Attack!? Nat yells then tosses his playing cards on table, scanning the ceiling for his Heavenly angelsnaw...reading the visual display of English words upon the single comlen and announces with intrigue to me. Lord Dirks star ship caravan is under attack by sky pirates. Move out, pilots! Get to you ships! Nat orders as I slo mo poke along in my cowgirl boots to my state-of-the art zipper since I scored the bestest mark on the zipper test and I got the best ship in the fleet as ordered by Rann while I giggle with a girly twang not hurried to save Dirklord or loserever in this universe. I sigh with repetition.
the Wall. I leap, T-rex into a cold dark outer space and T-scan with Telepathy, finding a small hole in Wall and wait1 second.2 seconds.3 seconds. A small hole becomes bigger hole as I T-punch with Telekinesis driving the zipper through the other side of Wall while I observe a damaged Planet Resort, a radiated Planet Ice, and farfar away with my Tele-view a prison Planet Sahara. I immediately spot the distressed ram ship and I hesitate my personal interaction on Dirks behalf posing regally inside my warm and cozy zipper, twisting my lips, ugly and studying the pic nothing the advanced state-of-technology space craft and.
Tom kisses my exhaust pipe of my zipper via the comfone. Starramove your a I jerk with my left two finger pads the black comfone cables when audio static overtakes the air waves while I giggle with a girly twang and again study with eyeballs and IQs the heavy modified set of zipper and carrier ships that make up the mysterious sky pirates who professional attack the caravan(yeah, more then one)of star ships composed of a ram ship, a freighter, and a second ram ship in that horizontal order. I sigh with big confusion.
I join the fun chasing like a lioness two carriers around Dirks ram ship, feeling his icky presence with my Telepathy and fire a bombardment of red masers a the pirates engines, watching a prettily pink and red explosion(yeah, baby, too easy) .within my eyeballs. Then, I whip my zipper around the freighter ship that contains via the comlen a full array of medical staff along with their ill patients, missing the dang solo pirate and pass over the second ram ship via the comlen that fills with a supply of well stocked food and livestock from Agri. I sigh with big puzzlement.
I blast three zippers like swatting a nest of gnats irritating my nostrils into a set of yellow and orange fiery ashes against the dark black sky then arch me under the second ram ship, colliding with a fourth zipper, blowing it into pretty purple space dust as I continue my adventurous space hunt one by one, twos by twos, threes by threes and hitting every single dang target perfectly. I sigh with ease.
Next, the freight that contains live folks explodes into red, blue, and green space dust as the sky pirates get scared and break off their scattered formation, retrieving their pilots escape pods and then jump their ships and pods into hyper space, vanishing freely from the battle area as Nat commands. Break off pursuit! Close up formation and all return to base.
Militia. Ready room. I hang.way too long at the Wall while I hover and listen for Dirk but he doesnt communicate either hes asleep, bathing or unconscious and wonder if Dirk knows that I exist in the third time line since Rann, Ira, and Nat dont as I shake my curls side to side realizing that I start a new time line but only I remember me while every citizen doesnt recognize me. Then, I mentally switch IQ gears and ponder that weird-o battle since the freighter and second ram ship got burned in the oven like two pieces of hard toast as Dirks ram ship safely sailed back home to Planet Sahara. I sigh with intrigue.
I land my zipper last inside the hanger bay while means I dock in the spot nearest the opening but farthest from the archway leading out into the main hallway since I have decided that I want to some really good answers and elbow my body and my way through the happy pilots who back slap their hands and finger pads on back sides, forearms, and faces(yeah, baby).for a congratulate good job of blasting food stuffs, equipment, ships, pilots, and citizens who were once living and breathing folks over Resort. I sigh with nausea.
The pilots sit around loose chairs without desks in the Ready Room which is a space used to hot wash the upcoming new dangerous mission or cold wash the old job while I slide the chair from the pilots bee_hind thats about to sit next to Tom then shove her ass to another chair with my thumb signal and violently slap my right hand upon Toms back side, reaching down into his left eardrum and inquire with my kitty-cat curiosity. Who were the citizens killed on that freighter ship that exploded over Resort, Tom?
Tom slap the hand the buddy on his right totally ignoring me as I sit in the chair and bad breathe into Toms left nostril and inquire with my kitty-cat curiosity along with sneer. Who were the citizens killed on the ship that exploded over Resort? Tom eye burns the command desk and.
Tom sings in his tenor saxophone music. Shhh! he rudely finger points at Ira standing at the podium.
I smart-hole while looking at Tom. What? He rudely finger points at Ira at the podium for a second time and.
Tom orders. Shhh! Wait! The announcement! I stare at Tom and.
I smart-hole. What? I eye burn him.
The highest kills get awarded currs and recognition. Tom declares as I shake my curls side to side and.
I whine. Sick-o for killing citizens. Tom neck snaps his skull and.
Tom sings in tenor saxophone in my right eardrum. Shhh! The winner of the highest kills as you know gets a curr prize of 1,000 and the honor of spending the evening with Prince Rann and the other nobles of the universe. I killed ten ships. Im going to win. He smiles with a toothy grin as I bob my curls up and down and.
I sing in my new bass flute music. Congratulations! Tom flings his index finger to his lips and.
Tom sings in his tenor saxophone music. Shhh! We both look at Ira and.
Ira announces. Highest kill number is eighteen.belongs to Lieutenant Starra. Tom almost whip leashes his neck muscles in dangerous as he eye burns my face and.
Tom sings in alto saxophone music.  You! You won. I shake my curls side to side, pondering how easy to kill pirates and fool Tom and.
I sour in my new bass flute music. Thanks, Tom. I stand and sashay my bee_hind to Ira, smiling and graciously accept the red velveteen pouch of noisy currs and a golden paper invitation to noble ceremony. Thank you, General Ira.
Ranns castle. private dining room. dark blue sky white clouds. full moon. 66F. evening. I wear my elegant gray gown, stomping in four-inched heels(only ones in the store)into the noble private Dining Room and suddenly stop and rudely stare at old familiar and young un-familiar faces located in different corners of the room seeing Ambassador Ty of Agri, General Ira of Militia, wife Mar, and their daughter Kia; Marquis Tok of Uni, wife Marquise Lee, and their daughter named Mia; Lord Dirk of Sahara and Bio; Viscountess Rita of Tech World and late Viscount Lads daughter Tia. While Rann lives on and owns Planet Commerce since being elected King of the Universe after Baron Bartholomews death and Planet Bonita belongs to Lord Dirk after Lady Rosas death which is also uninhabited and slowly recovering from massive fires and destruction of maser waves from the War as told by noble gossip but I know that it was done personally by Dirk and Rita in the second time line. I sigh with sadness.
You must be Starra! A gloved yellow hand greets, first then a wrinkled face, second who intros as Iras wife. Generalette Mar, Ira said you hail from Bonita. She scans her eyeballs vertically at me, commenting. Ira described you as an old maid but youre a very young and pretty girl, my dear. Are you married? She chuckles with a husky tone as I shake my curls side to side while she finger points at the occupied chair in the north wall and cautions. Watch yourself Starra! The prince fancies himself into finding new and young little things to play with. I drop my mouth like a hungry shark and hiss like a snake as I view the stunning beauties that sit around, besideand upon Ranns lap as he colors in white vest, trousers plus a silly white robe that drapes over a purple and gold plated oversized single seated throne chair while he wears a more silly diamond studded jeweled crown on his forehead as I giggle with a girly twang, noting a different foto from our zipper run this afternoon. I sigh with surprise on me.
His girls? Mar disgusts with a nose blow as we scoot towards the table looking for a set of empty chairs while she gossips into my left eardrum. Models and entertainment personalities mostly., she sweet breathes into my nostrils, .except for that tall woman of dark complexion. I dont recognize her from the comlen media but shes the leader of the princess gang and highly intelligence too boot. So, watch your pretty self or you might be facing
I mice squeak. Her!? I rudely stare at the many, many friends of females of Rann who vary in all types of height, weight, built, and appearance from pale to dark skin, red to black color of hair but clothed in total black leather outfits that scanty clad on their long bodies. I sigh with shock.
Mar corrects, Him. I sigh with disappointment.
Day 74. Commerce. the Bar. property of Rann. dark blue sky. white clouds. full moon. 65F. evening. Lucky girl, Starra. First assignment with me.going to be a breezetonight. Tom shifts his right boot into my walking path on purpose or by accident then painfully punches my left bicep with his right folded fist for fun like were real pals and rudely finger points at big structure during our visual communication as I twist my lips, ugly and stare ahead of us and.
I repeat Iras voice command almost word for word. GoandguardtheRestaurant. Tom bobs his skull up and down while shake my curls side to side and sum. My jobs to watch citizens shuffle in and out of the Restaurant. I eye burn my cowgirls boots and my clean and ironed shiny burned slick black jumpsuit then neck snap my curls at Toms wrinkled and abused blue uniform pondering my bad luck or stupid luck, wondering where my new pressed and ironed blue uniform is being mademaybeon Planet Earth as I listen to Tom ramble.
Easy duty, tonight. Tom continues rumbling in tenor. Rann likes the universe to run smooth and easy like a piece of glass. He sails his stiff hand parallel to ground, smiling at me and.
I sing in piccolo music. Rann! I giggle with a girly twang and neck snap to Tom commenting. Sounds as if you know him, personally, Tom?
Tom snorts like wild boar then inhales heavy and blasts, bobbing his skull up and down. Rann and I.buddy aroundoccasionally, ya know. Iused to be the personal body guard for the princea few months ago, I smile and bob my curls to be nice and.
I dont believe Tom, but amuse with his antidotes. I repeat. Personal body guard? Encounter any sky pirates during that.tour of duty?
Few nasty ships strayed near himI mean his personal zipper. He only drives himself, ya see. I got them.one blast He direct points his index finger at the approach brush and sings in tenor. Pow! Pirates want himya know. Wehave to be alert and ready for Ranns protection.
I ponder that last statement, wording carefully. Im new to Commerce and the Militia unit. I also rely on facts and actions, not yesterdays story lines.
Action as a noun or verb? Tom smart-holes then laughs with a hardy tone at me as I eye burn him for a correct size body bag, smirking with a crooked set of lips, right and.
Comfone beeps with an invisible body voicing in her alto clarinet. Officer needs assistance at the Bar.
I survey the surrounding threatening plants and kids while walking to the calm outdoor atmosphere of the wooden front porch at the Restaurant seeing families talk while children play and Wbots serve food as I stomp my boots across the crowded cobble street to the Bar while Tom relays via comfone. Major Tom reports as required.
I guess Ill get some actiontonight. I offer with a silly thought.
Tom orders to me, I assist. You observe. Got that, Starra? I grunt like a dying dog with a few un-kind secret words under my pink tongue, when Tom neck snaps a skull at me in our full horsey gallop to the Bar. Tom inquires with tomcat curiosity. You say something, Lieutenant? I shake my curls side to side, biting my lower lip and.
I repeat. I assist, Major. I sigh with toil.
inside the Bar. The citizens quietly huddle in small clicks while hushed voices as several Wbots float around the large room serving wet drinks with a wallpaper of dancing girls made up in fuzz furs, gleaming jewels, and glittery sequins as customers drinks continuously and laugh obnoxiously. I see in the farfar corner outlines of small doors that lead to smaller rooms while the Bar Keeper leads us in a short parade to one of the side gray doors then opens the wood as I rudely stare at the silence commotion, sneering like a junk yard dog eye witnessing the dancing girl on the floor bleeding red from her busted nose and a second girl sits upright upon a short sofa ices her black eye with a bag of ice cubes.
I live by an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth so a citizen is going to get a bloody nose and two blacken eyes from me since Im an action girl. I sigh with fury.
Tom silents his body inside the archway like a cowards and looks at the two injured girls as the Blue Cloak bleeds a third dancing girl in her lips while her body imprints more blood upon the cloak, the wall, and on me. I stomp right foot then left foot into the room and scream. Halt. Stop. Youre under arrest for assault.
Blue Cloak swishes around to face me and intros as Marquis Tok whos the noble of space station Uni which is a peaceful and an academic place for young innocent slightly impressionable children learn to be a good role model in the universe as I drop my mouth like a hungry shark then close it stomping my right boot towards his body and call out. Marquis Tok, youre under arrest. Please, present your hands for binding. Tok blinks his eyelids once, twice then thrice at me and swallows the rest of his alcoholic drink in his left hand then elegantly tosses the empty glass at my nose as I catch in my left hand then T-drop it with Telekinesis next to the side table and.
Tok slurs with an ugly baritone. Whoooossss.going to arrest me, little girl? You? He roars like a jungle king cat who appears very drunk and very tall which is over six feet in height and 295 pounds of taunt muscle. A worth opponent in any match against me. I smirk with a crooked set of pink-painted lips, left and ready for my defensive measure as Tok continues to insult me for shit and giggles. Well, little girl, hear megoodnot going to jail, tonight. Soooo, make me surrender? I grin with a toothy smile at his invitation and neck snap my curls at Tom who guards the archway and shakes his skull side to side, folding his sleeves over his uniform and.
He orders. Leave it alone, Lieutenant. I rudely finger point at Tom then thumb my fist at Tok and.
I retort in my bass flute music. No! I pause for beauty and let him have it. I wont leaveITalone. IT broke the law. IT is going to jail. IT is going to serve its time, there. Tok is nobleman and in the Noble class because he owns a school space station and attends the noble parties while Tom, the girls, and Iwe are all stuck inside the Commoner class. So, the nobles still treat the commoners like slaves and play things. Not tonight, not on my police watch. I sigh with duty.
I neck snap my curls at Tok, feeling the air waves shift quickly then T-view with Teleclairvoyance a cocked left arm as I swiftly duck my freckles down to my waist, missing the folded fist then upright my freckles and jump, kitten-like backwards from Toks right leg kick into my freckles. I connect with ten finger pads at the ankle bone of Toks right leg and watch beautifully a massive body bounce against the hard wall paneling and twist an ugly face towards the rough wood as I hear Toks nose bone crack seeing a ton of red blood from his nose and mouth as I giggle with a girly twang then I fall upon his kneecaps and swiftly uprights his tallness leaning against the wall panel as I back step from the big madman. Tok swings his bloody face and.
Tok recovers too dang quickly with a bloody smile at me. Ill sail youto the moon, little girl.
I cheer brilliantly. No moontoday on Commerce, buddy. However, therere lots of stars in the night which youll be seeing verysoonest. Tok hisses like a little girly since he greatly dislikes my unladylike treatment of his noble status and he should be afraid of my threat. I sigh with appeal.
He drives both folded fists at cute freckles as I dance to the right side with the grace of a ballerina while Tok circles in a 360 degree turn and I giggle with a girly twang then he snorts with an invisible steam of smoke and charges like rhino with both his fists and inflamed nostrils at me. I drop my right kneecap to the floor, ducking and tucking at waist as Tok travels over my curls like a big bird in flight then I hear with my eardrums a big body hit the opposite wall for a second body impact as I giggle with a girly twang. I soldierly stand seeing Tok land flat on stomach, hearing his moaning pains echo into the room while I smile in victory. I sigh with triumph.
Enough, Lieutenant. Tom bosses wanting to aid menowgrabbing Tok by his massive shoulders as I assist with the trash haul of the noble to his wobbly vomit-covered knee-high noble boots then turn my face and silently gag for fresh air before I puke my own boots. 
Tok eye gleams me and slurps. Notgoing.forget this.little girl. I smile and.
Who I am? I test his numb brain cells.
Dontforget a pretty face. New hot shotzipper pilot. Going to regret this act, gorgeous. Tok fumes with bigger words this time as I shake my curls side to side and.
I intro. Starra, my names Lieutenant Starra. I shake in my cowgirl boots. NOT! I sigh with annoyance.
We lead Tok outside the Bar to the awaiting ride into a Sahara jail for all disobedience dogsnawbeings as Tok and Tom stumble into the passenger ship while Tom orders. Hop in, Lieutenant! I stand with my parked fists on my waist band and not obeying the dog.nawthe master when Tom neck snaps his to me and orders for a second time. Get it, Starra!
Whyyy? I smart-hole.
He rudely finger points at Tok, and lists.way to many rules. Escort your prisoner to Sahara. Fill out your official paperwork. Watch your prisoner andyour show performance is over for the night, Starra. I sigh with frustration.
Sahara. Dirks castle. dark blue sky. full moon. 120F. evening. The moon shines like a huge diamond in the dark midnight sky making the atmosphere so beautiful and romantic. Then, I flash back mentally in the first time line when Baron Bartholomew kissed me on a moon night like this on Commerce before the War.
No sweet kiss on the lips tonight or any other nights, if I dont find a new job. Surely whirly, I possess other employable skills getting my resourceful Zbot on that new assignment, asap, since I am a commoner and I work for a dang living. Sniff! Sniff! And I smell the stint of live captives in the rear compartment of passenger ship. I sigh with disgust.
The passenger ship heavy jolts to the sand while a pair of golden vests like Ranns used to be glitter under the heated lights in an array of beautifully gems while the baritone voices sing lovely curse words at the new set of prisoners occupying a few more prison cells tonight under the full moon. While I watch Tok and his Honor Guard unit drag his ass down an empty hallway, the flip my eyelashes to the roaming hands of Tom, falling beside him, marching into a side door, and quietly sit in the empty chair next and inquire with kitty-cat curiosity. I dont understand, Tom. You and I are going to stay on Sahara forhow long with a big question mark. What are we going to dohere?
Guard duty until Ira relocates us. Tom pokes on the nearest comlen pulling an entertainment station upon the screen watching the dancing girls as I twist my lips, funny, neck snapping my curls and viewing the empty room and the more empty hallway as Tom educates. This is called rotation duty. Every police officer is required to follow their prisoner from arrest, jail time, and sentencing torelease. Tok is jailed. Youre on Sahara. Youll escort Tok to the next step of his incarceration. Youll also explain to Ira what happenedtomorrow. Ira rounds new inmates in morn
I dont think so since I hear with my Tele-eardrums the slapping of heavy boot pads as Hurricane Ira approacheth on the tile when his boots invade the room coming closer to my desk then fat Ira huffs and puffs in ugly music since he walks too fast and too long and stops before Tom and Toms desk.
Ira bellows like Moo cow in heat. Someone explain to me.whyyyy nobleman Marquis Tok.(he inhales).is in a prison cell. I grin with a smile then present a set of straight pin lips as Tom soldierly stands too quickly, violently shaking the table legs as I giggle and grin while sitting my oversized comfortable chair and.
I report. He assaulted three dancers and a police officer at the Bar, tonight. I contained and arrested him for his crimes, Ira. I eye gleam into Iras face and story tell honestly before mousy Tom talks dishonestly on my behalf. Plus, Tom might and try accidentally inflame and inflate the story giving a wrong POVof me since I want my POV very clear. I sigh with pride.
You didnt look hurt, Starra. Ira eye gleams at me, sitting upright like a princess in the chair as I present duck lips, ugly and shake my curls side to side and.
I define for his brain cells. I wasnt hurt, Ira. I said assaulted. Thereis a difference. Ira snorts like an old beaten wild boar then neck snaps his skull to Tom and.
Ira puzzles. Do you concur with her story, Major?
Tom twists the words, grinning with a toothy smile. I concurthat Starra interfered with Marquis Toks fun with the dancing girls at the Bar.
I sneer like a junk yard dog and eye burn Toms lying face then T-probe with Telepathy. You in big trouble now, boy. Interfering with the girls, the noble was beating them up. Wait until, I find us a dark hallway somewhere between the Ladies Bathroom and your private quarters because Im going to black and blue your bee_hind for fun and giggles. I sigh with fury.
Tom moves closer to Ira upon his imagery voice shout inside his twisted brain as Ira commands. Im reporting this incident to Rann, immediately. Follow me! He body spins his bulk towards the archway, marching to the left then turns to the right into a new side door and a new bigger room with a set of large and small comlens. I sigh with interest.
I slouch quietly and nosily exhale then soldierly stand and quickly trot to catch Tom as he slows his pace and warns his protection. Once the prince gets involved, watch out.
Im not afraid of Prince Rann, General Ira or Major Tom because Im tired, hungry, and getting punished somehow and someway since Ira hates me and Tom hates me but Rann thinks. I sigh with intrigue.
I plop into another oversized chair on the side lines, watching the game action as Rann magically appears upon the large comlen, wondering if Ira disturbs Rann often for an insignificant episode like this then I grin with a toothy smile and listen and
Toks in jail. Rann roars with his jungle cat laughter, smiling with ease as Ira shuffles his body side to side and.
I would like your permission to release him. Only you can issue commands of freedom and punishment in your universe, Your Highness. Ira begsway too much.
What did Tok do to land himself jailed? Rann smile and wisely inquires with his tomcat curiosity.
He got drunk at one of his parties and roughed up a commoner. It was a little incident, Rann. Ira barely explains.
Where was the party? Rann asks.
The Bar. Ira names meekly.
The last time I checked the Bar is my personal establishment. Im the owner and the protector of my property. Did Tok hurt one of my girls? Rann questions in angry.
There was a little fighting. Ira hints.
Yes or no, Ira? Rann demands.
Yes.
Tok stays in jail for the night and maybe another night until Im in a better mood. Ill decide tomorrow afternoon. No one messes with my girls, Ira. Rann kings with grand wisdom as I giggle with a girly twang and Ira bows at his waist at Rann and.
Ira obeys. Yes, Your Highness.
Toks a big guy to tangle without being intoxicated. Who was the arresting officer? Do I know him? Rann asks.
The officer is named Lieutenant Starra. Ira names.
Rann sings in his baritone trombone music and smiles. Starra! He quickly wipes the smile off his face and continues in a kingly manner. Shes the new officer who beat me in the sim bot. You have her on police patrol. Isnt that unusually for a gifted pilot?
She requested new duties. I saw it fit to test her as a police officer. Ira lies honestly.
She must be doing a really bang up job. Excuse the pun, Ira. Rann chuckles like a silly clown being the most clever and most charming noble of the universe.
The Lieutenant shows talents in different areas of my Militia units. Ira boasts.
How interesting? Please keep me informed, like always, Ira. Dismissed. Rann commands.
Yes, Your Highness. Ira poses until rows of silver and white static replace the comfone then he body spins to Tom and me. You and Starra are performing rotation duty on Sahara for two weeks untilIm in a better mood. Ira presents duck lips, ugly then body spins slo mo towards the archway padding snail-like towards another part of the space station.
Tom rudely finger points out the door towards our new bunk placement on the Prison Planet while I drag my tired cowgirl boots on the clean shiny gold tile to my new permanent I mean.temporary living quarters. The room is sealed with a single bed, a single chair, a single lavatory with no windows and no closetkinda like a jail cell as my sub-conscious mind laughs hilariously and silently then I drop onto my bed fully clothed into a heavy deep snoring slumber in my new jail cell.I mean my new private suite. I sigh with happiness.
Day 75. private chambers. 110F. early morning. The single explosions sounds nearby me while my overhead lights slam over my eye sockets blinding me temporally as I hear heavy boot toes tapping on the tile flooring then I upright upon my elbows, seeing the small room. I shake my curls side to side becoming suddenly dumb than I recall that I am on Sahara inside the prison then I leap, kitten-like from the bed, looking for my clothes slapping both palms over my wrinkled jumpsuit(yeah, I wear it)then I slam open the wood, looking at the commotion along with hearing the annoying sharp whistles and fog horns that both my eardrums and hallways walls. I sigh with silence.
The prison inmates have picked a fine dandy time. (early morning hours)to execute their escape plan since Ive slept only two of four hours. I sigh with angry.
I reach for my weapons and just my luck I wear them across my waistline on my smelly un-pressed black jumpsuit and desperately dream of a more glamour job. I sigh with annoyance.
I sprint on legs to the right then to the left and T-probe with Telepathy to find the disaster, turning the sharp corner then stop immediately, seeing folks from the Prison Cell numbers 333 through 339 as the single inmate hold his maser against an upset females throat. Id be upset, too if live maser caresses my temple. 
The single Police Officer stands at the wall corner of room on top of the platform, waving his right hand with silly motion and shouts. Release her and you will not get hurt. That famous line doesnt work on Planet Earth in TV Land, either as I elbow my both pointy bones through the tight crowd getting a front row front seat, seeing the single hostage standoff. 
The single inmate echoes and waves his free hand at the prison cells. Westarve to deathdemand food and water. I drop my mouth like a hungry shark then close my lips and grit my teeth as I neck snap my curls to the guard beside me watching the hostage standoff and.
I princessly demand. Dont you feed these citizens? The big tall Police Officer mouth spits his salvia on the tile studying the commotion and. 
The Police Office shares with me. Yeah, prisoners eat whenwe say they eat. I cant park my folded fists on my waist to show my personal angry, so I fling my small wad of personal disgustingly mouth spit hitting on top of his puddle and.
I question with kitty-cat curiosity. You say. Who made youthe law? He neck snaps his skull at me and grins with four teeth missing and.
He updates. Ira makes the law. I follow it. Who you be, princess?
I mumble in angry. I be your worse midnight, dude. I neck snap my curls to the single inmate and his hostage, pondering the words Ira makes and enforces the law.
I flash back mentally in the first and second time lines when inmates were located on Planet Sahara were treated with both respect and dignity. Some were rehabilitated back into a normal society credited by Prince Rann.
I sneer like a junk yard dog, pondering that I messed up all the other time lines so I can fix it in the third time by starting with this gentleman right here who holds the dangerous maser weapon. I realize that inmates dont have access to weapons unless they have been given access to the weapons storage they houses all the weapons as I rotate my neck muscles around the crowded room, scanning for more then one villain and not seeking any answers. I sigh with care.
blue maser the inmate on his left side (chuckles).I beat him last week there in his rib cage. No resistance! A visible guard voices in his baritone tuba as I sneer like a junk yard dog at his ugly words as the guard orders. Take the trouble makers outway out into the lone desert. No resistanceever!
I break my body from the front row formation, marching slo mo towards the single hostage with a maser at her throat, noting that theres no other place for the inmates to run or hide. Their only chance is to die by trying to escape or negotiating peace with the stubborn and crude Militia Police Officers coupled with the Sahara Prison Guards. I jerk my right arm away from the males strong right handed-gripe, walking slowly.
I connect, link and Tele to the inmate. Peace. Calm.
The single inmate eye gleams at me, holding the maser barrel closer to her throat and I word really slow. Buddy, let the officer go, give ya food and water. Inmate stares at me and.
Inmate demands. Wheres the food? Dont see food! He violently shakes the hostage with his right hand and I thumb my fist behind me and.
I thumb behind me. Over there food, give me the maser. Ill give you food and water. I extend my right hand outward as the inmate quickly eye burns the table with food and water.
I connect, link and Tele to the Lead inmate. Peace. Calm.
Second inmate leans into the Lead inmates eardrum and warns within my Tele-eardrums. Dont believe her, shes one of them. The Lead inmate eye burns the floor then the table then he looks at me.
I connect, link and Tele to the Lead inmate. Peace. Calm. 
I extend my right hand towards the Lead inmate in friendship and words clearly. Toss me the weapon. I walk very slowly to him as he slowly lowers the maser from her throat muscles as I smile while my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
An invisible body shouts in his baritone tuba. Down, Lieutenant! Fire! Both the Militia Police Officers and the Sahara Prison Guards enjoy their double-crossing on me while they plan to kill any and all escaped inmates just to show their asinine authority and stupid superiority. I sigh with fight.
I drop my body hard to the smooth tile since I dont want to die and T-jerk with Telekinesis the inmates maser to my left hand then I leap, T-rex in the air, twisting my body about, facing the true enemy of the night and T-rip with Telekinesis the golden metal doors into their maser firing path that protects the inmates, the officer, and pretty me. A series of red, yellow, and green burning maser waves hit the combo steel and gold, melting into a golden gooey little baby piles of pies upon the hard tile and my black jumpsuits leg pants. I sigh with inflaming angry.
HALT! An invisible body yells in his baritone tuba as I slam the shield upon the tile and stand guard in my holey black jumpsuit of colored circles along the kneecaps and ankles and my totally ruined cowgirls boots as I watch both my big toes wiggle like night crawlers inside the burnt hot pink leather that protected my naked feet then switch my eye ball and witness the officers break formation and surround the prisoners while providing the inmates with fresh food and water, and escorting them back into their individual cells. I sigh with reward.
Tom approacheth from my blind side and snarls like an alligator. Dont know what that was but youre not a hero, Starra. Youre lucky that you didnt get your pretty head blown off. Tom thinks that I have a pretty head also as I giggle with a girly twang pathing solo to my cell for my sleep while I search for an issued pressed and ironed blue uniform.tomorrow.
Mess hall. eight in the morning. Alarm broken! Tom greets and grunts at me while I straddle my legs between the metal cold hard chair at our shared Dining Room table of 1,000 inmates and 500 guards, gently placing my full tray of eggs, biscuits, bacon, sausage, fruit, cereal, and milk on my placemat, looking at the food, not Tom.
Decided to get more beauty sleep, Major. I spit back feeling lots of accumulated exhaustion moments that represents the big fight with bigger Marquis Tok, the brief discussion with boring General Ira, the pretty peace negotiation with irritated inmates and pretty much saving the universe that Ranns rules as I giggle with a girly twang then I lift the forkful of steaming eggs to my pink-painted lips as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
Great! Something terrible is going to happen and its going to happen to me. I sigh with trouble.
I smell his bad breathe flooding down my silver hair roots towards my nostrils as an invisible body voices in his baritone trombone. Is this the little girl that caused all the ruckus this morning? Tom nods his skull, once in silence while he eye burns our un-invited table mystery guest as Mystery Guest inquires with his tomcat curiosity. Is she your girlfriend, Tom?
Tom sings in tenor saxophone music. No.
Mystery Guest asks. Is she your partner?
Tom sings in tenor saxophone music. No.
Mystery Guest questions. What is she?
Tom smiles and answers. Shes on her own. He snarls like an alligator then viciously scoots his chair from the table and stands away from me. I sigh with anxiety.
I push my delicious food from the table edge, planning to eat my breakfast after my brief but intense physical exercise and cocking my curls sideway and pose like a princess. Thanks for the vote of confidence, Major. Tom folds his sleeves over his neatly ironed and pressed blue uniform as I soldierly stand in my new cute little outfit fromsomebody.
I awoke hungry for food and refreshed from sleep, finding a golden pretty satin box outside my room door after I finished peeing in the toilet and showering out the nasty germs from last nights hostage exchange program. I slammed open the single door and then stomped with my right bare foot upon the box, first. Ya know, thinking it a live rattlesnake in the middle of space station in outer space and then I outer spaced kicked it with my left foot into the opposite wall since that wall currently stops all outer space dead molecules from invading into live molecules needed to survive in a space station as I calmed and realized with strawberry red embarrassment upon my face that the pretend snake was a pretend gift from a pretend somebody that must pretend to like me while I snort like a wild boar.
My outfit colors in silver-tint to match my long wavy waist-length hair with a fitted long-sleeved turtle neck that pairs with a cute sleeveless fitted vest that covers in little tiny diamonds which gleams and glitter in the overhead lights burning brightly on the space shuttle and I wear with a pair of gray matching fabric shorts that covers my bee_hind that fall right above my kneecaps that contains two slender long pockets for holding shit ya know like my two hands when nervous or my two thick handkerchiefs when crying or two masers when killing as I snarl like an alligator. Theres always a pair of gray thigh-high leather boots that height right at the bottom edge of the new gray shorts making me look really cute and all adorable in the color of gray along with the small diamond hilted silver-plated dagger in the left-side pouch pocket of the boot so I guess I kinda know who that somebody is. I sigh with true love.
I lean over the table as far as my short torso goes and eye burn Tom, threatening with lethal force. Yoube next on my hit list, buddy. I swiftly twist my body and face the ugliest guy in the universe, rotating my neck muscles around the big room and see many of my fellow Militia Police Officers wearing their blue uniforms and tied yellow sash. Then, I examine my guest who is one of Iras boys with his own pressed and ironed blue uniform and yellow sash as I shake my curls side to side. I sigh with not dying to date. 
The big guy has scooted his tallness from my Dining Room table and currently stands about thirty feet from me in the middle of two bigger guys that talls over six feet in height and out weights me by two hundred pounds. An equal match to my alien talents. 
I snort like a wild boar, smirking with a set of crooked lips, right since these natives are about to learn a much needed social lesson in table manners from an alien of Planet Earth as I bow at my waist like a true noblette then upright and grin with a pearly white smile.
Hear that threat, Major? The Lead Antagonist re-states for dumbo Tom, chuckling like a silly clown and calls. Ya can have hernext after I whip her fanny, Tom if theres anything left. The captive audience roars with jungle cat laughter, not me since the audience captures with a set of half empty chairs but with a set of half full guards that composes about 80% of the Militia Police Officers and the rest of the equation is 20% of beautifully golden-vested and red-sashed Sahara Prison Guards. And I bet my hot oatmeal that the Sahara Prison Guards are ordered to stay clear of all Militia fights. No friends! No allies! No options! Noway to start the morning. I sigh with deep concern.
I shove my chair under the table as taught like a Southern lady by Grandma Starbuck, stepping my new thigh-high boots into the middle of a completed circle of both groups of Militia officers and Sahara guards encircling my three adversaries and me. I stand 30 feet away from my opponents in silence with boots apart and park my folded fists on my waist, signaling the start, or the end or the suffering of my consequences. I sigh with danger.
The Lead Antagonist paces two steps, ordering for all eardrums. Rules are simple. No weapons of any kind including masers, swords, darts, arrows, spearsand daggers. He sees my tiny silver dagger hidden in right thigh-high boot pouch. Then, I flash back mentally in the second time line when Rann presented the dagger to me as gift.
I bend down at my waist, cocking my left leg at the kneecap, and retrieve my dagger with my left hand, upright my body, holding the dagger by the hilt and flip it in the air, catching it by my finger tips, then precisely toss it thirty feet and one/sixteenth of an inch at Lead Antagonists big toe, missing, of courses as it lands on its pointy blade in front of his boot. We all watch it wiggle and jiggle like a worm while the audience roars with jungle cat laughter, not me. Lead Antagonist reaches down at his waist and pulls my dagger from the wooden floor, handing it off to a guard behind him as I remind sweetly, smiling. I want my weapon backafter I whip your fanny. The audience roars with more jungle cat laughter at him as he charges like a rhino and zooms like a zipper into his light speed pace, performing entertainingly his zigzag dance pattern upon the floor.
The floor violently shakes from his mighty weight, thumping in a musical rhythm while the alto table legs and soprano chair taps hit the bass wooden floor as I stand prettily and patiently wait for my prey while his dance pattern bounces his tallness side to side against the moving tables and chair for1 second2 seconds3 seconds4 seconds.
He reaches my breakfast table where I enjoyed admiring my delicious breakfast before my ugly challenge of the day as I T-pull my food and the tray off my table onto the path of the dancing bear then his right boot hits the metal tray. The tray cant support his heavy physical weight or the weird-o physical math angle of his dancing motion, sailing him high in air waves when his right foot lands unsteady on the main entre of scrambled eggs. The guard falls backwards on his back side, bouncing his hard rear of his skull once, twice then thrice laying quietly his unconscious body upon the floor. I whisper softly. What a waste of good food?
Second Antagonist on my left side rushes quickly straight down the vertical row, paralleling the tables, and jumps over his buddy, building up good momentum and speed as I leap, kitten-like upon the breakfast table surface, giving me a better advantage and good height to fight a six feet tall man. Im only five feet high in statue as he speeds like a ram ship in my direction then T-view with Teleclairvoyance he swings his right arm for a final blow to my pretty face as I duck and dodge to my left side then I T-flair with Telekinesis and dance to the right back in front of him. I step on my left foot and perform a high kick with my right leg into his ugly face as the guard stumbles backwards and bleeds red, grabbing his broken nose, and falls upon the floor. The audience roars with jungle cat laughter with me.
Third Antagonist is smart, walking calmly down the aisle in my direction on the other side of room while I T-probe with Telepathy reading both his brute force and his strength against my pretty head, admitting thats a good plan for him but I plan to use a slicker plan involving the overhead lights. He marches like a solo bulge and drum corp. Left. Left. Left. Right. Left.  He passes under first set of overhead lights then under second set of lights then under the fourth set of lights and under the sixth set of lights and finally under the target set of lights. Left. Left. Left. Right. Left.
I T-drop with Telekinesis and watch the big heavy round dome of lights magically detach from the ceiling the fall on top of his back muscles. BANG! I sigh with pain.
WHAT IS THIS? Ira voices in his baritone trombone as his two boots rattle both the loose chairs and light tables while the throng of guards part just like the Red Sea for him. I sigh with bad luck.
General Ira. Tom greets with a smirk standing at attention in front of sideway Ira as Ira eye burns the three unconscious bodies then returns his eyeballs at Tom and then looks at me and then stares back at Tom and sings in his baritone tuba. Tom. Then, Ira finger points at me and sings in his baritone tuba. You. Follow me. I nosily inhale and silently exhale with many air molecules while I scurry like a cottontail bunny behind Ira, elevating three biscuits and a carton of milk into both my arms as Tom comes from behind me and hands off my dagger to me.
Ira slams the wood off his private door, ordering and finger pointing at the twin chairs in front of desk. Sit! He roams like a big brown buffalo around the desk, sitting as the mice squeaks(get it).in his chair, inquiring with his tomcat curiosity. What happened? Ira eye burns Tom as I stuff the biscuit into my mouth, watching elegantly Tom sweat like a heater while Ira appears really mad like a hornet that Im got picked upon like a little four-eyed girl as I work my lips with my mouth open chewing the food and.
Tom sniffs his nostrils for fun and talks. Starra was challenged. He eye burns me then he looks at Ira and explains. She accepted the fight. Ya know, General, its a ritual for all rookies.
I know the ritual. I created it. (growls like a beast).three against one, Tom. Those arent good oddseven for me. Ira reprimands as I smirk with a set of crooked lips, ugly that Ira is defending me.
Tom rebuttals. Ya see (finger points at me).Starra can defend herself in any circumstance. Shes unharmed.
Youare lucky shes not in the Medical Ward. For your poor judgment, you and the three unconscious Police Officers are going to personally pay with your currs for the damages Lieutenant Starra caused in the Mess Hall. Dismissed, Ensign! Ira demotes swiftly as Tom stands, dropping his mouth like a hungry shark and exits the closed door as I finish the second biscuit.
KNOCK! KNOCK! General Ira, may I enter it? Lord Dirk whines in his tenor saxophone and accompanies by Viscountess Rita while both wear pretty golden gear of long capes, floppy hats, and long satin gloves. I sigh with golden.
Dirk, come in. Have a seat and join me? Ira motions with his free hand.
I heard about the incidents that occurred this morning. Im always concerned when it involves my prisoners and my guards. I hope you can understand my position. Dirk pretends to care then neck snaps his skull to me and inquires. Are you injured, Lieutenant Starra? I shake my curls sideway since I respect the enemyI mean the noble. Im the commoner sitting in front of my commanding officer because I work for a living since Im not on any nobles list of favorites.at the moment.
You deeds are amazing. Do you possess supernatural powers that Im not aware of Starra? Dirk asks since I do possess T-powers but ya know that alreadyDirk. I sigh with plot.
Brawn, no brains! Need I say more? I word brilliantly, grinning with a silly smile the shoving the biscuit dough between my smiling teeth like a barbarian. I sigh with alien.
Dirk laughs with a nasty timbre and comments. I agree with your assessment, Starra. The intellect overcomes all obstacles. Dirk agrees with me as I twist my lips, ugly chewing the heavy dough. I sigh with surprise.
Militia, afternoon. I quietly sit in the wall corner like a wall flower reading a book, and avoiding Tom and Toms friends as Nat waddles my way, reading his mini-bot, stops then eye burns me. Starra, new orders. He pauses for study rotating his neck muscles around crowded room then eye burns me and commands. Youwill be performing Mistress Duty at the Royal castle for Prince Rann. The pilots snickering sound float quickly into the air vents as I ignore the weird sounds and stand to address my concern with Nat.
What kind of trouble did you cause, Starra. Pilot #1 jokes, grinning with a toothy smile at me.
I take it that this is not an honorific assignment. I wrinkle my forehead, funny and conclude.
Punishment duty when you get punished bad for being very bad. Tom adds then chuckles like a silly clown.
For how long? I ask.
You stay until Rann decides otherwise Tom teases, chuckling.
I sing in my new bass flute music. Stang! Nat reads his mini-bot and.
Nat remarks to the silly soldiers. Stop it, pilots. Starrais not in trouble. Shes requested.
Yeah, right, your mama! Pilot #2 words as the other pilots roar with jungle cat laughter, not me
Ya knowmaybe if youre very good...you be one of Ranns Tom jokes.
Enough, pilots. Nat demands, rotating his neck muscles around the room like that helps with freedom of dumbo-ness. I sigh with moron-ness.
Just teasing her, sir Tom smiles and eye burns me.
Nat orders. Starra, follow me and start the prep of your zipper for Commerce. We leave in five minutes. I nod my curls, once and exit the archway then run into the chest of Nat as he whispers like delicate butterflys wings into my face. Starra, take my advice and dont like anyone call youa mistress. Its not a nice term to use for anyfemale.
Commerce. Ranns castle. Entertainment Room. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 79F. afternoon. I follow behind in my zipper then park behind Nat in my zipper then I follow behind Nat on the tile since he likes to strut.way too fast since it is.way too early in the morning time for me to start jogging as we hit the fourth floor of the Royal castle which is called the Entertainment Room Smirking Ira is there to greetus as I stand beside Nat. Good morning, Commander, Colonel. I eye gleam my face over my right shoulder seeing the empty wall with no other citizen standing against it then neck snap my curls back to Ira as I grin with a toothy smile since my Tele senses ping. Everything is fine. I have gotten promoted to Commander. I sigh with accomplishment.
Wetwo meaning Ira and Nat as I watch and follow their pressed and ironed jackets shake in the wind as we truck down a long quiet and empty hallway then turn left into a big double set of wooden prettily newly painted doors of purple still on the fourth floor. I note like a true warrior that the big room fills with bigger fun for little girls a complete set of various electronic comlens, and comfones with a complete Bar area with Bar stools surrounding the room, six pool tables, three music centers, eight game centers, two dance floors, only one swimming pool thats outside the four sets of French doors along with four gorgeous girls strolling elegantly toward us as Ambassador Ty who runs Planet Agri intros wrong-o. Ladies, this is your new security guard. I eye gleam my freckles over my left shoulder, seeing no citizen standing against the wall then my light bulbs ignite brilliantly that Im the new security guard and.
I grit my toothies and draw in a Southern twang like a growling tigress hoping to piss the girls off so I can return to my adventure novel on Militia watching Tom lose around round at poker. Starra. Nice to meet yall. The really tall dark skin girl swishes her big ass towards me standing over the crown of my curls and.
She talks in a sexy husky alto saxophone. Ournewbodyguard She snorts like a wild boar then mouth spits on the floor right beside my new gray leather boots and challenges. I have brothers and sisters bigger then this child. Ira and the other four bitches roar with jungle cat laughter as I present duck lips, ugly folding my T-shirt over my vest and neck snap my curls at Nat who touches my left forearm and.
Ira kicks in with a light chuckle. Commander Starras more than qualified for thissecurity position. She might appear tiny but she packs a big punch. He nods his skull, once at Nat while Nat just grins at me since Ira references my previous big fight with big man Marquis Tok and my recent fight with three larger than life Militia Police Officers on Planet Sahara. Yeah, baby, I care for myself. 
Butmy new security assignment cares for three female species of the universeya knowgirls are a lot worse than three big bad Militia Guards can ever be because they like to fight with their tongues, not weapons. Since, vocal words are very powerful weapons when used appropriately at your enemy. I sigh with trepidation.
Hi, Im Bab. Welcome to the club. The beautiful blonde tall sexy girl smiles sweetly at me as she extends her hand and I accept it and.
I greet and smile. Thanks, Bab. Then, I continue to stare at the yet unknown tall dark skinned beautiful sexy girl that back steps from folding her meaty arms over my very short top that shows her fitted waist and size 36DD breasts, snarling like an alligator at me and.
She challenges me for a second vocally. So, this little shrimps going to be my bodyguard I could whip her fanny with my pinky finger.
And, too badI cant accept since my T-power would short that height of six feet plus down to about four feet of petiteness as I giggle with a girly twang, pondering that I thought Rita was a threat to my fragile body. I sigh with toil.
What happened to Sid? Bab innocents as she pouts, cute-like her lips staring at Nat like fish food for her kitty-cat claws as I giggle again while Nat turns strawberry-red on his pale face and.
Nat addresses. He has been re-assigned. The third female of carrot-top red hair and bronze skin tromps her sexy tallness beside beautiful blonde tall sexy Bab in her four-inched sandals, smiling and holds her hand to me as I shake it and.
Thats Za who doesnt like for anyone to know her name. Im Eisnice to know ya, Starra. And, Babright beside mecouldnt stop talking about herself and flirting with her IQ at our last security guard. She chuckles in an alto clarinet and hip bumps softly with Bab as Bab pouts, cute-like her lips at us.
Nat claps his hands together softly then firmly orders. Girls, you get acquainted. He tugs my body holding my arm near the archway and instructs. Ifyou need anything Starra, please let me know. I cant think of anything else I need but a new job and.
Im. (look at the girls).a little fussy on my mission. I lie honestly as Nat chuckles like a guy would at my innocent and.
Nat explains. Very simple! Buddy up with girls, play billiards, and swim in the pool, and enjoy yourself, Starra. Rann requires that the girls be monitored during the day and afternoon while he busies with his Royal duties. Every once in a while hell contact one to dine with him for breakfast, bunch, lunch ordinner. He wants the girls to feel important and be assured that they donot wonder solo around his castle and getinto any trouble. He winks his eyelid, right at me as I act more silly and innocent with a slight giggle. I sigh with duty.
Get it! Got it! I dont need to use T-powers because Im the new Royal babysitter as I neck snap my curls to Ira who smiles like the cat that ate the entire forest of red birdies since he has gotten me out of his waypermanently with my new Mistress Duty. Nat and Ira exit together chuckling like a farm turkeys into the hallway as I neck snap my curls at girls then survey the complete Entertainment Room and then returns my eyeballs at the empty archway. I sigh with escape.
Day 76. Entertainment Room. Sunny day. 78F. afternoon. My second day of my permanent job duty after hearing five(yeah, I counted)girly cat fights inside the Entertainment Roomnow I get the namealong with the girly lioness feasts at lunchtime, and the girly dog paddles inside the inviting swimming pool as I observe from the shaded patio. I sigh with jealousy.
I love the bright hot yellow sunshine while I sun bath my golden body then swim inside the warm blue-greenish artificial waters of the pool but cant do that since I personally own two garments thats one of a gray cute uniform on my body now as I sweat under the shaded patio and the second hangs in the closet on Militia thats the gray slip gown. Since, Im commoner and a working citizen because only the nobles and richer commoners enjoy the luxury of the Royal social circle events that include day time parties, night time dinners, and midnight dances during the three day-week and on the two night-weekend. I sigh with un-importance.
I viciously jerk a new book from the new Library in the corner wall intersection with a T-flair of Telekinesis, spying on the felines while frolicking inside the pool water or lounging outside the sun while Wbot brings eight trays of food, calling the girls like a litter of kittens for their fishy meal until their big breasts are full. Then, I take my time and turn to smell, eat, and consume the same fishy food, watching over the fat kittens as my acute 20/15 vision roams around the big Entertainment room then my eyelashes blind in the big bright sun flame then my big IQ notes missing kitten #4. I sigh with intrigue.
Wheres Bab? I shout like a caged barbarian using a touch of T-echo of Telepathy from my comfortable chair that lounges my lazy bee_hind since Im the designated Royal babysitter. And, Ive noted a little too late that one of the little babies is missing from the playroom.
With Rann for lunch Za hollers like in hog contest from the patio lounge chair as feline giggles bombard the air waves, not from me and.
I wrinkle my forehead, ugly and comment without thinking. We (scan dirty dishes)just had lunch. I rudely finger point at Wbot cleaning dirty table and.
Za laughs like a jungle cat and clarifies. We didbut Rann didnt. Feline giggles echo up into the skyline, not from me. Thenmy light bulb brightens clearly as I silently word mistress duty shaking my curls side to side then I plow my face into my new adventure book. I sigh with embarrassment.
Day 77. Royal party. dark blue sky. black clouds. rain. 67F. late afternoon. My third day of Royal babysitting duties bores as I drown in my selfish sorrows with three pints of chocolate milk while biting into the third piece of thick brown meat between my lips while my eyeballs observe the happy and cheery attendees of Ranns Royal party for Ranns Royal mistresses hosted by Royal Rann. I sigh with assholeness.
I flash back mentally in the second time when Rann mentioned me that he wanted to entertain all the citizens throughout the universe in his Royal castle before our upcoming wedding which failed. I flash present today that all kinds of citizens shuffle in and out of Ranns Royal castle all hours of the clock time which includes morning, afternoon, and evening. And, no citizen seem to know these happy and cheery folks, not even Royal Rann so I acquaint you with my new Royal duty as the Royal housekeeper of body trash. I sigh with suspicious.
Whats wrong, Bab? I talk rudely as food particles jump from my lips and fall on my vest then eventually hit the plate or the table or the food and sometimes my boot if my aim is really perfect then I swallow some of the lumpy food, noting with my right eyeball that beautiful tall sexy Bab looks really upsetmust be her shiny wet tears streaming down her Coral-powder painted cheekbones. I sigh with whatever.
I want to play on the pool table but they wont let me. Bab sweetly tattles and rudely finger points at the group of four bad boys in the wall corner while I have noted the same loud rude and obnixously male behavior for the past two hours which bombards my eyeballs and earlobes with loud laughing, heavy drinking, and surly talking. I sigh with annoyance.
I sit my sweaty large glass tumbler of cold chocolate milk upon the Bar counter, eye burning the annoyants.(like that word)I just created it with my IQ. I eye burn the annoyantslike annoying little ants, patting tenderly on beautifully tall sexy Babs sleeveless blouse filled with her size 36DD breasts, talking bravely. O! Really, wait here for a moment, Bab. Ill be right back. I sigh with intrigue.
I gracefully swing my thigh-high boots, first off the Bar stool then I follow as I soldierly stand jerking my gray vest over my short and stomp in my heels to the loud, drunk, and boisterous annoyants. I do note that they occupy all six pool tables inside the Entertainment Room as I princessly pose in front of the first table, bellowing like a pregnant Moo cow at the single loudest annoyant. How many pool tables do you require to play a game, sir?
Annoyant #1 talls at six feet and five inches as he slo mo neck snaps his skull at me, grinning with a set of two front teeth missing then he eye burns his nearest buddy then brings his eyelids back to me and announces just to annoy memore. All of them. Who be you, sugar plum?
I word softly. Castle security. He laughs and creates a chain reaction of many, many laughs from other three annoyants as I impatiently wait for a break in the sea lion drowning laughter and then I announce and animate with my single left finger pads and hand. I believe there are plenty of other toys in the Entertainment Room for yall boys to play with, sir. Why didnt you be a good boy and rotate around the space?
Lead Annoyant rotates his neck muscles around the almost empty space then swishes his big head back to his loud buddies then eye burns me, countering my annoyance. Get better idea (touches my vest)you make me?
I smirk with a set of crooked lips, right and enjoy a new challenge in the boring afternoon, offering more friendly, and grabbing a pool stick from the side wall. How about a game of wits instead?
Lead Annoyant smarts. If I win, I get you. Annoyants laughter flood the floor, not from me.
I counterway too confidently as my five finger pads spin in a completed circle for both visual effects and vocal communication. AndIf I win, I want youand all of your little friends to leave the party and go home to your wives and children.
Lead Annoyant spits his mouth juicy saliva literally inside his right hand, extending the slick paw to me. Deal!
I spit my mouth saliva literally on both my palms then slap them together against his big manly hand. Done deal! Annoyants laughter echo to the rafters, not from me.
I break. Lead Annoyant calls like a little kid as I back step into the wall, cuddling my pool stick into my chest and.
I agree. Gentlemen, first. I watch the colored balls break prettily as the white cue ball chases nothing inside the flat cloth while no billiard balls drop into a pocket hole accidentally, or purposefully.
I step towards the beautiful polished rosewood railing, eye burning a good shottoo lead as Lead Annoyant shouts and draws center stage attention of all Ranns Royal attendees. Call it.
I hold my stick upright, eye burning my opponent and clearly clarify without grinning. Im going to sink all the solid balls in the holes, first then all the stripped balls will follow, second and finally the black eight ball in the left corner pocket to win thegame. Attendees mumble along with some light laughter, not from me.
My pool stick brilliantly collides against the white cue ball then white cue ball bangs against the solid green ball as the green ball hits the right side pocket, landing into the wooden cup. THUMP! The solid red ball follows by a yellow ball with a T-flair of Telekinesis. Yo! Im a Tele, not pool shark.
Finalethe black eight ball center stages upon the green matting inside the polished rosewood Billiards Table as I call with a touch of T-echo of Telepathy for all Ranns Royal attendees. Left corner pocket to win thegame. My stick aims, shoots, and fires the white cue ball into the eight ball as the eight ball ricochets right side then rounds to the left and falls into the left corner pocket for win. I sigh with showoff.
The four Annoyants gather their gear and their guts from the side leather benches, exiting my silver eyeballs, and follows by Iras Police Officers as I arrogantlynawelegantly stroll back to my Bar stool, sitting unladylike on the chair, smirking with a set of crooked lips, right and watch beautiful tall sexy Bab waddle her big ass towards the empty Billiards Table. The Bar man announces up righting an empty small tumbler. Whiskey for the lady?
I upright my right hand holding the alcoholic order, commenting. Naw! Please give me a large tall glass of cold milk andthat. I rudely finger point at the food item at the end of long Bar counter as the sweet breathe of an angel floods my hair root and.
Rann rumbles in his sexy baritone trombone standing behind my shoulder blades. You handled the menace like an accomplished diplomat. I swing my stool around curving my legs into the hollow space so I dont accidentally assault the Royal kneecaps and smile with sweetness and.
I greet. Thanks, Rann. Im honored by your accolade but Id describe it more accurately as an expert pool shark.
Rann laughs with a manly tone, straddling the stool like a horsey saddle next to me as I make a complete sweep of my body around in a circle for his pleasure and his eyesight, smiling like my cheekbones are going to crack open as I stare into his brown eyes and he studies my silver ones and he compliments. Never would have guessed that. Youare not an intimidating person, Commander.
I can make myself intimidating ifI really wanted to. I giggle with a girly twang, flirting with words waiting for the next step. I sigh with fun-ness.
Really? Rann raises his eyebrow, left.
Really! I raise my eyebrow, right as he relaxes his smile, fiddling with the tip of his cold drink and eye burns me.
Rann compliments for a second time. My girls do not find you intimidating. On the contrary, youre very cordial and kind to them. He silently sips on his beverage as I present duck lips, ugly and.
I yelp like a Woof puppy. My girls! I nosily exhale and lecture. Youmake them sound like property instead of individuals. Citizens shouldnt own other citizens for pleasure ortoil.
They are my property. He pauses for beauty then smirks with a set of crooked lips, right and adds to his assets. Iapply the same concept withyou. You aremy property, Commander. I shake my curls side to side and.
I debate finely. Iam not anyones property. You pay me currs to work as your bodyguard. A position that I can quit anytime I desire to. He smiles and.
Rann comments. Ihave never imagined my employment terms asnegotiable. Beauty, brawn, and brains. Ive never met anyone quite like you, Starra. He leans closer into my face and.
I smart-hole. Ya dont get out much, do you Rann? I rotate my neck muscles around the Entertainment Room then eye burn Rann and teach. Therere lots of citizens that share my same viewpoint in this universe.
Rann!? He sings in his baritone trombone music, smiling and braves the query. Do you always show disrespect to your employer? I smirk with a set of crooked lips, right and.
I flirt for fun. Onlywhen I want too He leans his right bicep on the Bar counters coming closer into my face and.
Rann compliments. There are not many citizens who possess your boldness of character or your attitude about life. I giggle with a girly twang and.
I kick in. Im afraid that Ive cornered the market on an attitude larger than a zipper ship. Rann chuckles like a silly clown at my clever statement and.
He advices. Ill not debate your statement. Its one of the strengths that I admire about you, Starra. I smile and thrill with his flirt or his flattery since I hadnt graced his presence landing my new job as Royal babysitter because Rann busies like a bee being the little prince in the universe. 
I flash back mentally in the second time line when King Bartholomew was occupied with his Royal duties, his Royal commitments, and his Royal obligationsnot me. 
I flash present today that Rann busies with his Royal position that is no different and admit that I do enjoy his personal attention and his intellectual conversation this afternoon since the girls arent too quick with their wit, their humor or their small talk leading me to readway too many numerous action and adventure books from the Library while watching them play inside the pool water. I sigh with duty.
I flirt back smiling toothy. I have other strengths that I havent yetemployed.
He smiles leaning his lips into my nose and sweet breathes in my face. Id rather learn your weaknesses.
My weakness! Thats easy. I sweet breathe softly as Rann raises his eyebrow, left then I gracefully swing my face towards the Bar counter and murderously stab my fork into the gooey covered sweet cake, tattling with icing on my pink-painted lips. Chocolate. Rann laughs with a manly tone as I eat my dessert.
Day 78. Entertainment Room. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 80F. afternoon. My fourth day of Royal babysitter duty pains my eardrumsway too much as I hear over and under and around the tile floor for.7 hours, 47 minutes, 28 seconds, 19 micro-seconds.
He loves me. Za shouts loud.
He loves me. Bab shouts louder.
He loves me. Dia shouts loudest.
He loves me. Eis shouts more louder.
He loves me. Za starts all over again as I flip to my left side on the soft sofa, turning to the next page of my new book. I sigh with boredom. 
Day 79. swimming pool. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 81F. afternoon. My fifth day of my imprisonment.nawemployment receives to me nice surprise as Botrenamed from zipper robot called Zbotpresents me with a swim suit. Then, I submerge my fading tanned petite body into the hot steaming pool water, roasting my face, arms, legsand entire body in the hot sunshine until my eardrums hear no more mewing from the kitten so I ponder my new orders from Ira that Im to move into one of the Royal suites to perform my Royal babysitter duties better. I sigh with amusement. 
Day 80. Entertainment Room. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 82F. afternoon. My sixth day entertains with a new test as the Royal body guard(thats me)protecting the whining Royal mistresses, while I burn my skin with the hot sun rays and burn my mind with a new adventure book. I lounge peacefullynawannoyinglyas my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
I jump, kitten-like from the sweaty patio sofa that holds my perspiration from sunbathing, racing like horse inside the cool shaded room, and order like a Commander in flute soprano, Go to your rooms! Lay on the floor under your beds! Stay there until Nat
Za lounges on her tummy inside the long sofa while annoyingly flipping me off along with flipping the remote control devise around the channel stations on the comlen. She orders like the Commander. Dont take orders from baby sea shrimps.
I strut womanly to her as the three other kittens exit the archway, tapping four inched high-heels to their private room. I sing in my new bass flute music. Fine. Then I snarl like an alligator at the lazy Cobra and fairy tale. Stay and get killed, I dont really give adang it tooty fruity dime. I dash like a lizard outside into the sunlight and resume my length-wise sun bathing position on tummy muscles, closing my eyelashes and impatiently wait for my prey as I snigger like a sly weasel and T-probe with Teleclairvoyance, seeing the event clearly inside my active mind.
A big piece of Hunter green fabric(doesnt match the yellow baby duck-patterned patio chairs) detaches from the matching Hunter bushes, moving it stealthy into the green, pink, red, and yellow flora courtyard then it stands soldierly upon the open patio, viewing the black-tinted windows of the Entertainment Room.
I leap, kitten-like from my lounge chair and right single foot kick Green Fabric #1 behind his right knee, assisting nicely his full body into the swimming pool then T-push with Telekinesis his face into the water. SPLASH!
Green Fabric #2 rants incoherent words to me behind my back muscles since I dont bother asking him to repeat them while I gracefully swing my body about facing the fabric and plow my right folded fist into his big ugly inflamed nostrils(behind the fabric)perfectly, grinning with a toothy smile and watching his blood gush upon his face, the fabric, and my right forearm. YUCK! He falls into the swimming pool, second. SPLASH!
Then, my regular eardrums burst with the sonic boom of three ships that visual drop from a blue sky while the Sky Pirates departtoo closely from Rann and Ranns castle. I sigh with fury.
Man, these sky pirates are either very brave lads or very foolish souls as I watch the modified carrier ships blast out of my 20/15 vision and feel the heat of sonic waves from the hyper speeding out of Commerces atmosphere and along Commerces dirt. I duck my body into the manicured grass from the whirling and twirling force winds as patio pebbles and grass blades rock and roll violently from stirred intense air waves. I sigh with revenge.
I jump, kitten-like swinging my body towards the tinted windows of the Entertainment Room viewing the Royal mistresses line up like baby ducklings, watching me as they applaud my performance kinda. I immediately T-sense with Telepathy a set of new intrudersnawRoyal Police Office as Iras little boys and girls that decorate in their neatly pressed and ironed blue uniform that circles with a thick satin yellow sash dash through the doors. Too late! Too little! Too much of me!
the Wall. black outer space. minus 1000F. My zipper and I float like magic chasing the renegade ships towards the Wall. Zoom! Im the lone star in this outer space play as I giggle with a girly twang using a T-flair of Telekinesis banging me and the zipper through the rock wall. I sigh with recklessness.
I T-scan with Teleclairvoyance that the attacks, the raids, and the pirates all come from the asteroid damaged Resort as I accelerate beyond hyper speed with T-speed of Telekinesis, firing my blue maser rays at the caboose ship of trailing pod of two carriers and two zippers, and hope to capture one of the pirates for a long time interrogation.
I growl like a wounded animal and predict. You are mine. I fire and miss the zipper ship then fire a ray and miss the ship for a second time then fire a third ray then miss the zipper for a third time then determine that this pilot is very good. I find this very odd indeed, cocking skull sideways and beep like for the pilot to surrender to me a red warning shot at little caboose ship as seem on my comfone and within my 20/15 vision. Then, I actually fire the red maser shot to slow down the zipper and accurately hit the Wall, missing the zipper on purpose and watch helplessly as the  red beam ricochets off the Wall.
The Wall is a solid mass formation positioned between the two sun-solar systems composed of rock, space debris, and floating crappy trash in the universe while my red bean reverses then taps with a precision one of the many ships, causing an engine to overheat and prettily explode in my face taking out all the pretty ships in a big red, yellow, blue ball of fiery ashes.
Stang! I smart-hole, seeing the hand-sized fragments that remains of the parade of Sky pirates in outer space, feeling the rain of heated metal upon my zipper and raise a T-shield protect my butthole as I reverse outer space direction, zooming my bee_hind back to Ranns castle. I ponder the bombs hidden inside the compartments of the star spaces that I missed with my T-powers. I sigh with caution.
Empty hallway. Ranns castle. I pad my right boot foot then my left boot foot, singing a merry song as I quietly eye burn a big fat obstacle that blocks my intended path back to the Entertainment Room. Ira nosily inhales then violently exhalesmust be sinusesdropping my mouth like a dying fish and orders in his baritone tuba with nice manners. May I have a word with you in my office, Commander?
Stang! I smart-hole. Trouble comes either twice or thrice since I cant keep a math count while slowly trailing behind Ira like a Woof puppy, grinning with a toothy smile and lightly giggle since Ill seek Ranns help on this one. I sigh with favorite girl.
Ira turns to the left under the pretty curved wooden purple archway, sitting nosily in his big padded chair behind the big eight-feet wooden desk as I flip my shorts under my legs, swinging my bee_hind towards the padded chair and hear in baritone tuba. Dont bother sitting in the chair. Ira growls like a wounded animal as I halt my shorts mid-way then soldierly upright with wounded pride, biting my pink tongue and observe that Ira looks, acts, and appears as the same personality type A in each time line maybe he has gained some weight around the middle and a little more balder on his round head.
Ira nags. You have disobeyed orders from me for the last time. I dont understand his statement because I didnt get an order from Ira to fly out and destroy the ships I did this mess-up on my own as my mouth forms the letter O in silence and Ira burns me good. Youre fired. I understand that statement since I feel shock, stunned, hurt, mad, anger, and unemployed. I sigh with regret.
I gracefully pirouette. Girls pirouette. Boy pivot. I gracefully pirouette towards the archway walking upright like a solider without slouching my shoulder blades or crying like a newborn kitten for warm milk and exit the door then swing my body to the left. Ira shouts from his desk. Dont bother collecting your personal items? Theyre located at the Inn.  I gracefully pirouette towards the right towards the exit door and my new home the Inn. I sigh with defeat.
the Inn. rented room. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 85F. afternoon. Waitress jobs a total loss. I slam the door in angry and whine like I stepped my new right leather boot in a fresh pile of Woof dog shit which I didnt since I never see real Woof dogs running around the grounds and look at Bot for failing to wow the Inn manager with my shining personality and stunning good looks but of course the he isa she. Rann does believe inequality for working women. I sigh with depression.
I quietly sit, placing my open palms on my lap like a good Southern belle, and eye burn the clean rug, feeling really depressed and really worried. I have lost my only single very good job with paying currs for food and shelter, acting on my awesome instinct instead of obeying Ira stupid order. Grandma had warned me about this un-healthy teeny boppy behavior as a teen when I lived on Planet EarthwaitI am teen but I do miss my farm, my friends, and my life. I sigh with depression.
Bot, hows the search going for new employment? Or a better question, hows the search going for food since Ive not eaten sinceyesterday. I whine like I really hunger like a newborn kitten wanting warm milk placing my ten finger pads on my face, and wish for another new time line.
Bot stands on the floor like a silver trash can back home on Earth with its blinking red and blue lights inside its belly window then drones. The comlens and the comfones are jammed then split open relaying constant unintelligent chatter. I cannot find a clean space line to inquire about your future employment as zipper pilot, Commander Starra.
Explain? I softly words and feel my growling stomach then I lay on back muscles, closing my eyelashes.
I cannot. Bot drones.
Thats odd. You cannotexplain something. I though all robots all over the galaxy have answers to everything thats especially cannot be explained. Didnt you think thats odd that you cannot explain about the unexplained, Bot? I talk nonsense like an alien from Planet Earth then giggle at my silly statement.
I cannot explain about the unexplained, Commander Starra. Bot drones as I wish my robot would cease calling me that name since it hurts too much inside my heart and my head as I think of missing Rann.
I try something different. Okay. Try and give me a hypothesis of why the space lines are jammed? We can solve it together. Hows that, Bot?
I speculate the intragalactic communications on Commence are being blocked. However, I cannot speculate as to the reason why intragalactic communications on Commence are being blocked Bot drones.
You cannot speculate. Do you need your circuits re-booted or re-bathed or re-oiled or re-something. Because, my metal friend, Im definitely really worried.about me. I giggle since I worry about Bot, too.
I cannot answer that inquiry. Bot drones.
Okay. Can you theorize here, palgimme some common type blockages impacting intragalactic communications on Commerce? I ask. I sigh with frustration.
One blockage type is to schedule multi-citizen usage at multi-times. Bot drones.
Hold that electronic thought. Folks talkway too much on comlens but that shouldnt cause major outage. I decide.
Second blockage type is to schedule sever weather patterns of violent thunder storms with electronic lightning. Bot drones.
I swing my curls to the right then eye burn the open window filled with lots of white fluffy clouds and numerous yellow sun rays. Baby blue skies, hit me again?
Third type is to schedule invasion on Commerce. Bot drones as I leap, kitten-like from the bed.
I yell. Lets go, Bot.
Where are you going, Commander Starra? Bot drones and does not move or blink or wink or exhale as I motion with both hands towards the castle, flipping my body towards door to the zipper on the patio and.
I announce. Were going to rescue Rann.
You are rescuing Prince Rann from whom? Bot machines and does not move, or blink, or wink or exhale.
Pirates!? I answer slamming the door behind me, racing to my zipper.
Royal garage bin. I jet, land, and hear the blaring sirens coupled with the high pitched whistles coming inside the gates of Ranns castle, patting my back muscles victoriously with my swift and brilliant conclusion. I sigh with accuracy.
I skip on boot toes like a little girl to the Royal concrete fifteen foot high gates that surround the castle campus then T-leap like a dead T-rex over the eleven foot concrete gate plus the four-feet of thick barbed wired fence in my formal gray evening gown. I sigh with nuisance.
I deftly land two high-heeled sandals, pulling my dagger from the hidden ribbon and tug at the hemline, cutting two inches off the bottom along with the long train then I gallop like a horse to a new hiding spot. I sigh with spyness.
Ranns castle crawls nosily over the gates and the grounds like insects with all type of Royal Honor Guards, Militia Police Officers, and Sahara Prison Guards since Ira has panicked and the rest of the citizens that arent Iras folks nosily mumble, mutter, moan, groan, grunt, and gallop over the fine Royal floral gardens. I see the kitties quietly huddles behind two Gbots as I calmly stroll to the girls while the first Gbot or Royal guard robot drones then direct points a black maser at my freckles. Halt! Identify yourself!
Dont worry! Im a long time friend of the girls. I grin and greet sweetly.
Stopor you will be wounded! A second Gbot drones and waddles like a sick duck slowly towards me. The Gbot model is seven feet of a slender silver metal like a square popsicle with no head or eyeballs or mouth only a baritone tuba voice box(sounds like Ira)with a thick tree metal limbs of arms and legs and four thick metal finger pads holding each a single red tinted masers. I sigh with annoyance.
I T-shove with Telekinesis elegantlynawannoyingly  the first then second Gbot into the stone wall. Pop! Pop!  The Gbots stall in mid-air, dropping into the pretty purple flowers with a white thick steam flowing out of its vents. You mean like that. I remark, giggling with a girly twang as the girls giggle with me then I neck snap my curls to Za and inquire with kitty-cat curiosity. Is everyone all right?
Mistress Za answerslike always. Were fine. ButRanns trapped inside the castle. You have to hurry, Starra. No one can get inside to rescue him. The pirates are here to kidnap Rann. They will capture and harm him if found.
I believe you, Za. I address, surveying the covered entrances with Royal guards and the uncovered pathways using T-touch of Telepathy.
What are you going to do, Starra? Mistress Dia asks and rings her hands in circles. I sigh with plotness.
I need some type of diversion for entertaining Iras folks so I can sneak into the castle. I wrinkle my forearm, ugly and slo mo my thoughts as Za shuffles from the girls and.
Za offers. Ill create a diversion for you. Get ready to make your move! I eye burn her face then see her back muscles as she runs away from us and calls. Just hurry!
I run my boot toes towards a neatly trimmed green bushes, crouching my dress in the dirt, and hide in a sheath mode then scan my city surroundings, scouting the next hiding space which looks like a big large container that can house a zipper ship as I dash on boots then smash my folded body into the smooth metal container, crouching impatiently. Sniff! Sniff! I seek an odd odor then sniff the container, realizing the odd scent and body pull back from the Royal trash receptacle since I smell the Royal garage. Wonderful. I hope I dont attract bugs, pests, or pirates during my castle wide search for Rann. I sigh with annoyance.
I hear with earlobes a series of screams behind me as Za has caused something wonderful while the Royal Police Officers flee from their unprotected post guarding the castles archway and I honor proudly with a slight smirk. I owe you one, Za.
Royal private chambers. I T-push with Telekinesis the locked door then dash my body upstairs, falling into a dark hallway and cockroach my body into the wall corner. I T-scan with Telepathy viewing the naked inner walls, hallways, and hidden secret passages of Ranns castle and successfully locate Rann on the third floor of his private chamber on the first try(yeah, baby)I T-see with Teleclairvoyance that pirates bang the metal hinges with a set of heavy clubs at Ranns chamber like a bunch of monkeys. I sigh with future fury.
I gallop like a racehorse down the empty hallway gliding into a secret side door on the right then Tele-leap like a dead T-rex upon the fifth step and stomp to the top steps and halt, studying the empty hallway. I T-scan with Telepathy for objects and pirates and conclude clear.
I dart my skinny bee_hind inside the framework, turning the door knob and discover the door knob is locked the T-twist with Telekinesis the door knob again as the door opens and I narrow my eyelashes from the bright sunlight, seeing a fuzzy figure and hear violent sounds with my regular eardrums.
YOU! Rann sings in his sexy baritone trombone music, finger pointing at me then roller balls his pupils way deeply into the rear of his skull as I extend my arms like a Teddy bear hug and smile brightly and.
I sing in flute music. Im here He twists his lips, ugly and.
Rann inquires with his tomcat curiosity. What are you doing here, Starra? He swings his body around and lifts the foot stool from the floor, landing upright upon the accumulated pile of Birch furniture that blocks the private door as I mentally thing that isnt going to work against pirates with clubs.
Im looking for you. I word eye burning the nice sleeping chamber with a big giant comfortable drapesnaw.bedspread as I giggle with a girly twang.
Well, you found me, now, what, Starra? Rann returns back to bending his kneecaps for another piece of furniture. THUP! BANG! THUP! BANG! The expensive wood pops from archway.
I suggestwe hide. I twist my lips, scary and rudely finger point at the closet while Rann roller balls his pupils into his skull, grabbing forcefully my right hand, and pulls me into a new secret door that leads to another hidden passage way inside the interior of the castle. 
I grab the hemline of my waddling evening gown keeping a slow pace with his tapping boots then T-flair with Telekinesis to keep from falling on my pretty face. I brilliantly conclude that I need a bot to keep up with all the secret gray doors and hidden passage ways inside the Royal castle. I sigh with Royal orientation.
Rann leads me down a secret set of stairs. Were descending. I observe.
I know. Rann says.
Were descending to the lower levels. I add.
I know. Rann repeats.
Were descending to the lower levels filled with pirates. I add more.
I know. Rann repeats.
Were descending to the lower levels filled with pirates to fight. I add lots more.
I know. Rann repeats.
This is a stupid plan. I add then Rann suddenly halts and soldierly pivots, grabbing both my shoulders, hugging closetly me into his naked chest as I stare at his taunt muscles, first then his face, second and.
Rann stares studiously into my silver eyeballs, whispers with his warm breathe on my right cheek. The last time I checked I was prince of the universe.
I know. I say.
You are my bodyguard. Rann whispers.
I know. I repeat.
I am familiar with the layout of the castle. Rann explains.
I know. I repeat.
I am leading this expedition. Rann orders.
I know. I repeat.
I am going to get us out this situation. Rann decides.
I know I repeat as Rann swings his body towards the stairs, grabbing my right hand and drags me down to the bottom as I softly whisper. it aint going to work.
Rann questions. Do you have any more questions, Starra? I stumble the last two steps to the hard floor, tangling my gown around my kneecaps and my three-inched high shoes while I halt and unwrap my covered limbs. I sigh with annoyance.
I park my bent body behind Ranns bee_hind, observing the small window into the ship bay filled with a set of working and operating zippers, carriers, and passenger ships then T-probe with Telepathy, noting both pirates and pirates weapons.
Rann carefully opens the metal door and follows by me, marching on bent kneecaps like a cockroach near the wall as I inquire with my kitty-cat curiosity. Where are the weapons?
There are no weapons, Commander. It ispeace time. Rann words and scans the danger surroundings.
I guess someone forget to tell the pirates invading the castle that little tidbit of Intel. I insult, seeing the rear pirate-guy that see us. I sigh with bad luck.
A spray of maser fire and shots murderously zing over my pretty head once, twice then thrice as Rann instinctively jerks me to the hard floor, covering me protectively with his body as I annoy more. I thought they wanted to capture you.
I guess someone forget to tell them that tidbit of Intel, also. Rann boasts into my right eardrum the chuckles like a silly cowboy as I fume with fury and.
I nag. Now, what?
We retreat. Rann words into her eardrum orders.
Retreat? We just came down. I whine like Im trapped in a shoot out with deadly masers because I am.
We just go up the stairwell. Rann issues, standing from my body and violently jerks me into the air waves, sitting me on my wobbly sandals with his hands under my armpits while he examined my body up and down and.
Man, do you really need a bodyguard? I wrinkle my forehead, ugly, cocking my curls sideways then I smart-hole. WHAT?
Your dress! Rann eye burns me from my exposed pink-painted toenails up to my silver eyeballs.
What about the dress? I smart-hole, looking down at my wiggling toes.
I have notedyoure lagging behind. Rann studies as I twist my lips, ugly and.
I command. Then, leave me behind. Im your bodyguard. Ill be the decoy for your escape in one of many unprotected zippers. Rann smashes his eyelids upright and.
Rann sings in his baritone trombone music. NO! He eye burns the pirates and comments. Im not leaving you behind. He eye burns the stairs and orders. Well fight them together. He eye burns my face then drops his face down to my feet.
If I could shorten the length, I would. I remind.
Allow me. Rann smiles with a toothy grin, pulling his dagger from his satin white vest, and holds the deadly weapon in air and command. Spread them.
I beg your pardon. I bark with lots of nasty attitude.
I dont want to nick your long legs. Rann advices.
I re-position my legs apart according as Rann slices a vertical slit down the middle of my gown then a horizontal cut above my kneecapsway too much above kneecaps as I nosily inhale and spit mouth salvia on the floor and yell. You cut it too short. Rann covers my mouth with his left hand and shakes his skull side to side then smiles as he leans into my face and.
No, its not. Rann words then swings his body towards the stairs as I follow and.
I repeat. Yes, its too short. He chuckles and.
Rann words. Theres always a critic in the crowd. He crouches near the wall like a bug moving slowly back toward the steps as I follow and.
I complain. Im not criticizing. Its too short. A spray of maser fire zings over my pretty head once and.
Rann orders. Up we go! He grabs my right hand, jerking me onto the steps behind him as I T-whip with Telekinesis and retrieve a pair of used weapons from the stunned pirates, handing off a sword and a maser to Rann.
I humor. Here, let it never be said that I dont shower you with gifts. I giggle as Rann stares at sword then at the black maser.
He comments preciously. I didnt get you a thing. He chuckles as I giggle and follow him like a Woof puppy. I sigh with danger.
Second floor.  I cautiously climb and follow Rann out the dark passage into the lighted hallway as my Tele sense ping. Everything aint fine.
Rann busies on my right with his three pirates in a sword fight for his life while I gallop to the rescue, jumping back my face against wall as the single angry pirate with a single nasty golden saber slices a blade downward into the air barely missing me while my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
I know that. I whine like Im in a real blood fight use my sword and my Telekinesis, slicing him and his blade neatly in one-half(thats 50%)of his body vertically as his blood his guts and door metal spatter the floor, the ceiling, the wall and on me. Yucko!
Rann finishes his job and his annoying warriors, grabbing my right hand and moves us to the right towards the next side door, quoting famously. Up we go! We climb and exit the lighted hallway as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
I leap, kitten-like to the right, falling my body flat upon the dirty floor as an ugly slurry pirate with am accurate set of green maser weapon shoot rays misses me while I air dodge to my left and avoid the burning wave of death then I roll to face my opponentnawopponents.five snarling pirates that ready their masers at little old me as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine 
I T-shield my body and T-flair with Telekinesis calling their weapons from their hands and jerk the firing masers into a side room around wall corner then I leap, T-rex into the air, presenting my saber and charge at the naked handed pirates, waving both arms and hands back and forth in a side to side motion as their uniforms, their belts, their fingers, and their blood fill the clean walls and flooring while the leftover pirates retreat out of my gray eyesight down the stairs. I muse. Smart guys!
Rann finishes his taskonce again as I slowly pace wiping too much blood and flesh from my ruined dress, calling. I dont really understand why you need a bodyguard, Rann. You did a dog gone good job of elimination without bothering to ask me. I lift and holster a second maser weapon from the dead pirate as Rann laughs with a hardy tone, wiping sweat from his forehead and neck snaps his face to me and.
Rann returns. Maybe, I wanted to see if you could do the job I hired you for. I smirk with a crooked pair of lips, right as he finger points up. Up with go! Im beginning to hate that infamous quote as we exit the doorway and my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
The pirates line the walls like crawling fire ants and then they charge at me while I wave both my arms and hand, twirling twin sabers simultaneously, leaving a dirty garage trail scattered upon the clean hallway then obey the Royal order to climb up another flight of stairs behind Rann. Rann jerks me to the floor, firing his maser over my pretty head as I flip upon my back muscles, offering to my fight partner. Thanks!
Welcome! He extends both his hands, assisting me upright as I swing my saber sideways into a row of advancing pirates and T-shield with Telekinesis then jerk Rann out of an array of yellow and green maser wave as the opposite side of pirates stop then double over and die swiftly. Rann and I march down the hallway to the side door while we cut, nick, slice, dice, and pierce body parts then path to next floor and pant heavy for air molecules as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
Tower Room. The top mostest floor of castle I climb and stomp my tired and achy smelly body inside the curved archway, scanning the dubbed observation room then I flash back mentally in first time line when King Rex convicted, trialed, and sentenced me as an alien from Planet Earth to die by hanging in the gallows.
I circle with naked feet the enclosed Tower Room panting heavy and breathing deeply while noting there are no exits, stairs or secret passages. I sigh with panic.
I halt, eye burning Rann who is the target of capture, assassinationor maybe worse as Rann kneecaps on the floor, chin whipping his face deeply into his throat and breathes heavy while he bleeds even heavier. When your body is ten inches from a moving deadly weapon then your fragile body hurts with a series of pink cuts, blue bruises, red nicks, and pretty gashes. Rann colors red on his legs and arms inside his torn jacket vest along his ripped pants with a nasty geometric diagonal upon his forehead. He is alive since I do a great job of body guarding as I giggle with my silly lame joke.
I scan both physically and medically my own body feeling the big and tiny aches in some places that the sun dont shine, viewing with my eyeballs the minor blue bruises, red scratches, my torn dress and my missing shoes while my naked arms prettily color in a bright pink cuts, orange-red nicks and forming black and blue bruises. I sigh with exhaustion.
I need a plan to save our bee_hinds. Think. Think fast. Think faster.
The light bulb finally brightens as I smile, using my maser ray and quickly outline an eight feet high x eight feet wide x two feet deep geometric shape from the clean shiny glass that forms a single window view inside the tower wall. The glass pops from the home-made frame as it shifts downward at my feet while I T-catch with Telekinesis, levitating the fragile glass onto the tile floor.
Im not worried about Rann watching my magic trick, neck snapping my curls to him as Rann huffs and puffs musically, catching his breathe from the seventh, eighth, and ninth rounds of hand-to-hand pirate to prince fighting. I neck snap my curls at the curved archway and Tele-hear the heavy marching foot falls coming from the elevator below the series of stone steps of approaching pirates pathing towards the Tower Room. I sigh with hurry.
I bird peek over the open ledge, noting the math measures about 150 feet(more or less)to ground zero. Wow! I aint afraid of heights, I hope.
I T-toss with Teleclairvoyance the mental mind question of survival into the metaphysical air waves, hearing with a faint reply Yes. Works for me!
I neck snap my curls at Rann as he shakes his black skull side to side in both fright and disbelief then he slowly stands and holds both palms in the air, commenting like a king No, no and no! Neitherone of us will survive the eminent fall. You have gone loco, Starra.
I believe this is our only option, Rann. I thumb my fist towards the newly opened window, ignoring any other options.
I am the king. I will surrender. Rann demands.
We dont have time for you to surrender. I plead.
I am Rann empties incompletely as pirates yell coming up the last two top stairs, entering quickly and firing while they miss us then fire more shots of blue maser shots at our heads, our folded bodies, and the walls. Rann twists his body towards the archway for a kingly stand-off, holding his sword upright as I grab his left hand, twisting him towards the open window and. 
I yell for fun. Geronimo! I leap, T-rex out the open window, feeling the cool breezes on my sweaty body and blind from the bright sunlight in my eyeballs, drifting peacefully in an un-limited space and time. I woman-pull Rann into my breasts closetly hugging him to me as I extend a T-shield around both of us for love and protection and.
I close my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
We quickly plummet like a shooting star to Commerce as I monitor the fall at 5 MPH slowing our descent upon a green hay pile inside a broken down farm wagon. Works for me! I cradle an unconscious Rann like a child into my body. I sigh with relief.
I gently guide one form of two bodies into the soft hay, folding my kneecaps and hit on naked feet, squatting deeply and then we roll to the side in the green hay like kids at play as I relax and release Rann from my two-armed gripe. Then, I witness a rough pair of red raw hands and arms grab Rann from me. I vault like a rocket out of the hay wagon, brushing strands of yellow hay off my gray damaged dress and out gray messy hair. 
Stop, dont move, lady! An invisible ugly citizen voices in her alto clarinet as I pirouette with an ugly step and view a desperate and unharmed pirate hugging unconscious Rann. I sigh with shock.
Alright! I missed a hiding rebel that grabbed Rann. Give me a break! I cant perform two miracles at the same time but I do love cat fights using my secretive Tele powers. I sigh with fury.
The new female pirate showboats a sharp hand dart at Ranns throat and smiles silly while I T-probe with Telepathy scanning a healthy and deadly dart. The dart is alive and dots with venom from a Sahara sand snake which I remind that one tiny touch of that needle then Rann dies within three seconds as my Tele senses ping.  Everything aint fine. 
I feel a second sneaky pirate lurches behind me since shes too slow and Im too quick. I back jump, kitten-like to my right side, avoiding her offensive movement then body spin to face her and pop her jaw with my right folded fist, knocking her dart needle from her left hand. Then, I plow my left fist into her surprised ugly face, knocking the woman totally unconscious. I sigh with victory.
I body spin at Rann and the pirate while the woman grins and shifts the dart closely to Ranns jugular vein on his neck then warns. Dont move.or the prince is dead. Thats the mostest dumbest understated English sentence in the universe. The prince will die. Not! Theses pirates are not only ugly butstupid. I sigh with wrath.
A flashing light catches my 20/15 vision coming from the left side of Ranns castle, displaying half of a handsome face peeking around the left corner with attached a half arm signaling me to stay put since Ty has the plan and I plan to aid him. I greatly theater-actresslike that wordin my cute piccolo soprano music. Please.dont hurt the prince. Pleasetake me, instead?
WE dont want you. WE want the prince. NOW, move out of my way, lady orhes dead. the female pirate spits her mouth salvia from her lips with she wrinkles her nose really ugly and demands as I whip my palms upright and.
I greatly theater-actress more awesomely. OkayOkay. Iwill move out of the way. Pleasedont hurt the prince. Then, Ty moves like a stalking tiger on fours (palms and kneecaps)and crawls on her blind sidealmost there and he jumps, T-rex upright on his booted feet, wrapping his biceps around her body and.
NO! Pirate screams and plunges the dart into Ranns forearm cutting a deep gash while the needle injects slowly the deadly venom from the glass tube. Red blood gushes brightly in the sun and over Ranns white vest as Ty quickly hugs Rann before he hits the ground, brutally yanking the steel needle out the meaty part of Ranns arm. I sigh with concern.
The female pirate stumbles conveniently to me as I rear my folded fist and punch it into her nose bridge while she beautifully collapses to the grass and whisper. Paybacks great! I sigh with joy.
Rann zombies on the grass in a horizontal position as I kneecap beside Ty while Ira stands over the both us and Bbot or biomedical robot quickly treats with its deftly metal appendages and precision small instruments the wound then drones. I have extracted the snake venom and the contaminated blood from Prince Ranns biological system. However, Prince Rann needs a transfusion immediately if he is to survive this field surgical procedure. Ira huffs musically over my curls and.
Ira repeats. Blood transfusion or hell die, is that what you are saying, Bbot? I bob my curls up and down since Im not an nurse but a Tele with the vocal command, staring at Ranns close eyelids as Ty drags Ranns body into his lap and.
Bbot drones. You are correct. Prince Rann will die without an immediate blood transfusion. Ty rips his shirt from elbow to his wrist bone, preparing for the blood release as I nosily gag turning my head since Im like needles, blood or Ira and.
Ty orders. Take my blood. Ira opens his pressed and ironed Navy blue tunic revealingby gosh.a wet smell white undershirt as I nosily hold my vomit from the smell and.
Ira commands over Tys request. I donor my blood for Rann. Bbot shakes its left metal limb side to side and.
Bbot drones. Neitherone of you are Prince Ranns blood type. I cannot use your blood. Ira stomps boot toes closer to Bbot but kicks the back of my boots as I moan softly and.
Ira shouts and spits mouth salvia as it hits perfectly the grass besides me then I turn my face and nosily gag for a third time before I recover. We dont have time for this theoretical debate, Bbot. Ranns going to die without action. Who has his blood type? Ira shouts at machine while Bbot swings that deadly pointy appendage at me and.
Bbot enlightens the nobles. She has. I drop my mouth like a hungry shark along with Ty. I dont know about this blood transfusion thing since Im usually a very generous personnot today and.
I whine like a baby in my piccolo music. Take Rann to the hospital and get blood from someone else. Ira leans over my curls and.
Ira orders. No time. Prince Rann needs your blood, Commander Starra. Thats a direct order. I fold my T-shirt over my vest and.
I remind. Im not in the Militia, Ira. You cannot order me aroundanymore.
Then, Ill ask nicely for you to donor your blood to save your king. Ira growls like a wounded animal over my curls as I ponder Iras request, making an executive decision and.
I sing in piccolo music. No Im being logicalhereya know, Im the alienhere and I possess alien blood so my alien blood might make Rann sick orworse, kill him since Rosa never answered my numerous outstanding questions. I cannot give my blood to Rann, Ty or Ira I bet because they might die so I wont take that life chance because Rannll survive on Bio receiving treatment from some one else but me as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
Ouch I sing in piccolo music as I swing my curls to my vicious attacker and hum in soft flute. Bbbb The puncture swiftly bleeds from the direct sharp needle administrated into my left arm with a fast acting tranquilizer as I feel weak, tired, and collapse into darkness.
Day 81. the Inn. rented room. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 67F. early morning. I cram a second stolen biscuit into my mouth provided by my deceptive smart Bot from the down stairs long food buffet, pondering my new employment since I have fair skills as any type of space pilot and wonder if Dirk might hire me since he seems to tolerate me in this new time line. I laugh with a boyish tone then talk stupidly. I am desperate. I sigh with fraught.
The private door of my rented room swings wide open then follows by one-at-a-time one Gbot than a second Gbot pose their silver bulk at the archway as I stand quickly in a scary mode while Rann calmly strolls behind them with smiles and chuckles like hes attending a Royal birthday party. I sigh with surprise.
He stops in front of me, greeting really friendly with a smile. Commander Starra, Im sorry for the intrusion but I must speak with you immediately. But first, how are you feeling, princess? I twist my lips, funny and ponder nothing to say as Rann injects, bobbing his skull up and down several times. Im feeling much better myself considering the perilous events ofyesterday at the castle. Butthis impromptu conversation is not about me, its about you, Starra. I want to apology for Ira. Hes sometimes a bit rash with his final decisions. SoI have come to beg for your forgiveness and plead for you to return to your prompt duties as the Royal body guard.
Im shocked, stunned, happy, glad, ecstatic, and totally relieved that I ate a good breakfast as I should negotiate for my currs or a least a kiss but I settle upon two single words that cause my heartache and pain. Iaccept. I smile as Rann bow his waist at me and.
Rann compliments. Thank you for your loyalty. Im also sorry I cannot stay for breakfast. I must return to the castle but I He soldierly pivots and confirms. will see you for lunch in the Entertainment Room. Rann exits first trailing the Gbots like Woof dogs closing the door as I jump upon the bed in circles and scream with celebration. I sigh with true love.
Ranns castle. lunchtime. The four Royal mistresses entertain the bounded and capturednawseated castle staff which consists of me, Ira, Ty, and Rann with their fairy tales of their daring escape and thrilling rescue by Nat and Ira as Nats face turns bright cherry red with embarrassment while Ira grunts words of yes or correct every time the girls cheerlead the mens heroic glorious feats also. I roller ball my pupils deeply into the rear of my curls after each victory clap then painfully endure Ranns left pointy elbow into my right rib cage since I sit between Rann and Ty. I sigh with boredom.
Ladies, thank you for the delightful lunch and charming company. Nat swiftly stands, bowing at his fit waist with respect with a tight lip then quietly exits the Entertainment Room then Rann quickly stands along with Ty between sitting me and nods his skull, once and.
Rann remarks with a sweet smile. Thank you for sharing your exciting adventures with us, ladies. Ill be meeting with the nobles this evening. So, Ill see you for breakfast tomorrow morning. Then, Ira slowly stands, clearing nosily his throat and.
Ira offers with a big grin. My complementsto our fine hostesses for the fine food and the fine tales of your dangerous quest from the ruthless pirates. He moves away from the table, observing the big room. I sigh with jealousy.
Pleassssse! SinceIm permanently silenced with a Royal decree up my ass from asshole Rann about our deadly adventure which took place yesterday inside the big bad castle as four Gbots herd without cow prods the Royal mistresses out their chair towards the archway then into the empty hallway back to their Royal private suites for naptime. I stand upright and slide the chair under the table like a good Southern belle as by Grandma Starbuck then gracefully pirouette and eye burn Ira while Ira eye burns me. Im invited to lunch, baby.
Ira sniffs his nostrils like a bull then grunts like a dying dog and greets with gritted teeth. Welcome back, Commander. I sway my entire body around fat Ira, viewing the archway, seeing Rann beside Ty as Rann folds naked biceps over his vest, nodding his skull, once at me then I swing towards Iras rosy cheekbones, smiling really biggy and.
I sing in piccolo music. Thanks! I grin and giggle like a Southern belle and Ira clears his throat againmust be sinuses and.
Ira informs in his nasty baritone tuba. Your possessions will be movedtomorrow into your suiteonce again inside the Royal castle. If you need anything else He pauses for beauty at me as I bat my eyelashes for fun then he finishes. contact Colonel Nat. Ira dont like me since I saved Ranns life because he dont as Ira slowly performs a 180 degree pivot on his booted heels, bowing at the waist in respect to the king then tromps out the door carrying Rann with him as heavy footpads echo away from me. I sigh with caution.
Ty walks over to me, asking. May I speak with you in private? I glance my curls and eye balls around an empty room except for the table and chairs and comlens and comfones along with the Billiards table since were alone unless one of Ranns spy bots sees us. I sigh with amusement.
Ty smiles and updates. Ranns hosting a dinner party for the nobles. This is the weekly noble contribution to the kingdom. Hed like for you to accompany him to theparty if you didnt have any pre-arranged plans. I grin, giggle and bounce my boot toes while standing at attention like a Royal bodyguard. I sigh with delight.
AndI just have cancelled any pre-arranged planswith my new novelto dine graciously with Rann and talk. Id be most honored to accept Ranns invitation for dinner. I smile as my cheekbones are about to crack open while Ty nods and leaves me to get ready for the party. I sigh with happiness.
Militia. hallway. I rapidly dash from my zipper down the crowded hallway slamming my boot toes and enter my bunk, changing swiftly into my old but slightly fresh smelling gray gown wishing I owned a bottle of perfume along as I tie the satin ribbons on the matching long cape that magically hangs in my closet as I like a pretty dress and I look a pretty girl. I sigh with vanity.
I peek-a-boo and look-see out with my eyeballs before I exit my bunk room for any sign of slow or fast movement in the slightly empty corridor since I dont really feel like being teased by 99.99 percent of the male pilots who happens to be wearing a long formal gown since the last raid eliminated the other females. I nosily tiptoe on my high heels towards the exit steps. I pass my re-programmed Gbot.long story from sneaking around before.and race like a horse down the steps in four-inched heels, baby and pop out onto the concrete land dock.sliding into my zippers docked almost.
Ensign Tom sneers like a junk yard dog then spit moisture on my rear cape fur and proclaims softly into my left eardrum. Whyya sneaking around the station, Starra.or should I sayMistress Starra? I swiftly flip since gracefully doesnt cover it as the cap twirls elegantly in a circle as I quickly pull my dagger and direct point the sharp tip under Toms chin as my cape surrounds my arms and legs beautifully and.
I spit into my right cheekbone prettily. Do not ever call me thattwice, Tom. Tom swallows no salvia quickly back stepping from my blade and I T-probe with Telepathy then connect, link, and Tele to him. Walk back to your bunk and take a long quiet nap, Ensign. I flick my index finger on my left hand to show him the correct direction as Tom eyeballs blink once, twice then thrice and.
Tom sings in tenor saxophone music. Nap. He slowly about faces, leaving my smile and eyesight. I sigh with revenge.
Commerce. Ranns castle. party. I smooth the silk dress down my both my sweaty palms then motion with my right hand for the twin Gbots to open the guarded set of wooden double doors for my grand entrance into the small Dining Room that holds all the nobles and noblettes. I sigh with nervousness.
Starra. Rann voices in his deep sexy baritone trombone behind me as I gracefully pirouette in both gown and cap flowing in a small circle and note his brown biceps flexing against his white vest with matching slacks tucked neatly into his black knee boots with a medium black sash across his naked chest with a few colored pins and one gold medals. I sigh with beauty.
I sing in piccolo music and smile. Rann. Rann extends both his arms as I move closer and he moves closer then we sorta kinda hug like lovers then he step back admiring my body with his eyeballs and.
Rann smiles and compliments. Good evening, you look very stunning, Starra. I love hearing these words spoken from his lips and hope I hear more of themlater in the evening as I smile and.
I word softly. Thank you. Arent you supposed to be inside entertaining the nobles? I dont rudely finger point at the closed door since Im holding both his hands and he holding both my hands and.
Rann leans into my face and whispers. The nobles can wait. Your timings perfect for a grand entrance. Are you ready? I nod my curls, slightly as Rann swings his body to the side and grabs my right arm for my escorted appearance into the room feeling like old times. I sigh with true love.
I sit between Tok and Mar while Rann lounges at the head of the square table while many Wbots serve platters of brown meat, white fish, green and orange vegetables along with white fresh baked bread and red, pink, and green fruit slices in four stages of presentation as I get full but continues to eyeball the round three-tiered chocolate cake that decorates with a snowy white chocolate flowers on the top layer sitting prettily upon the purple clothed Dessert Table. I still have room for one more piece of food chocolatemy favorite food in the universe as I giggle with a girly twang and.
I hear with eardrums the evening chat thats lighted and loaded with tidbits of useless information consisting mostly of trash gossip than more stimulating intellectual conversation that the noble should while I note that Ranns mistresses are more interesting than this bunch of shallow bodies. However, the couple nobles are married, toting their teen children with them to the boring event. I guess time really does fly when ya fall in and out of a space continuum. I sigh with surprise.
I finish the last bite of my medium well steak patiently waiting for the working Wbot to serve me one of the larger slices of chocolate cake it just cut and placed upon small plate while I hear sober and steady Tok subject change, staring at Dirk. I noticed youre selling the old Bonita mansion. He nosily drinks his clear water as his wife pats his hand and.
I dont want it anymore.  Dirk remarks, eating another forkful of food.
No ones going to buy that dilapidated thing. Rita complains.
It might have sentimental valueto someone. Dirk muses and eye gleams at me for .05 seconds then returns his face to Rita while I intrigue and find the old Bonita castle has lots of sentimental value to me.
I ask. Id very much like to buy the old mansion. How much are you selling it for?
One million currs Dirk neck snaps his skull to me with dancing bright green eyes and smiles brightly at the currs of one million which is a lot of money for me. Even if, I sold the rest of the diamond jewelry that I possess along with the out-dated zipper and the new Zbot I couldnt raise one million currs. I sigh with heartache.
One million currs Dirk. Dont you think thats a little high for a piece of worthless property? Tok debates.
Not at all, I want to get my share of the profits out of the old castle. Dirk retorts, grinning with a toothy smile at me.
With that curr price, your castles going to be on the market for a long time. Tok finishes, chuckling then sips his tasteless water.
It is not. I posted the price, yesterday. Ill sell it in two days or itll be demolished. Dirk alerts.
Its your house. Do with it what you like, Dirk? Tok suggests then sips more tasteless water.
One million currs is my asking price. You can take it, or leave it. Whats your answer, Commander Starra? Dirk smirks with a set of crooked lips, right and puts me in my commoner place like a lightning strike since I dontcantor havent a million currs in my account and I cannot raise the sum in two days, either as I eye burn my plate with sadness in my heart at demolishing the old Bonita castle. I sigh with pain.
I inform. Im afraid that amount is out of my price range. Thank you for the information, Lord Dirk. Wbot places a very large piece of chocolate cake covered with the cute white roses from the top tier of the circular dessert in front of me as I smell and see the lovely site of heavenly delight. I sigh with sadness.
Wbot drones. Dessert, Commander Starra.
Im not hungry, feeling sad learning about the fate of the old Bonita castle where I had shared so many memories in that mansion with Rosa, Ann, Dirk, Bot, Rann, Bartholomew, kidnappers, thieves, and other colorful cartoon characters in this galaxy since I consider that old dilapidated house my homehere within the two other time lines. I remember vividly as my harsh reality hits hard being only a commoner, not a noblette while my peripheral vision catches Rann as he shifts from his throne chair, padding slowly behind the nobles, sweet breathing in their faces with light chatting then stops at my right cheekbone, tenderly patting my right bicep and.
Rann sweet breathes. I had this dessert prepared especially for you, Starra. I slightly smile and nod my curls, once and.
I meekly whisper. Thank you. I play with the white flower using my fork prangs smoothing the icing as Rann leans into my right earlobe, touching his soft lips to my right cheekbone and.
Rann whispers like delicate butterflys wings. Is the cake not to you liking, Starra? I dont move an eyelash or feel an emotion and.
I meekly whisper. Yes, very delicious. I mesh the white flowers into the cake part as Rann uprights and moves next to Mar then I gently shove my uneaten plate ahead of me. I sigh with sorrow.
Day 83. gym. midnight. I un-pack my limited possessions and stuff the items into the small two drawers on the small mirrored chest then gracefully pirouette to the great big nice room with my own private terrace and solo entrance into my personal Rose gardens and best of all the assets a locked door knob as I giggle, living the princess life during the day and a thief at night. Rann! I sing in piccolo music and gently lower the hand weight to the carpet as he scouts the burning overhead lights along with the dying dog noises coming from me while popping his skull around the wood. He spots me and smiles, padding to me and.
Rann sings in his sexy baritone trombone music. Starra!? He marches to me wiggling his neck muscles side to side noting the rooms empty except for me and himall alone in the light but I can cut off the light switch then he smiles with tomcat curiosity. You alone And hes dressed in his vest and boot, not fitness shorts. Too bad!
I always enjoy going to the gymnasium during evening hours for a quiet workout. I tattle for a really good reason as he nods skull, once, folding his biceps around his naked chest, watching me show-off lifting the heavy 25 lbs of weight in my left hand, flexing that lean bicep into a hard knot as I wink my eyelash, right at me and.
Rann agrees. Thats a refreshing idea. Maybe, one night I can join you. I lower my arm, resting the aching muscle to the carpet then shift the 30 lbs of weight into my right arm for more show lifting the heavy sucker into the air and hope I dropped it on my cloth sneaker like a fool and.
Joinmeanytime. I flirt, weirdo-like and fling the weight in the air then wink my eyelash, left at Rann as he chuckles like a silly clown and.
He words. Our meeting is fortuitous. I was coming to see you. I have a little gift foryou, Starra. He holds a long horizontal gold box encircled with a gold ribbon in his open palm thats too big for a diamond ring but I can dream(yeah, baby). as I stare.
I love getting gifts especially from Rann, placing the weight on the floor, jerking my face and my left hand at my gift and swiftly untie the pretty box, seeing a curled up very old and very smelly piece of real paper with elegant handwriting, not printed by a bot machine as I slowly unroll and read the first two lines then sum. This is the deed to the Bonita castle owned by Lord Dirk but it hasmy name in place of Dirks. I dont understand. I smash my eyelashes upright and confuse big time.
I purchased the Bonita castle for you. He details, grinning as I drop my mouth like a hungry shark then close it and smile so wide it hurts and.
For me, Im touched and honored by your generous gesture. ButI cant possibly pay you the currs I complain for not getting a good-night kissinstead. I sigh with more gifts.
Starra, I enjoy giving gifts to citizens. I only expect citizens to accept my presents in friendship. Rann remarks with a sweet tone since Im thrilled, overjoyed, speechless, and totally over react with my strong heart instead of my sharp mind. Then, I jump up high being five feet petiteness to his six feet of height and Teddy bear hug Ranns neck, holding him tightly with both my arms affixed to his hot fine body. And, so nice to finally touch his warm and muscular chest since he also smells nice like woody spice and orange citrus. Rann reciprocates, drawing both set of his steel biceps around my waist keeping me from slipping to the floor while pulling me closer to his face for1 second2 seconds3 secondsand.
I pull back from his face and word that careless word. I accept. I jump down from his body, blushing pinky tint between the sweat and grime on my cheekbones from my impromptu act. I sigh with contentment.
Rann comments and chuckles. Im so happy to you see smiling, Starra. Youve seemed so sad for the past two days.
I cup my hands at my waist with his small gift, smiling and acting like a Southern belle as taught by Grandma Starbuck and word. Thank you, again. Im very happy and generously accept your wonderful present. I plan to move into my new home immediately with your permissionof course. I sigh with delight.
He nods his skull, once and invites. Permission grantedbut I hope youll come and visit me after working hours since you wont be living.herewith me. I nod my curls, once right back for that personal invitation and grin and giggle and.
I will. I promise. Rann shifts around me towards the exit as I swings my body with delight and happiness watching his other fine asset leave my eyeballs and.
He calls. Good night, Starra.
I call. Good night, Rann. Im to hype speedy to sleep as I rapidly sprint without T-power only L-power around the entire exercise floor. I sigh with true love.
Day 84. Entertainment Room. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 87F. afternoon. I slowly trot into the Entertainment room late for my Royal babysitting duty. I sigh with exhaustion.
Za guards the double doors with her arms fling over my big breasts as she comments and chuckles. Sleep in, thats not your usual style, Commander. Had a late nightmaybe? I yawn with an ugly facial expression without covering my lips because I dont give a damn about Za, seeking good smelling food and cool drink at the stock refreshment table and.
I entertain herthats my job. Yeaha very late night, Za. Za follows me like a Purr kitten wanting something as I slam open each tray looking for food and.
Za grins and giggles. I bet you did, Commander. She flips her tallness to the other three kittens lounging on the long sofas watching the big comlen then grins and giggles. Girls, we have a new competitor among our mist.
Competitor? Bab stops the comlen and comments.
Competitor? Dai repeats, looking at Eis
Eis repeats. Competitor?
Great. I whisper, pouring fruit juice into my cup then nosily drink it dry then eat a bite of the dry toast, pondering that Rann has attained another kitten for the cat litter box. He shouldve mentioned her last night as I grin and giggle, recalling our lovingly moment as embracing, not talking. I sigh with true love.
She claims to be our friend. Za remarks as I choke down the dry toast, pouring more juice and mentally think that Za has met the new girl already. Ya knowIm the fudging babysitternaw.body guard so I shouldve been introduced to her, first. But, this morning I required lots more sleep from my solo workout last night after Rann left the gym. I sigh with true love.
Who? Bab toots in piccolo soprano.
Who? Dai blows in alto clarinet.
Who? Eis sings in tenor oboe.
She sneaks around at night. Za puzzles as I finish the dry toast, gulping a third cup of fruit juice, twisting my lips, ugly while seeking food from the table and think mentally that the new mistress is breaking the Royal rules already. I probably should tattle this incident to Rann as an excuse to see him this morning. I sigh with true love.
Who? Bab toots, standing with fists on her hips.
Who? Dai blows, plowing her left fist into her right palm.
Whatever! Eis sings in tenor oboe, returning to the comlen.
She enjoys playing games. Za intrigues as I fish a spoonful of scrambled eggs onto the plate thinking mentally that the new girl plays games. I wonder if she plays checkers or chess thatd be nice to have a smart mistress for a change as I compliment Rann on something just to see him this morning. I sigh with true love.
Who, Za? Bab demands.
Who, Za? Dai demands.
Eis doesnt bother to demand. Whatever! Za flips her face and stares at the new girls back muscles.
Starra. Za tattles as Bab neck snaps her face to me and.
Starra! Bab sings in piccolo names and neck snaps to me.
Starra? Dia sings in alto clarinet and sneers like a tigress in at me.
Starra!? Eis laughs her ass off without shifting her eyelashes from the comlen.
Me! I mice squeak, flipping my body at the girls and placing roughly my filled plate of food on the Bar counter before I violently toss it into Zas face, since Im not the new mistress. Hold the comfone! Theres been a great big ugly misunderstandinghere. I sigh with trouble.
I will explain. Za comments and chuckles.
Yeah, explain, Za. Bab neck snaps her face to Za and orders.
Explain, Za. Dia neck snaps her skull to Za and commands.
I want Starra to explain. Eis laughs her ass off without shifting my eyelashes from the comlen as I fold my T-shirt over my vest staring at Za and.
I insist for the truth. Please do, Za. Za finger points at me for drama and.
Za storytells. I saw Rann and Starra last night. I step my right foot towards Za and. 
I order in my flute soprano. Stop right there, Za.
Za storytells more. I saw Rann and Starra last nighttogether in the hallway. I step my left foot towards Za and.
I orders in my alto flute. Dont say anymore, Za? she grins and giggles and.
Za storytells additionally. I saw Rann and Starra last nighttogether in the hallway.at midnight. I step my right foot towards Za and.
I staccato in my new alto oboe. Nomoredata, Za.
Za storytells again. I saw Rann and Starra last nightin the hallwayat midnight, hugging each other. I step my left foot towards Za and.
I shout in my new bass flute. Enough, Za!
Za lies totally while she grins and giggles. I saw Rann and Starra last night in the hallway at midnight hugging and kissing. Bab, Dia and Eis neck snap their skulls at me while growling like beautiful tall sexy tigresses while I stomp my left foot towards Za and. 
Take it back, Za. I yell out of control while Za bends at her knees for my petiteness from her tallness, waving me forward with her two folded fists for the big daily challenge that I accept then I lung, T-rex at her swan throat without kind mercy.
Six feet and one inch of Za falls upon the tile on her back muscles as five feet and one inch of me hits her big chest still clinging my ten finger pads around her swan throat leaving prettily finger nail imprints that colors in pink but are rapidly turning bright crimson red as she tosses her left leg into the air then we roll like logs over and over the tile flooring hanging onto each others throats like a pair of Commerce bats.
I quickly roll onto my back and kick my right leg upright then I T-kick with Telekinesis as 145 pounds of Za goes mid-airborne then comes down faster then Commerces gravity collapsing upon her tummy as I jump, T-rex from the tile and leap like a pond frog upon her back, pinning her tallness to the floor as I woman-pull her right arm behind her right shoulder blade bending it forward towards her black skull as she snorts and snarls in pain. I order. Tell
No! Za sings in flute bass and unsuccessfully struggles out of my Tele-hold then puffs musically between her breathes and.
Tell the truth. I demand, panting heavy from my Tele-hold on her.
No! Za sings in flute alto between flinging one arm and two feet at me.
Broke her arm, Starra, Dia cheers with a nasty alto then laughs, standing and watching away from the fight near the comlen.
Dont hurt her, Starra? Bab pleads with a kind soprano standing beside Dia.
Eis encourages in tenor song. I love cat fights. Go Starra, go! I sigh with annoyance.
STARRA! Rann sings in a new baritone tuba as I neck snap my curls to the new annoying sound, seeing Ira, Rann and a huge folded fist within my gray eyes then I feel a connection of five hard knuckles to my right cheek bone. I feel an immediate sensation of falling backwards from a physical impact of a powerful punch and feel the smooth connection of a cold floor to my hard skull then I feel an intense painthen dizzythen weak. I close my eyelashes into darkness.
Day 84. private chamber. afternoon. I blink open my eyelashes once, twice then thrice and see Rann who grins and greets in his sexy baritone trombone. Hello, its about time youve awoken. I slowly upright my upper body, scouting with eyeballs the room and recognize my private chamber then slowly spin my face to eye burn Rann and he inquires with concern and a big screwed up eyebrows, ugly. How are you feeling, Starra? Youve have a rough time. 
Fine. I meekly staccato, collecting my mental thoughts and English sentences for better communicate as Rann seats inside the oversized chair next to me while I lay vertically in the bed with a bed sheet, one blanket, and a purple bed spread over me. I sigh with delight.
Rann leans over my body touching gently the right side of my face with his three finger pads and inquires with his tomcat curiosity. Youre completely healed. Amazing! Ive never seem a citizen heal so quickly. Hows this possible, Starra? I sigh with concern.
What happened to me? I subject change, neck snap my face to the left wall, avoiding his eyes and view a set of new clothes inside the partially opened closet since I dont wanna address that particular question which leads to other questions about my swift healing abilities and my out of this world origins. I sigh with fear.
Rann chuckles and comments into my right eardrum. Ira, Tom, and I entered the Entertainment Room just about the time you had pinned Mistress Za down to the tile, holding her arm in a nasty grind lock. It was obvious to me that youre not going to break it. But, I yelled to get your attention which was meant for you to release Zas arm. Ira and Tom dashed to your position to untangle the fight with Tom in the lead. Just as I shouted your name, you looked up then Tom belted you in the face. Ira wrestled him to the floor, of course but you were knocked completely unconscious. I carried youhere while Bbot declared you fit and healthy with a slight brain concession and a light abrasion upon your face. You have been in your room sinceyesterday afternoon sleeping
Yesterday! I mice squeak and turn to view Rann. I sigh with amazement.
Tom has been punished for his rash behavior. Hes demoted to the rank of Private by Ira. Ias kingof coursehad ordered to hang Tom in the gallows but Ira thought that too harsh of an act. Rann comments and chuckles while I grin and giggle, not bobbing my aching head and.
I agree, smiling at Rann. I sigh with true love.
Rann words with deep mystery while bobbing his skull up and down several time like a pony. Thereve been lotsof new Royal decisions conducted since your unexpected demise by the noble committee. The girls are gone. He nosily exhales then silently inhales with a set of straight pin lips and.
I sing in piccolo music. Gone! I sigh with delight.
The fight prompted an immediate investigation. Za confessed to me that she was lying. She did not mean to cause you any harm, Starra. She was jealous. Za saw us the other night and believed something else was taking place. Anyhowthe girls are gone. They went home to their families. Rann explains.
I am so sorry. I lie honestly, smirking with a slightly crooked lips, left so Rann cant see that my evil facial expression as he nods his skull, once, grinning and.
Rann confesses. Its not your fault, Starra. Its better for me. The noble committee has issued another decreeIamto be married. I drop my mouth open like a hungry shark then close it and smile and.
I missed a lot of new edits. Youaregetting married. I slo mo the sentence as my curls buzzes with those fantastic words that I want to hear in my right eardrum. I sigh with true love.
Im going to be getting married. Rann comments and chuckles tossing in a slight head nod as I absorb those words for a second time without the bellsnaw.buzz of bees making honey. I sigh with true love.
Wow! Thats quick. Youre getting married? Whos the lucky girl? I want it to be me.
The noble committee wants me to select a lady with grace, sophistication, intelligence, and beauty to rule beside me as Princess of the Universe. Rann doesnt tattle. I sigh with true love.
Those are very good princess qualities. I dont care about nounsjust marry me.
Im going to pick someone very special to be my wife. Rann smiles and eye burns me. I sigh with true love.
You should. I agree totally that the girl is me.
I dont know if I should ask you this considering youve been unconscious for the past two days. Rann puzzles as I hear the wrong words and.
Past two days.., feeling totally refreshed for our wedding.
Im afraid so. Rann confirms.
Ask me, what, Rann? I get back to the marriage question, smiling biggy. I sigh with true love.
Well, I want Rann starts.
Yes, Rann. I grin and giggle. I sigh with true love.
I want you Rann tortures me.
Yes, Rann. I grin and giggle. I sigh with true love.
I want you to Rann torments me more.
Yes, Rann. I grin and giggle. I sigh with true love.
I want you to be Rann is almost there.
Yes, Rann. I accept. I promise to be a good princess. I sigh with true love.
Rann uprights his torso inside the chair, smiling and clapping his hands to his pants and sings in baritone trombone music. Good! He pauses for beauty and proposes. I want you to be my bodyguard.again. I T-jerk with Telekinesis my partial vertical body upon my kneecaps in the bed and.
I smart-hole. WHAT? Rann smiles and.
Rann comments and chuckles. Not my personal bodyguardbut my protection for the princess. I mean.the Princess Candidates. He still smiles as I present with a set of duck lips that are really ugly along with the mouth spit from my previous vocal comment as I eye burn the blanket then wipe spit from my lips and nose and.
I confuse., totally in my mind, body, and heart as I hear the real truth.
The noble committee has created a Princess Selection Committee. Theyre selecting and interviewing females across the universe to be candidates for my new bride. Rann dumps as I narrow my eyelashes readying a kill on a couple of the nobles that I dont like and.
I see. I staccato in soprano flute music.
I want you to be their protector. You handled yourself with dignity and respect with my mistresses. Youre the perfect bodyguard for my new Princess. Of course, your duty will not end with my new Princess but also our children of the prince and princess. Rann dumps.
I see. I staccato in alto flute music.
I hope youre very proud of your work. I am. The best news is that youre going to pretendya understand.fake it as one of the selected Princess Candidate. Rann informs with happiness and glee.
I notsee. I staccato in tenor flute music.
Rann updates with a smiling face. Ira felt your personal guard duties could be performed better if youwere one of them. Youll be announced in the Princess Selection Process and addressed as Lady Starra. Youll be provided with the appropriate wardrobewhich is in your closetover there(points at the gowns)and you are required to attend all the social events to protect and guard the Princess Candidates.
I not still see. I staccato in bass flute music as Bot enters the heated room carrying a steamy tray of food while Rann stands and smiles.
Rann enlightens. Your lunch is here. I must leave. Well chat about your new dutieslater. He gingerly touches my right forearm and finishes. Enjoy your afternoon.Lady Starra. He comments and chuckles then bows at his waist to me for some stupid-ass reason as I watch Rann exit my room while Bot closes the door. I sigh with true truth.
I whine like Im single with no date to the Prom because I am. Lady Starra. is the Royal bodyguardnawthe Royal nanny for the rest of my life. I sigh with great disappointment.
I plop my bee_hind onto the satin pillow as Bot gently places the four-legged tray across the sheets and bed blanket, lifting the hooded lid and displays the fresh steamy food items as the dark chocolate calls to me. I quickly lift the fork and murderously plunge the sharp deadly weapon into the sinful dessert, eating the entire dessert in three huge bites, and hope I get really sick and throw puke green vomit upon the Princess Candidates or.have great aim at least on one of Ranns shiny boots. I spit cake particles from my open lips and princessly demand. Bot.another three pieces of chocolate cake.
Bot faithfully floats the bed frame and hovers steady along the mattress and drones with empty teacup eyeballs at the plate. Lady Starra, you have not finished your nutritious entre of meat, vegetables and fruit
Bring me another piece of cake.NOW, boy I bitterly sting like an Agri bee as Bot flies his metal can backwards out the archway.
Day 1. Princess Candidate. Auditorium. dark blue sky. white clouds. full moon. 67F. evening. I feel like a step and one-half princess in my color-coded matching wardrobe of Princess poopy Candidates since tonights theme pin wheel of color is candy-my-ass pink. I sigh with embarrassment.
The candy pink slip dress wears a two feet trainnawI drag a two feet train behind my ass with that matches the prettily arm bouquet of pink rosebuds that cut into my left forearm since some asshole forget to trim three of the roses green pointy thorns but dont worry my skin eat them. Ty occupies the right arm like a true gentleman while a pink-diamond tiara glues to my curls and pink-diamonds cover my earlobes, throat, and tight leather belt from too much chocolate around my waist. And, little cutie tiny pink-diamonds line across the single strip of my three-inched sandals on my ten achy toe bones. I sigh with exasperation.
Each Princess Candidate can talk, mingle, and eat with one or many citizens but only dance and walk with her assigned escort as the Royal decree includes me the Pretend Princess Candidate or PPC(yeah, baby)..as the really real bodyguard(man, I still dont get it).
How old are these girls? I whisper to Tys face. I sigh with frustration.
I can tell you this, Starra. Each one of them graduated Uni last week for good behavior and favored for the Royal marriage. Ty comments and chuckles into my right eardrum.
Stang! I whisper like delicate butterflys wings as Ty leans into my eardrum like hes going to kiss me and.
Ty fatherly lectures instead. Starra, you should not ever use that word. Its very inappropriate for a Princess Candidate.
Double stang! I smile at Ty as he roller ball his pupils deeply into the rear of his skull. I sigh with cuteness.
The Master of Ceremonies greets in his tenor saxophone via the comfone on the comlen while the rest of the galaxy watches from the Living Room in their house eating their meal. Welcome nobles, ladies, gentlemen, and children to the first party for Prince Ranns selection of his Princess of the Universe. Without further delay, allow me to introduce the first lovely lady of the evening, she hails from the noble space station of Militia. She is the daughter of General Ira and Generalette Mar. Please welcome, Princess Candidate Lady Kia. The audience kindly cheers and softly claps as Lady Kia accidentally stumbles on Iras arm into the middle of the auditorium while the Master of Ceremonies timbre. Our next Royal daughter comes from the planet of Resort home of Marquis Tok and Marquise Lee. May I present to you, Princess Candidate Lady Tia. The audience claps and he continues. The next Princess Candidate is the daughter of deceased Viscountess Toi and her loving husband Viscount Lad whose is pleasantly named Mia
Then, I am crowned.nawcalled to walk and stand beside Lad as I humorously remember the new set of nicknames assigned to us by some of more colorful asinine silly citizens that includes the Academia for Kia; the Tease for Tia; the Beast for Mia, and the Beauty for me while four girls vie viciously for the priceless pretty princess(like the p words).bride title with an underground curr betting pool thats up too 245,000 triangles. Im least favored with 1 to 13 odds so Im not betting my hard working currs on me. I sigh with displeasure.
Day 2. Princess Class. morning. I avoid my Princess Candidate duty by sleeping in.until lunchtime since Ive ordered Bot to awaken my lazy princess bee_hind when the delicious princess food arrives and not before as the door creaks open while my eyelashes stay shut and.
Bot drones. Halt! You did not have permission to enter Lady Starras room. Then, the overhead lights click on along with the big window of bright sunshine as I decide that Bots a poor choice of watch dog to allow an invader into my room so tomorrow, Ill assign Bot a lethal weapon for my princessly protectionor at least guard my resting princess time period. I sigh with annoyance.
Strange robot drones rights its ting of metal beside my right eardrum. Lady Starra is tardy for her lesson which started fifteen minutes, ago. I cant stand the suspense darting my torso upright while blinking my eyelashes once, twice then thrice as the robot wears a purple sequined apron over its silver cylinder body and a pair of long white mesh gloves over its silver metal limbs then I roar with jungle cat laughter and.
I inquire with kitty-cat curiosity. What are you?
It drones. Qbotor etiquette robot at your service, Lady Starra. Your presence is required in the classroom. I shake my curls side to side and.
I sing in flute music. Classroom? I sigh with curiosity.
Princess classes are located on the sixth floor for todays lessons. Qbot drones which doesnt excite my bones or my brain cells as I shake my curls side to side and.
I guess I missed the memo. I toss the blanket over my head and orders like a princess. Re-schedule? Im only aprincess candidate since this is the closest that Im getting to the Crown and I plan to use and abuse that honor until Ranns wedding day without me in that wedding dress. So, Qbot go very, very far away..
These are commanding order from Prince Rann. Qbot drones as I shift around inside the dark blanket and.
I sing in piccolo music. Stang! I burn my cool set of invisible tiny fireballs into Qbot but it doesnt melt so I guess I dont possess that cool super-power as Qbot flies backwards from the bed frame. I grin, giggle, and guess I found that magic word and.
Lady Starra did not use that verb. Qbot drones as I have learned that its a verb, not a noun and.
I meant to saydouble stang. A verb to do whatexactly.
Lady Starra, stop saying that word. Get dressed! Or I will report you to Prince Rann. Qbot drones.
I sing in flute music. Fine! I flip the covers off my body and co-operate. Give me fiveno tennomake it fifteen minutes to change into my appropriate attire and I will attend princess class. I watch with my right eyeball as Qbot flies ass-backwards out of my room as I shake my curls side to side with that physics feat then stomp naked feet to the closet. Bot hands off the pretty frock with a million fancy tiny bows and ribbons and sequins on the light layers of fluffy tulle that covers my entire body along with donning my girly weaponsgottatiara, fan, and gloves. I slowly waddle down the empty hallway like a purple pregnant Moo cow to the single elevator, pressing the button for the sixth floor. I sigh with frustration.
I waddle off the elevator into door number threesurprisePrincess Candidates prettily sit on fluffy tulle at the purple clothed tables, holding their tea cups wearing their purple gloves to their elbows, smiling silly at me. I sigh with dread.
I annoy at the archway. I thought this was a real class.
This is tea etiquette class. Qbot drones. I sigh with surrender.
Part of being selected the Princess of the Universe she must be well mannered, well groomed, and well educated since the kiddies and I are required to attendpay attention, yallclasses for etiquette that includes but is not limited to tea sipping, table sitting, chair sitting, voice mewing, noble name callingnawprincess name callingnawRann name calling.so true for the Royalty lessons of addressing His Highnessproperly. I sigh with irritation.
Then, I foreverly take lots of dance classes from ballet to ballroom dancing to tap to yoga. I sigh with pain.
Then, my princess activities dont end with the above list as I play along with the younglings in the fine arts of bow and arrow archery, strategy of card games, Chess, and Billiards while I exercise in the sports of swimming, running, an obstacle course, and aerobics. I sigh with more pain.
Ive never worked so long and so hard for so much in my short life of seventeen years (Earth time)since. Iam getting to fat and too old to do this princess stuff. So, Ive got to find another job with less leg movement and more fanny-resting. I sigh with soreness.
Day 4. swimming pool. blue sky. no clouds. yellow sun. 87F. hot sizzling afternoon. I feel the hot sun burning my strong back, loving the sunshine and feeling re-freshed, and re-energized as an angel attacks from heaven over my smooth hips and.
I believe youre burning, Starra. May I apply lotion? Rann voices in his sexy baritone trombone as I smile with surprise without moving or opening my closed eyelashes.
Im not burning. I debate.
Youre a little pinker than normal. Rann disagrees as I feel his strong finger pads firmly touch my bare back smoothing the cool sun tan lotion over my burning hot body and he inquires with his tomcat curiosity. Why arent you at the spa with the other girls?
You meanhaving folks touch, probe, and poke ya in places that the sun dont see. I dont like stranger folks touching me. No thanks kindly, sir. I express as Rann rubs the cold lotion upon my back then firmly massages with his ten strong finger pads as I moan with delight. That feels good, so relaxing. He chuckles like a silly clown and.
Rann sings in baritone trombone music. Folks!?
I cover. Bonita term.
Thanks kindly, Starra. Rann comments and chuckles. Ty mentioned to me that youre exempted from the princess etiquette classes since you exhibit grace and pose. What are you doing to occupy your time?
Reading, sunbathing, eating andsunbathing, I grin and giggle without moving as his hands roam over my back with more cool lotion.
Good qualities for you but it is a bad influence on the Princess Candidates. Rann reprimands.
WHAT!? I smart-hole, flipping to my right side and view his suntanned face, noticing that Im not the only one who enjoys the pool and bright hot sunshine since Rann looks very handsome and very peaceful during this new time line as I remind. My jobs to guard the girls, not answer silly questions about utensils. Whats the tiny shrimp fork used for? Duh! For shrimp I mock, funny since I cant recall the princess that asked that stupid question during princess table manners lecture with Qbot as Rann chuckles then I sting like an Agri bee. I swear Rann. Where did you get these little girls from? Doesnt the High School graduate youngsters with table manners, classical literature, articulate grammar, dance routines, math skills?
Watch it, Starra. Rann warns.
You have to admit that the Princess Candidates are a little young even.for you. How old are you, anyways? I puzzle.
Were the same age, Starra. Rann comments and chuckles at me since Rann might be very surprised at my age and my origins. Im tempted to ask Rann his age but fearful that it might highlight another new interest that I cant converse about and it might lead to me being discovered as an alien, too.
I have deducted that these citizens age quicker here therefore Rann is older in years than I. So, if my guessed calculations are correct then Im closer in age to the young graduates of Uni. I sigh with youth.
I think I have just been insulted. I comment and chuckle, turning my face back into the wet towel for my sun tanning on my bee_hind because I like for Rann to see what hes going to miss be marrying another princess candidate.
Rann orders. Ty has exempted all your academic classes but I want you to take the Royal etiquette class with the girls. Youre a role model for them and the future female citizens of the universe to admire. The girls, also enjoy imitating you whether I like itor not.
What for? I smart-hole.
Exactly! Rann stands and doesnt smile.
O! Dont need a class for that. I playfully mock as Rann leans over into my face and.
Rann whispers like delicate butterflys wings. Ya need an attitude adjustment but I dont have time to teach you that, princess. I grin and giggle as Rann uprights and yells at me. You must learn to respect the Crown, Lady Starra. You can begin by referring to me by my proper title Prince Rann at least in front of the girls.
Fine! I sing in flute music as I hear the clearing of throat muscles then I re-word. Yes, Your Highness. Im not going to like doing this favorite for him along with the other favorites I have suppliedfree of charge.
Dont stay out long by the pool? The party starts in two hours. Rann quickly strolls his boots towards patio doors.
Fine I sing in flute music as Rann turns to view me for a second time and then I yell. Yes, Your Highness.
Day 5. auditorium. Princess Class, afternoon. My last day of Royal etiquette class and let me tell you it has been fun and games so far. Not! I elegantly saunter from the solo archway to my assigned seat in big auditorium, wearing a design of black sequins, plunging V-neckline in the front of my chest and in the back down to my hips with an attaching sweep train of three feet(yeah, baby). I decorate with sparkling diamonds from skull to toe starting with a half pointy moon things of a diamond tiara in my folded silver hair, a stunning V-shaped diamond neckline around my neck and four-inched heeled black enclosed pumps as the entire clothing assemble gives me the illusion of a tall fashion model which I aint. I sigh with loveliness.
All the Princess Candidates dresses in their black sequins and shiny diamonds for the color-coded theme of this Royal etiquette class. Side bar, I do keep the fine jewelry and all the gown dresses since Ill be wearing one of them to the official Royal Wedding and Reception for the lucky girl chosen the Princess of the Universe  since it aint going to be me. I sigh with disappointment.
Ladies, good afternoon, today we will teach Qbot drones since its my most favorite robot in the universe while being quiet annoying and bossy within its internal bot programming. I bet Rann programmed it just to frustrate me and Im very good at bot programmingmaybe I might try my hand.nawtwo finger pads at that sabotage thingytonight. I sigh with deceit.
You each will practice your new dance steps in your gowns with your tiaras for the upcoming  Qbot drones as I slowly stand for the fully undivided 100% attention while placing manicured pink-painted nails on the tight waistband and inhale deeply and.
I call in my flute music. Hold the comfone! Weve been dancing in silk pajamas and head gear since day one of Princess Training Camp. Qbot flies sideways at me, hovering in front of my freckles and.
This is not a princess training camp, Lady Starra. Qbot drones.
Fooled me. I wise crack.
You are correct in your short sighted assessment, Lady Starra. You have been wearing elegant silk gowns and jeweled tiaras. But, todays lesson is different. Qbot drones.
How? I snort like a wild boar, twisting my lips, funny then like magic, not Tele-magic, either his deep sexy baritone trombone rumbles in air waves.
Iwill be your dance partner. Rann manly struts from behind the auditorium stage. I sigh with annoyance.
Told ya! This guys doing these magic moments to me on purpose to watch my reactions and then lecture me afterwards. I need a new job. I sigh with frustration.
Then, I see that the Princess Candidates go soft and mushy with their physical facial expressions and invisible mental emotions(Telepathy, baby).when Rann enters the auditorium since one of them is going to be married to the most desirable man in the universe besides being Princess for life. I sigh with great deal.
I flash back mentally in the second time line when Rann saved me from the fires then proposed marriage to me inside the cute room decorated with billions rose petals. Then, Dirk ruined my love moment by escaping from his prison cell on Sahara and insulted me by trying to kill me on my own Wedding platform at the Game Stadium before I could say I do. I got really mad and chased then wrecked the zipper. I flash present that another lucky gal is going to marry my guy.
Good afternoon, Princesses! Rann greets and grins, bowing at his waist in respect of all the princess candidates as I re-seat my bee_hind in my assigned seat and watch without my parto f the lip drool and.
Prince Rann. Mia swiftly stands then perform an elegant curtsey at her ankles then uprights and smiles while extending her right hand to Rann as he gingerly touches her right hand and elbow with more respect and.
 Rann proclaims in his sexy baritone. Mia, you are looking beautiful, today. Im going to be sick. I sigh with envy.
Rann two-steps right down the horizontal row while Kia swiftly stands then performs a proper curtsey like taught in Princess Camp, tossing her gloved black hand in the air for Rann to touch then offers. Your Majesty, how are you doing today?
Rann swoons. I see your Mothers beauty in your eyes, Kia. Some bot bring me a bucket, quickly since Im going to hurl on the clean dance floor. I sigh with jealousy.
Rann scoots his boot toes along to the next girl. Sire, welcome to our class. Tia expresses sweetly smirking with a slight curtsey at kneecaps while shaking Ranns right handthats a unique female talent I cant do. And Tia doesnt openly flaunt her pretty assets at Rann just like her father Tok with those personality traits of straight and direct with actions.
Rann remarks with a slight nod and a friendly smile. Tia, thank you for the warm reception. OkayIm not going to vomit since I changed my mind. I sigh with respect.
I wiggly my bee_hind deeper into the padded chair that comforts my back bones and neck snap my curls towards the archway on my right since Im not planning to stand, curtsey, and kiss his hand, his foot.or his? Get the Royal foto. Im the Royal body guard, not the Royal toilet cleaner as Rann approaches directly at me on his swift boots then deeply leans his face and torso into my freckles and.
Rann sweet breathes softly. Starra, good afternoon! He smiles with a wickedly grin then forcefully grabs my right glove holding my five finger pads then powerfully man-jerks me to both my sandaled feet. I swiftly stand, cringing painfully within my hand, forearm, and mind hoping that Rann has a good reason for doing that because if he hurts me twice then Ranns going to land violently upon his Royal backside directly at the floor as he words mysteriously into my left eardrum since my face twists to the right with an ugly set of lips. Kind of you to accept.
Accept I surly swish between my pink-painted lips as Rann neck snap his skull to the bot and announces. Qbot, Lady Starrawill be my dance partner for todays lesson.
Dance... I surly swish between my pink-painted lips as Rann nods his skull, once to Qbot then man-pulls me toward his chest as I swiftly grab the hemline of my black dress train before I trip and fall into Ranns muscles instead of breaking his Royal nostrils which isnt a bad idea at the moment for annoying the shit out of me. We elegantly stroll side by side like a pair of fluttering butterflies into the middle of the dance floor. I sigh with angry.
I mentally think that I can dance since I boogie all the time at all the parties with all the male citizens since the first alien time line because I dont need a dance lesson and dont need this dance embarrassment. I eye gleam over my right shoulder at true faces of the Princess Candidates, seeing that Tia bores while Mia jealousies and Kia observes. I sigh with interest.
Rann gently swings me around his posed body in a 360 circle for some stupid reason as I elegantly stomp on my high-heels for show like a prancing pony around the corral railing then he suddenly halts my movement by gently touching my waist and pulling me into his naked chest as he smiles into my face for1 second2 seconds3 seconds. He swiftly wraps his right hand around my waist dragging me closer to his pink lips then quickly shifts his left grabbing and lifting my right hand into an arch for our dance number then he questions with his tomcat curiosity. Are you familiar with the Tango, Starra?
I eye burn his dancing brown pupils and smart-hole into his face. Of course, I am. Ive been dancing since a young child on Planet Earth learning from both Ming and Maritza as my personal dance instructors, school tutors, andfamily members teaching me numerous dance steps along with traditional dance routines including Tango, Rumba, Polka, Samba, Two-step, Tap, Ballet, Jazz and a Waltz as Rann man-pulls me closer to his face, smiling. 
Very good! Rann whispers like delicate butterflys wings then wraps his right arm completing around my both shoulders, embracing me with a firm but steady man-gripe since Im dancing, not flirting, yall.
The Tango dance steps require a very close body contact as the couple moves in a unison direction with their feet while forcing their together body motions in a series of small twirls, leaps then pose and finally, the famous dip as I giggle with a girl twang while Rann enjoys being a king but he also enjoys dancing.
Obot, play. Rann orders with a soft timbre since all the robots are programmed to follow his baritone trombone music and immediately Obot ororchestra robot tunes the fanfare sequence  with a set of high trumpets and then repeats the fanfare for our first steps.
Rann gracefully swings his body with and around me as I elegantly sways my hips around him as we both move round and round the open room in the characteristic dotted long stride that match our foot rhythm that covers half of the dance floor then he suddenly stops along with me since I know how to Tango and we pose like Greek god and goddess statues with our bodies upright and faces staring into each other eyeballs as we sweet breathe in each other nostrils. Rann whispers like delicate butterflys wings into my face. You dance like an angel, Starra. I do not smile, snarl, or acknowledge and.
I say. Ditto! Rann chuckles like a silly clown then lifts me from the floor as our bodies swing to the left like magic while I fly like an eagle in the air from his strong set of twin steel biceps then he lands me on his left side into a forward couple spin rotating for two rotations then we dance backwards and he twirls me to the left then he suddenly halts along with me and we pose for a second time with the music.
You look stunning, Starra. Rann flirts as I do not smile, snarl, or acknowledge and.
Ditto! I say while he chuckles then lifts my body into the air on his right side settling me gently upon my sandals then leads us into a series of whirling and turning 360 degree circles then the music cues for the finale of the Tango. Rann dips me as I tilt my pretty skull and shoulders back from my rear neck muscles into a graceful arch along with my right arm curved at the elbow downward towards my dress train as we pose. The candidates, Qbot, Mbot, Obot, and Ranns Royal Honor Guards jump to their feet and applaud our outstanding dance performance. I sigh with contentment.
Told ya! I can dance and so can Rann as I giggle with a girly twang then I return my torso and skull upright into a proper waltz dance position and unsuccessfully jerk my hands from Ranns arms as he smiles. Rann holds me by both my hands and stares into both of my eyes as I lecture with a surly tone. The music has stopped, Rann.
I know. He smiles and voices his sexy baritone trombone into my face, holding me closer instead of letting me go.
You can let go, Rann. I demand with a surly timbre but he doesnt release me and.
Iwill never let you go, Starra. He continues to smile and voices in his sexy baritone trombone into my face, pulling me tighter into his chest.
Prince Rann! A visible Honor Guard shouts loudly in his baritone tuba from the archway as Rann breaks his total concentration on me, dropping both his arms at his side then soldierly pivots to the Princess Candidates and.
Rann talks. I must leave. I have another appointment. Ill see everyone at the partytonight. He body spins to the gathered Honor Guard unit then they regally exit the dance hall inside the castle as I swing towards the archway and smile with a biggy smile.
I mentally think that it is so obvious and very convenient that Im the one hes going to chose as his Princess. Since, we get along great and our relationship has bloomed from the first day of my assignment at the castle since I was once living here in the same residence. Im watched by him. Im trusted by him. Im protected by him. Im loved by him. I sigh with true love.
The Official Royal Engagement Party is in two more days when Rannll announce the lucky girl while his new princess is going to be me. I sigh with happiness.
Qbot drones. End of todays lessons. 
Day 92. Princess class. Field. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 77F. afternoon. Weapons Class comes right before the final Royal Engagement Party which boggles my sharp mind but does requires my undivided attendance and I dont mind since I get to destroysomething. I sigh with fun.
Hold the maser in your dominant hand like this and then shoot the great big high target on the long and wide board over there. Maser Weapon Instructor talks and finger points at the object of destruction when Tia fires then her maser discharge wave hits the food refreshment table three feet from us on the left opposite side of the grass field, bursting into prettily red and yellow forest fire flames. Ybots or yard robots swiftly race to the fiery blaze before it reaches the perched set of orange and green storage buildings as girly giggles echo to the skyling.
Thats not funny. Tia remarks almost in tears while shiny moisture glitters in the sunlight as the Maser Weapon Instructor nosily sighs with his disappointment at the performance of the real Princess Candidates from the post marked second round of their intended target practice. Since, no princess has hit by purpose or accident the great big gigantic 36 feet paper poster of an ugly red bird which is 102 feet from me.
I find the maser weapon an interesting creation, appearing in a small rectangular shape with three buttons on each side used to shoot the object while each button rotates side to side for the user depending on their hand position, the range, and the deadly intent. I sigh with intrigue.
I find the Maser Weapon Instructor insulting for a Royal advisor since he offers no positive advice for the young girls using the deadly weapon only his nosily sighs, animal grunts, and ugly frowns. I sigh with purpose.
My turn! I step towards the Weapons Table, lecturing to the young chicks being a farm girl. Ladies, shooting a target requires many hours, days. and years of practice. I retrieve, aim, target, and fire the maser in my right shooting hand as the bird, board, and borders of green manicured grass burst into big red, yellow and blue flames. I sigh with pride.
Youre an expert shot, Lady Starra. Im impressed with your performance. Maser Weapon Instructor compliments with a silly grin, clapping like a child as I twist my lips, ugly eye balling the warm maser between my five finger pads wondering if he needs a new lesson from an alien as well as a new attitude adjustment which the maser could do both as I giggle with a girly twang.
Years of practice I eye burn the face of each young girl as the Maser Weapon Instructor jerks the warm maser from my right hand since he read my mindnawmy snarl then he replaces the weapon on the table turns around and claps like a toddler and.
Maser Weapon Instructor sums. Sinceyou have completed all my lessons, Ill assign a maser to carry with you.being a noble Princess Candidatesat all times in case of emergency.
I raise my hand for fun, stepping my boot toes into his boot toes and inject. Excuse me? Youre giving them(thumb at princess candidates).each a maser.a real masers. He grins with a toothy smile, step backwards from me and bobs his skull up and down like a farm pony and.
He informs. These are the direct Royal orders from Prince Rann, himself. I present a set of duck, lips then snarl like an alligator, two-stepping sideways from he and pathing towards the archway of the castle and.
I call loudly. Excuse me, ladies? I have another.appointment.
Throne room. I rapidly storm in my cute leather boots into the Throne Room without any permission slip, trailing by three of Ranns Royal Honor Guards since the other two are sporting black eyes as I suddenly halt with the body heat burning my bee_hind, quickly swing about and loudly shout in my new bass flute. SCAT! then, the guards back step off my boot heels towards the open archway while Ira and Rann elegantly sit at the small side table, eye burning me then I yell at Rann. Weapons! Youre giving the girlsmasers to play with. These kids cant hit the side of a barn with a pile of rocks.much less masers, Rann.
Rann smirks with a set of crooked lips, right and neck snaps his skull to Ira, talking quietly. Please excuse us for a few minutes, Ira. Ira swiftly stands, twisting his fatness towards the wall and exists out a new side door from the Throne Room since I have got to get a bot with better mapping features for Ranns castle as I giggle with a girly twang. Rann chuckles like a silly clown, re-seating in his comfortable padded oversize chair and eye burns me while expressing. The side of a barn with a pile of rocks. He pauses for beauty at me then continues. Ive never heard that odd expression. Where did you learn it, Starra? But, I do understand. The girls are inept with using a set of weapons. They cannot hit anything as large as a barn or a building. Thats very clever, Starra. He chuckles like a silly clown, shaking his skull side to side with happy amusement at me as I park both folded fists on my waist and.
Rann. Im not amused. I steam with invisible heat while Rann chuckles more then holds his right palm in the air and.
He orders. Alright! Theyll not have weapons per your orders. How about fake ones?
Ya mean toys. I para-phrase as Rann bobs his skull up and down several times.
Rann compliments. Great idea! Well issue them toy masers.just for fun. Rann finger points at me, chuckling and bobbing his skull continuously then compliments greatly. Youre doing a great job of security with the Princess Candidates, Starra. Have I told you, lately? I nod my curls, once in silence acceptance as Rann swiftly stands, coming to me then grabs my right forearm twisting me as he escorts me to archway then into the empty hallway, compliment. Im glad I did. Keep up the excellent work and Ill promote you, Starra. He releases my forearm then swings his body and returns into the chambers and closes the door as I excitedly skip down the empty hallway with delight of my Princess decision that Rann accepted as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
Ira blocks my path towards the set of exit doors as I carefully stalk towards him and step within two feet then Ira moves one feet and three inches into my face and whispers like delicate butterflys wings. Ranns going to marry my daughter Kia. Hell announce the engagement at tonights party.
I debate. Tonights not the Official Engagement Party since tomorrow night is. And, I wasnt told.
Im informing younow. The marriage will be announcedtonight. Then, youare finished as the bodyguard in the Royal family orany where else in myuniverse. You next duty will be the unemployment line, Starra. I sigh with depression.
Ira swiftly paths around me in the opposite direction as I walk right foot then left foot passing the Entertainment Room which is empty as the Princess Candidates are priming for party, tonight. I sigh with beauty.
I think mentally that Kias sweet, kind, and understanding but she doesnt love Rann and doesnt want to marry him or become his Princess, either. Kia loves someone else. I sigh with confusion.
I ponder that Ira is totally wrong that my bodyguard duty is over and that Ranns not going to marry me. Because, the clues are so obvious while the hints are so subtle and the relationship is solid. Im going to get married and be the next Princess of the Universe. I sigh with happiness.
Fitness center. I need some small amount of physical exercise before the fake Royal Engagement Party which isnt tonight but tomorrow night based on Iras total lie to clear my crowded mind of all the negative energy from sore loser Ira about my mental thoughts of Ranns wrong-o marriage to Kia instead of me. Silly notion.
I softly open the wood and see with my eyeballs Rann dressed in white T-shirt and short. Nice legs!  He manly struts to the weight stand, lifting 25 lbs of weight in each hand flexing his bicep together standing with his leg apart and bend at his knees as I watch and drool with mouth salvia then I hear his voice. He comments and chuckles. Have you heard the good news, Starra?
Good news? I meekly mew as Rann nods his skull, once pumping the iron with both biceps and.
Rann tattles. Im going to marry Kia. The announcement will be proclaimed, tonight. He grins and nods his skull, once as I stand dumbfounded, shocked, stunned, and speechless while Rann lowers both set of heavy weights to the floor, sliding his body to the floor and performing his first set of push-ups as I drift into outer space with my mental nightmare and words stupidly. Kias a very nice girl and will be a very proper Princess of the Universefor you. I sigh with wrongness.
I think mentally that Im the girl for youit is me but that isnt my Royal decision. This is Ranns life, his decision and his life without me. I sigh with sadness.
Rann uprights into his tallness stretching his calves in place then turns to the right and jogs around the indoor track as I watch him in silent run around the circle then he jumps, kitten-like onto the leg machine working his calves.
I think mentally that Im not going to marry Rann and Iras going to fire me from my job then Ill be unemployed as I drop the heavy hand weight from my five finger pads which I dont remember picking up but watch it fall as gravity takes over then I land silently on the carpet and rolls swiftly towards the metal bench. CLANG!
Rann jumps, T-rex from the leg weight machine and grabs the weight, chuckling like a silly clown and orders with a slick smile. I think that youve had enough exercise for the day, Starra.
No, I dont think I have. I bite back, reaching for the weight as Rann back steps from me.
You dont want to be late for the Royal announcement at the party, tonight. Rann reminds.
Iwill not be late. Iam never late. Iam always on time and dependable. I fury with flight as he smiles and nods his skull, once and.
Youre very dependable, Starra. I admire that quality about you. Rann grins at me stupidly since Im not in a happy mood for talking, chattingor getting compliments. I want to be left alone and think about my life without Rann in the third time line. I sigh with sadness.
How about a session of hand-to-hand combat? Rann invites as I snarl my left lip to my cheekbone and.
Whyyyy? I smart-hole as Rann bends at his kneecaps, holding both his hands in the air at the width of his shoulder span and.
Are you afraid of a little hand-to-hand combat with me, Starra? Rann challenges, smirking with a set of crooked lips, right and.
No, Rann, Im not afraid of you. Period. I restore my new confidence.
En guard. Rann swiftly steps his right sneaker at me for my amusement as I quickly slam my right fist into his the middle of his T-shirt then hit his eight-pack abs and jerk my right hand into his throat as Rann endures my punishment very well as he back steps from my first attack. And, I feel great maybe I should hit Rann more often when I get mad at him then I perfectly aim my fling open palm at the stupid grin on his handsome face while Rann suddenly stops my right hand mid-stream of the painful forthcoming slap. He smiles with a toothy smile as I grunt like a dying dog and pant heavy with a single breathe. I sigh with angry.
He stops me since Im unstoppable and no one defeats me because Im great Lady Starra and the awesome Commander Starra and the slick alien Starra. I sigh with honor.
I desire to slap Rann off Commerce and out of the universe via the wormhole as I quickly raise my left palm and target precisely his left cheekbone for an instant moment of his pain and my pleasure when Rann powerfully halts the gracious flow of my left hand motion, holding me by both my wrists with both his ten finger pads as I embrace my fuming fiery fury. Ranns stronger than I.
I cant move, cant breathe, and cant react since Im too stunned, mad, hurt, angry, upset, and done. Im finished with Rann and his childish silly acts towards me because Rann can have a Princess thats young, silly, and uneducated. Im not that type of girl and I dont care for Rannanymore. I sigh with nothingness.
I forcefully jerk both my wrists to freedom his strong man-gripe and announce. Good job, prince! Rann smiles at me then bows at his waist for respect then skips around me and exits my gray eyesightforeverly.
Princess party. I walk on my left sandal then my right sandal then my left sandal and end up inside the dance hall, wearing my shimmery silver gown on my body and matching shiny diamond tiara on my curls. I sigh with numbness.
The high, long, and wide dance room crowds with more than the usual citizens in their fancy clothes for the upcoming surprise announcement of the Princess of the Universe at least Rann isnt parading the Princess Candidates around the open space like a bunch of satin ribbon circus horses with their master. There are not any escorts tonight only a fun time as I sweetly desire to forget all about the Princess Selection Committee, the Princess Candidates and the Royal Prince. I sigh with melancholy.
I feel sad, depressedand thirsty as I rapidly waltz my sandals over to the Beverage Bar counter breaking into the front of the line, and ignore the serving guests the I nosily pound my right folded fist upon the hard Bar counter and princessly command. Wbot, what do you recommend for a broken heart? I finger point at my silver sequins behind my heart organ as Wbot places a tiny glass of some type of brown-colored liquid upon the Bar counter top. Then, I down the contents in1 second2 secondsas tart fluid burns my pink tongue, my pink throat, my long esophagus andall the dang way to the lining of my empty stomach. Then, the hot sensation travels through my body down to the tips of my pink-painted toes as I breathe with a grunt and inhale heavy lots of air molecules and croak, frog-like. This will take the sting off for a few seconds. I smile at Wbot and ask with kitty-cat curiosity. Do ya have a bigger glass? Wbot presents an eight-inched high bottle of brown liquid filled to the rim while I nod my curls, once in silence acknowledgement then scan the room with my eyeballs for an unoccupied corner and see something better one of the gray-colored secret side doors. I sigh with pity.
I dont feel like socializing with any citizen made of flesh, blood, orbones since Ive found a new friend for the parting evening. Even in the well hidden closet, I can hear the loud trumpets tooting and the banging of drum rolls of the Royal Engagement Announcement by Rann.
I pour into my empty glass the very last ounce of the brown liquid from the empty bottle, downing the fiery contents while drowning out an obvious obnoxious offensive(like my o words).noise and soaking up a sad sour sorrow inside my broken heart. The drums, trumpets, and voices stop ringing inside the dance floor as my broken heart sinks like the Titanic ocean liner into the bottom of my empty belly as I wait for the Royal Announcement for1 second...2 seconds3 seconds.
I hear screams, yells, and shouts from the dance floor. Wow! Every citizens speechlesswithout the words of the surprise Princess-girl. I sigh with amusement.
Hold the comfone! I dont hear a name.a voice.or Ranns sexy baritone timber. I sigh with mystery.
I steady my folded body for the sudden dangerous movement at the edge of the padded chair then mentally count for.1 seconds2 secondsand stand very, very slowly on my wobbling four sandals. Good so far. I very cautiously stroll from the low sofa at the closed door then use four hands to find the door knob and open it widely so my three legs can march outside. I emerge dragging my train into a bright light while my four eyeballs I see two dance floors. Keep going! I feel kinda funny but smell acutely the sweet perfumed and flowered gardens on the bricked patio as warm bodies rush around me and their screaming voices bombard my eardrums while the breezy wind hits my sweaty freckles.
I slowly tilt my curls upward as my neck muscles arch and ache in pain and clearly see a hovering big long ship over the entire dance floor ceiling. Then, I slowly flash back mentally one hour ago when a high vaulted and colored purple ceiling covered the entire dance floor. I swiftly flash present that the ugly purple ceiling is gone. 
I blink once, twice then thrice and focus on the single big silver ship while falling single obstacles come from the broad underside then I eye burn my empty bottle of liquid in my right hand and think mentally that this stuff is affecting my active brain cells.
I eye gleam the ceiling for a second time. Yup! The Ram ship and its individual hanging ropes are dangling from its silver belly like a puppet as three Green Fabrics jump, T-rex from the ship and land deftly upon the polished dance floor, standing right in front of me. Then, they scatter like field mice everywhere.
Green Fabric #1 grabs Marquis Toks daughter named Mia while Green Fabric #2 tugs on the rope, and ascends into the open belly of the ram ship with Viscount Lads daughter named Tia and Green Fabric #3 pulls General Iras daughter named Kia into both his arms, and disappears into moon lit stars into the ship. I sigh with defeat.
Stang! I whisper like delicate butterflys wings since Im the bodyguard for the girls so Im failednawIve failed. I have forgotten my duty as mother hen.nawbodyguard to the Princess Candidates.
Tok gallops into my face and shouts like a mad Father. Do something? I do then I pass out onto the tile.
STANG! I smart-hole as a pail of ice cubes and freezing Arctic cold water violently hits my freckles, neck, and chest.
COMMANDER STARRA. Ira loudly deafens my right eardrum then swiftly jerks me to both my sandals by grabbing both arms and shouts some dang more. Where were you? The girls have been kidnapped.
I shake my soaked dress, wet hair, and aching pretty skull like a Woof puppy from my sleepy nap, spraying the cold water droplets upon the nobles in my target range as I word really soft. Dont shout? My ears work perfectly. I see, hear, and smell every one including me. I sigh with naptime.
We need to find the girls before before something terrible happens to them. Ira worries since one of the Princess Candidates is his daughter and Id be very worried if my daughter had been taken from me without my consent. I sigh with purpose.
I stumble with an un-steady limp to one of the comlens at the Bar counter, wiping both my wet hands with a dry towel since this stuff is hot electrical equipment. I dont want to get fried. I press the three buttons in a rapid secession pattern as the comlen flashes to life, showing three blimps upon the blue screen, and appearing in a set of three red circles. I blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice adjusting my eyeballs then nosily clear my throat and tattle. Theyareon Resort. Ira, Rann, Ty, and Tok swiftly march boot heels to the comlen as I finger point at the blinking red dots in silent since my head, heart, and finger nail hurts.
I dont understand. How are you getting this image? Ira puzzles.
I planted a tracing beacon inside the toys. I word. I sigh with brilliance.
Rann chuckles with his delight and compliment of my IQ beauty, bobbing his skull up and down several times, and staring at me. The fake masersthat the girls are wearing. Its tracking their location. Very good, Starra! I mentally recall the clever quote from jack-hole Dirk that the intellect overcomes all obstacles. I sigh with pride.
Move it! Ira shouts, body spinning towards me and orders, leaning into my face and bad breathing into my nostrils. That direct order includes you as well, Commander. While the barrage of numerous Royal Honor Guard units, Militia personnel, pilots, nobles, and Rann dash like jack rabbits hopping down the crowded hallway towards the docking bay of zippers, carriers, and passengers space craft. I sigh with dizziness.
I snail-like limp on my four sandals, dragging on my three legs while pulling the two-foot Choo-Choo fabric dress train behind me like a red clay dirt and limestone rock loaded wheel barrel and halt and stare at my zipper and slowly determine that both the gown and I cannot fit into the ship. I carefully pull the dagger with fifteen fingers on my right hand from the hidden spot inside my third left thigh that ties with a pretty gray satin ribbon then slowly slice my dress horizontal across my kneecaps and dont see any blood. 
The gray fabric swiftly drops to the concrete platform as I slo mo climb with twenty-five finger pads and sixteen toe bones up the steep four-pronged ladder into the small crammed cockpit, sitting quietly inside the cold leather seat. I note that the ship hanger is empty since every space vessel has gone but me as I slowly adjust the webbing belt around my precious body for no gonenawpre-flight then decide to get rid myself of the annoying headache and.
I close my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I feel a little bit better since I need to do more healing for this massive developing upcoming soon-to-be hangover which I didnt see with my Teleclairvoyance. Well, its time to perform my last duty as the Royal bodyguard since I dont have a job after this gooey fudge brownie mistake. I sigh with misery.
the Wall. black outer space. minus 1000F. I T-scan with Telepathy the stars, planets, empty space ahead of me, searching for the enemies, the girls, and the ram ship, passing Bio, Uni, Agri, Tech World, and Militia, seeing the Wall.
The Wall is the universes version of a permanent space traffic control center as the solar system is formed on two parallel planes and separated by a supernatural phenomenon called the Wall as it located in the heart of the universe and composed of space rock, debris, and other radiated space trash. I giggle with a girly twang, surveying the little tiny silver bugs buzzing up and down the Wall since the bugs represent the somber rescue pilots searching for an easy entrance to the other side of the galaxy.
I T-spot with Telekinesis a small crack, accelerating my zipper into dangerous hyper speed and violently jam me and zipper into that small opening on the farthest end of the pilots and encourage. Lets get this over with so I can go back to my room and sleep. I rub both hands over my freckles as the sound awakes the dead warriors of yesterday in my brain cells and.
Starra, wait up! Rann signals via the comfone.
No, you come and get me! I challenge and switch off the comfone. I sigh with annoyance.
Resort. dark blue sky. no clouds. full white moon. 66F. evening. I swiftly land on Resort with no citizens, no buildings, and no more parties. Butthe girls I whine like I stepped my right naked foot inside the dress sandal in a pile of fresh green shit since I did when I swiftly dropped my bee_hind from the ship hatch. Stang! The reason for my odd visit to a dead planet in the middle of the dang night as I pull my right naked foot out of the green muck into the air, planting both sandals upon brown land and pull the tiny mini-bot from side console, tracing my ion signature of the ram ship that holds the kidnapped many princess brides of Rann. I sigh with defeat.
I hear a set of roaring engines above me while two zippers swiftly emerge from the Wall four seconds later as I T-probe with Telepathy the zippers since Im in no mood for any more surprises. I discover both Rann and Ty the other two best pilots in the Royal Militia pathing towards me. I trot away from the zipper with no weapons as usual but Rann might protect me as I giggle with a girly twang then T-scan with Telepathy sensing no trouble, no pirates, and no kidnappers. I sigh with strangeness.
I waddle down the green valley trail of overgrown small scrub bushes and annoying plants tripping over all the greenery in my wet sandals, strolling into the swampy green everglades while my feet soak into pools of green slimy water as I T-sense a presence from behind my buttocks then quickly body spin, seeing Rann and Ty.
They run like little girls as I giggle with a girly twang watching them swing their body side to side as I swing my face towards the ram ship, walking in my sandals and torn dress towards the blinking three red beacons that darkens into a crimson red on the mini-bot while I grow closer to the real Princess Brides. My eardrums hear a series of loud sounds coming from within the ram ship that drowns in gallons of muddy black water and tons of green weeds while I right sandal my shoe sole upon the first exposed prong of ladder and.
HALT! Rann shouts behind me.
WHAT! I smart-hole and body spin at the same time(cute maneuver)parking my left folded fist on my waist since I hold the mini-bot in my right hand, seeing Rann by-pass me. He steps on the first prong, traveling like a zipper up the ladder and swiftly enters the opening as I scoot beside the metal archway like a lowly Militia Guard, folding naked arms over my sequins and turn my face at the ramp and fume. Fine by me!
Did you say something, Starra? Ty stands right in front of my body and eye burns me, raising his eyebrow, left and inquires with his tomcat curiosity.
Naw! Nothing! I shake my curls side to side without the visual lip snarl but I do it mentally.
O! Rann, youre so brave. The invisible female voices in her flute soprano inside the ram ship.
I hurt my ankle. Can you carry me, Rann? The invisible female voices in her alto clarinet inside the ram ship.
I was so scared. But, you can here to save me. The invisible female voices in her alto clarinet inside the ram ship.
O, brother! I mew as Ty stands on the opposite side of the ramp and neck snaps his skull at me and.
Do you say something Commander? Ty inquires as I shake my curls side to side without the lips snarl but I mentally think it and.
Naw! Nothing! I repeat.
My ears must have been mistaken. Ty muses as I present a set of duck lips, ugly and.
Must be! I word, eye burning the muddy water.
Did you say something Commander? Ty asks.
Nope! Not a thing, sir. I remark, hearing a new sound and pull the dagger, direct pointing at the approaching set of four Royal Honor Guard units, seeing a set of six robotic carriages for the Princess Candidates, the Prince, and the Ambassador. Rann and the girls drop one-at-a-time from the big ship, limping one-at-a-time inside the wet swamp one-by-one into their own special transport back to Commerce as I slowly enter the last carriage which holds only sleepy and tired me. I sigh with defeat.
The carriage stops as I exit. ZOOM! I instinctively duck my pretty head down even with my waist from the loud sound, eye gleaming the night sky and see three carriers blast off from barren Resort escorted by two zippers holding Rann and Ty. I walk my left sandal then my right sandal then my left sandal to my zipper as my curls throbs with my wet feet and cold hand from the dark damp air. I feel awful and might hurl something from my empty stomach. I sigh with sickness.
STARRA! Ira booms from my blind side on the left as I stop in the green swampy weeds.
Stang! I whisper like delicate butterflys wings hoping to explain this mess tomorrow morning. Othis is tomorrow morning. 
Ira isnt very jolly by golly puffing his fat cheeks in and out and appears totally mad, angry, furious, and maybe desires greatly to kill some certain body and I bet donuts since I dont have any currs that that some body isme. He sneers like a junk yard dog, marching closer and blocks my direct path to my zipper as he comes5 feet4 feet3 feet2 feet1 footand halts.
Ira stops those twelve little bitty inches from my nose since I plan to make this swift, short, and sweet, nosily clearing my throat and shout. I QUIT. I pad around him and jump, kitten-like into my zipper.
Day 93. Commerce. ex-Lady Starra or plain Starras castle. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 67F. morning. I slowly lay in a row like baby ducklings the precious baubles of fine Diamonds, Emeralds, Rubies, and Sapphires on the dirty chartreuse (thats greenish-yellow) floor in the foyer of my Bonita mansion that I do own from the sweet thoughtful gift from Rann as I giggle with delightfulness.
I can use the jeweled trinkets acquired as the fake Princess Candidate for some food, this shelter, and rest of survivinghere since Ive lost my only job for a second or maybeits the third time or maybeforever. I sigh with freedom.
My house is in really bad shape with chipping paint on the chartreuse walls, broken white shudders outside the windows, falling white tiles from the rooftop and an overgrown yard of wild green plants, red bushes, and pretty red and pink wild flowers. And, I have Bot since Ira can take my job, not my robot and Bot works right now cleaning the dang dirty kitchen. I sigh with laziness.
Since, I possess plenty of free time to re-decorate my mansion and deserve a long quiet vacation.foreverly.(thats never)I giggle with delightfulness. I sigh with inactivity.
Bot examined my exotic gems and noted that they are rare with an excellent tone of clarity and color since Rann has good taste. And, I have a good worth to repair upon the old homestead since I suddenly retired from the Militia, leading a nice quiet peaceful life without all the difficulties of the crown, the kingdom, the nobles, the princesses, fat Ira, short Tom, tall Za, the commonersthe entire universe. Get the foto. I sigh with retirement.
BANG! The front door of my mansion suddenly slams open with a big noise as I jump, kitten-like from the floor and see two Gbots enter one-by-one in silence into my foyer while Rann appears behind the robot with a set of dead pan straight pin lips, looking un-happy.
RANN! I yell in pure flaming fury instead of greet fondly friendliness, planting both my folded fists on my waistline of my cute gray uniform since I dont own any other clothes but formal gowns. I sigh with angry.
Rann strolls down the side wall of the Foyer, eye burning the window, and ignores me then demands with a kingly attitude. I believe your prompt greeting should begood morning, Your Highness. He stops at the end of the wall then swing his body to face me as I sneer lovely like a junk yard dog and.
I sorta obey. Your Highness. Rann whips upright his right palm in the air and.
Rann informs. This is not a social callStarra. He rotates his neck muscles around the empty room of my mansion then returns his eyeballs to the items on the floor, bending at his kneecaps and retrieves the diamond tiara. He examines it then uprights his body and eye burns me as I roller ball my pupils deeply into the rear of my curls and fold my T-shirt over my vest. Yesterday, we were buddies, friends, and pals but today we are not. I sigh with abandonment.
Youre not much of a decorator, Starra. Rann comments, twirling the circled metal band of the tiara around his index finger pad.
Nope! Dont like decoratingor performing domestic duties. I mock then giggle.
I understand you have resignedtwice. Rann repeats old news as I nod my curls, once and.
I confirm. Correct, twice.
MayI ask why, Starra? Rann rumbles in his sexy baritone trombone and eye burns me. I sigh with rage.
If he wants an answer to that stupid question then Ranns going to get an honest one from me for a change as I start for the gate swiftly. Im not going to baby sit your childish princess bride, Rann. Im not going to sacrifice my mind, my body ormy soul for your convenience, anymore. I believe Ive faithfully contributed enough of my blood for the Crown. I quit the military. I resigned my commission. Im a civiliannow, today. You cant give me orders to follow any more. You cant tell me what to do, Your Highness. I finish my lecture and laugh with a boyish tone for my showy presentation, noting the sorrow inside his sad brown eyeballs as Rann poses stands and listens in silent and.
Gbots! Rann orders.
Yes, Sire. Gbots drones in musical harmony of baritone tuba.
I am repossessing your mansion. I am freezing your currs. I am seizing your furniture, clothingand all assets of your person. Rann proclaims, twirling the tiara in his entire right hand with a rapid motion as I screw my eyebrows, ugly and.
I demand. What gives you the right to do this act?
I am the king. Rann words.
The last time I checkedyou were the prince. I debate then giggle.
Not any more, I am king of the universe. King Rann corrects as I shake my curls side to side with the mentally thought that Im dealing with another self-centered egotistical crazed mad man. I flash back mentally in the second time line when King Bartholomew and King Bartholomews personality had killed the citizens for being sick with a terminal disease. 
Rann has went completely insane just like Bartholomew while Im the only sane one by quitting my boring, obnoxious, and demanding job before Ira fired me for a second time in the new time line. Ira has hundreds of many qualified body guards for Prince Rann and his new Princess Kia to sit, heel, and fetch like a dang Woof doggie. I sigh with insanity.
May I ask you a question, Starra? Rann softly words, while moving slowly towards me.
Maybe I whine like I lost my mansion which I did, while back stepping from him.
Will you tell me the truth, Starra? He softly words while moving closer to me.
Maybe I whine like I lost my jewelry which I did, while back stepping my shoulder blades into the wall since Im not a bot for giving any answers. Because I am done with himand everything in the universe since, I just desire peace and isolation in some place else where Rann is not. I sigh with loneliness.
Do you truly love me, Starra? Rann asks point blank at my heart and my mind while his face measures eleven inches from my nose while my kneecaps buckle and my hands shake. My mind spins and my vocal cords paralyze as I grab the edge of the built-in book shelf since Im hugging the wall with my bee_hind then I swiftly turn my face to view the outside window of the flying blue birds and numerous yellow butterflies. I feel shocked, confounded, dazed, and stunned with his words and his unjustified actions.
I expect a yesor no answer to my question, Starra. Rann softly words as he moves and blocks my view of the open window with his sexy body while I ponder the single answer of yes or no so simply of an answer to a question thats so complicated.
I tenderly wipe the single tear from my right eye socket and neck snap my face to Rann, shouting in total confident of my piccolo soprano voice but shaky inside my weak soul. NO!
Rann curls both his soft pink lips into a slow tender smile, advancing quickly, and wraps both his steel biceps around my shaky meek body then tenderly kisses my wet lips as I melt like cold butter on hot home-made biscuits. He whispers like delicate butterflys wings on my cheekbone. Do you truly love me, Starra?
I muster amount of my weak energy that I dont possess, talking softly. No!
Rann spins on his boot heels towards the archway, ordering. Gbot, arrest Lady Starra. She is to be placed in cell 444 on Sahara. Both Gbots float up from the floor, and hover in air current then move at me as I defend my person and my soul and.
You cant arrest me. Im a civilian. You cant tell me what to do anymore, Rann. I shout at Rann while shoving my back muscles against the wall, and watch the advancing Gbots which one dangles a set of silver shiny binders in its metal appendages.
Prince Rann to you convict. Rann corrects with my new Royal title and paces away from me giving the Gbot room to capture me, moving towards the archway.
Whats my charge? I shout at Rann while my viewing eye balls on the locked and blocked two Gbots while one rattles in my face a pair of metal binders. I sigh with fear.
Youre charged with lying to the Crown. Rann shouts while exiting into the sunlight then disappears out of my eyesight and.
I scream between the metal Gbot. You cannot charge, try, convict, and sentence me without a jury of my peers. I see nothing but a solid silver color while knowing that I just have quoted Earth justice and Earth law from my real home, not within this universes judicial system. Rann is the judicial system for all his people, planets, and places. I sigh with frustration.
I mentally think that Im very desperate, determined, and motivated to say something in my defense to change Ranns stubborn mind maybe I should use my T-powers to turn him into a toadnaw. a snakenawa lizardnawas the tight bands of metal are cuffed around both my wrists while Gbot pushes me out the archway into an empty carrier. I dont eyeball Rann since hes left my castlewell his castle for his Royal duties as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
Sahara. Dirks castle. Jail. blue sky. yellow sun. 121F. morning. Inside the rear of the worn leather for the short outer space ride while Im cuffed to the hatchway I mentally think that Ill take Ranns reprimand and punishment for a non-crime. And, Ill survive this since Ive survived everything else in this universe, not oncenot twice but thricenawthree times as I giggle with a girly twang. I sigh with confidence.
Rann is just a little mad at me for answering his dumb question wrong and if you want my personally opinion this isnt a good basic reason to arrest some one just because a citizen says no right in your face because I dont love him. I sigh with lie.
I truly love Rann because Im not always honest then I always get myself into trouble for not being honest. I sigh with true love.
The single carrier swiftly drops as my tummy lungs into my throat from the sky like a bee onto a flower as four big bulky non-smiling Prison guards greet me with an unfriendly snarl while the hot heat sweats both my eyebrows and freckles quickly in the bright sun. Gbot yanks on the metal binders around my waists as I rapidly fall upon my kneecaps then T-catch with Telekinesis my body before it violently hits the golden shiny floor as two of the Prison guards swiftly upright my body. We snail-like travel inside an enclosed four-walled dizzy dark golden space as I feel the cool air conditioning winding around my sweaty body and walk down a long and long empty gold-tinted hallway, spotting no body, thing, or machine. I sigh with concern.
Gbot stops ahead of me while the Prison guard pulls me away from the robot and swings me towards a new side hallway, walking side by side like a pair of good buddies then Prison guard suddenly stops, banging the keys against door and opens the vertical bars then tries to violently shove me into room.
The prison cell littles at 6 feet tall by 6 feet wide by 6 feet high. Lets see, yallI am 5 feet and 1 inch tall upon seeing that three walls construct with glassonly glass, baby.as the blinding bright wide shiny clear sunlight beams with a dazzling bright intense yellow sunlight inside the little jail. And, the one other wall that makes a perfect square.is composed of bars in vertical direction of steel rounded thin poles which is totally called a holding pen for me. 
One of the Prison Guard violently pushes on my right shoulder while I T-stay with Telekinesis holding for1 second.2 seconds.3 seconds.as I giggle with a girly twang then neck snap my curls at his ugly face, smiling sweetly then I release my T-hold and girly priss slowly into the jail cell.
I immediately note with my Tel-view the metal dial on the dark side of the jail cell that the heat needle registers only at 101F inside my little jail while the light blinds from the sun upon my eyeballs and the shimmery silver poles standing in the middle of a six wide floorsee thats three feet from the bars and three feet from heated walls. My active brain cells ponder that this small, hot, and confining hell hole performs a perfect psychological ruse for a defiant mind, or a dangerous mind, or an un-conforming mind or an un-cooperative mind of a prisoneror me. I sigh with reward.
Free will and free defiance are my other awards until I escapeas I snigger like sly weasel to somewhere that Rann isnt. I sigh with somewhere.
I park my bee_hind among the happy yellow sun beans, sweet serene solitude, and smooth cool tile floor noting that there isnt any furniture, food, or water which is more of the psychological ploy for the captivewell, I can play these psychological games, too as I giggle with a girly twang.
I twist my lips, ugly, realizing that water is the first obstacle to overcome since I cannot recall at the momentmaybe yesterday when I consumed my morning breakfast since I was bored and depressed about being canned as Ranns bodyguard. So, food is going to be the third obstacle that worries me last because the design of this here jail cell is beyond brilliant which is Ranns idea. A psychological challenge to my mind since there is no space, no place orno corner to hide from the growing bright hot morning sun rise heading up into the hot mid-day sun and then, decreasing into the hottest sun set in the last afternoon. Thats my second problem, yall. I sigh with purpose.
135F. afternoon. I mentally think that Im getting the tan of the century as I lay uncomfortably upon my back muscles, and then I flip upon my colored tummy absorbing all the ultraviolet rays converting my skins melanin into a fine golden tan. OrI surrender and plead for painful mercy from Rann one of the newest enemies among the growing list of enemies in this universe. I sigh with unfriendness.
I flash back mentally within both first and second time lines when my enemy short list was only composed of Rex, Rita, Dirk, Tom, Ira, and Bartholomew.
I slowly flip onto my sun burned back muscles, noting that the jail cells floor isnt cool anymore on my body parts since the raising heat due to the advancement of time after no lunch while observing no physical trays or glasses of cold refreshing water or food. I figure that one without my Telepathy when Wbot had brought both the eating guards their lunch on big trays and placed it on their tables then Wbot left the jail room. I sigh with determination.
And, I have stripped off my gray thigh-high boots, my new gray leotards, my gray long sleeved T-shirt and have torn the vest and rolled my gray skirt two hemlines to the point that I dare without being concerned body indecent as the Sahara Guards studiously stare at me, and wonder what next item of my clothing comes next. I sigh with shame.
Rann is doing this thing to me on purpose since he wants me to give up, to surrender, and to admit that I love him. I nosily sigh then silently exhale and mentally think I do love him. However, Rann must confess and apology for his irrational silly behavior, first and then Ill mention in hallway passing like teens rushing to first period class that I love him. I sigh with resolve.
I flip onto my tummy use T-zap of Telemetabolics to control my heating body heat and very hot temperature while exhausting with all the above mentally, physically, and metaphysically since I use 110% of my T-powers. Then, I create one big T-shield, blocking the hot intense sun rays into the jail room, and ease both the morning and afternoon sunrays for this day but tomorrow 
I mentally switch my mind gear and notice the stinky odor as I sweat and smell worse than any plantation pig on my farm but my tan looks great. I sigh with hotness.
I close my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Heal.
I can hears faint voices echo outside the jail room and then the entrance door nosily slams opens while the two Sahara Guards stand both attentively and silently since I do not shake, shout or snort with my physical body but I T-view with Teleclairvoyance them both in my metaphysical eye sight (thats Tele-sight perfectly).
Rann wears his white vest and matching white pants tucked neatly into his black boots minus the black colored sash while Ty wears a Huntress green sleeveless and shirtless vest similar to Ranns but his trousers are Huntress green for the theme color of Planet Agri and decorates with a crimson red sash. They enter one-by-one, marching towards my jail cell while I appear within their normal eyesight as a sleeping sweaty and smelly golden thing upon the heated floor.
Ty eye burns me, pursing his lips, tightly and inquires with his tomcat curiosity. What did Starra do?
She lied to me. Rann studiously stares both his eyebrows at the pretend sleeping me with a set of dead pan straight pin lips.
What did she lie about? Ty wrinkles his forehead, funny continuing to eye burns me then demands from Rann.
None of your affair, Ty. Rann rumbles in his baritone trombone and continues to eye burn me.
Ty nosily sighs then heavy breathes as he faces Rann and offers with a kind tenor. If you require my services, Ill be on Agri, Rann. He nods my curls, once, pivoting soldierly, and marching towards the archway while Rann neck snaps his skull to Ty and.
Rann reminds. Ill see youlater at the party, Ty. He body spins to face the standing Sahara Guards then orders. Guards, dismissed. I Tele-hear and Tele-see Tys booted feet as they pound hardy upon the big tiles out the entrance door then I Tele-hear and Tele-see Rann pull a chair from the duty desk towards the bars then he sits and stares studiously at me. I sigh with intrigue.
I appear asleep, but not and do appear tan, but burned while I appear healthy, but exhausted however I do smell Rann sweating from skin inside the heated room. Rann studiously stares at me for ten minutes and then scoots the chair nosily the jail bars as he stands and sighs then breathes, deeply.
This is my chance. My moment is it while I slowly lift my tired heavy sunburned face from the heated floor by one tiny inch and rotate my aching skull towards Ranns left booted feet since the heats intense and the days intense while my emotions intense.
Rann sees me stir then moves closer to the jail bars, dropping on his right kneecap while staring speechless into my gray eyeballs as I croak, frog-like from the lack of water. You possess my assets but youwill never ever possess me. I swiftly drop my sun burned freckled face to the heated floor while falling unconscious, deeply.
110F. evening. I hear a pair of solo foot falls rush and pace down the tile as the mysterious steps enter through the outer Guard Door then the set of heavy booted steps continue into the inner Guard Door while a citizen appears inside the Guard Station. I slowly lift my pretty head, eye burning the citizen out of kitty-cat curious more than chatty conversation. I sigh with surprise.
I have orders from Prince Rann. Ill relieve you to attend the Royal party, tonight. Ty nervous voices with a tenor timbre since he plans to relieve the Sahara Guards therefore, he and I are to be alone without any perimeter guards. I ready for something. I sigh with caution.
The first big bulky Sahara Guard studiously stares when seated and addresses with devotion in his baritone tuba. My orders come directly from Prince Rannhimself and states no one comes or goes from this room within his visual or vocal permission. Ihave not received any urgent comfone message with Prince Ranns permission to attend the Royal partytonight, Ambassador Ty of Agri. Ty smiles with a nervous twitch on his right lips then nods his skull, once and.
Ty compliments. Very good, guard. Im testing your loyalty to the Crown. You have passed admirably. If you desire to attend the party, I canassign one of my Honor Guard units to watch over Ranns prisoner. The first Sahara Guard doesnt like the mental game and stands as the second Sahara Guard follows while they side by side evenly at their shoulders dominating Tys average height and.
The first Sahara Guard communicates. Thank you, Ambassador Ty for your kind kingship offer. Iwill stay at my post until Ireceive orders vocally from Prince Rann in person.
Tys plan A isnt working so I can help him by going to our modified Plan B the frontal attack as I T-bite with Telekinesis, lifting my soft leather thigh-high boot then accurately aim and target the right side of the Guards skull.
The first Sahara Guard faces Ty as Tys swings both hands behind the small of his back then wiggles his left index finger at menawnerves since the Guard isnt performing his proper prison duty of paying attention to the prisoner. Since, anything can happen in a prison as I giggle with a girly twang and somethings about to happen specifically to him while I smirk with a set of crooked lips, tightly.
Payback is so much fun. My right leather boot swiftly launches like a rocket missile into the right side of his slick brown hair roots as the first Guard falls down upon the tile unconscious. Thump! My T-strength is awesome while the second Guard leans down at his waist observing studiously at his buddy laying like stillness on the gold with shock. I sigh with delight.
Ty gets the visual message quickly without my Telepathy and jumps, kitten-like, punching powerfully the nose bridge of the second Guard while the Guard rolls his body onto the table unconscious. Thud!
Ty grabs the set of metal keys from the deep pocket of the desk, dashing to the bars and opens the door then stares at me. Since, Im too tired, too hot and too sweaty, Ty powerfully jerks me to my naked feet with both his biceps grabbing my right hand as we dash towards the archway and hands off the water bottle.
I levitate both my thigh-high boots from the floor over my left arm, shifting my naked feet into a light speed run beside Ty down the empty hallway and gulping refreshingly two deep swallows of the cool liquid into my dry mouth. Best stuff in the universe! I trot like a runaway mustang without breaking my stride down the narrow hallway devoid of any windows, doors and rooms, guessing that this is another secret passage way inside the Sahara castle. There are lots of secret passage ways in this universe as I gurgle with a froggy sound.
The cool breeze feels good on my newly golden tan skin and both bare toe bones as Ty leads us mysteriously somewhere inside the castle, hoping the new place contains lots of pretty cool shade trees and plenty of fresh sparkling water. Ty stops at the naked wall while I see no seams, hinges or panels then he presses upon the design of five gold stars on the wall in finger funky order. The hidden door panel slides upright into the ceiling as my eye balls follow the metal. Cool trick!
Ty grabs my right hand, flinging me forward and orders. We must hurry. Its getting late. I sigh with surprise.
I pace behind me into the naked room with no additional windows, door or exit only a single silver pole that leads downward to bottom of
I get itto an underground tunnel since I T-chest with Telepathy reading into Tys active mind. I sigh with excitement.
Were escaping through the underground Gem Mines of Sahara then out into the hot steamy 110F degreed desert as I stand and ponder. Because I cant walk, run or trip without more fresh water and a cool shade from the intense sunlight. Too sunburned! Too exhausted! Too beaten!
Ty jumps, kitten-like onto the pole, motioning with his left free hand and shouts. Follow me down. I sigh with dread.
I obey faithfully his direct command, leaping kitten-like on the vertical pole two freaking feet from the edge of the ledge while cradling the precious water bottle like a baby in my left hand as I protectively wrap the soft leather boot around my right arm then slide feeling seasickness down the pole adding more burn marks to my kneecaps, legs and abs. I sigh with pain.
I glide in a light speedy mode like a blur of sparkling gems, falling fast and kinda of fun, not enjoying the wild ride due to my exhaustion, defeatism, and angry(emotional, baby).then, I land upon the cool smooth surface. I truly stand on the cave floor of one of the many Gem mines shaft on Sahara where the real imprisoned prisoners work and dig the precious stones and minerals from caves for distribution and sale to the free greedy citizens. I sigh with interest.
A small stream of mild breeze along with the colder temperatures of the interior mine cools my warm body and both bare feet as I see the stones glisten prettily within my eyeballs of an assortment of rainbow colors kissing and hugging the sharp jagged cavern walls. Red for Rubies, green for Emeralds, blue for Sapphires, amber for Gold and yellow color for diamondsand on and on...and forever. I sigh with beauty.
My eyeballs see a physical motion in distance while I lag behind Ty then dash upon naked feet to catch up with him as Ty paces towards the end of the long twisting shaft. I deeply confuse, viewing the end of the shaft that is clearly blocked by a wall of sharp jagged colorful rocks. No exits! No entrance! No escape! I sigh with panic.
I park my body beside Ty, placing boots upon toes and watch his mysterious motions as he tenderly touches a series of sharp rocks with both his gloved hands while I stare then the colorful rock wall intriguingly crumbles into a set of fist sized pieces of chunks and I jump back. The rocks hit my booted feet as Ty grabs my arm, jerking me backwardly from the falling wall.
The cave wall tumbles down in into China plate-sized rocks from the ceiling to the floor as Ty hands off a dry cloth for my nose and mouth while the avalanche finishes then I cough loudly, clearing the cave dust from my freckles and rub my eyes free from the fine powdered mist. 
When the mist of orange dust clears, it shows a new open passage, revealing a space ship hiding like a little kid inside the rocks with a Bullet ship that paints in solid black with a set of flying wings built for two passengers and zero luggage. I sigh with awesomeness.
I grin with a silly smile at Ty as he finger points at ship, commenting. Mode of escapejust in case of prisoneremergency. He winks his eyelash, right and orders. Climb in, Starrawe dont have much time.
I jump into the rear seat, webbing my body into the belt of a ship specifically re-designed for two citizens rather than single pilot. I flash back mentally in the first time line when I accepted, flew, and raced a single seated Bullet ship against Rann to and from the Wall in a Death Race, and then I won. I flash present that Im an escaping prisoner of Prison Planet and a fugitive in unknown universe. I sigh with disappointment.
Ty lifts, hovers, and floats the Bullet forward into the sinking hot bright sunlight as I blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice as my eyeballs adjust to the bright light, drinking the bottled water, and listening carefully through the comfone from the console panel.
Ty begins. I have known Rann all my life. Hes a kind, gentle, generous, and understanding man. I have seen him act ecstatic, drunk, mad, grateful, sympathy, happy, hurt, and angry within his realm of limited and predictable emotions. Butthis is the stupidest thing I have ever seen him do. Hell not tell me, either. Weve have been friends for an eternity. Hell not talk to me about whats bothering him. Maybe.you can provide me some helpful insightful clues, Starra. I drink more water in silence as he continues. I cannot allow Rann to abuse you anymore, Starra. I dont know what you have done to make Rann furious but you have got to stop exhibiting this irrational behavior.
I dont understand, either, Ty. I whine like I was jailed and complain via comfone. Hes acting crazy, Ty. I have done nothingto him. I do know what I have done but Ty might yell at me so I just wanna to go home, sleeping for 20 hours. (Thats Commerce day and night). I sigh with depression.
You did something to annoy him, think harder, Starra. What was your last conversation about? Maybe, this is your first step into figuring out what Ranns mad about?
Where are we going? I subject change.
It depends on your answer to my question. Ty returns with a nasty timbre that the comfone picked up. What happened between you and Rann, please tell me, Starra? I grunt like a dying dog as the comfone picks up my sound then Ty continues. I can understand Ranns frustration with you. You arent talking. Let me explain in more detail, at this very moment, Rann has to announce the name of his Princess Bride to the citizens of the universe, tonight.
So what? I smart-hole.
Rann does not want to marry Kia. Hes being forced to marry based on the process of elimination. After the kidnapping, all the girls dropped out of the competition but Kia. Ty clarifies, purposefully.
Rann told melast night that he was announcing Kia as his Princess Bride before the kidnapping. So what? What does this conversation have to do with me? I complain, finishing the bottle of water.
Rann knew in advance that he was going to be forced to marry. He planned everything down to the last detail. He used Ira to get you selected as a Princess Candidate. Ira would see the advantage of you as the continued security for the young and innocent noblettes. You admitted yourself how young the girls were. Rann realized this, also. He does not want a young, selfish, and silly girl for his Bride to rule as Princess of the Universe. He wants someone mature and intelligent that fits into his vision of the universe for his citizens and kingdom. Everyone noticed the playfulness, the humor, the teasing, and the love between you and Rann. You are his perfect match, Starra. Ty compliments.
ButRann told me himself about Kia. I whisper like delicate butterflys wings as the comfone picks it up.
How did you react? Ty questions.
I didnt react. Thats the problem, isnt it, Ty?
Ira forewarned Rann that hes obligated to marry his daughter, Kia. Rann told me the story and the deal, privately. Ty tattles.
When does Rann follow the rules? I sting then giggle since Tys so incorrect that Rann never ever follows the rules because he makes up his own.just like me. I sigh with rebelness.
Well, Ira has played his Conqueror card in the Royal Wedding game. You bowed out of the race by resigning. Rann would have never allowed you to be terminated even if Ira was as mad as an Agri stinging hornet with your audacious antics. You made that decision on your own and Rann cant change it. But, he tried.
Thats the reason for his visit to the jail cell this morning. He wants me I swallow my mouth spit then add. Rann wants me to admit thatI love him. He wants me to change my mind. I confess.
Then, you did lie to Rann. He says that you lied which is why youre in jail. You have not shared your true feelings with Rann. Ty figures.
Sorta I sing in piccolo music since I shouldnt have lied to Rann and shouldve been honest with my feelings then wouldve be sitting in a stolen bullet ship. I sigh with depression.
Ty continues. Ira figured out Ranns plan. After he asked you to take the Royal etiquette classes, Ira pulled the final clue of the puzzle together. He has been planning your resignation since you arrived.
Ira does not like me. I truth since Ira like to spy, watch and observe me however, Ira knows where the Crown stands and is always loyal to the King or Queen of the Universe in every time line that I visited. I sigh with respect.
Ira likes your military prowess and hardy guts but his fight is personal against you. He wants his daughter to be princess. Now.youre going to make that happen, tonight. Ty stated.
I voice with jumbled emotion only knowing if it concern or if it worry. Im too late!?
Rannis so desperately in love with you, Starra. Right now, hes going to announce his engagement to Kia. Ira is forcing him to marry her. Shes the only girl left. There are no other Princess Candidates. Ty replays.
Kia does not love Rann. I fact.
Rann does not love Kia, either. Do you love him? Please tell me the truth, Starra I need to know. Ty begs.
I do. I confess.
Hold on tight, youre going to the Royal party at the Game stadium, tonight. Ty orders, chuckling lightly via the comfone.
The party? Im not presentable for a party. I fact.
Dont worry! I have a plan. Ty confirms since he has sub-planned over Ranns plans while I giggle with a girly twang that Ty is Ranns true best friend in the universe. I sigh with true friendship.
Commerce. Game stadium. dark blue sky. white clouds. bright stars. full moon. 61F. evening. Ty lands the Bullet outside the Stadium concrete gates for both our protection and espionage then he jumps out, hauling me into the air, and places a small green bag into my right hand then orders into my right eardrum. Around the corner theres a private dressing room. This bag contains a dress and other things for you. Hurry, you got less than five minutes before the formal Princess announcement. After you dress, I want you to meet mehere. Ill personally escort you to the platform. He neck snaps his skull at the ten-story stadium level then returns his eyeballs back to me and warms. Ira is a very suspicious man at the moment. He has Rann and Kia guarded twenty-hours per day. He might suspect that Ranns going to pull another trick out of his magic hat but Ranns empty. So, Im to be the substitution magician in this talent show.tonight. He smirks with a set of crooked lips, right then gently shoves my body around towards the corner as I march beside him and.
I concern for both my men. Will Ira got mad and have me arrested? Or will he become Ranns number one enemy?
The answer is no to both of your questions. Ira is a solider first and foremost. He understands rules and leadership. He obeys the Crown and Rann. He also understands that there are no rules in war or love. The best man or in this casewoman wins, tonight. Ty updates, grinning with a toothy smile then stops at the building and gentlemanly opens the door for me.
Ira is the most honest person I know with great integrity. I truth.
Go and get dressed, Starra! Ty orders as I enter then he pulls door quietly, guarding me and the door as I slip on my sun burned body the short gray slinky tight dress. I wiggle it over my curls, down my breast around my waist and then it stops at my hips, puff my wild curly hair and pinch my apple cheekbones for some pinky tones among the golden freckles. Then, I slam open the door as Ty smiles and stuns. Wow! Youre swift.
There isnt much to the dress. I eye burn my wigging naked toe bones inside the exposed sandals then my exposed kneecaps and my exposed upper thighs that covers one-fourth of my entire body petiteness.
Sorry, I was rushed. Ty words in my right eardrum and winks his eyelid, right grabbing firmly my right hand and folding it into his arm as we walk side-by-side like a married couple then he whispers. There are more then the usual Militia Guards lining the upper stairwells of the Stadium. Well move very slow and very elegantly like were dancing a waltz. Dont jerk or fidget. We dont want any attention drawn to us. I nod my curls very slowly as we step together symmetrically his right leather boot and my right sandal while I tightly cling and cut his forearm with my manicured finger nails. I sigh with fear.
We skate passed the first sets of bored guards on the first level then start on the first step of second level as the quick Militia Guard eyeballs us, growling like a grizzle bear and orders with a nasty bass drum. Where are you.and her going?
Our seats are located at the top of the platform beside other noble skyboxes. Ty lies honestly in his tenor saxophone, and finger points at his skybox, showing his noble authority.
The Militia Guard eyeballs me then grunts like a dying dog and rumbles in his bass drum music. Okay. I didnt have to use my Telepathy on the man to cooperate with Ty and a good thing since I too pooped to pop anything, anyoneany how.
The Master of Ceremonies blasts in his tenor saxophone over the many comfones and comlens about facts of both verbal and visual fotos and remarks of the Crown, the kingdom, the marriage and the fate of the universe.
I whisper. We are going to run into Kia and Ira.
Theyre on the other side of the stage. I purposely selected this path based on that military information. He comforts my one of many worries as I realize that we climb the high steps towards his skybox that also holds the Master of Ceremonies. I sigh with very dangerous. 
Im not worried about me since I can take care of myself but Ty is vulnerable to any one of the Royal Militia Guards muscle, General Iras wrath, and Prince Ranns mistrust. I sigh with deception.
We successfully climb slowly from levels 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8pathing like a old married couple to Level 9 then the single file of bulky Militia Guards stand tall side by side each with a housed maser and holstered sword inside their utility belts while I swallow the thick mouth spit back down my tight throat. Because if one of them recognizes my pretty face
Hey you! The Militia Guard finger points at me and inquires with his tomcat curiosity. What you doing up here? My strong heart skips a complete beat since Im caught, discovered, and dead.
Ty controls the situation. Im looking for my seat. Im Ambassador Ty of Agri.
The Militia Guard wiggles his nose then his earlobes, while eye burning me then he looks at Ty then he neck snaps his eyeballs to the higher skyboxes only for nobles. He swings his face at Ty and remarks. I knowwho you are. All right, I guess, go on! We trot six more steps up towards the top of the white stage. I sigh with nervousness.
Halt! The next Militia Guard bad breathes in Tys face since we are only bodies moving upright like straight arrows inside the entire stadium while the rest of the citizens sit obediently, cheer nicely, applaud happily and wait anxiously for Ranns final decision. We have another three steps towards the top of stage as I squeeze Tys arm tightly. I sigh with excitement.

Im looking for our seats. I apology if I have interrupted your guard duty. Do you know where seat numbers 697 and 698 are located? Ty fakes brilliantly.
The Militia Guard befuddles over the posed question then roughly finger points at the far corner of aisle which is the correct seat numbers of 697 and 698 and command. Over theresomewhere. Youre in the wrong place. Ty swiftly punches the Guards fat belly while the Guard doubles over in severe pain then Ty hits the rear of the Guards skull. Then, the Guard falls to the concrete as Ty neck snaps to me and.
Ty orders. Climb the steps! Ill stay here. Guard the platform. I realize two things that Ty is taking a big chance with his life since one of the big bulky Militia Guards might hurt him trying to stop me and that Ty is correct that Ira has prepared for any thing and any body as I quickly tap my sandals in a staccato rhythm up two more steps then run into an obstacle.
The obstacle is another Militia Guard who isnt very happy to see a stranger in his facenawin his chest and he orders. Go back!
Dont think so, buddy. Im expected. I retort then firmly slap my right hand across his wide chest for his undivided attention as the Guard puffs bad breath over my curls since hes six feet and four inches to my five feet and one inch as I giggle with a girly twang. 
The Guard chuckles like a silly clown at my meek performance and my meek height then I prettily kick my right sandal into the Guards left kneecap as he uprights his painful leg into his chest and hops like a bunny, cute-like and sorta bows to me like a real princess. I quickly whack his Adams apple with a cool Karate chop cutting off his laughing air as he grabs his throat, and tumbles into the other Guard that blocks the remaining steps. They fall to the concrete safe but confused.
I swing my body towards the clear steps, galloping like a horse to the top and perch like a bird on the white platform which occupies 70-feet of air and nothing else. Im alone, viewing the awesome skyline of the Games manicured green field from goal line to goal line as the overhead lights burn and blind my tired eye balls as I inch my way towards the bee_hind of the Master of Ceremonies. I sigh with anticipation.
Three seconds before the announcement of the lucky Princess for Prince Rann. The Master of Ceremonies blasts in his tenor over the many comfones and comlens. Two seconds. Like Rann has a choice with only one Princess Candidate leftbutnowhe does not even know that I have made the decision for him as I giggle wit a girly twang and watch the audience subdue the fighting Militia Guards and. 
The audience and Master of Ceremonies calls. One second. I see Kia and Ira holding each other like lovers while she looks nervous but Ira smiles bigger.
The citizens count backwards in unison along with the Master of Ceremonies.  Zero. I glance down at the lower platform, seeing nervous Rann shuffling side-to-side on his booted feet in a tiny square. I sigh with preciousness.
I like Kia. Shes very nice, kind, understanding, and intelligent girl but she doesnt want to marry Rann. She has a long time boyfriend and wants to marry him. I sigh with obligation.
The Master of Ceremonies blasts. Who is Princess of the Universe, Rann? I jump, kitten-like, stealing the silver comfone from the mans hand.
I place at my lips on the smooth metal and sing in piccolo music. ME! Rann neck snaps his skull to the tiny mice squeak as the bright spotlight blinds both my eyeballs, shining prettily on my newly tanned body.
STARRA! Rann yells then neck snaps his skull back to cheering citizens then his eyeballs view Ira with his arm around his daughter Kia. Rann neck snaps his eyelids to me, grinning with a toothy. He swings his face to the citizens, holding both his hands and finger pointing at me and decides in his sexy baritone trombone. I will marry Lady Starra. She is my bride and my princess. I sigh with happiness.
I sway my body in wind, exhausting from an array of intense jumbled mixed emotions of too many secrets and too much physical activity along with my itching sunburn as I hear with my normal hearing a set of heavy foot falls on the upper steps. Rann appears smiling and pulls me close into his chest and kisses my chapped lips then he scoots me into his shoulder as we face and wave at the happy cheering citizens then walk slowly down the steps as I cuddle like a bug into his chest. I sigh with marriage.
Ranncan we get married.tonight? I whisper into his right eardrum since I am desperate to do this marriage thing.
Rann wrinkles his forehead, ugly and confuses. Tonightyou meanright now.
Ira can marry us. I dictate. Then I flash back mentally in the first and second time lines when Ira was preacher for a few formal ceremonies.
Rann whispers back. Iras not in the mood to marry us, tonight. His ego has been hit pretty hard. Let him relax before our ceremony.
Alright. I disappoint seriously as Rann closetly hugs me then kisses my sweaty dirty forehead tenderly.
Rann worries. You didnt look like you could handle a wedding, Starra. Lets get you inside the castle for rest and food.
Alright. I disappoint sad.
Anyways, we owe the universe an engagement party to show off the new queen bride. In four days, well get married. Is that all right, Starra? The universe is expecting a great big Royal wedding. I dont want to disappoint our citizens. It is only four more days, sweetheart. He kisses my left dirty cheekbone, smiling with a happy toothy grin.
Four more days, of course, Im excited that is all. I fake happy.
Im very glad that you.are excited. You seemed to have forgotten how to express your feelings lately. I hope youwill not do this anymore. Rann lectures me as I shake my curls side to side and
I confess. Youll know my true feelings all the time. So be warned!
So be it, Im forewarned. Rann confirms and chuckles then he kisses my dirty lips. I want to marry Rann since I truly love him and want this new time line to continue until my life ends with natural cause of very old age. I sigh with anticipation.  
Day 95. Commerce. Ranns castle. noble meeting. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 68F. morning. I rest one whole day at my Bonita mansion while servicing all my needs, wants and wishes with a new Hbot riding in the rear bench of my new Royal carrier ship piloted by a new Zbotlike a real princess to the Royal Noble Meeting hosted by my fianc Rann. I sigh with joy.
No more mistress duties! No more body guard duties! No more pilot duties! No more orders from Ira! Im happy while Ira isnt happy and Kia has married yesterday to her long time boyfriend. Happy endings for Kia! I sigh with respect.
I sit beside Rann as he observes the nobles but holds my right five finger pads under the table like a teen in High School as we listen to Tok suggest. I proposed that we blast them out of the skies of Resortor whats left of my home world of Resort. Nobles moans and mutters softly as Ira bobs his skull up and down several times along with some of the nobles in agreement and.
Ira approves. They have proven to be our enemiesnot our friends, Rann.
Youre referring our last outer space attack in which we blasted thirty ships including two of our own ram ships into oblivion, Ira. Ty doesnt approve to the violence, only something better as he smirks with a set of crooked lips, right at Rann as Rann nods his skull, once in acknowledgement while the Noble Meetings are getting more vicious and deadly. I sigh with intrigue.
Let them betheyre not a true threat since the last raid on the asteroid. It practically destroyed all of the rebels including their ways and their themes. Dirk returns.
Not a threat, whos side are you on, Dirk? Ira blasts, pursing his lips, tightly and eye burns the new noble of both Sahara and Bio then Ira adds. Do we know who these rebels are? Yes, we do. Theyre escaped convicts He eye burns Dirk then clarifies for me. .from the prison which happens to be under both your jurisdiction and control Dirk. Im very stunned, surprised, and stupid since Dirk appears so nicey nice and so proper noble during this time line. I sigh with missing it.
They want currs. Give them currs? Let them belike Dirk suggeststhen were free of any wandering rebels. Rita offers as I ponder thats a great idea but dont look at me for any free currs since Im not selling my Royal diamond tiara as I giggle with a girly twang.
Currs, what for? Ira smart-holes while wrinkling his forehead, ugly.
No, I dont like that idea. Ty disagrees.
We should talk to them. I inject as eye balls swiftly turn to me. I sigh with shock.
Talk to them about what exactly, Princess. Ira braves my soon-to-be-title as I smile with good teeth and.
I retort. I suggest.we discuss what they need to survive on the barrier asteroid of Resort. They need buildings, equipment, ships, supplies, medications, food, and services that we can offer for free within our numerous resources. Then, we can end the fighting and have peace in the universeonce and for all and everyone. I hear the two hands slams as I turn to face Dirk and.
I agree. Dirk approves with me, grinning with a toothy and looking directly at me while he likes to cause troublefor me. I sigh with caution.
I kick in. We negotiate peace with the pirates?
Peace. They didnt want peace. They want to fight and kill all of usonce and for all including you, Princess Ira disagrees with both his loud bark and useless bite.
I agree with Lady Starra. Someone should talk with them. Ask them what they need to live quiet and productive lives? Dirk vocals on my side, agreeing with me and likes to cause troublefor me. I sigh with deep concern.
I like this plan. I agree with Starra and Dirk. Well seek peace with the pirates. Well send a diplomatic party immediatelyvisit the pirates and find out what they want and need. We can help set up their new home world with anything they want. And, well have peace in the galaxyforevermore. Rann declares and grins at me while he nods his skull, once at his kingly command as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine. 
Ill leave immediately, Sire? Ira soldierly stands, obeying faithfully the Crown.
Not you, Ira. I didnt want military representation. Rann eye burns me and order. I select Starra, my future Princess of the Universe. She represents innocence and beauty. Dirkll also attend represented by intelligence and goodwill. He decrees as king then soldierly stands and orders. Dismissed! He pleases about the prospects of his peace with the pirates by his princess. I sigh with genius.
Weyou and I can leave for Resort, Rann and negotiate as the new Prince and Princess of Universe. I adjust my suggestion, eye burning Dirk who stares at me with a big grin.
Rann corrects, hugging me into his chest. Your first brilliant idea as proposed and accepted by the nobles, Starra since were not yetthe couple of Prince and Princess of the Universe. He tenderly kisses my forehead.
Thank you, but isnt there an available diplomat to send to the pirates? I adjust.
Rann closetly hugs me and whispers like delicate butterflys wings into my left eardrum. We dont have diplomats. We have nobles who act and pretend to be diplomats. I gently touch his chest with my right hand and.
I offer sweetly with a big smile. Ill travel to ResortalonesinceI. Rann pulls me closer and shakes his skull side to side and.
Rann lectures to me. You cannot goalone, Starra since youre almost a princess. Ill not allow it. You have to ride with Dirk. He has the first contact with these people. You need him. I neck snap my face to Dirk invading our bug hug as Dirk grins and grunts like a dying animal and.
I repeat with horror and fear. Gowith.Dirk, I dont know if I want to go with Dirk. Ive never been with Dirk on any missions.
Rann hugs and reprimands. Youre never been with anyone on any missions. Youre too much of a loner, Starra. You need to change. Im going to help you change. Youll accompany Dirk on this short trip. Dont worry! Youll do a great job, princess. He touches my left eardrum with his breath as I stare at smiling Dirk and my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
I swing my body and face into his chest, looking up at his face and beg. Rann, please come with me. Rann chuckles like a silly clown then tenderly kisses my forehead, moving down to my lips as we surface for air molecules and.
Rann advices. Nonsense, youre very capable of handling this diplomatic situation by yourself. He whispers into my left eardrum while staring at Dirk. Dont worry about Dirk! Hes truly a coward. I need a strong personality to convince the pirates that we want to live in peace and harmony together in the universe. Also, offer them anything they wantbut you. He smiles with brightness then sweetly kisses my pink-painted lips for a second time as we surface and Rann suggests. I trust you, Starra. Also, invite them to the wedding. He closetly hugs my body then kisses my lips for a fourth time then Rann swings his body towards the archway and disappears. I fold both my naked arms over my new gray sleeveless top, and twisting my lips, ugly at Dirk since I dont know whats going to happen but its going to happen to me as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
Resort. Destroyed structure. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 67F. afternoon. I sit quietly at the port window of the carrier ship as Dirk relaxes at the opposite window on the opposite side of the space ship with no chit-chat of conversation, strategy or exchange of vocabulary words. I sigh with nervousness. 
I close my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
The space flight is very quiet and very quick in light speed colors of blue, yellow, and red starburst patterns while asteroid Resort looks both nasty and unpleasant in its brown icky tint with the structures piled high in red rubble, brown stones, yellow rocks, and white concrete.
Land here, Pbot. Dirk orders without no vocal space line communications from the asteroid controller from or to our carrier while ship properly lands with a slight thud as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
I haul my bee_hind into the bright sun shine as Dirk lounges inside the ship for some weirdo reason while I ponder that Dirk can pose the pretend polished diplomatic as I giggle with a girly twang at my clever mental thought. And, Ill default as Guard for guard duty overme since I must watch both my front and my back fromhim. Dirk finally emerges, scanning with his rotating skull the destroyed landscape and ignores me, jumping from the top lip of the ladder then struts with golden cape flying towards the once-upon-a-time hotel building as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine. 
Dirk walks straight through the open crack in the broken indigo wall of the damaged building as I recall that some are escaped convicts per Ira since I listen with eardrums to Ira, but I do not obey with action. I sigh with deep vigilance.
Planet Resort has taken all the major bumps and bruises of the War(s) caused by both Dirk and Rita in the last two time lines as I remember it within my mind but see within my eyeballs the destroyed structures all dark and dead with lots of old rusty equipment, broken containers, busted furniture, and smashed doors and windows. I sigh with creeped out.
We venture down a messed up hallway as I follow Dirk and T-fly with Telekinesis over the broken wall parts, split concrete then Dirk enters the third door on the right as I hustle to catch up with him upon seeing that the big room is really once-upon-a-time square room since a rock avalanche has re-designed both walls and floors probably in the spot where citizens used to dance and sing but not their ghosts do. I sigh with prayer.
Dirk moves his body against the wall, kneeling in the yellow dust of hard rock as I loudly sneeze and wipe my nostrils on the sleeve of my new jacket from Rann then move away from cloud of dust towards the middle of the room without any dust, rebels, table or meeting since Dirks a dopy diplomatic but he does want something. I sigh with danger.
I stand and scan with eyeballs the entire theatre for a second noting there are no rebels, movement or motion but I only Tele-hear with great big annoyance a slight constant buzzing of animal chatter inside my metaphysical world of my T-senses, feeling a presence not seen. I sigh with caution.
In the darkness between the small peeks of dazzling sun light from the above broken roof tiles my eyeballs finally see rebels that locates at the highest peak on top of the yellow hard rock pile that surrounds in the indigo concrete walls then I Tele-sight the missing body limbs like their arms, legs, hands, feet, ears, eyes, and other body parts. So, the rebels really are grotesquely deformed humanoid sorta being thingies. I sigh with totally deformity.
Dirk shouts, moving to stand beside me and holds both his arms like a V pattern in the air. Come out! Iam here. Dont be afraid! Ihave brought you a gift. He carries no physical gift but his golden robe and cloak, talking to the little rebels like children in elementary school as one of the rebels moves clearly into the sun light then more deformed children line up on the edge of rock platform gathering one-by-one. I sigh with curiosity.
The pirates have escaped from Ranns old Prison but Ranns old Prison didnt have a facility that abused citizens like this so, of course, the new noble Dirk runs Planet Sahara as I neck snap my face to Dirk. As Dirk eye burns me, grinning with a toothy smile, I T-probe with Telepathy getting some juicy VIP data that Dirk ordered his pirates to blow the ram ships. I sigh with deceit.
Dirk finger points at me, yelling. She is the gift. She has attacked your ships and killed your shipmates. She has destroyed the ram ship with your supplies and citizens. She has followed your citizens to your planet and killed them in cold blood with her secret powers. The Rebels grunt in incoherent words to each other, nodding and bobbing deformed skulls from Dirks acidic words.
They got their own private space line thingy that communicated in their own language that goes on between them. I conclude, trying to tap into their mental minds with success as Dirk finger jabs at me for fun and fright and.
Dirk yells. Herover thereis the cause of your concerns. Im the cause of everything so lets just end the heated debate and hang my pretty head right now from the damaged roof. I sigh with doom.
I figure, too late. Dirk does totally understand who I am in every single time as I enter a new time line. However, he hasnt attacked me, as a matter of interest, he has been very cordial and gentlemanly to me from the beginning of this time line. I sense a true snake hiding in the tall weeds ready to strike me down. Since I have demonstrated my T-powers in the open spaces, too many dang times. Lets see.(o, yeah, baby)When I fought with big Tok in the Bar then the surprise fight with the bigger Police Officers on Sahara along with my fancy flying in the zipper and my spectacular body falls fell from a tower window, and then my daring rescue of my love, Rann, and finally finding the rebels on the secret base. I sigh with showmanship.
I flash back mentally in the second time line when I Tele-kicked the Talisman in the hot winds of Sahara as it landed some where near a lake inside the desert sand when Dirk tried unsuccessfully to drain the T-powers from Rann. I flash present that Dirk has found it since Teles can detect an animate object(s) using their Telepathy and Dirk uses his own twisted Tele-mind to access twist the Rebels brain waves using the Talismansomehow. I sigh with mystery.
I can hear their mental clicks and grunts inside my Tele mind, talking to each other. Then, I link, connect, and Tele to the Rebels. I am not going to hurt you.
Will she, now? Dirk links, connects, and Teles back to the Rebels and me as I neck snap my face at Dirk. I growl and he gloats.
No! I am here as a friend. I want to talk, not fight. I link, connect, and Tele to the Rebels.
They do not talk to me but listen to Dirk then suddenly attack my precious body since I have only at my defense meas the Battle swiftly begins while my Tele senses pingway too late. Everything aint fine.
Dirks play game has succeeded since hes the official diplomat on this mission under Ranns kingdom and rules Planet Sahara with all the prisoners and Planet Bio with all clinical equipment. I flash back mentally in the first and second time lines when Dirk completely destroyed Planet Resort bombarding wave after wave of maser power using the ram ships at the property, planets, and people. I flash present that Dirk has set up temporally shelters of tents and domes for his newly created race of Teles within his new empire and controls the Planets of Resort, Sahara. and Bio.
Lines of maser fire discharge yellow, green, and red waves of light at me, compliments of Dirks arsenal as I leap, T-rex behind a nasty rusty metal container, blocking successfully a series of deadly waves then I slap both hands over my new gray pretty diamond-stubbed soft cotton fabric top and skirt whining like Im going to die. Great! No weapon, again! I neck snap my curls to the safe boundary occupied by Dirk along the wall sidelines of my little Rebel battle while Dirk kneecaps behind another dense metal container of my eyesight and arm range I sigh with impossibility.
I T-dart with Telepathy at Dirks open mind and understand completely that Dirk has created a race of abnormal citizens who possess a range of very limited T-powers since his Lab Agri Rat Experiments have totally failed as in F++ in High School while Rebels have attacked and have killed their own brothers and sisters inside the Bio ram ship. I sigh with angry.
I T-scan with Telemetabolics touching their misshaped bodies of the Rebels that miss numerous organs that include their vocal cords for speech, eyeballs for sight, and ears for words since they use the T-power of Telepathy as their primary form of communication and eyesight. I sigh with pity.
The constant mind chatter is Telepathy from the Rebels and to Dirk while I drop my mouth like a hungry shark and eye burn little tiny red invisible hot balls into Dirks face while Dirk jabs his index finger to his temple, grinning with a toothy smile at me. Dirk has saved them from their Sickness comatose state, moving them secretly out of the warm Hospital Wards into the cold Prison Cells for his evil Tele-experimentation. The Rebels do not, can not, and will not see him as performing any evil acts since they view him as their protector. I sigh with fury.
The air currents shift and warn me that the first stone toss is a little too high as the rock clips my left cheekbone with pain. Ouch! I call, smearing the blood from my freckles use T-zap of Telekinesis, raising Tele shield, and reflecting more rocks, stones, and small sharp non-poisonous darts zoom from their hidden rock cliff. I stop and still the weapons over my pretty head then plow them as they self-destruct at the rock-covered wall, right side into millionsnawthousands of pieces.
Bang! Bang! Bang! The deadly items hit the solid metal tall garage container in front of my body as I repeat my manual task, pelting the deadly items to the left side then silence immediately. I sigh with puzzlement.
Masers sizzle hot in the air, tracing at me over the garage container as I leap, T-rex behind the part rock and part wall into a small tiny corner while the red, yellow, and green maser shots bombard and melt the wall, the rock mineral and the metal garage container then the air element and rock mineral temperatures soar to a burning heated outer space sun ray near my face while my delicate golden skin sweats like a plantation pig. I sigh with danger.
I squat on boot heels, pondering my new defensive strategy since the Rebels possess a limited T-power of Telepathy for communications which means a limited range of firing distance at my precious body while they dont have any T-heal of Telemetabolics means instant death, not for my body. However, Dirk doesnt possess a T-power of healing Telemetabolics so I mentally note that Ill get Dirklater. I sigh with promise.
I T-probe with Telepathy, counting 200 pirates as I leap, T-rex towards a new wall out as the Rebels accurate and deadly target range and.
I close my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Concentrate. Calm. Focus.
I see a team of deformed, muted, and blind Rebels move along a horizontal body formation like good little British Red Coats since they were taught by stupid Dirk, firing an array of vertical lines into the air with their masers that melt and burn the rock wall trying to touch me. I reinforce my T-shield for more needy protection, standing swiftly, and lifting both arms in a V pattern while I T-toss with Telekinesis one of many burnt garage containers at the advancing line of men, women, and teenagers as I hear with my Tele-eardrums the frightened yells of fear and panic of dying Rebels. Then, a second row of Rebels advance stupidly towards me since everyones going to die. I sigh with sadness.
I neck snap my face at coward Dirk then I link, connect, and Tele. You are next on my hit list, Dirk.
Dirk links, connects, and Teles back to me. Only if you survive, Starra...
The deformed creatures snail-like approach, tossing the biggest dangest funny geometric rock forms at me as I pace back and forth behind the new protection of half yellow rock and half fossilized furniture parts, belting back the rocks at lots of Rebel flesh, blood, and bone while they die.
Peace. Peace. Peace. I link, connect, and Tele to the Rebels.
Die. Die. Die. The collective Rebel minds links, connect, and Tele to me.
I chip whip my sweaty face into my throat, hurting emotional within my head and my heart since the Rebels are the real victims from their captured Prison bed and their birthed Hospital bed both facilities are ran by Dirk. I sigh with defeat.
The massive big rock boulder from the combined strength of 50 Rebels pounds and smashes totally the Storage Container before my eyesight. BOOM! I jump, kitten-like into the wall corner, crouching my body into a small ball for nice protection then gather more hard loose rocks and thick loose slabs of concrete for my home-made weapons, pelting the Rebel deader than an opossum on the highway. I sigh with death.
Rann! Dirk names, waving his left hand at the prince to the safe confines of the Storage Container, smirking with a set of crooked lips, right while Rann bends at the waist, jogging to Dirk and.
Starra? Rann names, rotating his neck muscles around the rock wall, squatting his body beside Dirk as Dirk finger points at Starra.
Dirk remarks. Over there.
Starra.save her. Rann draws his maser, stands and paces his left boot one step while Dirk stands and blocks Ranns progress while Dirk presents a set of dead pan straight lips and.
Dirk whispers into Ranns face. Dont you want to know what has happened? Starra has started the fight, Rann. Rann growls like a dying dog, lifting the maser and holds it directly at Dirks heart organ while Dirk smirks with a set of crooked lips, right, sniggering like a sly weasel and.
Watch and learn, prince! Dirk twists his face and body towards Starra as Rann stands besides Dirk with his maser drawn while watching and listening and.
I roll my body sideways onto the rough partial dirt and partial tile floor to other side of the Hotel flooring T-levitate with Telekinesis the next burnt and battered Storage Container up in the air then down on the horizontal row of advancing Rebels. Dead! Theses things dont stop walking, resist from fighting and just keep advancing towards me as I fear the killing time of them hasnt ended. I sigh with taskness.
What.is happening? Rann parts his lips, widely wording softly and staring studiously at Starra.
She moves like magic all these heavy steel containers with her mind, not with any physical equipment, Rann. Dirk explains in the right eardrum of Rann as Rann continues to watch, listen and learn.
Starra does.this feat? Rann words and stares at her.
Starra is not what she seems so watch closer, prince! Dirk instructs as Rann obeys.
A single line of a red wave zings and taps on my right cheekbone as I soar my body upon the rock from more red beams of death, covering my hands over my silver hair roots then belly crawl like a worm using my hands and boot toes and leap, kitten-like facing the Rebels. I T-launch with Telekinesis the three Storage Containers at the approaching bodies. Dead! I feel and see more exposed bones, blood and way too many inner guts of Rebels bombard prettily the air waves while I quickly duck from the muck, covering my sensitive eyeballs and earlobes. I sigh with sorrow.
Starra is crazy girl, tossing things at the peaceful pirates. Dirk comments into Ranns right eardrum as Rann shakes his skull side to side and.
I dont understandyour words, Dirk. The mission is her idea to make peace with pirates. Rann reminds and eye burns Dirk.
This is her plan. Continue to watch her, Rann.look at the things she does.  Dirk eye burns Starra as Rann slowly shifts his face towards her and watches and.
I dance my vertical body into a single cart-wheel, two forward flips then upright in a vertical pose and roll into a tucked somersault and land behind a new Storage Container then I swiftly stand, raising both my arms forming a V pattern and toss the full to the rim heavy than a dang mountain Storage Container in air waves at the deadly approaching pirates, murdering them in a very efficient killing style. I sigh with harm.
I cant save the rebels since theyre too aggressive. Too violent! Too productive with their single working strategy rid the universe of  pretty me since I dont want to die since Im getting married in three short daysonly three more days than the third time line will continue with mealive and breathing. Ill live to happily marry Rann. I sigh with determination.
How is this possible, Rann? Dirk viciously teases in Ranns right eardrum, mouth drooling from his lips while smirking with a set of crooked lips right as Rann shakes his skull side to side, staring studiously at Starra and.
Rann addresses. I dont know, Dirk. I dont understand but Iwill ask Starra. He neck snaps his skull to Ty. Send troops to help Starra. Now!  Ty turns away from Rann and leaves out building.
Wait, and watch Starra she doesnt need help, Rann. She can battle them by lonely herself. She wants to battle with them, Prince. Dirk compliments with evil intentions as they both watch Starra perform mighty feats of magical treats.
For what possible reason, youre not making any sense, Dirk? Rann bites back, watching Starra and.
I scoot my body madly across the tile on my kneecaps collecting rock dust and body bruises then T-shield with Telekinesis my body, protecting my biological assets from the continuous pinging deadly rounds of red maser fire bombardment. Im going to finish my personal task which isnt the negotiation of peace with the Rebels so I have lied to Rann my future husband and prince as Rebel continues to die within my eyesight every minute(thats 50 seconds on Resort.)
Watch for another few minutes, the answer will reveal itself to you, prince. Dirk advises into Ranns right eardrum, and smirks with victory and.
I leap, T-rex across the air current like a horizontal bird and deftly land upright on my boot soles on the other side of the Hotel which is closer to the Rebels as their waves of hard rocks, home-made spears, straight arrows, and sharp blades dont touch me within my T-shield because Im a Tele and I can defend myself. I have the right to defend me against the Rebels and Dirk as Dirk tucks away safely near the door archway leaving me alone and on my own. I sigh with hope.
How can SHE do these magnificent feats? Dirk whispers into Ranns right eardrum as Ranns eyeballs shift left then right following Starra as she lifts and throws several heavy blocks of concrete from the lower level of the flooring up high like a bird into the top rock formation, killing every heated body within their eyesight. Dirk plants new idea into Ranns mind. I can tell you how, prince. She is an alien. She is an Earthling. Starra has invaded our universe to take control. He grins with a wicked smile as Rann neck snaps his skull to Dirk, twisting his lips, ugly and.
Rann addresses. I dont believe you. She cannot take over our universe. He views Dirk then flips his face to Starra and sums. Is that possible?
Look at her, prince. Observe her strength and talents! Do any of our citizens possess those powers? Dirk questions, grinning with a toothy smile as they watch and learn.
No. Rann huffs musically and eye burns Starra and Starras magical feats.
She will conquer us and rule us. Dirk plants into a weak mind.
She is only a commander in the military. She is not a noble. She does not have currs. Rann reacts to the threat.
She will marry you. Youre the richest and most powerful man in the universe, Rann. Youre the key to throw our peaceful universe into chaos. Dirk concludes as Rann neck snaps his skull to Dirk, studying him for.1 second.and.
No. Rann puffs musically then he looks at Starra.
She is not from our universe. She is from the planet of Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy. No one in our galaxy can perform feats of magic like this. Dirk repeats as Rann stares. 
I dance my upright body like a ballerina in need of a new pair of Pointes across the hard rock formation, moving closer to the Rebels while performing an array of awesome stunts of leaping, rolling, and somersaulting with my body in the air waves riding off the walls then bouncing to the floor and changing my body direction away from the stinging deadly maser light show. I use all the big steel Storage Containers, smaller soft metal binds, short wooden barrels, and tiny glass tubs that locates on both sides of the Hotel room, tossing at the ninthnawtenth row of alive and breathing Rebels since they come and blast maser waves at me. I T-probe with Telepathy learning that Dirk has brainwashed the poor creatures into fighting to the death, rather not fleeing for life. I sigh with sorrow.
She jumps across the ball room. Do you see that, prince? Dirk grows.
Yes. Rann huffs musically.
Magic, dont you think? Dirk excites as Starra visualizes launches a rusty and old piece of printing equipment at the live Rebels, smashing their poor bodies dead.
This is how she will destroy the universe, one person at a time. Look at hershe is a fighting machine, no emotion, no compassion. She does not care if they are deformed, discarded or unworthy of being citizens in our galaxy. She has judged and sentenced them to death. This is her plan to rule the universewithout mercy. Dirk harvests.
Rann neck snaps his face at Dirk, and protectively reacts. Starra has always shown compassion towards me. Starra has saved my life on numerous occasions.
She saved your life. Did you ask her why? To rule the universe, you must.first be in control. Who controls our universe? Who is the ruler of the universe? You are. Think about it, you are going to marry her. She will rule with you and then, destroy you and take over the universe. Dirk plants.
Starra wanted Rann words then pauses for thought, eye burning his boots and starts with a slo mo timbre. She wanted to get married. At that very moment, after I announced her as my new princess bride. She wanted to get married, immediately. She did not want to wait four days. Rann looks at Dirk as Dirk nods his skull, once then drops his face to the flooring and.
Dirk plants. Four days. He looks at Rann and continues. is not a long time to wait to take over the universe from us, Rann. Four days, she will be in control.
She listens to me. Rann alerts.
I am correct. She is here to take over the universe. Destroy her, Rann. Kill her now before she brainwashes you. Dirk orders.
I Rann looks at Starra and declares. want to talk to her, first. I want to hear her side of the story. I want to know how she is able to perform these feats of magic. Dirk closetly stands so close to Ranns side facial profile let him might kiss Rann and.
Dirk tattles. I can answer that question for you without her speaking. She is an alien. She is an Earthling from Planet Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy. Rann shakes his skull side to side, watching Starra and.
Rann decides. Ill find out for myself.
She killed them. Starra has killed all of them with her powers and without permission. Thats her plan. To invade our galaxy and take over. Dirk rumbles in his tenor saxophone.
She cannot. She would not. She Rann stops talking and starts pondering silently.
She is a pilot with very talented skills. She is going to marry the ruler of the universe in three days, not a noble, not a commoner but you, the prince. Starra will be the second most powerful citizen in the universe after she marries you, Rann. Dirk plants. Kill her? You have to kill it before it destroys us. Dirk commands. Kill her. Kill her.now.
I want to hear it from Starra. I want Starra to explain her feats of magic. Tomorrow, I will listen and learnabout Starra. Rann ends the debate and.
I study the hundreds of dead bodies scattered beautifully over the hard yellow rock formation, seeing no movement and hearing not sound and believing no Rebels as I sneer like a junk yard dog and promise to eliminate Lord Dirklasthere on asteroid Resort. And, I hide mysteriously that Rannll never know about the dead rebels, the deadly fight, and the total destruction of Dirk. I sigh with toil.
I jump, T-rex from the top cliff of the rock formation, whirling my arms breaking the gravity winds with my kneecaps kissing my lips as I land on boot toes in a crouched position upon the hard flooring then I slowly stands and wiggle arms, hands, feet, and legs for any broken bones or inner injuries as I T-scan with Telemetabolics. Fine and fit! I nosily clap the yellow rock dust and brown earth dirt from my hands, chest, arms, legs and boots, smiling wickedly at my final victory over the dead rebels and my upcoming thrill of a dead Dirk. I pad like a zipper and swiftly turn the rounded corner of the built-in rock formation between the wall and dance floor space and see grinning Dirk then shift my eyeballs to the slight movement on Dirks left and eye burn Rann. I suddenly haltnawalmost faint smashing my eyelashes uprightly, parting my lips like a dying fish and swallow the thick plop of mouth salvia down my tight throat which travels quickly into my flip-flop tummy activating the invisible butterflies and rapidly pray for the T-power of invisibility. Dirk giggles softly and grins brightly in my Tele-sight as Rann presents a set of dead pan straight lips, staring at me as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
Ping! Ping! Ping! The warm air currents swiftly change as I T-flash with Teleclairvoyance, ducking my pretty head and body on the hard floor beside both fallen Dirk and Rann, and feeling a wave of hot heat soar too freaking close below my hair roots while the flying rounds of maser beams launch deadly in a series of cross fires of yellow beams while I twist my face to the far battle commotion, seeing Ty and his loyal band of Ranns Honor Guard units. I sigh with safety.
I upright on my knees holding my face into my chest nosily inhaling and softly exhaling while feeling exhausted and beaten with colorful pink nicks, red nicks, blue gashes, and black bruises all over my body while I performedway too many lands, leaps, and loves with the walls, the rocks and the Rebels with the heavy Storage Containers as I hear no more noise, racket or muttering of any vocal or Tele-words within my eardrums. then, I lift my freckles, seeing Rann eye burn me. I sigh with despair.
Rann quickly advances on boots then rapidly bends at his kneecaps jerking powerfully with both is biceps me upon my shaky boots then questions with an angry baritone. Whats going on here? You were supposed to make peace with these people, not war.
I squirm like a worm between his steel biceps, holding back the wet tears then whine like I stole and ate all the cookies in Mamas cookie jar on top of the kitchen counter. I tried...but, I was My Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
A limp body drops carefully at Ranns boot toes while I recognize Tys blonde hair, his Hunter green noble vest, and his smooth dark skin as Rann violently pushes me away from Ty then he kneecaps to Ty, touching gently Tys sweaty and bloody forehead with both Ranns ten finger pads and offers. Ty, my old friend. I sigh with concern.
Starra can save him. She has the ability to save lives if she chooses to use it. Dirk announces like a radio DJ, bobbing his skull up and down like a farm pony and staring at me. I sigh with terror.
Rann neck snaps his skull at me and jabs an index finger at unconscious Ty then orders. Save him! I only see that Ty bleeds upon the dirt floor, his clothes, and Ranns hands but I can try to save my other friend from all three time lines. I sigh with hope.
I think so. I whisper like delicate butterflys wings. I sigh with doubt.
You think so. He demands hearing my response then questions. What kind of an answer is that? Save him!? Rann stands and moves away from Ty as I eye burn Dirk then look at Rann then see Ty. I sigh with deep worry.
I stumble on shaky boots towards Ty as he lays like a zombie upon the broken un-even chunks of yellow concrete, covering in his red bed of blood as he slo mo dies, coughing too weakly for normal eardrums. I painfully kneecap by him, placing my right hand upon his naked chest that has blown wide open with a maser wave, seeing his pink heart beating up and down like a clock mantel inside his partial open chest cavity. I T-zap with Telemetabolics, pulling his torn and bloody poorly circulated muscle tissue from his busted eighth and ninth rib bones inside his shattered rib cage to cover his exposed naked slo mo beating heart, a few open valves and some of the heart skin muscles. I sigh with trouble.
Tys heart damage is deeply extensive while his pulse is extremely low and his blood pressure is very weak as I beautifully see his spirit in a lovely metaphysical state of my Tele-mind while Ty is preparing to leave Planet Resort on the earthly plane and spiritual travel into the afterlife. I sigh with life.
Tys body bleeds internally from every single body organ including his heart, two lungs, two kidneys, the spleen, the stomach and the brain which is too massive for my T-powers. I cannot save this body, only a Heavenly miracle from a far superiority supernatural being than I. I sigh with peace.
Tys heart barely pumps tiny ounces of blood into his heart valves that feed his brain so Ty is right nowbrain dead. Even if I stabilize his breathing, blood flow and heart rate, Tyll never talk, laugh, sing, or smile while I whisper like delicate butterflys wings. Good bye, old friend.
What have you not done, Starra? What did you say, Starra? Dirk tattles quickly punching the alert to Rann by hitting Ranns elbow.
I truth, shaking my curls side to side and crying softly. I.cannotsave him. Tyis going to die. I look up at him and offer. Iam sorry, Rann. Dirk turns his body from me and.
Dirk whispers into Ranns right eardrum. She will not save him. She does not want to save him. She only wants you, Rann. She does not want anyone else interfering with her plans to rule the universe so she can open the wormhole for all Earthlings to enter our domain. Rann stomps right boot towards me and jerks me by the waist, shoving me towards the rock and.
I profess. I cannot save him. His injures are sever. I wet my tears with both my hands, stumbling backwards as my body taps the cool rock and watch with sadness as Rann swiftly glides on his knees, pulling gently Tys upper chest into his lap and.
Rann promises. Ty, old friend, dont worry! Youll be all right. MED TECH! Med Tech quickly scrambles over Tys body, pulling his bag of fancy shiny medical equipment and pressing three instruments into Tys limp body then upright and shakes his brown skull at Rann and.
Med Tech sums. Sire, I cannot help the Ambassador.
Save Ty! Rann shouts, staring at Ty then Ty weakly coughs, meekly wheezes, slowly breathes then softly coughs and breaths his last breathe. Just like that, you die in a blink of an eyelash.
Ambassador Ty has expired, Sire. Med Tech softly pronounces as I crawl on fours (palms and kneecaps) and gently touch Tys arm.
I T-view with Teleclairvoyance in the past 30 minutes when Ty and Ranns Honor Guard units are crouched outside in the woodlands near the rear door of the building readying the violent attack on the Rebels. Dirk has used his Telekinesis and tossed several large big ugly chair-sized boulders from the high roof top as the chunks of broken concrete land on al the Honor Guard units, murdering them. Ty has dodged to his left but the hand-sized lumps of stones pelt him to ground, unconscious. Dirk killed each guard one by one with his bare hands or using rock fragments. He left Ty alone. He carried building, dumped onto ground. I sigh with disgust.
I remove my right hand as my mental Telepathy images stop in motion and eye burn Rann since I desire the task of tattling my true Tele-events but Rannll not believe me because he questions my sanity orinsanity at the moment. So, Ill wait my time and find more evidence against Dirk to present to Rann and stop Dirk. I sigh with promise.
She did not save Ty. Dont believe her, Rann? Dirk startsagain.
Rann yells to Dirk. ENOUGH! He forcefully grabs my right forearm and powerfully jerks me to my boots as I shuffle my body into his chest and his face as we turn and walk like a deformed insect into the bright yellow sunlight. I sigh with numbness.
I have lost my friend, too as I squint my eyelashes into the bright blue sky and white swirling pretty clouds, pondering the hot day with a nice breezy cool showers of rain as heavy thunder storm echoes in the far distance. Rann pushes and pulls me towards the Royal zipper as the Royal Honor Guard opens the side latch then I slide into the cool seat as Rann babies the steering gear controls of his modified sleek zipper built only for two folks with no luggage and lots of afterburners for a fast ride home to Commerce. I stare into the viewing port at the new set of stars, pray for a miracle, pant for air molecules and ponder deeply thatTy has died. Because, I deeply desperately desire Dirk dead, instead. I sigh with eternal revenge.
Commerce. Starras castle. Front porch. Front door. dark blue sky partly cloudy. full moon. 61F. evening. I am taking you to Bio. You need to see a Bbot. Rann preciously doctors on me with his sexy baritone trombone I smile with joy and grunt with pain inside the passenger seat of the zipper. I sigh with rest.
No, I willI mean, please take me home. I just need to rest. I request while Rann adjusts the zippers trajectory towards Commerce, flying in silent then quickly lands as I dizzy with pain and catnap with rest then Rann jumps, kitten-like out the drivers hatch running around the rear of the ship and opens my hatch. He escorts me to my front door, kissing my dirty cheek with a slight grin and departs. Good night, Starra. Ill see you tomorrow for breakfast.try to rest.
Good night, Rann. Ill see you, tomorrow, too. Ill be fine and dandy, tomorrow when I see you for breakfast, too. I sum, kissing tenderly his cheek as he turns his face from my bloody and chapped red stained raw lips(yuck-o and smelly fianc).and watch him sail away in zipper.
Im a Royal mess as my gray outfit tears in one half with red blood dried on my exposed arms and legs from frog leaping, rabbit jumping, rock hurtling, and bird soaring off walls, the flooring and the rock inside the old damaged Resort Casino and Hotel as I slowly drop into the make bed spread fully dirty within body and mind, closing my eyelashes and peacefully sleeping.
Day 97. Starras castle. Front door, blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 68F, afternoon. One Mbot and two Gbots swiftly arrive at the front steps hovering inside the archway. I sigh with perplexity.
Mbot drones. Lady Starra, Prince Rann requests your presence at the Royal castle, at once for lunch. Apparently, Ive been summoned for lunch, instead of breakfast since I over slept due to my healing trance of Telemetabolics because Ranns so sweet to me. I sigh with marriage.
I dress in a formal pink gown without any gloves or jewelry for our formal lunch date as I giggle with a girly twang while the bots protectively escort me surrounding me as we pad towards the Royal carrier which is empty of Rann. I sigh with safety.
Ranns castle. Throne Room. Gbots escort me to the Royal Throne Room as four Royal Honor Guard units(thats eight citizens)eye inspect me, first then gently open the double set of wooden doors. I sigh with intrigue.
Rann dresses in his traditional white vest and matching white slacks tucked inside his spit and polished black knee-high boots without the satin sash and appears dashing and stunning, and soldierly stands, not alone while Dirk dresses in his usual long flowing chartreuse (thats puke green with yellow spots) tunic, matching pants, cape with a long sword at his hip hostler, grinning like the cat that ate the entire forest of red birdies as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
Rann  ruler of the universe and my future husband is not smiling while Dirk and Rann exist both together in the same place, in the same room, and on the same planet. Not good, yall. I sigh with fear.
Good afternoon, I address to both parties with a smile, not curtsey since I dont curtsey for no one. Are we having lunch? Im starving. I giggle with a girly twang. I sigh with worry.
Starra, how are you feeling? Rann slowly pads across the throne room carpet meeting me in the middle of the room and reaches me before I can get near Dirk and bust his nostrils as Rann gently touches my naked left forearm, thinking that I shouldve worn the gray dress with long sleeves as he closely examines my exposed tanned healthy non-cut skin. I sigh with trouble.
Fine. I play down my awesome T-power of Telemetabolics, eye burn my arm, and see that Rann caresses the smooth skin over and over again with his ten finger pads and his two eyeballs. I sigh with concern.
You are healed, completely healed. I found this to be a miracleStarra. I personally escorted you home, yesterday from battle. You displayed numerous injuries to your tiny body. You also refused to see Bbot. Now, I cant believe my eyes. I see with my eye no cuts, bruises or scars. How is this possible, Starra? Rann eye burns me, pursing his lips, tightly then he neck snaps his skull to Dirk who has joined our little huddle on Ranns left side as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
I grin with a silly smile, batting my long two eyelashes wildly, closing my pink-painted lips tightly while my mind clicks with an English word or sentence of nouns and verbs while Rann neck snaps to me, and continues his analysis. I was also amazed with your fantastical feats yesterday on Resort. Would you mind explaining how you are able to throw heavy objects weighing tons of poundage from one side of a large ballroom to the other side without the use of bots power? Rann eye burns me, pursing his lips, tightly then he neck snaps his skull to Dirk as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
Dirk injects. The answer is so simple, Rann. She is an alien. He looks at me and chuckles like a silly clown. Are you an alien, Starra?  I eye burn Rann as Rann eye burns me and Dirk tattles some more. Starra has arrived through the wormhole near Bonita to invade and destroy our universe, Rann. Planet Earth is dying. Everyone knows this fact. The primitive species have destroyed the precious ozone layer in the atmosphere. The planet will destroy itself in another five yearsor less Shes been sent ahead to scout out for other worlds for her beings called Earthlings. Shes an Earthling from Planet Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy. Dont deny it, Starra if that is your real name? Dirk smiles with a toothy grin and nods his skull, once at Rann and adds. Ask herhow old she is? Earthlings are younger than we. You cannot tell by their appearance but the other side of the wormhole moves slower than our universe. She will give you the wrong answer. I am 17 years, 7 months, 7 days, 7 hours, 7 minutes and 7 seconds old in Earth years, not Commerce time as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
Then, I flash back mentally in the first and second time lines when Lady Rosa was 249 years of age. Lord Dirk was 72 years of age and when Rann teased me at swimming pool that he and I were the same age. I flash present day that I do not Ranns age70 years, 90 years or100 years of age. I sigh with confusion.
I grin with a silly smile, batting my long two eyelashes wildly then painfully feel Ranns tight gripe on my left forearm as Rann neck snaps his skull back to me and inquires with his tomcat curiosity. Whatisyour age, Starra? He eye burns me, presenting a dead pan set of straight pin lips then he neck snaps his face to Dirk as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
She does not know. She can feel your emotions. Be careful, shes trying to read your mind, Rann. Dirk warns as Rann quickly releases my left forearm and rapidly paces three steps from me, believing a deceptive Dirk over a delightfully me while Dirk softly words, and finger pointing hollers. The proof is her arms! She has healed in less than a day. Shes healed. Shes unharmed. Shes alive. No other Rebel lives But.I can explain if you would allow me.
Explain! Rann eye burns me and orders. I sigh with murder.
Starra is an alien. Only an alien can possess powers like hers from a different galaxy and time. Dirk tattles. You asked Starra her age? She cannot answer, Rann. We age faster in this universe but we did not appear to be older like a grandpa, right, Starra. He grins with a toothy smile at me.
Whats your age, Starra? Rann eye burns me as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
Do not tell her? Rather.I should say do not think about your age, prince. She can read minds as well. She has abilities to heal, move objects and read mindslike an alien. Dirk warns.
Are you an alien, Starra? Rann eye burns me.
I link, connect, and Tele to Dirk. Kill you!
Rann smashes his eyelids upright, hearing my Tele-dump into Dirks mind since I forgot that Ranns a tried and true Telepathy as I whisper like delicate butterflys wings. Shit!
Didnt deny it? Answer the king, alien. Dirk demands.
Alien, me I identify to Rann with an honest heart and mind.
Rann commands. Take her.
Dirk charges at me, painfully grabbing my right forearm and painfully jerks me as we turn and pad into the crowded hallway of Ranns Honor Guard units, blocking my rear view of my true love as I sing in flute musicforeverly. Rannnn!? I sigh with sadness.
Wormhole. blue and red ring of fire. Astrosphere. no oxygen. positive 3002F of heat. Dirk swiftly walks, raising his T-shield against my nosy posy Tele-mind probe, expecting a fierce physical fight from me while I quickly tap my sandals on the hard pavement, keeping swift pace with his boot heels and feeling both calm and serene. We slowly step out into the into bright pretty yellow sunshine which I will miss and sniff the sweet perfumed flowers gardens which I will miss more and the nice manicured lawn grass towards his personal slick sleek state-of-the-art zipper. Since there is no place in this galaxymaybe the asteroid of Resort to run? To flee? To hide? I sigh with nothingness.
You have made a wise decision. Dirk thrusts me into the zipper.
You call a decision to die wise. I totally disagree. I oppose his radical idea, sliding into the chair.
You arent going to die. Youre going back through the wormhole. Where you belong, alien? Dirk lovingly opines for my return to Earth, whispering into my right eardrum and webbing me into the seat.
Starra. I smart-hole.
Dirk slides into the pilots seat, rambling on forever. Let me tell you a famous fairy fable. Once upon a time theres a goody glamorous galaxy. The cuddled caring citizens live in both plenty of peace and hands of harmony. Then, one day an equally evil event occurs that changes the course of the goody glamorous galaxy. The appearance of a cold calculating catalyst as foretold in the big baddie Book. No one believes. No one understandsexcept a handful of trustful talented Tele-warriors destined to protect the goody glamorous galaxy.
The Tele-warriors are old set in their ways as yall humans say(chuckles)they do not understand the consequences of their immobile action. The cold calculating catalyst is allowed to live, survive, and thrive in its new environment, its new home, and its new universe.
Youre not the true blame for the total change in the universe, Starra. You wanted to survivelike me. Its a pure miracle that you survived that deadly space shuttle crash on Bonita and with Rosa. She used to be ferocious warrior with her T-duties as yall humans say(chuckles)she wasnt at fault either. She was old and exhausted from training a few selected new T-warriors but she was unsuccessful.
They were not needed. They were not viewed as necessaryexcept by me. I still feel that they are needed along with Rosa. However, Rosa and I did notever get along. You can understand that, right, Starra?
Then, Rosa tells me in secret words that she needs a replacement. Butyou become her replacement, not me. Lady Rosas unwise unrevealed decision affects.everyone in the galaxy, including you. You arent supposed to live. Youre supposed to.
Die. I mice squeak.
Dirk chuckles and adjusts, staring at me. exit, not die. Youre supposed to return to your home Earth. When you accidentally entered the galaxy, you purposefully changed everything, Starra. The essence of the universe has yielded to your wizardly wondrous whims. The universe is your play ground and you enjoy yourplaymates.
I didnt realize at first during our shared first experience that I dub an altered space time continuum what exactly you were, alien.nor the affect you possessed over every person, place and palace in the galaxy. During the second time line, I was still in the darkas yall humans say but I have figured it out within this third time line. I perceive a new set of visions of you and me. I understand whats happening in the galaxy. To you? To me? I recall He eye burns me then looks out the viewing window. .all the past, present, and future events as well from our shared Tele-powers.
Events arent playing in the proper ordering sequence that exited from the first time but they seem to occur nevertheless with same outcomes.
Once dead, always gone. I quote infamously, eye burn the approaching wormhole.
Youre a quick study, Starra. Youre the unpredictable flexing variable in this life equation, Starra. Your single action causes your multiple reactions inside this galaxy that no citizen or no Tele can predict. I cannot forecast any future event. And, I cannot intervene. But, I can watch, wait, absorb, and learn. You affect my Tele powers to awesomeness, Starra. We are equalalien. Dirk ends, chuckling like a silly clown as I ponder that I am the catalyst that interrupts each time line along with Dirk. Therefore, he changes, and grows in his metaphysical strength of an evil spirit in both physical body and mental mind. I sigh with mystery. 
To end the altered and damaged time line, Im sending you back through the wormhole. Youwill live in your galaxy in your time. Then, our time will be restored to normal. I will be restored to normal. Dirk concludes.
I smart-hole. You aint normal, Dirk.
Thank you, alien. Dirk compliments with a head nod, smiling.
I predict. I cannot survive the wormhole, Dirk.
You can. You came through unscathed. Youll be able to return in the same medical condition, alien. Dirk predicts without his crystal ball as I confirm without my Tele powers since Im too emotional to T-view any happenings to me.
Dirk steadily hovers the carrier near the pretty ring of the wormhole, slowly jerking the shirt tail of his tunic and folding back from his waist his shirt sleeve, showing me his burnt black raw arm of ugly charred black bone. You can trace his scar tissues with your naked eyeballs from the various direction so many, many physical surgeries to replace his pale skin unsuccessfully since he acquired these permanent scars from the wormhole that consists only of hot heat, hurricane winds and fire storms. I sigh with pain.
Rita and I were thrown back into our galaxy. We cannot enter the wormhole. Westayhere. Youleavehere. Dirk demands, eye gleaming with hate and updates. Ive changed the mode of transport for your ensured body survival traveling through the wormhole. He un-belts the webbing from his shoulders shifting his body towards the pilots hatch while he waves his five finger pads signaling an approaching carrier on the left side of the ship then he looks at me and talks. I sense hesitation in your actions. He wrinkles his forehead, funny as I wipe the wet tears with both my clean manicured finger pads and sniff my running nose of snot and eye burn both my hands and.
I whine like a kid for a second dessert. I dont wanna to leave. I wanna to stay. I really like livinghere.
Youdo not belong here, Starra. I belong here. You must travel back to your time. Our galaxy will be restored. Everything will returnto normal for all of us. Dirk talks softly, patting tenderly my forearm as I IQ within my brain cells that Dirks working physics theory offers the finale to all my immediate problems such as the dangerous warp jumping to Earth, no job unemployment on Commerce, Ritas hatred of me, Ranns rejection of me, Iras dislike-ness of me, and Dirks capture-ness of me. I sigh with me.
I have prepped this ship for a single object into the wormhole equipped with an oxygen mask, triple force field shielding, and some food stuffs. You.willsurvive. I wish you good luck and happy returns, Starra. Dirk finalizes, gliding his body into the extended air chamber that connects into the carrier while Rita pilots the ship as I hover in the zipper and stare at the pretty wormhole. I sigh with guts.
I slide my body into the pilots ship while Rita hyper speeds out of my way then I gingerly push the single ignition button to power as the zipper slams head on into a series of invisible heated waves of hot red fire and blue hurricane-like winds. The zipper buckles and jerks like a rodeo bronco towards portside as I humor. Not fun, Dirk. Ya shouldve installed shocks. I T-zap with Telekinesis me and the zipper while I dodge the edges of the wormhole and scoot across the blue streams of wind shear inside the red and yellow pretty cave. The cockpit instruments start to melt underneath my naked hands as I jerk my ten finger pads from the silver steel joy stick. Then, I T-view with Teleclairvoyance not seeing the dark outer space of the Milky Way Galaxy but I do see rings of fiery red and yellow flames and blue waving heat from the soaring hurricane winds. I sigh with fear.
I T-zap more with Telekinesis and steer the bouncing ship like a rubber ball into the air stream at the lip of entrance wormhole as the zipper leans to port then I compensate to starboard then the zipper hits the wall on starboard and I compensated my T-zap to port at the heated blue winds rip the metal triplet siding off the cone nose, a right wing, and the sun roof(yeah, baby for the sun) I place the oxygen mask over my nose and mouth and then breath more fear into my frozen mind. The window shield implodes glass over my face, chest, arms, and hands as I jerk backwards into the worn leather buckle seat, covering my bloody skulltoo late with my bloody hands. Many, many loud alarms, piecing whistles, and soprano bells ring into my eardrums inside the burning cockpit as I rapidly lose gravity and fall along with zipper towards the floor of the wormhole then I faint totally into darkness.
Again.I sit, numbingly in my assigned seat and blind, purposefully with my eyelashes closed not moving, not thinking, and not praying since I feel that Im alive and thankful for the survival.
I un-belt the cockpit seats restraints, opening my eyelashes and popping off my space suit helmet then I leap, kitten-like from the chair seeing half of a pilots chair but Im fully intact along with my long wavy gray hair as I lean into the console instrument panel, studying the rough terrain. I sigh with surprise.
I see mountains on the left and a series of dead but slightly alive green trees, bushes, and foliage on the right with a dry crooked narrow vehicle path in the middle of a dead brown planet as my Tele sense ping. Everything aint fine. 
I gallop my body outside the space shuttle archway then leap, T-rex to the dirt ground and point my body at the hidden object and whisper into my eardrums. A structure thats thirteen miles northeast of my position.
I lovingly scan a bright yellow sun, a pretty baby blue sky, a smooth brown soil, and blink back wet hot tears of both happiness and horror. I barely recall within my brain cells meeting a set of new people, places, planets, and palaces, since I have some dang way scientifically traveled both, space and time to visit herefour times.
Im back.as the alien. I sour my facial expression and mental thoughts, shaking gray bangs into my eyelashes.
Planet Vor. old warehouse. dark blue sky. black clouds. rain, 100% precipitation. 67F. afternoon. I slowly truck at 22 miles-per-hour in the Planet Earths solar bike in a down pour of light cold rain from the prettily exploded Earth Space Shuttle, slamming the bikes hand brakes and parking it inside the wet dropping rotten front porch as the soggy wooden floor gives way to the heavy object. Then, the Earth bike swiftly drowns in the wet mud as I snort like a wild boar at my lousy sucky good luck. I twist my face to the rotten moldy door tossing my coat of wet rain drops from my tired body, feeling the chill in the cold air waves and deeply desire a hot beverage and a hotter bath as I trot to the warped door, swiftly touching the door knob. I sigh with day dream.
I am Starra Starbuck, petites at five feet and one inch, weighs 95 pounds and one ounce with a set of long waist-length silver wavy hair against a triangle face with a pair of small gray eyes. And a pointy nose and two set of high cheekbones around a cliff chin, surrounding golden tawny skin tone that decorates with brown freckles of a seventeen year old Farm Administrator from on Planet Earth. I have been drafted by force by Peter Martin into a once in a life-time intergalactic outer space trip to a new planet in a new galaxy using her Tele powers of Telepathy, Telekinesis, Telemetabolics, and Teleclairvoyance. Since I have, for shore, survived.
Time warped alien line #1, I am Lady Starra.
Time warped alien line #2, I am Commander Starra.
Time warped alien line #3, I am Bodyguard Starra.
Time warped alien line #4, I am Alien Starra.
I blink my eyelashes once, twice and thrice back into my nightmare reality then quickly lift my right boot and violently slam it into the middle of the dead tree while the entire door creaks like a haunted house then nicely falls backwards(yeah, baby).away from me and dies upon a white path of dust bunnies killing them dead as I giggle with a girly twang. I sigh with awesomeness.
I rapidly gallop my body around the empty room dancing with some of alive white dust bunnies, seeing a dirty kitchen and a more disgusting bathroom with no additional sitting furniture, no protective weapons to defend pretty me and no sight of space craft. I sigh with entrapment.
I T-view with Teleclairvoyance(future seeing)and see clearly a big T-shaped metal power switch inside a rusty red metal box next to the disgusting smelly bathroom as I tromp my wet boots towards the metal box, slamming it open with my right hand then I ground all my precious T-powers on the earth plane for my awesome electricity power show then giggle with a girly twang and.
I close my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I jerk the switch inside the box into the upright position and see with my eyeballsnada. Since, theres not any working over lamps in the ceiling and no running water in the single lavatory along with no warm heated air circulating buzzing around my cold tired body as I curse for my Angels amusement. Stang!
I eye burn outside the nicely dirty windows the roaming nasty midnight black and purplish blue stormy weather of a series of great big rain drops, a choir of harmonious loud thunder, and many pretty lighting bolts outside the bathroom window echoing along the dark green forests, light green flower fields, and a single beige building(thats me)as I feel the cold and dampness both inside my active mind and inactive body. I sigh with summertime.
I quickly hear with my big Tele-eardrums a new loud sound, not related to the natural storm clouds while I see with my perfect Tele-sight with Teleclairvoyance a set of new approaching air borne flying space craft(mustve stolen from here).illuminating the darkness in this building with the many, many bright head lights on the many, many ships into the missing draped curtains that usually covers the windows as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
I rapidly turn my body towards the hallway driving boot toes in the direction of the Bot and Ship Maintenance Shop(found by T-power of Teleclairvoyance, future seeing)in the darkness then painfully slam my kneecaps into the protruding steel bumper as I compliment my stupid move. Good job, Starra! I giggle with a girly twang popping the pilots hatch and glide into the smooth leather then T-flair with Telekinesis jerking the roof top open as the rusty metal gears pain my eardrum with piccolo music. I gently lift me and the silent zipper into the air for a vertical climb as I clear the roof tiles then slam the ignition button for GO. I sigh with relief.
I quickly feel the roar of a supersonic engine under my fanny, wiggling my ear wax loose from my eardrums as I shoot vertical up into the atmosphere, missing all the police space crafts while I snigger like a sly weasel. I smoothly jerk the joy stick forward and jump horizontal towards wide open cold black outer space as a series of green and red maser fire decorates my zippers paint, missing me and the glass windows. I sigh with too close.
Dog fight! Actually, I love cats more than dogs socat fight.(yeah, baby!) I sigh with fierceness.
I quickly flip the black switch up activating the weapons within the zipper and grin with a nasty smirk, seeing two sets of small glittering maser guns protrude from the left and right side of the ship then I press deeply the different button for death. Nada! I sing in my flute music. STANG! I sigh with real fear.
I punch two black buttons, activating a force field shield around the zipper to protect pretty me. Nada! I sing in my piccolo music. STANG! I sigh with un-happiness.
BOOM! I sing in second octave piccolo music. STANG! Im hit as the zippers engine quietly stalls in outer space(yeah, baby)then roars like a jungle king lion then quietly stalls for a second in outer space and finally musically puffs like a wooden recorder and shows a big long stream of heavy white steam as I hit the hand control. Hot! I quickly release the joy stick as hot heat sears my delicate two finger pads. I sigh with terror.
I powerfully grab the pilots door handle with my left hand as the zipper and me roll and yawn back and forth like a Grandfather Clock moving pendulum while I grab my nose and mouth with my right hand to keep from vomiting bile from my throat. I sigh with sea sickness.
Commerce. Forest. blue sky. white clouds. bright stars. full moon. 65F. evening. The zipper and I quickly plummet like a hard rock into Commerces atmosphere while I T-zap several times with Telekinesis guiding us(me and zipper)safely down into a patch of dirty water puddles into a really rough landing between a batch of tall thin woodland Pine trees. BOOM! BONG! BING!
Thunder cracks loudly within the black sky of Commerce as I jump, kitten-like out the zipper and stand short and straight at five feet and one inch, shaking all movable body parts including fingers, arms, hands, waist, knees, hips, legs, and feet as I sing in flute music. Stang! Everything works. I giggle with a girly twang observing the dark woods and darker blue sky as light rain soaks into my hair roots, freckles and exposed collar bone. I cover my chest with both arms for a little warmth while I shiver in a steady pattern as I stomp my wet kneecaps and booted feet into a small clearing of woodlands that leads to the roadside. I stop and examine the flat well-paved highway and look to the right then turn my face to the left. Empty! I sing in flute music. Stang! Time to walk!
I hike on boot soles in the light rain for four minutes giveor take three minutes and stop along the wet ditch then waddle my bee_hind to a wet log inside a pile of logs stranded like me along the roadside thinking and pondering my delicate situation. I do not possess food, currs and transport as the light rain pours in like a mop bucket cleaning the dirty woodlands as I sing in flute music. Stang! Mother Nature doesnt like me.
I ignore the rude wet droplets, the intense cold wind and the unkind wetness that pounds my curls and boots under the soggy tree limb, thinking of Dirk with both disgust and delight(hold on, let me explain). Dirk is the variable.nawvillain of my fairy tale so I need to find his bee_hind and toss it onto a hard tile and demand a psychic.nawphysics explanation of the serious situation since Dirk recognizes me returning in each newly created time line. I sigh with mystery.
Ill befriend Dirk and get my un-friendly answers my way as I snort like a wild boar orI can get help from Rann the love of my life since hes always there for me as I giggle with a sweet twang. I sigh with true love.
My active brain switches mental gears into Dirks continued interest in me. No, way! And, Dirk is hiding something from me. Yeah, way! The rain stops as I stand, flicking the new accumulated water from my soggy clothes, scanning the empty roadway. Im out in the woods alone thinking that I never know Planet Commerce contained a batch of green thick forests and brown trees of woodlands along with a few well-hidden hungry wildlife. I only visit the luxurious warm castles and attend the pretty Royal balls with the only one gentleman in the universeRann as I giggle with a girly twang. I sigh with true love.
I drag my wet boots like a dying grandma along the hard pavement, seeing in the distance the illuminated city lights reflecting off the dark sky while I dont remember the weather pattern rain on Commerce either. I trot slowly for two more minutes (give or take 80 seconds since theres 50 seconds in a Commerce minute).then stop at the big wide fruit bush. Hungry has invaded my mind which is more important than a ride as I giggle with a girly twang and attack the bush.
I rapidly cram ten blue berries(yeah, I counted) into my parted lips, chewing unladylike then nosily swallow the great meal as I gently rub my tummy with both my palms and suddenly feel thirsty then I violently shake the tree limb with both hands and one boot toe. I drop my curls backwards and open my mouth wide as the pure rain water pours onto my pink tongue then down my esophagus, and finally into the empty stomach. I sigh with barbarianism.
An invisible face voices in a deep baritone trombone music. StarraI twist my body upright then view a dashing and dangerous Rann as I blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice and see a dashing and dangerous Rann standing along the road in front of a carrier as I smile brightly and observe intensely. Rann possesses his curly black hair, brown eyes, dark tanned skin on five feet and ten-inched frame and weighs 195 pounds with his rippling shiny golden muscles all over his body. He decorates in a sleeveless and shirtless spilt right down the middle white vest with his white slacks neatly tucked into a pair of spit and polished black knee-boots using my Tele-sight night vision. I sigh with true love.
I smile sweetly, clapping my wet finger pads together then leap, kitten-like into the air like a jungle queen cat and run unladylike with both my arms and hands swinging up and down then violently plow my open palms first into Ranns naked chest. I quickly splash wetness over Rann, his clothes, his boots, and his big biceps as I giggle with a girly twang and Rann chuckles like a silly clown then he wraps his wet biceps around my cold shivering body. I sigh with true love.
That beast smells. An invisible face echoes in her alto clarinet, presenting next to Ranns right bicep as I deeply squint my eyelashes and see Rita. Rita smiles fully touching tenderly Ranns collar bone and studying me intensively then Rann quickly drops both his biceps to his legs as I dart backwards freezing in the cold air. I sigh with frosty.
Princess Rita A nameless tall pale skinned girl shuffles into Ritas right side, holding a big umbrella over Ritas crowned tiara skull. I sigh with confusion.
Rann neck snaps his skull to servant. Not yet. He flips his eyeballs back at me and expresses compassionately. Are you hurt or lostStarra? He smiles sweetly at me and.
It smells. Rita slurs, touching Ranns shoulder while smiling at me then Rann neck snaps his skull to her.
Rann commands. Ritaas my future wife, I want you to understand that weboth you and I have a universal duty to aid the sick and lost. Were responsible for all citizens in the universe. He eyeballs me with a friendly smile as I still stand alone in the cold air, shivering.
It stillsmells. Rita spits, cruelly.
Lost? I sing in my piccolo music, looking slightly shy and smoothly sly.
You can stay at the castle untilyouget found. Rann chuckles at his lame joke as I giggle and he proposes. Hows thatStarra? He neck snaps his skull to Rita, rumbling in a drop dead baritone trombone. Take the second carrier. He views her long velveteen gown that covers her collar bone to ankle bones and remarks. I dont want your gown soiled from the rain storm and mud puddles. Rann swings his face at me, smiles with a toothy grin and tenderly grabs my wet right hand, dragging me to the second air ship and he inquires with tomcat curiosity. Starrathats a very beautiful name. Wemet beforeat the lawn picniclast week. Thats why I recall your name, correct? I cant remember your native planet. Whos your noble? I sigh with true love.
Day 99. second floor. Servant. dark sky. black clouds. rain and thunder. 60F. morning. I blink open my eyelashes and stare studiously at the down pour of rain, bombarding the glass window of Ranns castle inside my warm and cozy bed of purple array of colored satin sheets, bed comforter and pillow cases. I sigh with perfection.
Up, girl A rude husky alto voice yells into my left eardrum as I flip my face towards bad breathe of a queen-sized female talks to me in an unfriendly tone without her missing two front teeth towards beautiful me. Beauty sleep done, sweetie? Time for work, girlfriend. I sigh with annoyance.
She jerks the bed spread from my body as I slowly stand in my new pink flannel nightgown, rubbing the crude out of yellow sleepy crumbs and wet eye matter from both eyeballs as my new supervisor painfully grabs my right forearm, jerking me in a completed circle. She comments. Too skinny. She quickly pinches the flesh on my right forearm and comments. No muscles. Can you walk a straight line without stumbling? She questions as I nod my curls, once in silence and obey by walking straight from the bed to the wall then return back to her and she smiles and announces. A waitress. She waddles to the archway, finger pointing at a dressing room beside the doorway and finales her order. Uniforms, over therefind one. I sigh with depression.
My job assignment is a waitress who waits on food tables inside the Bar which is inside Ranns Royal castle as I wear the short, the shorter ormaybe the shortest little dress in the universe since the seamstress has used up all the gold fabric on pretend Princess Rita as I giggle. I look like a golden ballerina with a gold tutu and no tights or no leotards under a short ruffled skirt with a pair of four-inched sparkling golden glitter shoes. I sigh with shame.
First floor. Kitchen. Breakfast shift. I follow the other slavenawservant girls down a long  dark hallway then turn right into the big wide hot kitchen and see big black heated stoves burning with piles of green wood, blazing black ashes and popping red sparks under the black cooking pots and pans for the morning breakfast shift for feeding the hunger on Commerce. I stand in line in front of the hot fire, holding a single empty bowl like a peasant and wait for my hot oatmeal like a slave from the stove cooking pan as red and yellow fire inside the brick hearth heats the room, the food, the cooks, and the servants. I sigh with hotness.
I eye burn the clean window and watch the rain flood the streets, ditches, house yards, and tile roofs since I dont remember the weather being so nasty with cold, wet, cloudy, windy, dull, and sunless skies over Commerce. The rainy season, sometimes it rains every day for a month. The older servant updates in my left eardrum.
I line my bee_hind against the massive fire warming me from the continuous cold rain and breezy wind flowing underneath my short golden tutu dress as the heated fire burns my legs red with color then I quickly twist my body around to the front as my kneecaps turn pink tinted then red colored then I repeat my newfound procedure of warming my cold legs. I sigh with warmth.
Tall shapely Rita with her pretty flowing long good-conditioned blonde hair and alert beautiful blue eyes drags her floor length red gown behind her and commands like a queen of the castle. Wheres my tea? I want my teaNOW. I back slide my body closer to the hearth brick out of Ritas waving arms and flinging dress train. TEA! Rita screams like an attacking cat on these poor field mice as Rann soldierly stands inside the archway, observing an over-crowded room of servant and selects me then smiles at me and then advances to me and.
Rann sings in his sexy baritone trombone music. Starra I step sideways from twirling Rita as my golden dress bushes lightly against the heated hearth then feel an intense heat on my bee_hind while Rann parts his lips wide like a dying fish and quickly rips the red cloth shawl from Ritas collar bone and leaps, T-rex-like at me. He drops to his knees and quickly wraps the shawl around the edge of my tutu skirt, patting it hardy from my kneecaps to my bee_hind while he wickedly grins with a toothy smile on the floor as I stand with shock and worry since my skirt was flaming with fire and heat. I sigh with true love.
Rita back slides her bee_hind to the edge of heated hearth like me wearing a very wide, very long, and very fluffy red frock in which her train measures six feet long as she gathers the train and tosses it to the side of her body accidentally into the hot flames of the hearth fire. Poof!
FIRE! A brave soul shouts, running out of the Kitchen, leaving me to watch entertainingly Rita burn, literally.
Rita screams like a girl then runs around small space in kitchen like a cat with its tail on fire. Ya knowfires not fun to play with since its very, very dangerous forher.
Rann leaps, kitten-like upright from his squatting position around me then wraps his steel biceps around my waist as we drop, spin, and roll like a sideway dance couple on the hard tile out of Ritas dancing pathway then Rann protects my tender body with his strong arms and steel chest. I sigh with true love.
Rann powerfully kicks with his left boot at single bucket of water from the tall utility shelf and watch it land on Ritas dress train while the weak utility shelf sways forward then backwards slamming into the back wall then launching at standing Rita who examines her burning dress train. A total of cold icy buckets of fifteen waterfalls pours over poor Rita, dripping down her hair roots, neck, back muscles, and waistline then onto the partially folded dress. That results in the fiery flames being extinguished on her dress and water floods the room while Rita gets wet as I giggle and.
Rita cries. My dresss ruined. She exits the archway while Rann and I kneecap on the floor, wrapped in each other arms for a Teddy bear tight embrace as I giggle, chin whipping my face into my neck with shyness.
Rann stands, pre-offering gentlemanly his hand as I graciously accept then Rann wraps his steel biceps around both my shoulders and smiles and joshes. Most exhausting maneuversaving your He cocks his skull to the right then chuckles like a silly clown and whispers into my eardrum. asset.the fluffy dress. I like your fluffy dress. Its cute! He smiles with a toothy grin then we exit the archway together into the empty hallway as Rann inquires with his tomcat curiosity. What planet do you hail from, Starra? I giggle.
First floor. Kitchen. Lunch shift. I stand in line for my lunch, holding an empty bowl for a second round of hot oatmeal while Rann attends a meeting to discuss kingly business without me while Rita parks her body inside the kitchen archway, surveying the servant and.
Rita inquires with her kitty-cat curiosity. Can anyone pilot a ship? I sigh with shock.
This is my chancemy moment of royal glory to get out of the waitress business as I quickly glance down the standing lineup of the other servants since no one is moving or speaking or breathing then I sing in my piccolo soprano nervously. I can.
Follow me. Rita orders, turning her body down the long empty hallway. I sigh with intrigue.
Fourth floor. Entertainment Room. black clouds. Rain. Thunder. 55F. Sitting as quiet as a red bird in a bird bath is newest model state-of-the-art carrier for some awesome outer space flying. I sigh with joy.
I march down the wide steps then leap, kitten-like onto the patio terrace, staring and drooling at the new ship and I press my five dirty finger tips upon the clean window, observing the new silver paint, two sets of new seats and a new console of slick steel controls inside the new cockpit. A carrier ship fits two people in the front and five pieces of luggage in the rear as I smile with eagerness then neck snap my curls at Rita as she stares at me. I sigh with nervousness.
I open the pilots hatch door and direct point with my index finger and command. You should sit here in front of the joystick. Ill sit beside you just in case you need assistance. Rita shifts her gown to the assigned seat as pilot as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
I slide into the passenger seat and ignore my T-powers since I want a new job from being a waitress and order. Ill instruct you step-by-step. I teach. Take hold of the joystick. Rita obeys then I instruct. Press the ignition switch. The two afterburners ignite as you smell the heated exhaust within your nose holes then I order. Release the joystick. The carrier floats vertically from the flat platform on the terrace as Rita starts to touch the joystick. I hold my hand over the joystick and order. Not yet, let the ship rise another five feet. I order. Touch the stick and push it forward. I order as the carrier smoothly moves in slow pacing speed and compliment. Youre a pilot, nowPrincess. I note that this is Ritas first time driving a super duper space craft without using my Telepathy. I sigh with death.
The.Wall! Rita staccatos the words.
What about the Wall? I inquire with kitty-cat curiosity as I poke around inside the hidden compartments for fun.
Fly to the Wall. Rita direct points her index finger at the portal screen with a shaking finger tip nervously.
The Wall? Do you know how far that is? I update while twisting my lips, ugly.
I order youfly me to the Wall. Rita commands and growls like a baby grizzle bear and should sing the Earth song of Fly Me to the Moon because thats where well end up if I dont take control of this star ship. I sigh with duty.
the Wall. black outer space minus 1000F. I T-flair with Telekinesis, guiding usthree(me, carrier and her).a steady and safe outer space flight path to the wall since I desire to live for another day and flirt more with Rann this afternoon at dinner time as I giggle. I sigh with true love.
And, Rita cannot fly since shes not very good at piloting. I dont trust her and I dont like her wanting this flying lesson to end since Rita can practice flight with one of her many Royal body guards on the next trip to the Wall. We zoom pass each planet at light speed travel then finally soar pass the space station Militia as I park the hovering craft 520 feet from the Wall. Thats the big square thing in the middle of the universe divides the two solar sun systems and I announce. You did it. You have successfully flown to the Wall. I giggle while Rita flips her face to me and.
Rita demands. I want to fly through the Wall to the other side into the new solar sun system.
Fly I sing in piccolo music.
Now! She yells as I quickly scan the radar comlen looking for a small opening. Nada! I T-probe with Telepathy then scan the Wall looking for a peek of light then I find one and snicker like a sly weasel. If Rita wants a ride through the Wall, then Rita gets a big scary ride through the Wall with some awesome Tele power assistance as I giggle with a girly twang. I finger point at the comlen and.
A hole! I order. On my mark, I want you to push the joystick forward as far as possible. I watch the comlen as a second precaution for an opening to enlarge as I T-flair with Telekinesis. Three, two, onemark.
Rita pushes the joystick forward then I T-fly with Telekinesis, jamming the Carrier quickly, quietly, and safely into my newly formed rock seam then emerge wethreesafely on the other side since Im a slave girl and shes a princess doll. I neck snap my face to Rita and sing in piccolo music.  Stang! I see Rita the future wife of Prince Rann slumped at her big breasts over both the joystick and the wide console panel whos totally unconscious with a visual fleshy slice on her right cheekbone. I sigh with mystery.
I grab the steering controls with a T-flair of Telekinesis shifting the carrier through the other side of the Wall, shoving the ship to Uni racing faster than regular light speed in outer space and press the button, announcing wildly. May day! Emergency! Rita has fainted.
Uni. Toks castle. black outer space. minus 1000F. Six Bbots, eight Royal Guards, and two Gbots wait for menawfor Rita, lining like tiny row of ducklings against the white docking wall. I sigh with intrigue.
A long slender horse face of pointy nose and chin, bird-like green eyes, long forehead, red hair, and pale skin tone wears a red tunic with matching red slacks tucked into his black knee-boots allowing his red cloak to drift from his thin narrow shoulders that drags like a pretend medieval king on the rough cement floor. I sigh with danger.
I jump, kitten-like out of the ship, watching the six Bbots lift and drag Ritas unconscious body onto the single hovering stretcher then out of my gray eyesight as Dirk viciously attacks with wordsnot wounds. Seize her.
ME! I mice squeak, eye burning the Gbots that hover near me as Dirk stands behind the Gbots and.
Gbot machines You are under arrest for the kidnapping of Princess Rita future wife of Prince Rann and future ruler of the universe. Every face and face plate stares at me as I drop my mouth open like a hungry shark for the upcoming string of future curse words at Dirk when eight Royal Honor Guards surround me with masers and Gbot drones. Quiet, you have no privileges in this universe, convict. I sigh with disappointment.
Captain of the unit mouth spits into my face. Youre being arrested, contained, and tried for kidnapping the Princess of the Universe. I sigh with shock.
I correct. I didnt kidnap the princess. I was giving her a pilots lesson in the ship, you mor. Dirk shoves me towards the zipper and.
Take the convict to jail. Dirk injects as a guard grabs one of my waving arms and another one stuffs a white rag into my mouth and then a pair of metal cuffs around my wrists as Im jerked, pushed, and shoved into a new carrier. I sigh with roughness.
The engines roar like a jungle king lion with high power as the carrier heads off Uni dipping down into outer space before heading in a straight line while my bile fills my stomach lining instead of exploding over the glass window and the floor. The space rides a little rough since the pilot does this on purpose to scare me, frighten me ormaybe, just to get rid of me. I sigh with toughness.
I gurgle from the rag thinking that you should ride with Rita. Now, thats a scary ride as I grunt like a dying dog and note that we fly in the wrong direction. I sigh with confusion.
Commerce. Ranns castle. Tower room. dark blue sky. black clouds. no sun. rain. Thunder. 65F. afternoon. I slowly walk between a set of two guard escorts through the empty lobby, down the main empty hallway and then we stop at a set of gray elevators as I step inside the empty carriage. Guard hand presses the number seven on the elevator panel for the Tower Room as we shift upward then rapidly travel. The elevator stops along with my heart. I sigh with concern.
Im shoved by my tied and bind body forward into the small room while I ignore the single gray cot beside me, posing like a pretty but innocent convict behind a new set of silver bars forming a tiny jail cell as I walk to the newly installed clean glass window that measure 8 feet by 8 feet hearing the slick cell door slam shut. Bang! I move to the small cot, laying like a zombie on the tiny blanket, closing my eyelashes.
I T-probe with Telepathy hearing the birds sing and frogs croak while pretty white clouds dance sweetly with a blue sky with my body guards present and the old nobles missing. Commoners do the work as I drift into outer spacemindlessly. I sigh with daydreaming.
Commoners are the working class who represent the shopkeepers, teachers, clerks, and technicians and live their days and night on their native home planet collecting currs for food, shelter, clothing, and the rest of their essentials of life. They work three days in a five-day solar week and have two days for fun and leisure. 
Planet Resortonce a tourism planet and once possessed millions of lush tropical rainforests, hundreds of fresh water lakes and ponds for fishing and hunting and used to host music, dances, feasts, and parades until the midnight hours and beyond. Now, asteroid Resort is a floating piece of shitty rock against the black cold outer space with a colorful array of indigo destroyed building, abandoned structures, and secret Rebels that live by the maser wave.
Planet Sahara is an orange desert planet which is the hottest spot in the galaxy among the two sun systems where the long-term prisoners live, work, play, anddie.
Planet Agri is the food planet producing meats, fish, vegetables, fruits, breads, herbsand animals for the universe with its secretive and isolated mysterious Business Associates.
Planet Commerce is the established power and economic center of the universe, hosting the Game which is an organized sporting event which resembles a collection of football, baseball, soccer, volleyball, and basketball team that rules and regulations similar to some of Planet Earth sporting events.
Planet Bio is destroy and replaced with a man-made floating space station world with numerous hospitals, clinics, pharmacies, physicians, nurses, and Bbots. If a citizen becomes ill, or injured, the patient is treated by both citizen and robot personnel.
Planet Uni is radiated dust mite in outer space which was destroyed completely in the second time line and re-built in present time line as man-made space station that orbits around Planet Agri that house and holds all the children and teachers for school learning.
Planet Militia is never been a real earth and water place but a man made space station of the galaxy police force since the Militia force consists of lots of land, sea and air troops. They also escort prison inmates to the prison planet like me.
Planet Tech is a modern state-of-the-art high-tech industrial planet which is an assembly of manufacturing plants and factories performed by and controlled by robots and its robotic mistress, Rita.
Planet Iceonce cold, white, and snow covered land mass of half frozen water and a half frozen islandis a wasteland of radioactive dust and particles floating ball in the universe not re-created in the current time line since all folks are dead and buried under red snow flakes.
Planet Bonita is a living planet with plenty of green trees, pretty flowering plants, and an assortment of fruit bushes on the northern end while the southern end is still a freaking mystery to me.
I blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice staring at the purple ceiling as my eardrum pick up the loud noises down near the elevator then the heavy foot balls stomp hurriedly up the twisting steps then the Tower door rattles quickly then stops swiftly and.
Open it, now. Rann rumbles in deep sexy baritone trombone.
Yes, Sire. An invisible Guard obeys while the metal keys clank against the metal knob. CLICK!
Rann enters the Tower room, and follows closely by Rita with her Royal Honor Guard unit behind her and Dirk is behind the Royal Honor Guard unit. Rann paths to my bars looking very worried, wrinkling his forehead, ugly as Rita looks very happy and smiles at me and Dirks smirks like a true evil villain. Rann stops as Rita stands on his left and Dirk besides Ritas left while Rann neck snaps his skull to Rita and demands. Whys Starra here?
Dirk words out of turn. Your slave kidnapped the princess.
Rann mocks and eye burns Dirk. Thank you, Rita for answering my question. Rita shifts her blue eyes to the gray tile floor as Rann looks at me without smile.
Open the prison door, NOW. Rann orders and eye burns me.
Shes dangerous, Your Highness. Id advice against it. Dirk instructs and watches me.
Did you hear me, Guard? Rann shouts while Guard moves to the door then turns the open lock. CLICK! I do not move from the cot as Rann motions with his right hand and offers. Please, come this way, Starra He holds his arms in a semi-circle for a warm embrace as I quickly stroll into his warm hands and his steel biceps, grinning. Rann neck snaps his skull to Rita. Tell me the story, again.
She was Dirk starts as Rann uprights his palm in the air stopping the racket. Too bad, Rann doesnt punch Dirk in the face. I sigh with violence.
Rita, you tell me what happened? Rann demands, wrapping both his arms protectively around and pulling me into his hard chest. I sigh with true love.
I was kidnapped and struck in the face by her. Rita tenderly touches her injured face. See the mark on my cheek. She cries with real wet tears from her eye sockets in fake pain as Dirk smirks and Rann frowns. I sigh with doom.
Rann pulls me from his chest, facing me then talks softly. I want to hear your story, Starra. I sigh with shock.
I close my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Concentrate. Relax. Focus.
Then, I open my eyelashes and look at Rita then I view Dirk then I eye burn Rann and I lie honestly. I kidnapped the princess. Rita smiles while Dirk drops his jaw line and Rann purses his lips, tightly then Rann pulls me into his face and.
He words softly. You kidnapped her on purpose, is this correct? 
Yes, I did. I answer dishonestly and bob my curls up and down like a farm pony.
Please explain to me why you wanted to take the princess. Rann leans his soft lips heavy into my right cheekbone and inquires with his tomcat curiosity.
I dont wanna be a servantanymore. I want freedom to make my own choices. I kidnapped Princess Rita hoping that I could escape in the ship and start a new life. I wouldve returned the princess unharmed in the new ship using the homing beacon and automatic navigational controls back to Commerce. I didnt get that far. I lie.
You have the skills to pilot to a star ship. Rann asks wrinkling his forehead, funny.
Yes, I can. I nod my curls, once scanning the face and see that Rita smiles while Dirk frowns since he didnt anticipate my white lying answer to Ranns single question that I have admitted to pretend kidnapping of Rita. I sigh with victory.
Ya see.I tapped on Dirks open brain cells for some more secret info since Dirk really desires something from me very badly and has set up the kidnapping plot for me. If Im found guilty, then Ill be executed. However, Dirk has arranged for me to be taken to Planet Sahara for a private execution since I cant escape from him. Now, Ive get to figure out what he desires  as I smirk with a set of crooked lips, right while Rann studies me.
Please believe me, Rann. I connect, link, and Tele to Rann.
I believe you, Starra. Rann smiles then neck snaps his skull to Rita. Starra has confessed. Im releasing her.
Releasing herbutshe admitted to kidnapping and beating me, Rann. Rita protests while Rann nods his skull, once and.
Rann agrees. She did. I guess that makes her very dangerous toyou He neck snaps his skull at Rita with a wicked grin. sweetie. Ya seeStarrall be in my sole custody until she has learned to behave as acitizen. He swings his face to me, giggling and grinning at me as he grabs my right hand then we flip our bodies as one towards the archway as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
Rita stomps her right sandal on the hard tile then strikes her right fist in the air and announces. Shes guilty of kidnapping me. Im generous allowing the criminal to stay in the Tower Room. I demand that she be hung in the gallows today for her evil plan. Dirk nods his skull, once in silent agreement, not boasting in Ranns presence for a second time as Rann and I swing our body towards the racket and.
Rann rumbles in his sexy baritone trombone. Im prince of the universe, Rita. I dictate rewards and punishment for the citizens of the universe. Rita shrugs her shoulders, once and eye burn the floor then Rann continues. Keeping mygirl, he smiles at me then twists a skull to snarls like an alligator at Rita, .hidden and locked inside the Tower without any food or water.deserves punishment fromsomeone. Starra has confessed in honesty with her failed deed. Im foregoing the execution and releasing Starra of the death penalty for kidnapping youRita. Starrall be confined to her suite for two days until further orders from me, the prince of the universe. Do you object to my decree, Rita?
I do not Rann. Rita whispers softly as Dirk stares at us leaving the Tower Room.
Elevator. Rann words, hugging me close. Im sorry about your treatment from Rita and Dirk. Rita has been acting funny for the past week. I do not know whats wrong with her. ButI do know whats wrong with me. He chuckles like a silly clown and cradles me between his biceps, whispers softly into my right eardrum. How about an early supper, Starra? I yawn with an ugly pose then cover my hand over my lips and Rann adjusts. How about a nap before our late supper, Starra? I nod my curls in silent and smile biggy at Rann as he wraps his steel biceps around my tired muscles and mental mind from my Tele-actions.
Second floor. guest room. We stop then move out the elevator upon the second floor as Rann finger points at the empty room on the right. Youll enjoy these new accommodations more than the Tower Room. If not, I can arrange something more He pauses for beauty at me and grins then comments. interesting. He winks his eyelid, right and pulls me into the pretty room as I see and smile beautifully at the pink paint on the queen-sized bed with the pink matching wooden chest, a round table, two side chairs, and a colorful covered flower garden brick patio and a private lavatory. I sigh with happiness.
Restas long as you need, Starra. He offers then kisses tenderly my dirty forehead. Have good dreams! Ill wake you when Im hungry. Rann chuckles like a silly clown as I nod my curls in silence then he about faces towards the archway, disappearing. I limp my body over to the cozy bed plopping down in my dirty clothes and enjoying the cool air fluttering around me from the proper air conditioning system. Then, I night dream of Rann with his sweet smile on my soft lips as my Tele senses ping. Everythings fine.
Midnight. I pop open my eyelashes then blink once, twice then thrice as I sing in soft piano music. Stang! I sense with my big Tele-ears the Diversion inside the empty hallway as Diversion #2 climbs a side ladder and stumbles nosily into the four free-standing flower pots inside the private balcony slipping silently through the closed window and hides behind the pink curtains. I kneecap on top of the soft bed in my clean but wrinkled pink sleeveless tank top and shorts and bare feet and patiently wait for the non-surprise attack. 
Halt! Rita voices in her alto clarinet loudly inside the archway as the rooms overhead lamps illuminate in an array of yellow light while I nosily gasp then snarl like an alligator. Rita grasps zombie-like Rann by his throat with her left five finger pads while his arms are limp and his eyelids are open with no blinking action. I T-probe with Telemetabolics, scanning his biological signs quickly since Rann appears to be in a mild state of shock. I sigh with concern.
Her right hand contains a wiggling snake, not just an ordinary snake but a Sahara sand snake that causes death upon a single touch. I flash back mentally in the second time when I remembered that a single drop of its venom kills in three seconds permanently.
Dont move, sweetie. Rita orders as Dirk emerges like an idiot from the draped purple curtains.
I didnt mean to be so dramatic but this seemed the one way to get your attentionStarra. Dirk smiles and announces in his alto saxophone. I do not move, talk or react but do hold my angry before launching my bare finger pads to murder Rita while she holds a six-inch deadly snake at Ranns neck muscles. Dirk breaks my vicious day dream bloodlust. You seem to be in a cooperative mood tonight. I slice silver slivers(like the s words).at Dirk, holding my deadly fury as he direct points his pale index finger out the balcony doors and commands. Your chariot awaitsprincess. He chuckles as I see a hovering carrier ship that fits four citizens and eight pieces of luggage alongside the blooming rose flower pots. Rita probably has ordered her Royal Honor guards to ignore the situation, or has ordered them sedated to sleep through the situation. I shift my eyelashes to Dirk then return my snarl at Rita. I sigh with murder.
Rita lovingly embraces her future husband Rann, clasping the snake protectively with her gloved right hand almost touching his throat as I T-flair with Telekinesis, retrieving quickly a hidden golden dagger inside Dirks flowing cape pocket and accurately fling the blade at the wiggling snake that immediately releases the gripe from Ritas right hand then I T-fly with Telekinesis and precisely pin the dead snake against the rear wall behind Ritas skull, killing it permanently and herlater in this fairy tale as I sneer like a junk yard dog. I sigh with victory.
Rita smashes her long black eyelashes upright, parting her cherry red lipstick wide like a dying fish showing the tips of her  pink tonsils as I giggle with a girly twang while Rita reflexes and opens her five finger pads from Ranns neck as he falls with smooth down with Commerces gravity.
I wave five finger pads of my right hand and T-zap with Telekinesis and gently grab upright Rann then raise him two inches from flooring and shuttle him into my open arms as I cuddle him against my left shoulder and chest cavity. I run a T-bio-scan with Telemetabolics, double-checking his healthy medical condition then tenderly place Rann in a zombie-pose on the soft carpet with both my hands, and arms with a T-touch of Telekinesis since Im five feet petiteness to his five feet of tallness and sweetly smile at my princely Rann, touching gently his right cheekbone with my left index finger then I dip down my face and kiss gently his closed pink soft lips. I sigh with true love.
I pop my five feet petiteness upright then stand soldierly in my pink top and shorts with bare feet growling like a baby grizzle bear and announce. Now, Im ready.
Bravo! Bravo, Starra! Dirk claps both hands loudly and laughs with a cheery tone as Rita hisses like a live Sahara snake and retrieves Dirks dagger from rear wall while gravity pulls the dead snake to the carpet.
Bonita. Brown dirt. blue sky. no clouds. 62F. sunrise. Both door slam automatically as I slide my bee_hind into the soft leather rear seat of the carrier ship, squishing my naked toe bones against soft carpet as I connect, link, and Tele-probe my ship mates. Death for me.
Rita has wanted me dead since the first time line, making her fourth attempt so far unsuccessfully as I giggle when Rita swings her ugly face to me as the carrier launches smoothly from my private patio and light speeding into Commerces atmosphere off the planet into the night outer space sky.
Where are we going to hide her, sweetie? Rita twists her ugly face to the side and wrinkles her skin around her mouth at Dirk as I observe the love birds and.
Bonita I sing in my flute music then snort like wild boar since I know the correct answer and I know that Dirk wants me retuned to Planet Earth via the pretty wormhole as usual making this his fourth attemptof something. I sigh with doom.
Shut up, slave. Rita yells nasty at me without looking at my pretty freckles.
Bonita. Dirk sings in his tenor saxophone while I giggle and Rita scares.way to easy and.
Rita hollers at Dirk. Are you crazy? The radiation rays from the maser bombs will killusyou and me
Theres no radiation. The storys a myth. He words honestly, piloting the ship towards Bonita.
Butthe Book states that the maser exposure stays for thousands of years from any wave attack. She educates.
Who do you think wrote that passage inside the Book, Rita? He educates all of us. I sigh with surprise.
Rosa I sing in my flute music then snort like wild boar since I know the correct answer.
Shut up, slave. She yells nasty at me without looking at my face.
Rosa. Dirk sings in his tenor saxophone as I giggle while Dirk cuts the ships afterburners inside the atmosphere of Bonita. I studiously stare at the lush healthy landscape consisting of dark Hunter green growth of plants, live varied vivid colored vegetation, and pretty rainbow blooming flower pods, instead the patches of yellowish brown dying weeds from my very first visit in my alien time line #1. Dirk nicely thumps the carrier upon a new batch of grass under a pretty baby blue sky while the fiery colors of red, yellow and blue rotate around the continuous burning wormhole ring watching protectively oversomething. I sigh with intrigue.
Rita pops her folded tall body out of the hatchs door, pulling a maser from her gown pocket then direct points the weapon at my curls and orders in her alto. Get out!
Dirk slides his tallness out of the pilots seat and wisely instructs, staring at her. Dont bother, Rita! He surveys with eyeballs and neck rotation the open flat plane of dirty earth like hes looks for something and orders. You cant kill her. He swings his face and grins with a toothy smile at me as I stumble out the ship, landing on my kneecaps and adds. Andwe both know that, right, Starra. I sigh with trouble.
Dirk is too correct since I dont die but return and create a new line as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine while Rita ignores Dirks commands, waving her weapon like a national flag in the air. I slowly stand with my elbows bent upright and my ten finger pads in a spread-eagle formation since I dont feel like testing Dirks hypnosis with her maser on my curls.
Put your hands down, Starra! He neck snaps his skull to her. Rita, put away the maser! Dirk orders as I slap my arms to my legs nosily and show a perfect set of white teeth since I brushed them before bedtime as Rita violently shoves my right shoulder towards a prettily white cloth tent that decorates in four clean white cloths that form a wall space comprising a newly created tiny jail cell with a door way and matching four iron bars.
For me, you shouldnt have, Dirk. I greet with a friendly tone and giggle with a girly twang while Rita hisses behind my curls and Dirk quickly T-zap his Telekinesis, unlocking the single iron latch. CLICK! The jail door silently swings open and.
I didnt. Dirk pitches.
Im impressed. I return.
Dont be. Dirk punts.
I pad my bare feet inside the small room, touching with my left two finger pads the slightly abnormally warm water pitcher and note the single one person uncomfortable white lonely cot then swing my face around watching Dirk and Rita with entertainment. They sit comfortably on opposite sides inside their matching white cloth chairs hovering their jaws over a small round white wooden table, engaging in a deep private conversation about the universe while sipping on their very cold and wet beverages, looking at one single opened red Book between them.
I desire some vocal interaction with the cartoon characters and their cool drinks. Can I, I annoy, holding the bars with my nose holes and lip flesh touching the warm metal.
Shut up, slave. Rita yells nasty at me without looking at my freckles.
Food? I annoy next.
Shut up, slave. She repeats her loving sentence as I giggle.
Water? I annoy more.
Shut up, slave. She repeats her lovingly sentence for a third time as I giggle.
Blanket? I annoy also.
Dirk ignores me totally for fun and torture while he lectures to Rita. Here(points at the book).this is the correct passage from the Book. I giggle with a girly twang, hugging the iron bars, and testing the strength with ten finger pads which is not bad and.
I inject. Ranns looking for me, ya know I desire action as they dont react.
Rita updates and smiles at Dirk. Good luck to us! Rannll never find you or your body, sweetie. Hed never ever think of searching radiated Bonita. Rann is searching every other dunk cave and dirt ditch for me, not a dead planet. I sigh with disappointment.
Dont fret, Starra. Your endings coming, changing everything for you andme. Dirk words calmly and studies the Book.
Us, sweetie. Rita purrs sweetly, leaning over the short table and kisses his ugly face. I sigh with grossness.
Us. Dirk repeats, patting tenderly her slender hand as he continues to study the Book. I sigh with pukeness.
Rita stares studiously at the Book and compliments with a deadly sneer. I want to torture her and make Starra suffer like I did in the wormhole.
Starras going back to Earth. The planets getting ready to explode into a trillions pieces of space dust. This is our reward for being patient and steady, sweetie. Dirk lectures a true Earth fact and studies the Book.
I didnt like to be patient. She studies the Book but pulls the maser holding upright in her right shooting hand next to my iron bars as I back step from the bars, watching and listening.
Were ready for her expedition. I dont want to delay any further. Rann is looking for her and might get lucky on a whim. He clarifies and studies the Book.
What about burning her? She growls with a baby grizzle bear tone, studying the Book.
In the first time line, she survived a direct strike with electricity in the form of a heated lightning bolt and managed to return back tous, sweetie. He updates with the correct ending of my demise in the first alien time line as I drop my mouth open like a hunger shark and listen intensively to their public chat.
Itd be fun to see her squirm in the blaring heat and flames of the wormhole. She doesnt quit the wormhole torture, sniggering and studying the Book as Dirk turns the page and I stare and study the deadly duo.
You had your chance in the second time line, Rita. You started a fire on Bonita and burned the buildings, landscape, citizens, and almost the entire planet to the ground. He educates with correct ending in my second alien time line as I present duck lips, ugly and listen closely.
O...I did. Rita eye burns the table then wrinkles her forehead, ugly while studying the Book.
I test at Dirk. Yeah, ya did, Rita but Rann can to my rescueas usual. I nod my curls, once as Rita softly hisses like a Sahara snake, looking at that dang darn Book instead of me.
I cant believe Rann found you and you survivedagain. He acknowledges with the correct ending in my third alien time line while he views that stupid Book as I get totally miffed off.
Ah! My light bulb ignites inside my active mind that Dirk doesnt know or he doesnt remember that Rann is also a gifted Telepath from all third alien time lines that wethree all share which is some time of common factor here but I just cant figure out. Well, this is my Conqueror Card that I need to end this ludicrous mind game and save my precious bee_hind. I sigh with poker.
Rann isa seer. I tattle as Dirk slo mo in a steady motion his glass cup to the table, neck snapping his face to me as I prettily grin and prickly giggle at my discovery and Dirks loss that I know something that ya dont know. Nowmy mental mind games getting more entertaining.
Dirk shuffles from his chair moving towards the iron bars, staring studiously with invisible red fire dancing inside his green eyesthat looks pretty, too and demands. Explain!
I roller ball my pupils deeply into the rear of my curlsthat looks pretty, too then purse my pink-painted lipstick since my sweet fragrance lipstick was carried inside the pocket of my pink shorts and fold my naked biceps over my pink top and word so softly that Dirk leans his ugly face into the heated iron bars. Rann.possesses.Telepathy.
Rita attacks Dirks forearm with blood.nawwith love, hugging his body and offers. Sweetie, dont play her stupid mental mind games. Shes stalling the process of her death into the wormhole. She doesnt give up with that wormhole thing as I grin and giggle for shit and stupid.like their new nicknames as I have fun in the sun on Bonita as Dirk squirms inside her arms while Dirk bangs his teeth and nose bridge against the two iron bars and.
Dirk expresses. Impossible, you and he have never been together. I have seen to that. Your fluids have never combined.
Fluids!? I sing in my piccolo music, adding a wrinkle on forehead to my cartoon image and then inquire with kitty-cat curiosity. Whatya talking aboutman? Rita chuckles like a silly clown while batting her eyelashes at Dirk then returns her eyeballs to me, smiling and.
Rita sings in her clarinet music. Marriage! She smiles at me and name calls. You stupid girl! She neck snaps her skull at Dirk and concludes. Forget her, sweetie. This is a total waste of my time.
I bob my curls up and down several times like a farm pony since its my turn to smile and snigger and tattle more. Youre very accurate, Dirk. Rann and Ihave not been marriedyet. Butour fluidsdid combine. I wink my eyelash, left at Dirk as Rita hisses like a snake and Dirk drops his mouth like a hunger shark and.
Dirk eye burns the green grass then return his eyeballs to me, wording firmly. Specify! I smile the Ah! moment that Dirk doesnt know everything about menawme and Rann. I sigh with relieve.
Do you remember in the previous time line when you dropped them dang pirates into the Ranns castle? I test while Dirk reminds cool as a cucumber.
The first or second invasion? He clarifies for his answer since he ordered that vicious attack but I must admit that Im overly impressed and very curious as to why and how the previous time line event are remembered and shared only by me and Dirk while Rita wrinkles her forehead and mouth, funny clueless of our private alien chat.
I reference the second incident when you tried to capture Rann and failed. I explain.
Silly girl, I tried to capture you but you couldnt be found. Ira was so mad. He chuckles like a silly clown and shares. Ira wanted to blast your eyeballs to the Wall which would havenot solved my little problem. I calmed him and suggested Ira arrest your fanny sending you to Sahara. Id promised to deal with you, then
I quit.,. slicking that sly move while I grin and giggle for shit and stupid.
That was an ingenious idea. You saved your own skin that night. He laughs with a hardy tone.
The point of your story... Rita miffs, fidgeting her hand on Dirks forearm.
I found Rann inside the castle, defending him against the pirates and jumped out of the Tower window to save his life. I continue my true feat.
You jumped out of the hundred-story building? Thats where the Tower Room is located, right, Dirk? Rita surprises.
I told ya that Starra has some astounding but a secret set of Tele powers. Dirk brags as I bow my curls at his great remark and.
I did save Ranns life but I didnt sense the prowling pirate sent by you hiding in the buildings shadows with a dart filled with snake venom. Rann was injected into his arm with the poisonous dart. Bbot extracted the contaminated blood from Rann and the surrounding exposed muscle tissues but Rannneeded a fresh supply of blood toliveforeverly. I detail and dummy up.
Blooooooood!? Dirk slo mo the vowels straight to the Wall, eye burning me as I grin and giggle for shit and stupid and.
I clarify. My.blood! I swing my body side to side like a nervous teen before my Prom dance with the new datum as Rita stares cluelessly at Dirk and Dirk hisses like a snake at me and.
Your blood runs through the veins of Prince Rann. He is smart and a smart-hole as I giggle with a girly twang then I curtsey at my bone ankles like a princess before shit and stupid and.
Yeah, little boy! Hes a Telepathbecause of my blood. I shout it to the world as Rita stomps her right sandal and Dirk stare studiously at me and.
That does not make any sense, Dirk. Rita squeals like a bleeding pig in slaughter as Dirk presents duck lips, ugly swinging his tallness back to the table while Rita stares at me then gracefully pirouettes to the table as well and.
An interesting make-believe fairy tale my dear, but it doesnt mean anything. Dirk voices with a slight touch of uncertainty with my eardrums while I grin and giggle for shit and stupid and.
I add in flute music.  xplains Ranns personal infatuation with me(drop to alto flute)a stranger(drop to tenor flute)a slave(drop to bass flute)an alien. I pause for beauty as Dirk re-seats and studies the Book while Rita sits and sips on her cup and I conclude in flute music. Since, I have noted with my acute brains and cuter freckles that the three previous time lines do not seem only affect you(drop to bass flute).native.
You love dead Bartholomew. Dirk subject changes, studying the Book. Geez whiz! This little chats getting to close to my strong heart since I dont believe I have ever verbally told any one citizen in the galaxy that I love Rann. I sigh with alien.
Bartholomew was in the first time line but he died. Remember? Ya killed him, Dirk at the Battle of Sahara. I accuse.
You love Rann? Dirk guesses.
You love Rann? Rita repeats and finally looks at me, parting her lips like a dying fish.
I truly love Rann., confessing my true love deeply to shit and stupid as Rita presents a set of dead pan straight pin lips and looks at Dirk and.
Rita inquires with her kitty-cat curiosity. What does all this crazy conversation mean to us, Dirk? Dirk turns to a new page and.
Dirk words softly. Im not certain.  He concludes while reading the Book. Thats why you wanted to marry him after the pirate attack. You did it for love, not for the amalgamation.
Im more interested in discussing your theory aboutfluids. I admit with my kitty-cat curiosity.
Shes lying. Rita words at him.
Shut up, Rita. Dirk words back her.
It aint going to workDirkyour failed planjust likelast. I grin and giggle with shit and stupid while Dirk stands from the table, holding the Book between his hands turning and staring at me and.
He slightly voices over my comments. Youre a clever and intelligent girl, Starra. I had expected a better grand eloquent farewell speech for yourlasthurrah. He smirks slightly, uses a T-flair of his Telekinesis, opening the iron door from the metal hinges. I sigh with fury.
Rita shuffles beside him as I stand, stare, and smack sharply. I always come back, sweetie. I sigh with power.
Stupid girlnoyou die. Rita shouts, stepping her right sandal forward then flings her right hand backward behinds her skull, while aiming her eyeballs at me then Dirk quickly wraps his biceps around her body and pulls Rita from my deadly attack and.
Dirk comments and cuddles Rita. Starra has important work to perform for us. He motions with his jaw line towards the carrier as I tromp in soft dirt into the rear seat for a second ride.
Astrosphere. Afternoon. southern part of Planet Bonita. I always wanted to visit here, hearing the deep gossip and fake lies from Rosa about me being, living and commuting from the southern hemisphere of Planet Bonita while the carrier shifts to port with a mighty invisible wind force. The calm blue sky of northern Bonita has switched an array of nasty black and green colored cumulonimbus clouds indicating a veil of heavy precipitation of raindrops and hail balls. The T-storm clouds flash prettily in the colors of bright yellow, electric blue, and pure white lightning bolts while the red hail pellets bombard the view window like blood and the heavy large tear shaped rain pounds on the ships roof top and door sides. The vicious loud thunder sounds like a three set of bass drums from the local Marching Band as the carrier violently jerks me and the other bodies starboard. I sigh with panic.
Weflying in this. Rita words softly and finger points at passing rude meanie clouds of red angry and black piss.
Dont worry, sweetie. Dirk pats tenderly her left hand riding the arm rest as her left knuckles turn pale ghostly white from fear and fright as I lean deeply my bee_hind into the rear seat with the webbing double-clipped over my chest, legs and feet since I fear for my sucky life in the galaxy. I sigh with scary cat.
I trust you, sweetie. Rita worries.
I dont. I worry more.
Shut up. Rita words softly with the slave part since her mind like my mind is too scared to think as I watch the blackening clouds and feel with T-power of Telepathy the interacting air masses bang against carriers steel plating while the hurricane winds shift swiftly from a strong gust into fighter hurricane greatness. The meaner greener tinted sky fills with a set of three rotating red tornados as they are steady and stationary within the skyline as far as eyeballs can see. The hurricane winds drifts the carrier also lift and draw wooden, and natural objects into the twirling black funnel clouds that hang inside the nasty atmosphere. Scary.
Im afraid for my freaking life as I hang onto the edge of seat with ten finger pads and my eyeballs glued upon the view screen staring at single monstrous forming bluish-grey thunder cloud formation seeing the prettily blue color below the t-storm while I recognize the familiar earth element of water, not land. 
Hurricane, youre flying us into this, Dirk? I reprimand without purpose.
Yes. Dirk sings in his tenor saxophone calmly as Rita silences her lips. I sigh with satisfaction.
Were going to land inside the eye of the hurricane, Dirk? I predict without purpose.
Yes. He sings in his tenor saxophone.way too calmly while our carrier rocks back and forth like a sea boat then up and down like a yo-yo and then sideways like a horse ride as Dirk carefully steers us closer to one single puke green cloud formation occupying within the invisible hurricane winds, twisting set of red tornados, showers of white hail, down pours of green rain, and finally some normal looking yellow lightning bolts and.
I do not close my eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Concentrate. Relax. Focus.
I twist my face out the window upon seeing an island as I blink my eyelashes once, twice then and still see a tiny island of land in the middle of the dang thunderstorm inside the eye of a arrogant hurricane. I sigh with safety.
Hold on. Dirk orders shifting into the manual gears using both his hands and ten finger pads punching a series of buttons along the console as I fear and fright, looking at the calm water and small island and.
No problem. I whisper as Rita silences. I sigh with doom.
The carrier drops quickly ten feet for1 second.2 seconds3 seconds(thats a long time to fall without a parachute).while Dirk quickly compensates with a T-flair of his Telekinesis since Im not going to assist since because Im useless since my T-powers are vacationing on Commerce. The carrier drops swiftly with another stomach wrenchingnine feet in two seconds as Dirk rapidly adjusts the port stabilizers and.
I do not close my eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Concentrate. Relax. Focus.
The carrier punches through heavy rain and hurricane winds into a calm eye of the T-storm which exhibits no winds, rain, hail, clouds buttrouble. I sigh with aliveness.
Island. eye of the hurricane. no winds. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 88F. afternoon Dirk controls of our descend with easy smoothness upon the center spot of the small island landing with slight tap. Thud! I sigh with curiosity.
Rita opens her hatch door so swiftlymaybe for throwing upon the golden sands along with me if I can get the stupid webbing off my body but instead she pulls her maser and shouts at me through the open door. GET OUT! Nice recovery, Rita! She has an iron clad stomach along with her iron clad heart to match perfectly while pairing for her iron steel personality with stupid steady Dirk as she taps the maser button with her index red painted fingernail arming the weapon for death to me. I sigh with doom.
I crawl on fours (palms and bare feet) from the rear seat comments and chuckles with my beautifully wit. No prob since I want to pukeanyways. Dirk twists his face as Rita laughs along with me and.
This way! Dirk orders while leading us towards the water edge surrounding the tiny island. I sigh with intrigue.
The way to the tanning salon? The vacation spot? The way home? I word play for shit and stupid as I giggle with a girly twang. I sigh with amusement.
All I see is water for miles.probably hundreds of miles. Rita word plays for worry, parking her single folded fist on the waistband of gown.
So, this is the southern hemisphere of Bonita. I stop, whirling my neck muscles around the land mass and dump while a giggle since the island is only 50 feet wide by 50 feet long that covers prettily in white sugar-colored sandkinda like a sand bar in the middle of an ocean than a true island of jet skies, naked guys, and alcoholic strawberry daiquiris.(yeah, baby, I stare at magazines, too.)ya see a sand barge is surrounded by water, too since every human knows that.
I flash back mentally to Earth when I had studied the tropical islands on the communication globe at home on Starbuck Plantation. The picture book had shown and detailed an island surrounded by blue clear sparking salt water. However, once Earthlings had allowed the polluted air to drift over the oceans and land it poisoned the precious land minerals draining drain the toxins into the salt water, creating sewer seas and contaminating all ocean islands.
As far as my eyeballs see a single body of water surrounds the tiny sand bar that colors in dark, black, murky, and eerie tints since there are not present any plants, trees, buildings, grass, flowers, birds, fowl, fish, snakes, worms, mammals and monsterswelljust one as I giggle with a girly twangokay, two if ya count Rita then I chuckle like a silly clown.
Starracome here. Dirk names walking his legs then kneecaps over the dark black water, holding a mini-bot in both his hands as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
Rita perches upright bending at her waist touching his left collar bone and peeking down into the murky water as I squash the soft white warm sand between my tiny pink painted toes that I colored like night for Rann who is absent but coming. I sigh with true love.
Here. Dirk sings in his tenor saxophone and finger points at the black water, studying the mini-bot.
Down there. Rita repeats because shes dumb, staring at the black water as I slo mo mosey to their back muscles, ponder about violently pushing their bodies for fun and giggle into the black water then strike it wisely from my active brain cells. Whats down there? I repeat  because I concerned about me.
The black diamond. Dirk announces while looking at black water.
The black diamond? Rita repeats because shes dumb.
The black diamond!? I repeat because Im deeply concerned as Dirk stands swiftly then pivots like a solider to me. 
He narrates. Five hundred yearssince the last diamond was extracted from the ocean floor. Today is precisely 500 years, one day and ten hours since the last retrieval event. One perfectly precious mineral is located in a secret cenote in the dark depths of the murky water down there. You mission is to retrieve it for meStarra. He smiles sweetly at me as I shake my curls side to side with a definitely not doing that retrieval trick. I sigh with danger.
Cenote? Rita repeats because shes dumb.
Cenote? I repeat because Im very deeply concerned.
Cave, sweetie. Dirk closetly hugs Rita to his chest for love and protect and defines for the both of us dumb girls as I snarl like an alligator, first then snarl my pink lip like a gangster and.
I yell folding my naked arms over my pink shirt. NO! I shake my bangs into my eyeballs and stomp prettily both my bare feet in the sand without making any noise.
Get in! Dirk demands in his nasty tenor saxophone, hugging Rita as she grins and giggles at me while I stay my ground and.
No, I hate getting my hair wet. I excuse with amusement, smiling. 
Get into the water. He dictates.
If I dont obey you? I threaten.
Kill her. Rita decides then pulls the stored maser from her gowns pocket for the hundredth time and aims the barrel at my curls. I sigh with big annoyance.
Shes more valuable alive than dead. Dirk jerks the maser from Ritas loose right hand. I sigh with victory.
I refuse. I annoy, shaking my bangs into my face for a second time.
Ill kill Rann. Dirk threatens as I stomp my right foot at him and.
Not if I kill.youfirst. I grit with couple teeth and intimidate more deadly then a Sahara snake.
You can try, Starra. Dirk chuckles at me. 
I will succeed, Dirk. I warn.
Remember, once dead Dirk lingers the tragic words in the air waves as I nosily gasp and grit my teeth and hiss like a snake since he understands too well. I sigh with death. 
Once a citizen in the present alien time line dies, his/her fate is death in next alien time line based on all my past death experiences of folks that arent here in the third alien time line and nowDirk knows this valuable information as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine. 
Numerous nobles and commoners die from many types of natural catastrophes and man-made incidents in each alien time line mostly created by Dirk and they dont come back to life and live for a long time. Then, I flash back mentally when Ty died with his internal wounds in the third time line. I flash present mentally that Ty isnt present with his best bud Rann. I sigh with sadness.
What are you talking about, sweetie? Rita cuddles next to Dirk.
Dont worry, sweetie. He kisses her left hand as I plot to hurl on her left foot and.
Use the zipper? I subject change.
The machine wont survive the water depth and decompression. Dirk debates.
Use a submerge bot? I suggest.
Bot will not survive, either. Dirk debates.
Use Rita! I dont giggle but roar with jungle queen lioness laughter as Dirk quickly release Rita then powerfully jerks me into his ugly horse face and smelly bad breathe. I sigh with pain.
Dirk snarls like an alligator into my right cheekbone and right eardrum and predicts. Youll surviveStarra. Andwe both know why.
Since, we both know why. Why dont you go and get it? Youll survivecause youre an. I call.
Im not a talented young alien as youmy dear. Dirk compliments then grins and giggles like a girl at me as I laugh with girly tone for my new attack and.
I vocally word. I aint thinking that alien wordbuddybut that as. Dirk viciously shoves me from his bad breath while I back stumble in the sands and.
NOW! Dirk yells and finger points at the water as Rita resumes her cuddling and I twist my lips, ugly and stare at the water and.
Dont threat I word softly while Dirk moves into my space and.
Dirk whispers like delicate butterflys wings. Rann will die by my handpersonally. I promise, Starra. Ya knowonce dead in the new time line, they dont live to see daylight in the next time line. He truths to me a tragic future event since Dirk will really kill Rann if I dont do this stupid thing and he concludes. Our debate is finished. You lose. He shoves me backwards for fun and giggles as I stumble back from his silly push then I right foot a big step forward in Dirks face and.
I defeat. Soyou win. Then, I quickly draw my right arm behind my curls and cock my right hand into a tight folded fist then aim and execute while I hit. POW! One sharp pale pointy nose explodes into streaming tears of red blood while I grin and giggle at shit and stupid. I sigh with victory.
Rita grabs with quick reflexes the maser from Dirks right hand then direct points the maser at me, yelling. DIE, ALIEN. Dirk quickly retrieves the maser with a T-zap of his Telekinesis and.
He slicks. No! Starragets her rewardlater.
Im ready. I smirk with a set of crooked lips, right as I march towards the black water. I sigh with doom.
above water. My right foot is in the sand then my left foot is in the sand and my right foot is in the shallow warm black water then my left foot is in the water while I stand upright in the water to my bony kneecaps facing Dirk. I sigh with wetness.
He hands off the face mask made of light plastic as I position it over my pretty freckles that fits my facial dimensions perfectly then remove it to save the air supply while Dirk lectures. Its called a re-breather. Itll recycle breathable air for 30 minutes. He smiles.
30 minutes, thats 15 minutes down and 15 minutes up, Dirk. I math.
Youre correct. Theres a one minute reservejust in case. Dirk tattles.
Just in caseof what, Dirk? I ask.
Just in caseyou miss your mark and need to back track for the black diamond. Thats why youre going to enjoy this diving lesson. He details, leaning his bloody nose into my space.
Cant you spare more air or something? Does it cost too many currs? I ask.
This is the best technology I could afford. He argues then chuckles.
Great! Im going to die. I mistake.
not after you retrieve the stone. He smiles as I wrinkle my forehead, ugly and.
I comment. Thanks for the vote of confidence. I eye burn the pretty waves hitting the shoreline.
I have faith youll hit your target. He over-confidents, folding his arms over his silk shirt.
How far down there? I worry and survey the black cant see the dang bottom ocean.
Three miles. He maths.
Nautical or statute miles? I ask, still surveying the black cant see the dang bottom ocean, squinting my eyelashes at the murky depths. I sigh with death.
Nautical or statute, does it matter? He wrinkles his forehead, ugly and questions.
Yeahit doesa lotwhen not breathing oxygen? I smart-hole.
Nautical. He whispers as I mentally calculate that there is 6,076 feet in a nautical mile. Three miles down equals 18,228 feet so if I possess 15 minutes of air down to the stone, then I dive 1,215.2 feet per minute. Wow!
Surface communications? I ask, eye burning Dirk.
Use your Telepathy. Dirk dictates which means no helps a-coming to save me.
Wet suit? I ask.
Use your Telemetabolics. Dirk orders which means control my body temperature at a steady rate when Im flying down to three miles.
Is the stone embedded or loose? I ask.
Embedded? He informs.
Tools? I ask.
Use your Telekinesis. He orders which means that I am getting no weapon because I might use it on him.
Flippers? I ask.
Dive, not swim. He orders.
Directions? I ask.
Use your Teleclairvoyance. The cavern is at the three mile mark precisely as secretly whispered by dead citizens into my eardrums. Theres an immense underwater gateway to a vast flooded labyrinth of caverns. Some of the caves lead to more submerged tunnels that honeycomb the entire sea bed. Once you find the correct passage, it leads to an open lagoon with breathable air on the other side of the sea wall. The rest is up to you. Dirk details as I eye burn him and.
Tell me again! Why you cant perform his trick, dick? I demand.
Move! He direct points the maser at my pretty freckles. I sigh with doom.
Dead bodies are buoyant. I display my warped sense of Earth humor and grin and giggle for shit and stupid.
Youre not dead yet. Get moving Starra before daylight ends. He orders as I leap, T-rex into the air, perform a single air-borne tucking somersault and fall my folded body backwards like a trapeze artist in the circus into the water, holding my small nose then I taste warm, not salty liquid. Fresh water! I sigh with intrigue.
I kick both bare feet and long legs as I tread water like swimmer and ask out of fear and fright. Any creatures from the black lagoon or sharks with sharp teeth or.something big enough to eat me down here?
Get the stone. Dirk harps. I sigh with fear.
Ill be back. I call coolly.
Ill be waiting. Rita threatens.
I know. Dirk grins and giggles at me.
under water. I place the breathing mask over my face, feeling the warm humid air circulating around my earlobes, nostrils, lips, and eye lashes and.
I close my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Concentrate. Relax. Focus. Stay calm.
I open my eyelashes and see the monstersnawDirk and Rita since this isnt a bad sleep dream and T-build with Telemetabolics a tight air-contained T-bubble around me. Then, I force my T-bubble to descend downward into the murky depths of the ocean, feeling the outside water temperature of 85 Fahrenheit cuddle me like a warm blanket as the re-breather is abnormally quiet, releasing no bubbles. I T-view with Teleclairvoyance the vast stretch of open water between the continental land rock ledge above me and the undersea volcanic basalt mount below me. I sigh with beauty.
I close my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Concentrate. Relax. Focus and.
I plummet to the 1,215.2 feet marker. POP! My inner ears adjust to the new level of water pressure while the water temperature changes from 85F down to 75 Fahrenheit. Salinity pellets form on my arms while the water is clear and blue colored, instead of murky dark black. I see an old ship with its intact tall mast and naked poles for cloth sails and an empty deck for the walking dead sailors beached along at tea table rock ledge.
I pass the 3,645.6 feet marker. POP! My inner ear wax adjusts to the new level while my eyeballs colors the water in red and my finger pads feel the water temperature of 110F but my vision is dark black as I T-view with Teleclairvoyance the vast abyssal plains and mountains. It glows. I T-zap an enhanced Tele sight of Teleclairvoyance at the large glowing mammals at the deep water in the aphotic zone where the white solar sunlight loses its bright white power of transference through the dark water. The glowing mammals playfully attack the varied bushes of colored green plants along the seamount inside the kelp beds for feeding and spawning more glow monster thingies.
I pass the 8,506.4 feet marker. POP! I see that the water is pink with a temperature of 60 Fahrenheit. Coral reefs. The beautiful reefs are built atop of a rocky outcrop on the ocean floor, exhibiting a rainbow of colors from pink, bright yellow, aqua, orange, mint, lavender, and white.
Tiny schools of fish circle the reefs as I identify various sea aqua natives of sea stars, sea horses, minnows, gold fish, angel fish, turtles, snakes, and other marine organisms.
I pass the 10,936.8 feet marker. POP! Water is white and the temperature is cold 10 Fahrenheit. Freezing water. The many tiny shaped ice crystals float around me while ice icicles line the walls of the continental shelf of this weird-o ocean as I feel cold and heavy. I look down at my long legs and see small white particles adhering to me. Ice. My arms and legs are heavy and aching while I quickly perform an ugly sideways dance with bare feet, brushing away the smooth crystals. Very cold. I tighten my T-bubble around my body for warmth and control my aching muscles as I wrap my arms around my chest to keep my interior inners inside hot and heat while I descend faster to finish my task.
I pass the15,797.6 feet marker. POP! Water is Emerald green like emeralds. Very pretty! No fish. No mountains. No caves. No shelves. No reefs. No plants. No organisms. No mammals. No monsters. Open water. The water temperature is 80 F from a local hydro-thermal vent along the mid-ocean ridge expelling plumes of bubbling warm hot springs into the ocean as I T-view with Teleclairvoyance the fresh water dump from a hidden stream.
I pass the 18,228 feet marker which is measured at the three mile mark below Dirk and Dirks oxygen as I suck on the contained air from the re-breather. POP! My inner eardrums adjust to the new level of ocean water and realize something. I here. I think mentally then grin and giggle inside the re-breather and see an orange stream of horizontal line of water flowing from a cave entrance. I sigh with victory.
Come here! Welcome!  An invisible body connects, links, and Teles to me as I swim in the water temperature of a balmy 90 Fahrenheit. Hot and salty! I can taste salt in my mouth as tiny droplets leak into the re-breather. I sigh with caution.
Cavern. I taste the ocean mineral of salt and see three and half colors of faint orangey-like walls, swimming faster like a pond frog with my bend arms and legs into the entrance of the cavern as the water level dips(excuse the pun)I prettily zoom my horizontal body between the dull-tipped yellow and pink stalactites and stalagmites.
Then, the water level drops two more feet from the ceiling as I dog pedal with cupped hands and toe bones seeing an assortment of pink and purple flora and fauna growing along the cave floor, the high walls into the covered ceiling. Then, I stumble and stump my big toe bones over some of the orange flora on flooring and wearing my mask for breathing but my visibility is very good.
The water level evens at my waistnow as I see and feel an intense and heated light source that tans my exposed skin while I upright like a human being and snail-walk towards a visible sandy shore composed of dull colored white sand, brown mud, red clay, and black silt. I steady my walking pace, and reserve my limited Tele-strength before accessing the black stone so I can quickly and safely ascend to air surface on the tiny island then I beat the shit of Dirk and stuff Rita into the glove compartment of the carrier. I sigh with meanness.
The water level swirls around my bare feet as my curls avoids the scattered short and low orange ceiling tiles of natural sand that drops heated moisture on my shoulders and warms my toe bones with steams of hot bathing water. I snail-walk to the edge of a yellow rock formation, pulling the re-breather from face, and holding my life by saving the air in the small device. 
I slightly part my top lip.(ya do that, its hard).then tip the tissue between the hole and taste with my pink tonguethe ocean mineral of salt in the format of tiny sprinkles in the air current then I slowly inhale air within my lips, not nose and quickly exhale the tinted odd air. I find that the air mixture isnt exactly the right parts of oxygen and hydrogen that surrounds the island surface...maybe a lighter compound with a heavy mix of nitrogen. I sigh with carefulness.
I T-remember with Telemetabolics that the medical condition known as nitrogen narcosis which is from a lack of too little oxygen and too much poisonous nitrogen as a quick tight pressure suddenly squeezes inside both of my two lungs, feeling a light fire burn from exposed nitrogen salt particles. I sigh with completion.
I close my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Concentrate. Relax. Focus.
I T-flair with Teleclairvoyance, scanning the hidden interior of the bright cavern, and T-probe with Telepathy while squatting on kneecaps and touching gingerly the floor with one single right index finger. I T-fill with Teleclairvoyance that the sea cave had formed during the Ice Age on Planet Bonita when flooded with rain water then frozen with ancient Glacial ice cubes as the sea level fell millions of feet into the ocean floor, forming a high and dry orange sand bank with an occasion cave sinkhole or two that has created this cave. I sigh with earth. 
I T-view with Teleclairvoyance that there are no side paths towards the mysterious single light source that straight lines from Point A(me)to Point B(stone)for the swiftest path to black diamond wellI learned that in Geometry class on Planet Earth.
I open my eyelashes and metaphysically follow (Tele eyeballs)the bright yellow-whitish light as the hot water splashes over my naked toe bones upon the white steamy surface as I quickly truck by a new coloring of wall that starts with orange at mouth of the cavern then the hiking path turns into chocolate-brown. The water temperature increases exponentially with each foot fall to 114 Fahrenheit. I sigh with hotness. 
The brown colors prettily changes into a neon yellow wall with gold and yellowish gas pockets of stream spurting from the floor when the water temperature measures at 136 F(yeah, baby, I feel it)I junk and jolt around the gold gas pockets towards a tiny vertical crack inside the yellow rock wall. The crack is very small for one lucky petite alien at five feet and one inch. I sigh with shortness.
I squeeze my thin body through the other side, stumbling out and down upon my kneecaps on the soft white mud and blind my eyeballs by a bright light as I switch my normal eye sight to T-vision with Teleclairvoyance. The three and three/fourths walls line in lots of white stuff like Christmastime but with snow covering the barn roof and car hood while the salt walls are very hot. The breathing air for my body is heat tempered at 160 Fahrenheit(yeah, baby, freaking sizzling hot).the salt particles dance like tiny snowflakes around my freckles in the air, falling to the floor and adhering to my sun tanning and wet outer skin. My right foot marches then my left foot stomps then my right foot moves then I stop suddenly as my Tele senses ping. A presence.
My left foot quickly stomps forward and giggle with nervous energy upon seeing with my eyeballs the presence of a hollow square-like cavity that covers in bright white salt flakes around the outer lips of the open mouth but midnight dark inside the depth middle of nowhere. I advance to the cavity and studiously start into the dark hole and.
I close my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Concentrate. Relax. Focus.
I T-see with Teleclairvoyance the black diamond, nestling like a pretty Commerce bird egg in a pouch of total darkness, hiding from my normal eyeballs, not my Tele eyeballs. I sigh with intrigue.
Diamonds are really a heated chemical process of salt and water over a period of time which measures in terms of billions of years so that explains the caves heat and light within the rock walls, mud floors, and sandy ceiling. Cooking like a loaf of baked bread. I sigh with brilliance.
I have my eyelashes closed and see the beautiful black crystals that glow from its own energy and extend my right arm towards the grand prize then I quickly hear soft secret words. Talking. I halt my movement not desiring to touch the thing but Dirk will kill Rann as I gingerly scoot my five finger pads into the hole extending my long arm into a dark hole. I sigh with fear.
I stretch, rubber-like my short neck kissing the mouth of cavity with my lips and wiggling five finger pads towards the solid dark stone then I position my right index finger tip and my thumb over smooth diamond as I T-see the glow and alive and energy thingy.
Heat blisters the tip of my right index finger from the stone as I command my fingers to work. Nada! I command my brain to work my fingers. Nada! I command my heart to work my brain on my finger pads then touch my index finger nail to the stone. Cool. I T-scan with Telemetabolics me then I scan the stone which presents in cold but alive and energy. Weird-o!
I wrap my five finger pads securely around the smooth small diamond then violently jerk my right arm from the dark cavity as the black diamond glistens beautifully between my finger bones in colors of  electric blue, Ruby red, neon yellow, and pearly black sparklings. I sigh with beauty.
I quickly pull the stone into my wet top with my right hand feeling vivid colors, loud music and colored vibrating within my eyeballs, earlobes, and neurons as I double doggie-dare not access the deep core of black diamond stone with my T-powers. I sigh with mission.
I pivot soldierly, dashing like a race-horse to the small crack inside the yellow wall, squeezing my cute bee_hind through the tiny crack, fall on my kneecaps then upright and gallop like a stallion through the array of colored walls from white then zip through yellow into a dull brown tunnel until I hit the orange hard floor like a rocket ship. I sigh with almost there.
I suddenly stop my upright body and re-position the re-breather precisely upon my entire face and re-start the oxygen air inside the mask as I snail-walk down the sloped pink and purple flower beds back into the dark green ocean. I sigh with close to there.
I swim upright and ascend like a war missile straight up the Heavens at a steady and controlled pace as my inner eardrums safely pop leveling the water pressure, cuddling the stone like a tiny kitten against my chest, and ignoring the varied layered water colors and water temperatures along with the both beautiful and scary marine sights and lights. I sigh with victory.
above water. I pop upright through the water like a happy springtime yellow daisy showing the ugly mask that contains my pretty freckles in the black murky water, ripping quickly the metal mask from my face and breathing deeply the required two parts oxygen and one part hydrogen into my two tight healthy lungs then toss the mask in the air as it lands on the sand while I grin with a silly smile completing the mission. I sigh with accomplishment.
Dirk runs like an excited teenager for his first beer to the edge of white sands holding both his cupped hands to me while I toss the single black diamond into the air and Dirk catches it as the stone glows prettily in yellow brights among the dusk colored purple evening and I catch that Rann is going to live foreverly in this time line, not Dirk. My mental thoughts shift to evil intentions as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
I Tele-hear with my eardrums an odd noise below my beating legs then I actually(yeah, baby)..I feel an odd touch of.something near me in the black murky water as I eye burn the blackness and nervously panic. Dirk, you said that there are no sea monsters. Dirk stares at the stone and smiles.
I lie. He truths.
Stang! I scream and T-scan with all my T-powers of Telepathy, Telekinesis, Telemetabolics and Teleclairvoyance. It is a swimming centipede. I really hate bugs. Its ugly and big with millions of tentacles around its long rectangular body is like a big fugly ugly bug. The things clear translucent in color and 85 feet long with three sets of pink eyes and two sets of lips with fifteen sets of small fangs then I see its pink internal organs beating inside its chest consisting of two-chambered heart for life, secretory cells for food, and a swim bladder for poopy do-do. The monster lives inside the orange cavern while lurking, living, and eating in the dark passages of the cave for millions of years. The presence, not the stone. The light source, not the stone. It has followed me to the ocean surface with its possessionthe stone.
Speleonectes lucayensis. Dirk announces, staring at the stone as I eye burn Dirk.
What? I smart-hole and recognize part of the name. Speleothem is a dry cave with an underwater river.
The name of the inland blind cave fish. Dirk comments and chuckles at me.
What? I smart-hole, searching the water for the fugly ugly bug-thingy.
Your reward, Starra. He laughs and lounges in his evil deed and eye burns me, stroking his ten finger pads upon the smooth black stone.
Dirk? I sing in my piccolo music.
You should have read the Book from Lady Starra, Starra. Dirk instructs as something wraps tightly around both my beating legs in the water and.
Ahhh! I scream as the bug folds my body into its abdomen. Pain. Its skin is heated. Hot. The bug encompasses me within its 800 tentacles quickly then plunges and descends swiftly with me into the deep cold depths of the black murky ocean water as my eyeballs burn and my nose bleeds while my eardrums pop. My two lungs are straining as my curls dizzies while my heart skips lots of serious beats then my brain freezes like ice. My lungs halt like a dead car battery and my head hurts as my heart stops. I faint in darkness.
AgainI sit, numbingly in my assigned seat and blind, purposefully with my eyelashes closed not moving, not thinking, and not praying since I feel that Im alive and thankful for the survival.
I un-belt the cockpit seats restraints, opening my eyelashes and popping off my space suit helmet then I leap, kitten-like from the chair seeing half of a pilots chair but Im fully intact along with my long wavy gray hair as I lean into the console instrument panel, studying the rough terrain. I sigh with surprise.
I see mountains on the left and a series of dead but slightly alive green trees, bushes, and foliage on the right with a dry crooked narrow vehicle path in the middle of a dead brown planet as my Tele sense ping. Everything aint fine. 
I gallop my body outside the space shuttle archway then leap, T-rex to the dirt ground and point my body at the hidden object and whisper into my eardrums. A structure thats thirteen miles northeast of my position.
I lovingly scan a bright yellow sun, a pretty baby blue sky, a smooth brown soil, and blink back wet hot tears of both happiness and horror. I barely recall within my brain cells meeting a set of new people, places, planets, and palaces, since I have some dang way scientifically traveled both, space and time to visit herefive times.
Im back.as the alien. I sour my facial expression and mental thoughts, shaking gray bangs into my eyelashes.
Day 107. Commerce. Auditorium. Militia Ball, Dinner and Dance. new pilot Starra. partly cloudy skies. no moon. 52F. evening. I prance, cute-like in my stole gray outfit from the Bonita closet at the dull boring and abandoned warehouse after being chased by the Police Force sent by meanie Ira while I hurriedly escaped and safely landed on Planet Commerce where I successfully tested as a pilot zipper and reluctantly joined the Militia.gotta eatfor the second time. NowI look adorably in my glittery V-neck gray sleeveless light wool shirt scattered with the small diamonds that decorates up and down the V front and back of my shirt. The diamonds come from the Sahara Gem mines mined by bad prisoners as I prissy with a sexy swing in my matching shorty-short shorts which length wise lands between my kneecaps and my thighs but closer to my thighs(yeah, baby)as I giggle with a girly twang. I have stolen the pair of matching thigh-high leather boots, too while my silver hair flows elegantly down back muscles since I washed, dried, and curled it for this awesome event. I sigh with vogue.
I eye scan the overly crowded smelly big gigantic room for Rann the prince of my princess life. I sigh with excitement.
Whats this? A mopped blonde hair with a wrinkled Navy blue and unimpressive Militia uniform with a blank yellow satin sash across his chest and no medals only a big ego attached to the musical tenor saxophone timber of Tom as he jerks my highly prized silver dagger that coated beautifully shimmery diamonds from my secret pouch inside my left thigh-high boot. The guys annoys me from lots of my different POVs, since the first alien time line. I sigh with murder.
Congratulations, pilots! Youre official my new kids. Im the boss. General fat and bald Ira who rules the entire force of Militia that composes of land, sky, and sea troopers jokes with a silly tone of baritone tuba standing besides his wife Mar upon the purple stage in the bright orange auditorium. I sigh with boredom.
I blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice remarking evilly, curling the left side of mouth upward towards my left nostril and educate to Tom. A sharp pointy instrument used for slicing off wondering fingers and large protruding appendages. The new and old pilots around me laugh with a hardy tone, not Tom as he wrinkles his forehead, ugly and.
Tom continues to annoy, holding my dagger in the air. Ya going to start a fight, Major. I have gotten promoted to the Militia rank of Major instead Commander in fifth new time line as I quickly jerk my dagger from his right hand, re-loading into the leather pouch for future usage on Toms throat muscles. Just kidding!
I answer the bozo. Just one of my vices.
Do you have any more vices? An invisible face asks behind my curls.
You mean virtues. I correct and smile.
I mean vices. You fly, fight, and dance. What else do you do, Major? A second visible face inquires in his sexy baritone trombone beside me.
What else do younot do? A third visible face questions in his sexy bass drum on the other side of my right earlobe.
Drink. I sing in flute music.
Come now, Major. Everyone pilot drinks. Tom dares as I tap my two finger pads on the Bar counter and rudely finger points at the tall cool bottle in the corner wall and.
I confess. I drink. Bar maiden give me that, please. Wbot follows my finger nail and retrieves with its metal claws the cold glass bottle, pouring my preferred beverage of the day and night as Tom weasels between the Bar counter and me and.
You can do better than that, Major. Tom dares.
WellI can take a risk tonight. Ill have one of theseplease. I rudely finger point at a different bottle of darker cool liquid.
This one, Major? Wbot holds the dark bottle in the air for my confirmation as I nod my curls, once and.
Yeahchocolate milk, please. I purr with delight as pilot laughter echoes to the rafters while Wbot pours the cold milk into a tall glass, handing off the beverage to me.
I eye scan the room with sliver diamonds while downing the cold milk into my pink-painted lipstick observing jealousy as Rann over on the other side of the big auditorium chats with his best bud Ty, his best noble Tok, and his loyal noble Ira and other pretty noblettes (wives of nobles). I notice that Toks indigo cloak flows down from six feet plus tallness frame over his 300 plus pounds of taunt and tight muscle while Ira has seemed to gain more weight around his middle and less weight from his skull(more bald) as I giggle with a girly twang. I wish that I was their hot topic conversation matter since Im not a noble lady but a female commoner, a girl pilot, and a teen alien all in disguise in the fifth time line. I sigh with repeat.
Five hours ago. I flash back mentally when I had crash-landed in the fiery Earth space shuttle on Bonita, limping to the old abandoned warehouse for body shelter. Ya see, yallwhen I touch that dang door knob I totally recall in loud and vivid colors and songs all the past social events from the past four alien time lines and the effects that affectionately affects me and specifically Rann as I day dream.
Im Starra Starbuck, petites at five feet and one inch, weighs 95 pounds and one ounce with a set of long waist-length silver wavy hair against a triangle face with a pair of small gray eyes. And a pointy nose and two set of high cheekbones around a cliff chin, surrounding golden tawny skin tone that decorates with brown freckles of a seventeen year old Farm Administrator from Planet Earth. I had been drafted by force by Peter Martin into a once in a life-time intergalactic outer space trip to a new planet in a new galaxy using her Tele powers of Telepathy, Telekinesis, Telemetabolics, and Teleclairvoyance as I have some dang way survived.
Time warped alien line #1, I am Lady Starra.
Time warped alien line #2, I am Commander Starra.
Time warped alien line #3, I am Bodyguard Starra.
Time warped alien line #4, I am Waitress Starra.
Time warped alien line #5, I am Alien Starra.
Get this, yallRann doesnt recall me.ever, never, and before from the past four alien time lines. Yall see.Im the cold calculating catalyst causing, creating, and chasing(like the c words) a new time with all the same beautiful badass outer space characters that includes Rann, Ty, Rita, Dirk, Tok, Ira, Tom, and.others that I dont feel like naming or remembering. Guess what, yallIve figured out how to stop from forming a new alien time line making me stay in the only space continuum..I marry Rann. I sigh with wedding.
Is that your final list of virtues? Tom annoys in my right eardrum.
I dont chase after women. I playfully remark as beer releases from the pilots laughing lips some of it spraying on Tom while he shifts away from me.
Good one, Starra. A visible face compliments in his sexy tenor saxophone behind my curls.
Youre all right, kiddo. A second visible body comments in his sexy bass drum beside Tom.
means you chase after loose men. An invisible face suggests in his sexy baritone tuba beside my left arm as I wink my eyelash, right at the cute guy and. 
Only if I can catch them I grin and giggle as pilots hoot, clap, and whistle for fun and entertainment while I do my funny one-girl stand up comedy showcase and.
Can I get a date, Major? A visible face asks in his sexy bass drum beside my right arm.
Can I get a dance, Major? A visible face wishes in his sexy baritone tuba behind my curls.
Starramay I have this dance? A visible face requests in his dull tenor saxophone as eyeballs turn to Dirk.
King Dirk. Tom names as I drop my mouth like a hunger shark in both shock and surprise since when I exited the fourth alien time line Rann was the King of the Universe while the upright pilots bowsorta at their waists as I stand with both my sleeved biceps over my diamonds rubbing the fabric raw and
Beware, she bites. A visible face teases in his sexy bass drum beside my left arm.
She stings. A visible face remarks in his sexy baritone trombone behind my curls.
Dirk smiles and promises. Ill be very caution. Indeed! Once a puny punk pity lonely lowly lord of nothing is now the real rude ruler of the universe grabsway too tightly my right strong punching arm, and roughly pulls me into the middle of dang dance floor for every eyeball to see and every eardrum to hear as we hang, hold, and hugway too closetly to each others chest cavities. I smellway too closely his warm stinky bad breathe in my right ear while the sweet slo mo song softly plays the musical theme of a waltz. Dirk sums. Youve acquired friends and allies in this new line time quickly, ALIEN. I must know and.
Howda ya get to be KING, Dirk? I inquire with my kitty-cat curiosity as Dirk chuckles with his inner joke at me and.
He voices in his tenor saxophone. A lucky strike. I present duck lips, ugly and.
Been there, done that! Whoda ya assassinate, Dirk? I eye gleam at the huddle of handsome nobles and pretty noblettes noting that there are no outward leg casts or bloody broken nose or missing royalty folks then return my face to Dirk as Dirk smiles down at me and.
I purpose a truce betweenusalien and ruler. He offers. There are other evils in the universe to conquer. He talks as I ponder mentally that stupid statement while Dirk whispers into my right eardrum, holding meway too tightly and continues. After tonight, youre a pilot in the Royal Militia that reports to the Royal kingthats me. Of course, I expect all my Royal officers to follow all my Militia orders from the Royal kingthats me.
Since, Im following the orders of the kingthats you and I happen to be from the same planet as the kingthats you. I wanna live in the Bonita mansion. I demand.
Done! He quickens too quickly as I demand more.
I wanna a very large curr account starting with my first paycheck as the pilot for the kingthats you. I request.
Currs? He sings in his tenor saxophone with surprise.
The king.thats you, does have your currs? I question.
Done! He smiles with a set of perfect teeth.
I wanna, demand more.
How many demands are you going to present, Starra? He wrinkles his forehead ugly, whining like he stepped his spit and polished left boot toe in a fresh pile of cow shit as I smile and.
One more I promise. I wanna.you to leave Ranna.lone, forever. I challenge.
Done! He quickens more too quickly. I sigh with worry.
I meanno harm comes to Rann for any reason. OrI promise and cross my heart that Ill really harm the king.thats youvery well. I threat. I sigh with promise.
Done! He quickens way too quickly.
Done deal! I pull my body from his chest, studying his grinning horse face.
I look forward to seeing your special.talents work for the kingthats me. Dirk compliments as the music stops and I stand in the middle of the floor and stare as Dirk soldierly pivots towards the stage, stepping up the stairs then sits his silk yellow robes upon the purple Throne chair then leans his skull into Ritas pretty face. Then, Rita smiles and stares studiously at me. I sigh with deep concern.
Day 108. auditorium. King Dirk. meeting. sunny skies. 75F. morning. All the big and small bodies fit ugly inside the bleachers like a can of dead tuna fish as the delicious food items steams in white vertical smoke signals from the fat metal food carts as mouth lips laugh, talk, eat, and drink.not all at the same time while my Tele senses ping. A presence.
I stand in front of my chair on the edge of the second row facing the over crowded room and scan for trouble then neck snap my face to look behind my left shoulder as my Tele senses ping. A nice presence.
Rann snail-walks beside another officer Colonel Nat then he spots with his eyeballs lovely me, smiling and motioning like a traffic cop with his right hand to the empty chair next to his fine body as I elegantly waltz like a Southern belle from Planet Earth while grinning and giggling with a girly twang. I curve my gray shorts hem under my bee_hind, sitting purposefully between Rann and Nat. I sigh with true love.
I scoot my free-standing chair closer to Ranns kneecaps, crossing my long legs in his personal space as Rann smirks with a set of crooked lips, right then winks his eyelid, left and flirts like a teen in English Lit class while I grin and giggle, flirting back to him when the trumpets toot and drum heads roll. Ranns eyeballs turn to see Dirk as I snarl like an alligator and see Dirk march to his Throne chair. Dirk soldierly stands at the chair, and holds a purple shiny jeweled scepter in his left hand and the red Book in his right hand. I sigh with deception.
Ive decided to form a new elite division within my Royal army. Dirk announces. Iwill personally train a legion of warriors who possess Tele-abilities. The citizens softly mutter to each other as I get really worried and stare at Dirk as he continues in his tenor saxophone while his body and his voice echoes along the walls of the comfones and comlens. The term is new and different. You might could label itAlien. Dirk growls after that single word like a wounded animal and stares specifically at me as the citizens softly mumble to each other. Please allow me to explicate. Dirk lifts the red Book in air with his right hand and lecture. In the Book, it states that a medical patient who falls into a coma, will then die in two days later. In truth, a Sickness patient is re-born to a higher state of consciousness within their normal mind. Heor she is re-engineered into a new world of the metaphysical science with their own inmate supernatural powers which is called Tele powers. The citizens coo like doves as Dirk sorta stretches the truth. I felllike the Book states into a deep sleepy comalast year. When I emerged, I possessed the Tele power of Telepathy. The citizens softly mutter into each other faces and Dirk names. General Ira. Ira swiftly stands like a good solider, facing Dirk from his assigned seat on the first row in the first position.
Yes, Sire. Ira waits for his command from Dirk.
In your mind, I want you to visualize a number between one and ten. Dirk instructs, and hands off small items of an old fashioned white paper and a purple feather ink pen as Ira nods his skull, once in silence command and Dirk asks. Do you have a number in your mind? Ira nods his skull, once in silence acknowledgment then Dirk demands. Write the number on the paper, fold it and give it to General Rann. Ira faithfully obeys while Dirk impresses the citizens but not me then Dirk predicts. Iyour kingwill correctly state the math number without seeing the folded paper sitting inside the hands of General Rann. On cue, Rann swiftly stands from his chair and holds the folded paper in his right hand in the air waves for the viewing curious clueless citizens. Dirk hums loudly, shaking his red skull side to side like a sick farm jackass ready to puke and then sways gently his six feet thin tall frame back and forth like he dances to invisible music inside his insane mind. I sigh with Hollywood show.
Dirk yells EIGHT. I jump, kitten-like from my assigned hair as my bee_hind lifts one-sixteenth of an inch from the padded cloth while Rann gingerly opens the folded paper in his hands, and stares studiously at the math number. Then, Rann nosily gasps and flips the open paper to the nearest citizens, showing the printed math number of eight scribbled in the black ink of Iras handwriting. The citizens softly whisper to each other as.  Dirk orders. Settle down. He raises both his arms in the air in the formation of a V pattern as his silk robe sleeves fall to his collar bone and Dirk promises. Each one of you possesses a true Tele power. The citizens coo like doves as a lonely visible body stands upright among the clueless citizens and. 
A visible body voices in her alto clarinet. Forgive me, Sire! I dont believe you. Ira is your most trusted officer. Rann, youre second-in-command of your Royal Militia. I require an impartial test from an unbiased citizen.
Very well, youll have a neutral person for the next Tele-demonstration. Dirk nods his skull, once and addresses as my Tele senses ping.  Everything aint fine.
I will choose Dirk studiously stares at his trusted Militia officers who sit like targeted ducklings on the front row and he names. I choose Major Starra. I sit calmly beside Rann and wrinkle my forehead, ugly while un-crossing my sexy legs that lean on Ranns kneecaps and.
WHYYYY? I whine like I stepped my new right leather boot in a fresh pile of horse shit as the citizens chuckle to each other while Dirk is trying to make me reveal my true Tele-powers since he doesnt know but probably suspects the great extent of my Tele-talents. And, I plan to keep it that way. I sigh with intrigue.
Sheis as skeptical as I. An invisible face shouts in her piccolo music in the rear of the room.
Skeptical isnt the word I think buddy since I feel like a laboratory rat locked in a looping maze as I slo mo stand from my man and my comfortable chair, slowly walking to the enemynawthe king with my back muscles straight and tight while my two hands fold into fighting fists of angry and fury. I sigh with murder.
Dirk towers his tallness over my petite frame, impresses the crowd but not me and he lectures. Iwill dispense disbelievers and doubters. Pay close attention, please!
This should be a neat trick, Dirk. I growl like a wounded animal into his silk covered chest.
Im going to test the power of Telepathy on you, Major Starra. Itwillnothurt. He yells and impresses the crowd but not me as the citizens coo like doves.
How many times I have read that before? I poke fun with a T-touch of Telepathy for the rear wallflowers to hear as the citizens laugh at my lame joke then Dirk dips his ugly face into my pretty face while I smell his stinky breathe.
Dirk promises. Keep the crowd entertained, Starra. This show is about youanyways.
Nice of you to keep me in your thoughts, Dirk! I thunder into his left eardrum.
All the time, Starra! He smiles and words with danger. I sigh with doom.
Dirk eyeballs the citizens and shouts. Iam writing a number on a piece of paper between one and ten. I want you to use your mighty gifted Tele-power of Telepathy. I want you to read my mind and tell me the math number as I demonstrated with General IraMajor Starra. I smile and Dirk writes something and hands off to General Ira and.
I attack. You wish. I giggle as the citizens laugh with their set of healthy lungs at Dirk and.
I close my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I do feel better from my short cat nap and I know the dang number is four(yeah, baby)Dirk has written on the plain white sheet of piece since Im not going to tell him or the citizens while I pretend to ponder the lame question. Then, I slowly shift my silver bangs into my face, swaying my cute body back and forth like I love to dance naked and hold back from vomiting on his new silk robes.
Times up! Dirk shouts.
Okay. I open my eyelashes, blinking once, twice then thrice and Dirk is still here so I smirk with a set of crooked lips, right.
Your answer? He asks.
The answer is six. I lie honestly, grin and giggle with goofy smile as Ira unfolds the paper in his hands showing me the correct answer which isnt the number six as I giggle.
Ira shouts. The number is four. Told ya! I possess powerful potent Tele shit but Im not the fool here as I grin and giggle with a goofy smile at Dirk. I sigh with deception.
Another try, Starramaybe.you can concentrate harder. Dirk wrinkles his forehead, ugly and orders to me.
HARDLY, I misstep as citizens chuckle at Dirk then Dirk claps his hands as his slavesnaw.his servants from his Royal castle present a single white box tied with a cute purple satin ribbon.
Dirk holds the box high above his skull in the air waves for the all to see and explains. This box contains a specific item inside. Please use your mighty gifted Tele-power of Teleclairvoyance to scan the enclosed box with your Tele-mind and tell me the hidden item insideMajor Starra.
YOUR HAND! I mistake as citizens roar with jungle cat laughter at Dirk and Dirk immediately turns the white box upside down. Then, the white lid drops to the floor as the hidden item is a bouquet of strong powerful fragranced wild roses that colors in purple and orange flowers freshly plucked from the Rose gardens outside the Royal castle.
I word. I shouldve smelled the dang box instead of stared at the pretty paper. I T-touch with Telemetabolics to keep from green puke vomiting all over Dirks silk robes since the deep flower stench was overwhelming to my natural physical five senses. Yall seeI am not going to disclose my T-power of Teleclairvoyance since I need it to be hidden for Dirk, foreverly as the citizens hoot like a set of barn owls for fun. Im hot today as I smile and ponder becoming a comedian, not a pilot probably making a lot more currs entertaining the Royal army and I could still blackmail Dirk for fun as I giggle with a girly twang while Dirk growls like a grizzle bear in my face for attention and.
You dont seem to be focusing, Starra. Dirk lectures fatherly to me as I smile and.
Yeah, I am. Maybe, I aint as talented as you thought, Your Hinnieness. I shout with a T-touch of Telepath so citizens can enjoy my great joke on Dirk while they silent for1 second...2 secondsthen laugh their butt holes off.
You possess talented Tele abilities. Indeed! Dirk compliments.
Indeed! I dont. I opposite as citizens chuckle like turkeys.
Indeed! You do. He insists and claps his hands in my face while the servants present a silver tray empty of any contents, holding the tray high like a kite in the windnawthe air even with my pretty freckles.
Here we go, again. I mumble.
I hold a heavy silver tray in my outstretched hands. I want you to use your mighty gifted Tele-power of Telekinesis. I want you to lift the object into the air. Dirk instructs.
How high? I yell as the citizens laugh at Dirk.
Fourteen inches. Dirk maths.
Ooookay. I vowel then smirk with a set of crooked lips, right as Dirk sneers like a junk yard dog within my face while I giggle with a girly twang and I studiously stare at the shiny clean silver tray. It does not move and I do not move but Dirk fidgets after three long seconds of time while I silently stare at his numb fingers grasping the heavy serving tray.
Try a little harder, Starra. Please make the tray float into the air. Dirk instructs with his pained pitch tone. I sigh with boredom.
I challenge. Make it float into the air by twitching my nose, wiggling my ears or shaking my as
ENOUGH! Dirk shouts as the citizens clap, holler, and whistle for fun then Dirk compliments. Thank you, Major Starra. Youve been a very convivial subject. I roller ball my gray eyes in a complete circle and.
I whisper. Whatever! I gracefully pirouette as my skirt elegantly twirls in the air like the kid that stole all the chocolate chips cookies from the cookie jar and quickly truck back between Rann and Nat while Nat grins at me and Rann chuckles into my left eardrum as I smile into Ranns face. I sigh with true love.
Theres one more Tele-talent I wish to demonstrate. The gift is calledTelemetabolics or the healing touch. Dirk explains.
Doesnt this man not know when to quit? I whisper and study Dirk since he trying to hurt someone else but not me as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
I require another volunteer. Dirk asks scanning his next victim and names his next victim. General Rann, if you would please stand, and approach me. Rann faithfully obeys and swiftly stands then lifts his left boot like a good soldier as I jump, kitten-like from my assigned chair, blocking Rann from Dirks harm as I park my body in front of Rann and.
I stop this silly game. Wait! I volunteer.
Starra, I have tested your abilities. You failed. Dirk states then growls like a wounded animal.
Wait! Hold the comfone! I failed the three tests. This is true. Buttttt.you mentioned that each one of us possesses.one talent. I brilliantly debate and bob my curls up and down several times like a farm pony and explain. Mine must thishealing touch. Im prepared for you to perform this test on me.
Test hertest her.test her The citizens cry in unison as I smile brightly at Dirk and Dirk scans with his eyeballs and rotating neck muscles the excited citizens then he burns fire balls at me and.
Dirk motions with his right hand as I skip happily into the frying pan again and he warn in my face. Very well, MajorIll test you for the last time. I hope you pass, Starra. I grin and giggle and T-touch with Telepathy and.
I shout. Thank you, Sire. I feel very confident that Iwillpass this time. He forcefully grabs my right forearm, leaning his pimple pus-filled nostrils and stinky bad breath in my face and.
Dirk promises. Dont embarrass me, again, Starra. Youll live to regret it.
I regret it alright butIll pass. I whisper and pivot soldierly and smile toothy to the citizens, announcing wildly. If I cannot pass this test than Iam a worthless warrior to his Majestys army. The citizens cheer for joy as Dirk claps his hands and the servants present a very large gold-plated sharp knife. 
He holds the knife high in the air. Iam going to cut her arm. She will perform the Tele-power of a healing touch called Telemetabolics to the open wound and heal herself. The citizens coo like doves as I swallow the thick mouth salvia and choke it back down my tight throat and.
I sing in piccolo music. Stang! Dirk smiles down at me and.
Dirk exclaims. Bbots are standing by justincaseyou fail, Starra. The citizens rumble to each other as Dirk orders. Your arm, Starra! The citizens coo like doves as I slowly extend my left tanned healthy forearm in Dirks direction then he quickly grabs and rapidly jerks my arm and me forward with brute force to his posed position. I smell his dirty body and the stench of bad odor almost throwing up my breakfast entre then he aims the golden shiny point knife and slices deeply inside my delicate tanned tissues of my forearm. Immediately, my red blood gashes over the clean orange floor as I cringe in painful beauty. I sigh with pain.
That hurt, Dirk! I whine like a spanked toddler to my grandma.
Then heal it Dirk commands in his new bass saxophone while he views the incision that measures in one inch of length sputtering my precious red liquid over my arm, the floor, and the shorts of my gray uniform. He has missed the vital parts of my healthy arm such as the blood veins, bones, and nerve endings, striking only at the taunt thin muscles and three layers of tanned epidermis. I sigh with fury.
I close my gray eyes.  Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus. Heal.
My healthy muscle tissue folds like silk over and over the visual ugly red cut, covering the exposed blood veins as the bleeding stops then my tan skin ripples and shifts like a worm using T-touch of Telemetabolics to me but Tele-magic to the citizens and heals the muscle tissue forming a smooth golden membrane over the once ugly open cut. No scars! No bruises! No problem! I open gray eyes and smile delightfully at my awesome Tele-gift of Telemetabolics while Dirk stares at me since I have exposed one of my four precious secrets. I sigh with alien.
Very good, Starra! Dirk holds and stares at my healed arm then extends my limb upright in the air waves for all eyeballs. SEE! He shouts as the citizens coo like doves and he promises. Everyone possesses a Tele-power. Dirk proclaims as the citizens softly mutters to each other then he lectures. I will be conducting Tele-trials startingtomorrow morningright here. Please come for testingif you dare Dirk chuckles and continues. Jesting aside, this isnot a Royal decree He adds. If youre interested in trying any one the Tele tests, Major Starra will see you tomorrow at eight in the morning conducting applicants for my new army. Dirk decrees.
Me! I mice squeak then purse my lips, tightly because Dirks more interested in me than the qualifying Tele candidates that Im supposed to be testing. I sigh with danger.
Dismissed! Dirk concludes, and pivots soldierly then walks off the purple stage while the citizens stand from bee_hind, shuffle on feet, and stroll on legs out the set of double wide doors.
Dirk is after me, not the citizens as I stare at him until Dirk vanishes into a secret gray door under the purple stage as my Tele senses ping. A presence. 
I feel the gently tug on my once severed left arm then I cringe from a slight pain since my muscle tissues are still strained from my swift awesome acting healing technique so I need one or two more T-touches of Telemetabolics for a totally tooting recovery then neck snap my face and stare at Rann. He smiles sweetly at me, holding tenderly my left forearm, and brushing the closed wound with his five soft finger pads of his right hand. I sigh with true love.
Amazing Rann whispers softly that nicely floats into my eardrums as I smile toothy.
Not really. I purr softly then Rann eyeballs me, clinging gently to my arm as he closetly shifts my body into his heated and muscular naked chest inside the white vest.
You have saved me from Rann whispers in my face.
Humiliation. I answer.
Not exactly! He shakes his skull side to side.
Embarrassment! I replace.
Im thinking. He vocals.
What? I smart-hole.
Death? Rann rumbles in his sexy baritone trombone.
I wrinkle my forehead, funny, and repeat. Death?
If Dirk had sliced my arm in the exact same place and waited the exact same seconds, I wouldve bled to death all over the clean floor. He eye burns the bloody floor from Dirks direct attack on my arm where the stain still stands then returns his eyeball upon me, pursing his lips tightly.
Youre in no real harm, Rann. I tease like a true warrior-girl.
Rann wrinkles his forehead, ugly and inquires with his tomcat curiosity. Whys that, Starra?
BecauseI got your back, buddy? I smile toothy then slap with a hardy punch his bicep using a little of my T-strength with my right hand to get his happy reaction as Rann smiles toothy, and eye burns me. Told ya! Im going to have major fun in the fifth time line since the other four have been a major toil for me.
Day 109. auditorium. worker Starra. sunny skies. 84F. morning. I relax very comfortably with my propped new cowgirl boots that decorates in black python snake skin with hot pink animal skin from the boot toe to the middle of my foot arch while I discovered the pretty pair inside the closet of my old room at the Bonita mansion onto the empty desk, balancing my body in the thick padded chair, brushing numerous chocolate chip cookie crumbs(breakfast)off my new black uniform of sprinkled with tiny satin bows around the sweetheart neckline and a tight tiny waist-band that Rann replaced for me for the one that Dirk ruined on purpose. Three white balls flyno whereupon the three ten-inched high ball stands as I multi-task both yelling and reading the new adventure book that I stole from Dirks Library last night on the fourth floor of his castle. NEXT. I note no movement, body or voice since Im ordered to test all the citizens for Tele-powers, promising to obey Dirks commands because stupid me made a deal with the Devil himself. I sigh with entrapment.
No candidates, citizens, or clowns existhere inside the auditorium so I can fly home to my Bonita castle among the bright and hot day and lay by the swimming pool and burn my petite body. I sigh with sunburn.
The table shifts accidentally causing the balls to shake like a series of tiny earthquakes inside the cupped holders as I T-balance with Telekinesis and stop the table, the balls, and the holders from falling onto the clean floor. My instruction is for each Tele aint seen in hours candidate per idiot king Dirk to test for T-levitation of the-balls(get it)with the T-trick(got itIm so good). Therefore, four hours has come and gone with the sunshine and I test and fail three brave citizens. I sigh with boredom.
My second Tele instruction is to read correctly the math number from a card as I hold a five- inched card in my right hand with the printed math numbers between zero and ten. So far, no brave citizen has guessed the correct math answer. I sigh with math.
My third instruction is to predict future event as I finger point at the pretty purple wrapped satin box tied in a matching purple ribbon on the side table which holds a single purple China dinner plate from Dirks Royal Kitchen. Im doing the best I can with my limited resources as I giggle with a girly twang. Someone did predict that the Sahara Warriors will win the Game Championshiplater this year like thats a real life prediction of a future event.since the Sahara Warriors are the bestest Game players in the galaxy and win every year the Game Championship. The Game needs some new players and some new teams and some new coaches and some new competition or some new combo of the listed as I giggle. I sigh with entertainment.
My fourth instruction is to heal somethingforget it, yallmy forearm is not getting slashed foreverly as I hold safety in my right hand a miniature toy doll constructed of pig skin, horse hair, and transfused with red ketchup from Dirks Kitchen to imitate the blood gory scene then I slice safely an inch mark into the organic dummy and ask the Tele aint seen in hours candidate to heal it. Therefore, I have mutilated three dolls as I laugh. I sigh with destruction.
I average that one candidate takes precisely 50 minutes of my wasted precious tick tock clock time measurement on Commerce as he or she meekly strolls to me, testing the four objects and failing the four tests by me then leave meforeverly. I sigh with bye-bye.
There are 50 seconds in a single minute and 50 minutes in one hour so if I testso far one candidate every hour thats a total of 8 candidates per day and 20 hours in a day therefore I work 8 hours in a day. I sigh with math.
The total population is 1,000,000 citizens so 1,000,000 fools divided by 8 hours of work equals 125,000 days of testing and theres 300 days in Commerce year which is a combo of Spring, Summer, Fall and Winter terms. So125,000 of testing fools divided by Spring, Summer, Fall, and Winter days in Commerce year equals 416.667 years to finish my task for Dirk as I roar with jungle cat queen laughter.
I bet Dirk cannot live that long in this galaxyeven if he and his citizens do ageforeverly as I ponder deeply that there is this little known Earth medical bio-fact that Im not going to live for another 416.667 years, either as I laugh with my illogical math.
I definitely need more help and definitely will complain to my head management. It sucks. The king can do half of his own work theoretically since Dirk is seer (gift of Teleclairvoyance) and mover (gift of Telekinesis). I sigh with boredom.
From the kiddie paint set, I brush lots of coats of red color and then I float like magic in the air each set of white balls from the cloth white bag. Lets pretend to have some fun. I paint each white ball with a red visual face of pure emotion as I present proudly like a new Mama the faces for Happy, Lumpy, Grumpy, Sleepy, Dopey, Curly, Bashful, Doc, and Wheezy as I giggle.
I love my childhood stories on Planet Earth so I paint Wheezy Ball with red nose mucus lines running down his pale white face that represents theoretically Dirka wheezy weaselmaybea wheezing weasel as I roar with jungle cat queen laughter.
STARRA! Dirk yells standing his royal ass inside the golden archesnawthe golden archway of the gray door under the stage as I stand and scoot the chair as it bangs against the table for angry then I sexy saunter in my new cowgirl boots across the open floor from my metal desk to the room like a Woof dog obeying its master. The underground Throne Room decorates with purple walls, three purple rugs and a square purple desk with no windows along with no other exits and no citizens to bug Dirk as I calmly stroll to the oversized purple chair and sit like a Southern belle crossing my legs boots inside his Throne chair.
Make your person comfortable, Starra. Dirk greets nicey-nice, plopping his tallness into oversized yellow Daisy covered chair opposite of me.
I try. I address, smiling.
Recruits? He words.
I want a vacation. How many vacation days do I get, boss? I demand, first.
He words. None.
None I sing in flute music, twisting my lips, ugly at him.
Recruits? He repeats.
None I kick in, grinning and gigglingyall seethis is the give and take game that I take all that Dirk gives me. I sigh with conceit.
Find me candidates. He orders.
Im looking and testing citizens as fast as I can. They are no candidates, Dirk. I sum.
You are incorrect, Starra. He corrects then lectures. You work for the king.thats me from nine in the morning to five in the afternoon. Thats eight hours of testing with lunch served at your work station and no time for sun bathing your tan either. Find.merecruits.
No tanning I pout, cute-like my lips and word unhappily.
Youll have to postpone your fun until your tasks finished. He orders.
Im working as fast as I can. I lie honestly.
You do what youre told orelse? He instructs.
Dont threaten me? I sit my body upright and warn warmingly.
Iam not threatening you, Starra. You work for the king.thats me. Our deal! He reminds.
I get the distant impression that I aint the only one challenging your reignthe king. I poker face.
I thought you only possessed the Tele-ability of healing, not Teleclairvoyance. He observes.
I get the distant impression that youve lost the popularity contest to someone else. Someone whos more handsome, more richer, and more charming thanthe king. I bluff.
The citizens can be fickle at times. Dirk eye burns the pretend window and comments meekly.
.only in the good times it seems. I have noted during bad times they like to be led and follow capriciously. I observe.
Maybe. He sings in his tenor saxophone and eye burns me.
Rann challenges your position on every Royal decree. I touch the edge of the soft fabric. Thats the bee buzz going around the kingthats your castle. I dig for deeper information.
You are wrong. He words softly.
I am right. I eye burn Dirk, stating the truth. I sigh with victory.
Im about to increase my popularity with the citizens. Dirk wiggles his bee_hind deeply into the yellow padded fabric tipping his ten finger pads like a triangle, eye burning me.
I twist my lips, ugly and debate like a criminal lawyer. How in the universe are you going to do that? Dirk smiles as I worry then I am dismissed while I jog home to my castle. I sigh with concern.
Jubilation Day. Announcement. King Dirk. Auditorium. partly cloudy skies. 76F. afternoon. Since our old kingly business has concluded, I have a new kingly announcement. Dirk stands soldierly upon the purple stage in his Halloween clothes and proclaims unwisely.
Whats he doingnow? Observant business-like Ty neck snaps his skull to flirting Rann as Rann and I play the Intergalactic War electronic game on his mini-bot during the Jubilation news blast and Rann is winning compliments of me as I giggle with a girly twang.
I did not know, Ty. Rann stops playing with me and expresses seriously, frowning on his handsome face then Rann stands while they advance together to the open window of the second level of the Agri skybox inside the auditorium. I roller ball my pupils deeply into the rear of my curls, ditching the mini-bot upon the soft loveseat and skip in my new cowgirls boots beside Rann, holding his warm hand with my right five finger pads. He extends the sweet gesture and cuddles me closer into his heated body as I giggle with a girly twang.
I lounge inside Tys skybox since theres an abundance of food and drink from Planet Agri and my favorite food chocolate cake since I dont own Planet Bonita but Dirk does. Because Im borrowing it in the new time linewellIm blackmailing Dirk to use it as my home in the new time line. I sigh with conceit.
Dirk burps into the comfones with his mysterious words. I have createda Royal Carnival from the ancient tradition of centuries passed down in our universe when many nobles dedicated dirt fields on their planets for public display of goods and merchandise from agricultural to technology. The citizens cheer with joy as I stare at Dirk.
A Royal Carnival? Ty repeats and neck snaps his face to Rann as I stare at Dirk.
I do not know. Rann reacts, studying Dirks intents as I stare at Dirk.
Dirk tosses. Carnivals are often held in conjunction with a significant and historical event. The citizens coo like doves as I stare at Dirk.
A historical event? Ty repeats and neck snaps his face to Rann.
I do not know, Ty. Rann reacts, studying Dirk as I stare at Dirk.
The local occasion is my Royal birthday. Dirk announces as the citizens cheers with glee and I neck snap my curls to Rann and.
I inquire with kitty-cat curiosity. How old is Dirk?
His birthday? Ty repeats and neck snaps his face to Rann as I stare at Rann.
I did not know, Ty. Rann reacts, studying Dirks intents.
Dirk punts. Im canceling all work schedules, school classes, and revising vacation plans this week in celebration of my Royal birthday. The citizens cheer with joy as I stare at Rann and.
I inquire with my kitty-cat curiosity. How old is Dirk? 
This is a problem. Ty sums and neck snaps his face to Rann.
A big problem! Rann confirms, studying Dirks intents.
I inquire with my kitty-cat curiosity. How old is Dirk?
Not now, Starra. Rann reprimands once, while studying Dirk.
How old? I annoy.
We dont discuss ages. Rann responds with mystery while studying Dirk.
Why not? I smart-hole.
We dont. Rann doesnt explain.
Why not, Rann? I smart-hole for a second time since I demand to know Dirks new age and Ranns old age. I flash back mentally in the third time line when I got dumped into the worm hole for not knowing Dirks age, and failed the return to Earth.
Hes older than you are. Rann answers with an encrypted sentence like that helps me since Im very young or very old depending upon the direction of the space flight to or from this universe. I flash back mentally into the first time line when Dirk was 73 years of age.
I subject change. How did Dirk become king?
Rann comments, studying Dirk. Voted in after Bartholomew died.
Dirk wraps with a big smile. The Royal Carnival will host lots of amusement park rides, entertainment shows, fun contests for participants, food boothsand more. The citizens hoot, clap, and whistle with happiness as Ty looks at Rann and.
Whos paying for this? Ty asks to Rann.
We are. Rann remarks, studying Dirk.
Are we? Ty reverses, wrinkling his forehead, ugly.
Dirkll reap the profits from the rides, booths, and shows. Rann concludes brilliantly.
As usual Ty expresses with sadness and lightly punches his folded fist onto the wooden pane.
Most usual. I comment, smiling that the Royal Carnival sounds like fun, fun, and more fun. I sigh with confusion.
Day 110. worker Starra. partly cloudy skies. 75F. afternoon. Rann and Ranns smile captures my eyeballs as he parks his body beside my propped cowgirl boots on the metal table while I present again in my new black uniform of sprinkled tiny satin bows around the sweetheart neckline and a tight tiny waist-band around the short. I sigh with true love.
Are you busy? He asks.
Yeah, tons of citizens are waiting outside for me. I joke, giggling.
Really. He rotates his neck muscles around the empty room. Well, let me re-phase. Are you busy for lunch?
Naw, a girls got to eat. I grin and giggle as Rann snaps his thumb pad and his index finger with a musical tune then two Wbots approach swiftly from the open set of double doors floating two food carts then quickly assemble the Dining table and food dishes as I stand and walk to my lunch meal and comment. This is so nice. Thank you, Rann. Rann runs around the table, sliding the chair for me as I park my bee_hind in the padded seat.
Youre very much welcome, Starra. I thought you might enjoy companyfor. He dumps without completing then smiles at me while rotates his legs to the empty chair right beside me as the Wbot serves us the first course of salad.
Indeed! I dofor. I dump without completing then wink my eyelash, right and consume with my Southern belle ladylike manners all my selected meat, fruits, bread, and chocolate dessert.
You eat a lot for a noble lady. Rann playfully teases for fun.
I hate vegetables. I remark off key for fun.
I like vegetables but I love He dumps without completing then winks his eyelid, left at me for more flirting fun then he smiles and snaps his two fingers while the two Wbots clear swiftly all the dirty plates, dishes, and silverware from our make-shift Dining table as I slo mo stroll back to my metal work station beside Rann. No candidates? He eye burns the set of double doors.
Its more like failed candidates. I comment.
Thats interesting. He notes, pursing his lips, tightly.
No, its boring, time consuming, and disappointing. I ponder mysteriously that there are no Teles during this time line. I sigh with strangeness.
For you or Dirk? He options.
For Dirk! Im just the workhorse. I do what Im told. I word.
We all do. Rann pains his words then brightens happily with a smile. MaybeI can entertain you for a while.
Please do! I sit sexy on the edge of the table, crossing my legs as I signal that Im ready to marry Rann before another young beauty since Im not getting any younger. I sigh with age.
My red faces of painted white balls float like Tele-magic in mid-air as I wrinkle my forehead, ugly and studiously stare at the levitated balls. I sigh with shock.
A sexy deep baritone laughter rumble hides beside my body. Have a chair, Starra? Rann offers then waves his right hand side to side and T-flairs with his Telekinesis as two chair scoots magically across the polished floor to my table hitting the metal edge. CLANK! CLANK!
How in the universe did you do that? I swiftly stand on my boots and rudely finger point at each chair and inquire with my kitty-cat curiosity. I sigh with impossible.
He smiles, guiding me into the first chair. Practice, practice and more practice.
When did you discover you were a Tele? I ask as I sit and Rann shuttles to the empty one besides me.
The other day after I had witnessed your amazing Tele-demonstration, I concentrated with my mind. Then, the glass floated in the air for two full seconds before breaking upon the tile. Rann explains.
Youre a quick study. I note and smile.
So, I tried it again and again and again until I perfected the motion without breaking the China pieces. He comments and chuckles.
Congratulations, youre a mover. I announce, grinning and giggling.
What am I? He asks and frowns so cute-like.
You possess the gift of Telekinesis. I call it a mover as a shorter nick name. I share.
Thats very clever, Starra. Rann smiles.
Im impressed as well, Rann. I quote.
Not yet! He smiles.
Not yet! I repeat.
Watch this! Rann waves both his hands as the set of ten balls, cards, and dolls lift and float with T-zap of his Telekinesis on my table into the air then they dance like ballerinas around my pretty head.
This is supposed to impress me. I joke.
Not yet! He smiles still wiggling his ten finger pads as I giggle then my table shuffles and shifts up from the floor by two inches then six inches then twelve inches then three feet into the air.
Im very impressed. I quote.
Not yet! He smiles, wiggling his ten finger pads directly at me and.
RANNNN! I scare as my table, the balls, the cards, the dolls, and I float up high, higher, and highest into the roof rafters which is fourteen inches from the orange plaster ceiling and I yell. I BELIEVE. I hold the edge of my chair with ten white knuckles as the chair rocks and rolls back and forth like a sea boat and I scare. RANNNNN! I hear his laughter echo into the ceiling then bounce into my eardrums and.
Stay calm! Starra! He yells while the table, the items, and I slowly descend to the floor as Rann sits comfortably in his padded chair, folding his biceps over his naked chest with victory while smiling like a prince as I swiftly stand from the chair so he doesnt play that game again and smile at him and.
Im truly astounded with your Tele talents. I compliment.
Thank you, he notes.
And your gentleman personality I flirt.
When does your shift end? He stands from his chair, blocking me from my chair, scooting his naked chest into my new sweetheart neckline while touching gently both my arms with his ten finger pads as I neck snap my face at the comlen on the far wall, reading the current time of one in the afternoon then tattle. Four in the afternoon. I eye burn him and smile.
Would you care to accompany me to the first night of Carnival? He invites.
Id love to accompany you to the first night of Carnival? I smile and bat my black eyelashes for permanently confirmation as he smiles.
Ill arrive at your mansion at five in the evening. He details as I nod my curls, once in silence acknowledgement then he compliments. Very good! Enjoy your afternoon, Lady Starra. Rann kisses tenderly my right cheekbone and he surfaces, smiles, and exits out the building. I sigh with true love.
STARRA! Dirk yells as I neck snap my face at the monsternawthe king then he motions with his left hand towards him as I happily skip like into the secret Throne room like a kid jumping rope. I sigh with marriage.
High spirits, today, he notes.
Very high spirits, indeed! I use Dirks favored word and sit opposite his Throne chair since Dirk beat me to it. I sigh with conceit.
I have finished reviewing all your files, folders and records for Sickness patients. I start.
And? Dirk puzzles.
I cant find citizens with the Sickness conditionanyway on any planet. I continue.
Youre missing something, Starra. He suggests then nosily sips on his sweaty beverage.
I wish to miss you. I whisper.
Care for a beverage, Starra? He invites with a friendly tone, holding the un-opened bottle upright next to his ugly face as I shake my right hand horizontally side to side and.
I inform. Not that stuff, alcohol affects my brain cells to fast. I cant control myself.
Really? He remarks, grinning with a stupid grin.
Its just an observation, Dirk. I share.
Try this insteadyoull enjoy it. I promise He swiftly stands from his Throne chair and offers me the drink placing the bottle in my upright hand.
What is it? I stare at the pretty orange liquid use T-zap of Telemetabolics measuring for any degree of poison content. Yall know.this is Dirk that Im sitting across the floor.
A new beverage! He states and smiles toothy as I twist cap off after concluding theres no toxics for my body then nosily sip the orange cool liquid in the sweaty bottle. 
The beverages sweet tasting. I conclude and chug more liquid.
A blend of sugar, water, and color for looks. He words softly.
Its sugar water. I brilliantly substitute and drink more liquid.
No not really. He states and smiles.
Theres a taste. Its tangy. I conclude and chug more liquid.
I added an herb from my garden. He states and smiles.
An herb. I repeat and drink more liquid.
The secret ingredient. He states and smiles.
This is really a great tasting drink, Dirk. I compliment and drink more liquid.
Its a big hit with the citizens. Every food and beverage establishment is serving it in their establishments. He states and smiles.
You get the profits. I guess and drink more liquid.
I own the universe, Starra. He states and smiles.
Duh! I forgot. Butyou dont get all the curr profits. I insult and smile wickedly.
The Sickness patients? He states and smiles at me as I nosily down the last gulp of the sweet orange beverage.
I demand. Can I have another one? Dirk snaps his thumb pad and his index finger together as the Wbot floats a short tray with a single bigger glass bottle of a new sparkling green liquid flying towards me.
Did I tell you the liquids addictive? He states and smiles.
Addictive? I repeat, popping the lid and consuming the yummy green apple sugary flavor upon my pink tongue and my invisible taste buddies. I sigh with delightfulness.
Addictive! He sings and smiles.
Thats a joke right? I ponder and consume more green-tinted beverage.
Right! He sings and smiles.
You need to work on your punch line. I comment then grin and giggle and consume more green-tinted beverage.
Punch? He sings and smiles.
Get it, punch I rudely finger point at green drink then grin and giggle and consume more of the good tasting beverage.
Folks cant stop drinking it, Starra. He states and smiles.
Well, I can. I word then consume more green-tinted drink.
They just consume and consume the colored punch one after another and another. He states and smiles.
I can stop anytime I want. I word then consume more green drink.
Sickness patients? He subject changes and smiles at me.
What do you call this stuff? I rudely finger point at green drink then consume more beverage.
Fiss. He sings and smiles as I remove the colored bottle from my pink lips and listen intensively to the soft fizzing sound bombarding my eardrums as sugar, bubbles, and water collide purposefully inside the clear glass.
I compliment. Catchy name! Clever, Dirk! I drink more of the green apple flavored sugary watery drink then lick funny my sweet lips of the sugary residue and grin and giggle.
Thank you. He states and smiles.
I dont know you had brains. I insults then grin and giggle and consume more drink.
Sickness patients! He subject changes and smiles.
I cant find any. They dont exist. I word then consume more drink. Ive tested all of them. No Tele-ability existseither. I cant explain iteither. I drain the last drop of green apple Fiss then I snap my thumb pad and my index finger together while Wbot hovers then quickly floats to me with a new yellow-tinted Fiss. I rudely grab the sweaty bottle, screwing the top from the glass then nosily gulp three deep swallows like an ocean fish of the tangy banana beverage.
Addictive? He sings and smiles as I remove the bottle from my pink sugary lips then back hand the moisture off my mouth and comment. Im just thirty. I consume another sweet taste quickly.
If you say so? He comments and chuckles as I remove the bottle from my lips and.
I word with wetness around my mouth. I do say so.
Maybeyoure administering the Tele-tests incorrectly. He subject changes and smiles.
No, not me. I word and then consume more drink.
Lets test your theory of your incompetence. He states and smiles.
You mean competence. I correct then consume more banana beverage.
Excellent idea! He states and smiles as I remove the bottle from my lips, back hand and wipe the collected wet moisture from my mouth and ponder.
I propose, slo mo. I wantyouuhto select someone who youuhthinks might possibility have Tele-powerswho I cannot find. I Tele-test thiscitizen. We willsee if I pass. I smile then ponder that nonsense stupid staccato silly statement then down more yellow-tinted Fiss with deliciously delight. I sigh with sugary goodness.
Excellent idea, Starra. He states and smiles.
Dirks castle. renter Starra. bright night. 67F. evening. I anxiously rush into the empty Living Room, standing like a Greek goddess statue and yell. Bot, what does one wear to a Royal Carnival? I wave my arms and hands like a flying bird stuck in quicksand for1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds. Bot hovers silently at two feet from the hard flooring and blinks with colorful flashing red, blue, and green lights inside its belly while its outer covering is polished silver metal like silverware and shapes like cylinder trash can used in the backyard at my Earth home on Starbuck Plantation for stinky garage then I yell. BOT! I sigh with weirdness.
That statement does not compute. Bot machines and deactivates the series of colored flashing lights.
What? I smart-hole regarding this stupid steel step stool that Dirk uses to clean his dirty mansion while I blackmail to live and lounge until I marry Rann. I sigh with true love.
Bot machines. There has never been a Royal Carnival in past history of the universe on any noble planet to celebrate the Royal king or queens birthday in my data files. I cannot answer your inquiry.
I intrigue dropping my mouth like a hunger shark exposing my pink tonsils. Who was queen of the universe?
Pie eating contests are commonly listed during a Carnival as shown in my informational database. Bot machines.
I close my mouth, frowning my entire ugly and ask with kitty-cat curiosity. Who was queen of the universe?
You shouldnt wear any clothing consisting of delicate silk fabric since pie crme stains. Bot machines.
What else goes on in a Carnival? I subject change and smile.
Animal shows.
No sandals. I conclude.
Windy rides.
What kind of windy rides? I ask.
Water slides, boats, carts and carriages. Bot machines.
No skirts. I eliminate.
Fake houses.
What? I smart-hole.
Fun, horror and love houses known as carriage rides. Bot machines.
Whats a love house? I puzzle and plot with love.
A carriage ride usually only for a party of two citizensusually boy and girl sitting close inside the cart sharing hearts, candy and flowers. I do not comprehend the love theme. Bot machines as I giggle.
It translates into marriage for the party of a boy and girl. I explain, twisting my body towards my bedroom for my Carnival dress outfit as I whisper softly. Thats my finale for both Rann and Dirk. I giggle with a girly twang.
I cannot comprehend your statement, Starra. Bot machines behind me.
Thanks, Bot. Go back to your domestic housekeeping tasks, please. I command as the princess of manor while Bot veers to my left while I stomp up the stairs into my private bedroom.
Bedroom. My active mind images different clothing styles for the lovely effect of our future marriage as I decide on the shorty-short shorts with the cropped top and a pair of flat enclosed shoes for toe bone protection from all the animal poop and the breezy windy rides as I giggle. I wear the white outfit, pulling my long hair into a big pony curvy tail with a big white bow at pony arch. I stand soldierly at the full-length mirror and see the ultimate bridal wedding appearance! I sigh with true love.
And I don the white leather soft shoes and tie a big white tie bow around each ankle bone as I giggle and decide to leave the tiara, the title and the teasing behind. Tonights our night together alone just the two of usme and Rann as our romance begins. Tomorrow, the romance continuesthen the next day the marriage as I predict without using Teleclairvoyance(future seeing) that Ill be wearing a huge diamond ring on my left hand of my fourth finger following by our very expensive wedding.
DING! DING! Dont bother! Ill get it. I shout from the second story hallway, dashing like a zipper ship down the stairs, and galloping like a race-horse to the front door.
Bot machines. I am Bot and I intersect precisely together at the wood as I quickly grab the metal knob, first.
Shoo! I huff musically at Bot.
I cannot comprehend that statement. Bot machines.
SCATthing! I yell at the floating trashcan while Bot floats backwards with its tin can, first and then totally disappears its metal around the wall corner then I yell for a second time at Rann from behind the closed door like a desperate old maiden. Coming I shift my pony tail to my right shoulder in a sexy gesture then I slo mo open the door while I blink, wink, flirt, and greet in my new bass flute music. Rann, good evening!
Starra, good evening! Rann smiles and eye burns me, moving inside the Living Room as he gently grabs my right hand because I hover like a powder donut in the air for nibbling then he tenderly kisses my naked skin since I bathed and perfumed the limb as I giggle. He uprights from the nibbling and studies me. You look cute. He kisses gently my left hand as I giggle some more.
Thanks. Im ready for anything at the Carnival. I flirt.
So am I? He teases and leans into my pretty face as we twirl our bodies towards the archway and snail-walk towards the air limo, holding and swinging our hands like silly teens(wait, I am a silly teen)then Pbot opens the rear door while two Gbots spy on us, hooking onto the back bumper of the limo.
My jumbled deep emotions flood my head, heart, and hand with love, passion, and leather spicy smells of Rann as I scoot closer to him inside the limo while our hands, our arms, our bodies, and our lips touch tenderlyforever. We surface slowly. Whats the taste in your mouth? Rann questions wrinkling his forehead, ugly as I back hand and wipe the moisture from my wet lips. 
I confuse and confess. Im sorry for the bad taste. Fiss! I had a glass before I meet you.
Rann screws his eyebrows, ugly then reprimands. You shouldnt drink that nasty potion, Starra.
Not nasty, its very sweet. I correct and chuckle as Rann closetly hugs my body into his chest and.
Rann whispers into my right eardrum. Not as sweet as you are I giggle as we kiss for a second time. I sigh with true love.
Royal Carnival. clear sky. 65F. evening. Ladies and gentlemen! Welcome to the Royal Carnival! We have rides, food and feats of daring for you to observe, participate and enjoy. The Master of Ceremonies guards the double set of entrance gates and shouts to awaiting paying customers.
How many admission tickets, Rann? Sbot (service robot) machines.
Two. Rann maths.
Two hundred currs, Prince Rann. Sbot machines as Rann eye burns the Master of Ceremonies guarding the gates.
Rann questions. The price for one single admission is hundred currs.
The Kings decree.  Sbot machines.
The king. I repeat softly. I sigh with meanness.
I glance behind my right shoulder, seeing the colorful rags of their clothes on their small tiny bodies and note the looks of disappointment upon their little tiny faces as I notice theyre part of Dirks clan. Their parents cant afford the high admission currs on the Carnival tickets even though its set by their employer. My heart breaks inside my tiny chest since I want to enjoy the Carnival with Rann and I have thought about this lovely evening all day long at my desk at my work inside the auditorium.
A Carnival is fun and games for children while the adults gets the extra benefit of watching their children having fun and enjoying rides, food, and candy, not these little kids. So much for being alone with Rann tonight, I cant enjoy myself unless I help the kids into the Carnival to have a little fun. I sigh with sacrifice.
Ill pay for them since Im not a rich noble like Rann but I have more currs to pay for their admission than their parents while I decide to pay for the children to ride a few ponies, and play a few games, and eat a few snacks. Anyways, Ill blackmail Dirk for more currs.tomorrow as I snort like a wild boar and pull the triangles(shape of currs)from my white purse that matches my cute white outfit.
Rann tenderly pats my right hand and smiles at me then views the kids. Ill take care of it, Starra.
You read my mind, Rann. I was just thinking about the children. I smile sweetly as Rann sprinkles his currs into the air and it hit the dirt ground in silence while the children grab greedy the flying and grounded triangles then stash them into their side pockets. I propose and plot. Maybethey can follow us around for a little while.
I can read your mind. You want me to feed them, also. Rann can read my thoughts as I smile and nod my curls, once in silence as he views the children and.
I add. Well, Im a little hungry, too. I believe children should have nutritious meals quite often in the evening to stay healthy and fit. Rann gently kisses my right hand.
Youre correct. Children do need meals to stay healthy. He concludes then eye burns the kids.
They do have parents 
Please I coo.
Alright! I cannot resist your lovely smile. Rann comments and chuckles at me, wrapping me into his naked chest.
Thank you, Rann. I compliment.
Rann commands, motioning with his left hand. Youngsters, this way. He pays the ten little girls and boys to enter the Carnival.
First stop, ice cream. I twist my face to the kids and announce while the kids cheer with joy and Rann swirls at me and the kids.
Rann corrects. No, no, no! If Im going to feed the children, theyll eat a nutritious meal before dessert. And so will you, Starrawe have to be good role models for the universe, dont we? I nod, silently. Rann inquires. What would you like to eat for supper?
For supper, Id like three hot dogs, then for dinner, Id like chicken and for snack, Id like fruit slices. I listforever then giggle. We stop at the first food vendor.
Rann comments. Im going to be feeding an army tonight. I can tell. Please give me He glances at the children then at me then he orders from the food vendor. Three dozen hot dogs. He neck snaps his skull to me and inquires. What beverage would you like with supper?
Fiss, the purple one. I rudely finger point at the new bottle not having tried that new favor for tasting.
No, no, no, anything but Fiss. Rann reprimands me and the whining kids.
Why not? I smart-hole.
Fiss contains too much sugar for the kids. Were the adult role models, Starra. Rann orders to vendor. Two gallon containers of milkplease.
We finish eating our supper, dinner, and midnight snack rolled into the hour long meal, standing ready for the next conquest. The midway splits into four different avenues within the Carnival. One street provides curr purchases of funny and lovely merchandise goods while the second avenue shows for entertainment with electronic game booths and educational displays. The third road offers for competitive lots of neat contests for the citizens and the last street fills with daring windy thrill rides.
Games? I clap both my hands together as I decide which Avenue while the kids cheer with agreement seeing the first Game Stall while Rann tosses accurately the single baseball into each bucket hitting the mark. He plays ten times for each child presenting a prize to every kid then his eleventh toss is for me. Rann tosses at the target inside the largest hole and wins the biggest prize from the vendor Game Booth, presenting me with a large dolly as I accept the loving gift and giggle while Rann closetly hugs me into his chest, kissing my right cheekbone.
He whispers into my right eardrum. Lets see if I can get you another gift. I sigh with true love.
After pathing down entire the entire street and playing every available game booth, I and the kids have accumulated so many game toys that Rann has ordered four Sbots to carry our many presents to the air limo. Rann pulls me from the last booth then watches Sbots tote the last of the many boxes and escort the kids towards the limo for their home and bedtime. Rann cuts his eyeballs back to me as I remark happily. I believe that were going to need a larger limo, Rann. I giggle and grin.
I believe youre correct. Butlets explore the Agri stands. Rann comments and chuckles, shielding me into his chest for love and protection while we turn to the right and down our bodies into the second avenue and see many physical displays of meat trade and fruit produce of agricultural, pastoral, and horticultural goods from Planet Agri along with the new technology stuff from Tech World. Then, we collect a new set of followers, pre-teens since they recognize Rann as the only popular and generous noble.
The first warehouse is an agricultural display filled with food stuffs, nursery plants, and animalsyall knowfarm animals consisting of cows, sheep, pigs, chickens, horses, mules, donkeys, cats, and dogsoh my! Each station displays the first place blue ribbon for the largest thing in the universe. The largest bean stalk. The largest sunflower. The largest tomato vine. The largest cake. The largest pie. The largest cookie. The largest pizza. The largest sandwich. The largest hot dog. The largest hamburger. The largest cow.
Half way between the largest cow and the largest bull, Ty stumbles into our path with a very pretty young girl enfolding on his left forearm as Ty stops, smiles, and smiles some more then finally eye burns Rann then returns his eyelids for only her and he names softly. This isJoy.
Hello, Joy, I greet and grin.
Welcome to the Carnival, Ty and Joy. Rann bows at his waist with respect for the ladies then lightly barely touches her extended gloved hand instead of shake it like a guy. I sigh with jealousy.
He always does that hand thing with the females. Get over it! Get used to it! Either way, Rann is very popular and admired by all old and young girlswhich I gotta changepermanently. I sigh with envy.
Good evening, Prince She smiles.
Ty whispers into her right eardrum then she states and smiles softly. Rann and Starra. Joy possesses delicate skin like a flower with her fair light pale complexion almost the color of snow. Her eyes hold little purplish specs embedded in the dark blue giving her an exotic look. I sigh with curiosity.
This is the largest bull. Ty pulls Joy into his chest, and rudely finger points at the big ugly object as Rann and I follow Ty and Joy along the chicken wire fence to the next Agri display. Ty is very proud of his transfer planet as he rudely finger points at all the interesting and non-interesting displays talking secret words into Joys right eardrum.
I push into Ranns face and comment. Ty forgets to mention the largest smell. I giggle as Rann chuckles.
No bull over there! He rudely finger points near the bathroom stalls as I laugh and we boldly trail bodies of pre-teens into the latest machinery stuff from Tech World while a single smart-hole brave-heart kid requests a new zipper ship from Rann. And, Rann buys it and expresses pride that the kid has waited patiently for his selected gift thats action is going to make Rann a great fatherfor my children as I smile with my alien secret. I sigh with paternity.
A new zipper ship, when do I get mine? I josh as the male pre-teens with filled biceps of new fancy gadgets exit into the archway while Rann wrinkles his forehead, funny at me and presents a set of dead pan straight pin lips and.
I can purchase one this moment for you, Starra. Rann offers as I playfully slap his bicep.
Im joking with ya, Rann. I tease. I dont really desire a ship. I giggle while Rann bumps my body and cuddles into my face.
What do you desire, Starra? He intrigues then smirks with a set of crooked lips, right I sigh with true love.
We advance into the horticultural tent with pre-teen girls in hot pursue as I suddenly stop and eye burn dozens and dozens of beautiful and colorful flowers. I love flowers. I swoon with love desire and image our wedding with dozens of flowers everywhere. I sigh with marriage.
We stroll elegantly the down sweet smelling flower aisle. Do you like flowers? Rann asks.
I adore flowers. I remark and examine each potted plant, display, basket, vase, and box as the red sign warns: PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH. The pre-teen girls grin and giggle nosily behind us and rudely finger point at every beautiful flower arrangements.
I like this one. Tall girl voices in her alto oboe.
I like that one. Short girl timber in her alto clarinet.
Rann whispers into my left eardrum. Excuse me for a moment, Starra. He and I twist towards the girls as he addresses with a sweet smile. Ladies
Sire. They sing in unison then giggle musically.
Please enjoy any bouquet your desire for the evening with my compliments. Rann offers as they giggle with lips and wiggle with skulls then fling their arms and hands with excitement into Rann open arms while he commands. Place your selection with Abot. He nosily places many, many currs upon the flower counter next to the Agri robot.
Thank you for your purchase, Prince Rann. Abot concludes as girls quickly grab and fill their arms full of pretty flowers, green plants, and glittery trinkets then the swiftly exit the archway, giggling and dancing like kittens.
Finally. Rann huffs musically and wrap me like a Christmas bow inside his arms as I enjoy the heat and smell of his body.
Finally. I repeat and giggle.
Your turn? Rann eye burns me and remarks.
My turn? I puzzle.
Whats your favorite flower? Rann asks.
Roses. I love the smell and beauty of the flowers then Rann purchases thirteen baskets of pink shaded roses for me. I sigh with true love.
We stroll down the third street of windy rides. Should we take a ride? Rann inquires and winks his eyelid, left at me and bob my curls up and down like a farm pony.
Yeah! I encourage and smile as Rann snaps his two fingers for the two Sbots to steady the wobbling boat then he holds my left hand and guides me into the water boat since hes a true gentleman. I sit on the left side while he sits on the left side with me as I giggle then Rann wraps his left arm around my both my shoulders. Ride violently jerks as I slightly tilt forward from the padded bench then Rann catches me with both his arms. I giggle and he smiles. I sigh with true love.
We slo mo disappear along with slow boat into the darken tunnel of love when the first love display shows a flying cupid that aims his bow and shoots the arrow, launching it high into air. The arrow lands on the top deck of our boat as I jump, kitten-like. Too close. I scare while my heart hammers heavy inside my chest cavity.
Too close. He purrs into my left eardrum, shifting his body closer to me, and sweet breathes on my left cheekbone then tenderly kisses my heated skin when the second love displays a robot boy and a robot girl sitting upon the cloth blanket in the manicured green grass, eating two ice cream cones and holding their hands.
Boy I dump and delight with a smile at him.
Girl He dumps and delights with a smile at me when the third love scene is a married robot couple pushing a pink baby stroller through the woodlands of the green grassy park.
Baby We both sing in flute and trombone music harmonically as I swiftly turn strawberry embarrassing red then Rann slowly plants his soft lips into mine. I sigh with true love.
We ride in the carriage towards the bright sunny exit as hundreds of wrapped candy pieces and chocolate drops bombard our skulls then we emerge into the sun light with blinding eyeballs as I open my eyelashes blinking once, twice then thrice and eye focus on Rann. His hair sprinkles prettily with bits of tiny colored confetti and his smile frames lovingly wide with a silly grin along with his handsome face gleams with delight, happiness, and mischief. His eyeballs dance and twinkle passionately at me. I dont need Telepathy to read his mental thoughts since I think the same mental idea as he tenderly kisses my pink painted lips. I sigh with true love.
He pulls back his face slo mo from my lips and examines me in the dusk sunset, commenting. I dont think I got that right.
I smirk with a set of crooked lips, right and bob my curls up and down several times and comment. I believe that we should try thatall over again until we get it right. I giggle.
He reacts with a smile. Lets try that again. Rann snaps his two finger pads as two Sbots hold the wobbling water boat then he slides out onto the platform and extends his right hand for me to slide into his warm biceps then we walk like one citizen towards a new boat carriage to travel into the darken Tunnel of Love for a second time. I sigh with true love.
The Gbot made us abandon our giggling time at the Tunnel of Love exhibition after our sixteenth boat ride as we have finished ditching fun into the Fun House pathing our way around the vendor merchandise booths where Rann has purchased like a Pharaoh of Egypt tons of real jewelry for me as I wear a gem ring on every finger but thumba thumb isnt a finger, yallits the short thick digit of the hand next to the index finger and opposable to each of the other four digits as I giggle with silliness. Two diamond bracelets roll on every wrist and anklethats the number four, yall and two diamond earrings fall from each earlobes. I have four diamond necklaces that dance at varying lengths around my throat down to my belly button and a half-moon shaped tiara towers over my forehead with a big hard diamond hair-bow that pulls on my pony tail making me an elegant princess image. Im a diamond encrusted sight to behold as I giggle with total delight. I sigh with true love.
Night ends. Carnival closes. I studiously observe as many Sbots shove the many more citizens towards the big set of double concrete gates as Rann closetly hugs my body between his warm biceps as we slowly stroll towards his air limo with the four Gbots guarding the rear bumper and the front grill metal while I ramble cute-like. Time flies with fun and games. I giggle.
Rann subject changes into my left eardrum. How about I join you tomorrow at the auditorium, Starra? He smiles and suggests. I can assist you with your testing duties for new Tele candidates. We can have breakfast together before your work assignmentcompliments of Ty, of course. He chuckles like a silly clown since his buddy Ty owns the Farm World but Rann has long term connections since he was original married to Baronetess Ivy before her death in the second time line and he enjoys ordering a kingly feast for his friends to fill a queenly banquet room. We enter the limo, driving me home for the evening. I sigh with true love.
As we exit the limo, Rann gentlemanly escorts me to the front porch while we kiss each other lips and the Gbots carry all my new presents into the house then the night ends as I faithfully watch Rann enter the air limo and he slowly flies down the yellow cobblestone street away from me out of total eyesight as I silently inhale and nosily exhale. Then, I swing my bee_hind and priss into empty Living Room with only one broken soft and studiously stare at my gifts of love from my man Rann. The rose vases and candy boxes climb horizontal against the foyer wall from the doorway to the window and around the corner along with the colorful dolls, stuff animals that line in a vertical column up the staircase like a fairy tale land as I giggle with a girly twang that Rann had instructed the robots to do this special presentation of beauty for my lovely gifts and baskets of fruits and vegetables grow against west wall. I sigh with true love.
Day 111. auditorium. worker Starra. guest, Rann. partly cloudy sky. 84F. afternoon. Hey, Ty! Rann greets with a way too friendly gesture towards the archway waving both his hands in the air like a wild animal as I stand from my chair pursing my lips, tightly with unprofessionalism at my work environment while I scoot my body into Ranns biceps so he quits acting like a Resort monkey as he cuddles me then giggles in my left eardrum. Ty approaches our shared table as Rann invites with a goofy smile. Join our party, buddy. Are ya interested in becoming one of Dirks turds? I quickly stomp my boot heel into Ranns left foot as he giggles like a girl at me, pulling me tightly into his biceps and.
I correct. TeleRann. The word is Telenot Rann slaps a light kiss on my left heated cheekbone, breaking my total concentration as I silent and smile while Ty grins and giggles at us love birdies and.
Ty cautiously slices his eyeballs left then right, shifting from the doors to the table then greets. Hi, Rann, Im more interested in becoming a Telenot He words silly then smiles with a goofy smile as Rann grins and giggles like a turkey while I professional motion with my index finger at the electric.nawtest chair which is on the opposite side of our table. Then, I select a random card from my five-card deck, holding the item upright in the air waves and.
I command. Whats on this card? Rann stands behind me, holding secretively his four finger pads in air then sniggers and smiles and.
Ty snickers like a sly weasel and calls with a loud tenor. FOUR. I twist my lips, funny and screw my eyebrows, ugly and ponder his correct answer. Then, I flash back mentally in the second time line when Ty tested and possessed the T-powers of Telemetabolics and Telekinesis, not Telepathy. I flash present mentally see the annoying kiddie behavior along with hearing obnoxiously laughter from both Rann and his best buddy Ty.
Ty fails. Rann confesses then laughs with a manly tone and fist-bumps his hand to Tys.
I cheated ya. Rann gave me the number, Starra. Ty wiggles his four finger pads in the air like a silly teenager while I ignore the little boy kiddie behavior while desiring to badly punish the kiddie criminals instead I land flat on its back the stuffed girly dolly on the table surface, cutting it right fake leg with my dagger. The red ketchup flows from my evil pretend wound while Ty gingerly lays his right open palm on the dummy, counting in my head.1 second.2 seconds3 seconds then Ty lifts his palm as the dummys stuffing looks like soft yellow vanilla pudding but the dolly is healed and.
I celebrate. Congratulations, youre a healer. Ty bounces his skull and biceps in the air like boxing prize fighter as Rann steers around the table and the silly boys bout one or two fists like a bunch of girls then I nosily clear my throat for the next Tele test since I dont want Rann suspecting that I possess more than one Tele talent. Normally, I T-scan with all my T-powers and determine the single Tele talent.
Rann takes fully charge. Last test, buddy? He rudely finger points at still balls saluting inside their stands on the other table besides us and orders. Raise the balls. The white balls including the ones with my personal Dirk art work bounce against the floor. TING! TING! Then, the balls lift from the tile and soar up high like a beautifully Agri eagle towards the ceiling and nosily crash into dirty glass windows then swiftly drop like a hard rock in gravity down to the floor as I scoot the chair upon my bee_hind with the pure satisfaction of victory in finding onenawtwo other Teles that exist in this fifth time and.
I sum. Ty moved all the objects. They hit the ceiling and bounced across the room. I giggle while Ty watches his balls bounce up and down with gravity on the hard floor, smiling and finger pointing and.
I did that. Ty inquire.
A born mover! I softly word since I know the answer to the pop quiz and giggle with a girly twang as I record the data in the mini-bot for Dirk while Rann playfully slaps Tys left bicep since Ty still wears the tradition dress of Planet Sahara being the sexy sleeveless and shirtless open vest with matching trousers in the colors of Hunter green which is the theme color of Agri Farm World.
Rann expresses and smiles. Congratulations, buddy! Welcome to the Turd club!
I dump. TeleRann I shake my curls side to side as I eyeball the secretly hidden Throne Room under the stage platform just in case Dirk is there spying on menawus while Rann uses a T-flair of his Telekinesis, waving his right hand, pulling a second chair from the corner of the empty auditorium to empty table and.
Rann holds the chair and smiles. Have a seat, buddy?
Got my own. Ty smoothly performs the Telekinesis Tele-circus trick loading two additional empty tables in the growing horizontal row along with three chairs to each table while Rann T-flairs with his Telekinesis and pulls three more tables and chairs just for show as I giggle at the fools. I sigh with fool time.
Ty quietly sits in the chair on the three table juggling the white balls in the air with both his finger pads while experimenting with his newly re-discovered T-power of Telekinesis dropping them into the matching ball stands as I scribble all the days Tele results in the mini-bot for Dirks stupid end of the day report then the chair mice squeaks to my left.
I bet I can make my balls go higher than yours, Rann. Ty challenges and chuckles to Rann as Rann shakes his skull side to side and.
Rann accepts. I bet you cant. All loose balls explode swiftly like tiny UFOs up into the empty air then hovers mid-air for their entertainment.
I can make her balls float and mine. Ty dictates.
You cannot. Rann challenges.
Watch! I can make your balls, her balls, and mine balls float together higher, faster, and swifter than before. Ty details then chuckles as he T-zaps with his Telekinesis all the grounded and flying balls then the round objects shoot up five more feet as a group of white Agri gnats. Rann T-flairs with his Telekinesis, waving his right hand and direct flies the balls from Tys air space as I giggle at the stolen items. I sigh with amusement.
You took his balls. Could you control them? I inquire with my kitty-cat curiosity.
Sure thing, sweetheart! Rann swiftly replies, winking his eyelid, left at me as I stand, scoot the chair against the wall and walk into the middle of the auditorium for a better view as the balls float like magic towards the ceiling then Ty T-zaps his Telekinesis, opening more boxes of wrapped balls and elevates the additional balls into the air, soaring the white swarm towards the ceiling for his amusement.
Do it again? Rann laughs.
Alright! Ty accepts as balls ricochet off the ceiling, the walls, and then fly back and forth in the air current while they act like little kids, pitching and tossing the toys back and forth across the room. Rann moves his chair and table against the east wall with his Telekinesis and Ty moves his body, chair, and table against the west wall while I soldierly stand in the middle of the floor, refereeing the fast action game. I sigh with fun.
Point. I motion my right hand at Ty as the balls whack the wall while some of the plastic components bust and pieces land on the tiles then lands the rounded one on the tile in front of his table and I finger point at Ty for a second score. Point. I update with a snigger. Tys leads the game 25 to 22. Rann hisses like a snake, striking the group of balls against Ty, missing completely as I giggle and rudely finger point at Ty for a third score. Point. I motion my left hand at Rann and encourage. Come on, old man.
What did she call me? Rann eye burns Ty and yells with his baritone trombone across the floor.
I believe Starra used the term ancient. Ty laughs as his balls shift in a strange pattern while I feel rapid air waves with a heavy and intense movement, threatening me as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
The group of white hard gnats fly direct into my face as I T-shield with Telekinesis for the anticipated ball smack of playful attack, placing both my arms over my freckles for a visual effect of girly weakness then I suddenly stop with a T-hold with Telekinesis the flood of balls in mid-air using my mighty and secret T-power of Telekinesis as I giggle with delight. Since each other Tele thinks that he saved me from the barrage of flying balls. This is so much more fun than breaking Dirks nose in the fourth time line during my flash back moment. I sigh with entertainment.
STARRA! Dirk shouts like a T-rex attacking a dino eggshell as white balls drop to the floor bouncing and dancing in an array of prettily different directions like a team of fat ballerinas. CRASH! CRASH! CRASH!
WHAT? I smart-hole, eye burning him.
Whats going on here, Starra? Dirk travels from the stage platform and eye burns laughing Rann, howling Ty, and the assortment of bouncing balls as I giggle.
Were on break, boss oris it bossy? I punt and grin with a toothy smile while Dirk looks directly at Rann and Ty and.
Dismissed! Dirk orders then both Ty and Rann soldierly stands, kicking their chairs with booted feet as the seats loudly sail into the rear wall while Rann swings his body and face to Dirk.
Rann quickly advances quickly to me, pulling me close into his biceps and whispers like delicate butterflys wings into my right eardrum. May I see you in private, please, Starra? Rann cuddles me, staring his invisible but harmless pretend heated fire balls at Dirk.
STARRA! Dirk names.
Nowaint at good time, Rann. I word softly.
Meet me at the front gates of the Carnival. Rann confirms, stroking gently my right forearm while eye burning Dirk then he twirls me toward his face and protects so gentlemanly as he words really loudly for Dirks eardrums. If you need me, please comfone me. Dirk swings his body about face, entering the secret hiddy hole as I steady watch Rann and Ty exit through the archway, waving my right hand and greeting friendly. Good bye, Rann. I smile and silly as I sing in a lovely soft soprano.like my s sounds.I slowly trot the underground stage door, slam open the door, and standing princessly in the archway with my arms akimbo. WHAT? I smart-hole. Dirks lounges the oversized throne chair, sipping on Fiss colored purples since I like the beverage and sniff the grapes and sugar and long for me.
Youre not doing the job Im paying your high priced currs for, Starra. Dirk guesses with the correct answer.
What? I smart-hole and smile, padding to the empty chair opposite him and sitting on the edge since I have a date with Rann and my work is all done. I sigh with fun.
Where are the Teles? Dirk asks, softly.
I givetell me. I attack.
Very well, Im telling younot to entertain Rann. Dirk observes then comments. I might have to set new work hours for you
Id like to see you try, Dirk. I stand swiftly to left the room and Dirk in my new piccolo soprano.
Dont threatened me, Starra? Remember our.deal! Dirk reminds as I nod my curls, once in silence then swing my body towards the archway and padding like a horse race out the Throne Room thinking that the real Devil is much nicer. I sigh with evilness.
Day 112. auditorium. worker Starra. guests Rann and Ty. sunny sky. 66F. morning. The boys quietly sit in their assigned seatsnawtheir purple designer furniture as I blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice and rudely finger point at both the oversized purple chairs and inquire with my kitty-cat curiosity. Where did this come from?
What? Rann smart-holes than sniggers like a sly weasel along with smiling Ty as I kick the snort of out of the purple fabric with my right pink sandal and.
I clarify. This?
Dirks office. Rann slicks.
SpecificallyDirks Throne Room. Ty kicks in and snickering along with smiling Rann as I drop my mouth like a hunger shark and.
I accuse. You didnt. I park both my folded fists upon the tied pink satin bow of my waistband of my new dress since I got currs to purchase my clothes as I slam my black eyelashes upright.
I didnt. Rann finger points at Ty.
He didnt. Ty finger points at Rann.
TY? I yell at the thief.
Our work stations need some more graphic flair. Ty chuckles and comments at me.
Flair! I repeat with puzzlement.
Flair! I like that cool term, buddy. Rann compliments and chuckles at Ty.
You boys are going to get me fired. I rumble in my new bass flute music and shake my curls sideways and eye burn the floor while I walk to my work station for work so I can have more currs to buy prettily pink dresses.
Really? Rann reacts with happiness, smiling.
Thats good, isnt it? Ty smiles and eye burns Rann then winks his eyelid, left as I sit quietly, scooting my chair into the table then eye burn Rann and.
I detail. .and hung from the gallows.
Really? Rann reacts with sadness, pouting his lips at Ty.
Thats not good, is it? Ty eye burns Rann then he copies Ranns mouth movements and pouts his lips, sadly.
STANG! I curse at them trouble-maker boys looking for the mini-bot as Rann shakes his skull side and side and.
Rann reprimands. Dont use that word, Starra? I ignore his statement and.
I react. Right, buddy! Double stang! I double curse and scoot the chair away from the table searching the flooring for my missing mini-bot for filing the end of the day report to Dirk.
Hello! Piccolo music sings from the open archway as my Tele senses ping. Everything is fine.
Ty jumps, T-rex from his three-nested table, knocking all his balls and the stands onto the floor as he gallops like a stallion to his mistress and greets very friendly with a big smile. Hello! Come in! He meets her at archway, walking her slowly into the room as I surprisingly observe the love bird couple then neck snap my face to Rann. He smiles, leaning his body deeply into the oversized lounge chair.
Whats up? I connect, link, and Tele to Rann since Tys blessed only with Telekinesis, not reading our mentally conversations.
Young love! Rann connects, links, and Teles to me.
I stand, scooting the chair out of my way and trot to Rann and Ranns chair then lean into his face and sweet breathe. What in the universe are we? Rann grabs my arm, pulling me into his lap as I twirl around and sit between his legs and biceps and.
He kisses my left cheekbone then words gently. Old love
Im not old. I bite back and frown with an ugly face.
Our loveis older than time, Starra. Were soul mates. Rann smiles as I accept that old love concept while I cuddle like a baby into Ranns chest and giggle as Joy regally sits in the empty chair next to Ty as they whisper and giggle like High School kids.
What are we going to do for the rest of the day, Starra? Rann whispers into left eardrum then kisses my left cheekbone as I try to forget my other purpose in live thats not planning a wedding. I sigh with frustration.
Work! I word while enjoy the purring and cooing of his love in my eardrum and cheekbone.
I have a novice idea. We can go to the Carnival. It opens in thirty minutes. Rann suggests then works his lips down my cheekbone to my left jaw line as I resist with purpose. I sigh with frustration.
No! I have Tele tests to conduct. I word.
Turd tests on whom? Rann pulls back his face, wrinkling his forehead, ugly at me.
Rita. I name as I T-flair with Telekinesis the un-opened bottle of my favorite sweet refreshing beverage of red Fiss.
Testing Rita for whathair, and makeup tips? Rann insults then snarls like a captured alligator while showing his great dislike of Rita to every citizen in this new time then he subject changes then catches the floating Fizz bottle with his left hand away from arm span and inquires with his tomcat curiosity. Drinking Fiss, again?
Dont mock me. I subject change, trying to pull the bottle from his T-hold with great difficulty.
Mock you? Rann questions.
Dirk does not trust me as it is. I remind.
Does not trust you? Dirk almost loiters over you, Starra. Rann updates. And, I have mentioned before the high sugar content in this beverage I kick my flying sandals into the air waves since I lay like a kitten inside Ranns lap and.
I inject with angry. Whats in your water fountain? No, he does not.
Hey, wheres everyone. Hello! Im here! Rita yells from the lobby of the auditorium as Ty neck snaps his skull to Ritas loud voice then soldierly stands and assist Joy upright and wrapping her between his biceps as they exit like escaping mice from the hungry kitty-cat since Ty doesnt like Rita, either.
Be nice! I princessly order in Ranns face then scoot from his lap, straightening my new dress and moving to Rita as she tromps like a race horse from the archway.
King Dirk asked me to participate in your little experiment, Major Starra. She grins, greets and giggles like a silly noblette as Rann growls like a grizzle bear behind my curls and.
Rann questions. He did. I punch my left pointy elbow into his rib cage since he closets me with both love and protection.
I comment with a sweet smile and friendly flute music at Rita. Yes, he did. I flash back mentally in the second time line when Rita possessed the T-power of Telemetabolics which is the healing touch. I flash present mentally that Im not going to waste her time or my time with the other silly Tele-trials as I proceed with the direct examination. This test is called Telemetabolics or the healing touch.
Rann painfully tugs on left arm and commands over my curls while my left eardrum catches the soft words. May I speak with you in private, Major Starra? He and I back step like dancers into my work table as I swing my face around and view him while Rann orders. I will test the turd.
Im the tester. Youre the watcher. I retort.
Why are you testing her with Telemetabolics, first? I want you to try the other assessments. He warns and worries with a serious tone.
She has a healing touch. I tattle.
How do you know this, Starra? Rann questions me, wrinkling his forehead ugly since I know the answer and he doesnt and lay both my open palms on his naked chest and.
I promise to you, Rann once shes tested. Well go to the Carnival. I negotiate with Rann, recalling swiftly thats where Ty and Joy disappeared too and comment. Tys not going to be useful todayanyways.
I dont know. He hesitates, lifting his skull from my face and eye burning wicked Rita.
I do know. I shove Rann away from me and annoy with him and his over protectiveness thinking our future upcoming marriage betta not belike this as I swing my body around and snort like a wild boar while Dirk pressures me to find more talented Teles. Rita is a minor Tele but her outstanding valid Tele-performance will prove that I know what Im doing. Then, I can spend more time in Ranns playground rather than calm Dirks wrath. I sigh with proof.
I walk to Rita, pulling my dagger from the hidden pocket inside my dress, displaying it inside my open palm and order. Cut me. Rita smirks with a set of crooked lips, right then swiftly grabs the dagger uprights her left folded fist and deeply stabs the sharp point into my left collar bone, dragging the knife down my left arm to the edge of my left elbow. I sigh with death.
Rita calls.  Like that, Starra.
Stang! I yell, grabbing my bleeding limb, shivering in the death of coldness then the fear of hotness while avoiding the total darkness of pain. I sigh with hurtin.
Dirk didnt say to kill her, Rita. Rann shouts, shoving violently Rita away from me as my red blood swiftly gushes and covers the clean floor. I sigh with doom.
Sorry, I got little carried away. Rita grins and grins with a toothy smile as Rann painfully jerks the embedded dagger from the bone of my left forearm. 
Stang! I cry and fall on both my kneecaps as Rann cradles me with his biceps.
Rann orders. You need a Bbot.
Heal me. I meekly order like a soft piano note, closing my eyelashes and swallow the shallow air before passing out totally from pain.
Heal her! Rann commands at Rita.
Okay. Rita words, standing upright like queen with both her arms and hands formed into a V pattern raising them towards the ceiling like she really knows whats she doing and closes her eyelashes, humming to a musical song and worshipping the Sun Goddess of dummies.
Heal her. Rann demands, cuddling me as I close and open my eyelashes trying to stay conscious for Ritas outstanding Tele-performance.
Im getting into my trance. Rita explains as my red blood stains my pink dress then runs down my left leg and slams into the clean flooring as I feel both lightly dizzy and heavy nausea.
Now, Rita. Rann dictates. Heal her!
Rita stops humming then words. Im gettingsomething. Rita lays both her hands on my collar bone.
Heal Starra! Rann growls like a wounded animal.
I got it. She giggles while my red blood vein concatenates then my tanned skin ripples into a partial closed injury over the bleeding wound from my collar bone to my elbow.
Rann judges. You passed, Rita. You have the Tele power of Telemetabolics. Good back and tell yourKing. He growls like a dying dog and Rita stands and smiles like a noblette and.
If you insist, Rann? Rita words in a soft alto then swings her body and her long dress bouncing towards the archway.
Starra, Im taking you to the medical wing. Rann lifts and cuddles me into his chest, following Rita out door.
Good! Cause I think Im bleeding. I whisper then faint into darkness.
Day 114. auditorium. worker Starra. guest Rann. sunny skies. 71F. morning. Youre very early for work, Rann. I observe the man I plan to marry in this time as I prance like a pony around in my new short pink dress along the empty auditorium on the hard flooring since Rann wasnt allowed to visit me inside Dirks castle in the Medical Wing as dictated by the Royal turd as I nosily sip on my new bottle of blueberry Fiss.
Yes, I am. Rann smiles with a toothy smile, relaxing with both his leather knee-high boots upon my empty work desk and leaning his body deeply into his purple throne chair.
Waiting for me I guess and stand in front of my empty work table, pondering how to take the object from Rann while remembering I cant find my mini-bot and Im late with my daily end of the day reports as observed by the Royal turd as I nosily sip on Fiss.
Yes, I am. Rann smiles and snigger at me without moving his fine body from the chair.
Wheres Ty? I subject change, rotating my neck muscles to Tys empty work table.
How are you feeling? He asks.
Great! I feel great! I answer then nosily sip on Fiss.
Good! Im very worried about you and He concerns.
Wheres Ty? I subject change.
Vacation, sick, leave of absence, schoolor hospital? He lists.
What? I smart-hole as I swing my face at Rann.
Which word fits best? He questions.
You forget a noun. I add and smile, sitting in the empty chair where my work table used to be housed since Rann will not release my work table from his resting boot toes while sipping on my Fiss.
A noun is a person, place or thing. Rann defines.
The person, who is a nounis named Joy. I define and giggle with a girly twang then nosily sip on the extra large bottle of blueberry Fiss.
So, I did forget the VIP noun. Rann chuckles like a silly clown then slides the work table from his booted feet and soldierly stands, dropping my missing mini-bot into the purple chair as I stare at the mini-bot while he slowly approaches me, smiling. Are you open to new ideas, Starra?
Yes, I am. I repeat his catch phase, staring at the mini-bot with the need to finish my delayed reports then nosily sip Fiss.
Skip? He words and chuckles, moving closer to me.
Skip what? I puzzle, staring at the mini-bot.
Skip work? Rann intros and stands in front of my chair as I upright and shake both my curls and my free hand side to side and.
I disagree. Skip work? Oh, no! No way! I cant. Rann catches my free hand, pulling the bottle of Fiss out of my other hand, floating it to the work table then leans deeply into my face and.
Rann words. You can.
I cannot. I debate, tugging both my hands from Ranns gripe unsuccessfully.
I dont see any citizens waiting for Tele-testing. He explains, shifting his biceps around my body and quickly pulls me into naked chest and clarifies. No lines! No citizens! No work, Starra! He sweet breathes onto my right cheekbone then tenderly kisses as I desire to skip work and go and play for fun but theres my deal with the Devil. I sigh with toil.
You make a very good point. There are no lines of candidates for tests. Therefore, youre relieved of your duties, today. Go and play, Rann! I decide. I sigh with jealousy.
Go and play with you, Starra. Rann insists, pulling back his body from my face, walking his boots backward slowly and dragging me towards the archway that leads out the auditorium.
Go and play without me, Rann. I command, resisting weakly his tender physical touch that covers my entire upper torso as he grins and giggles in my face and purse my lips, tightly.
You come with me. He tenderly cuddles me closer into his chest and walks backwards towards the archway. I sigh with true love.
You come without me. I talk with a stupid set of words in confusion.
Please come with me Rann leans my lips down into my face then swivels his lips to the right and whispers into my right eardrum then tenderly nibbles on my right earlobe as I breathe with a heavy sigh.
Please comecant me. I talk with more silly words, shaking my curls sideways with my jumbled thoughts.
I will. He whispers like delicate butterflys wings into my right eardrum and firmly squeezes both his steel biceps around my shaky body as I become hotter feeling his body heat inside our closeness as we back walk towards the archway.
I, dump.
I will. He pulls back his face from my lips and smile then leans into my right eardrum and whispers. I will. He gently kisses my lips.
I, stumble.
I will. Repeat after me. He whispers then tenderly kisses my lips.
I will. I repeat softly as Rann uprights his skull then firmly kisses my pink-painted lips and.
Rann compliments with a big smile. You obey very well. He chuckles as we back walk towards the archway.
I will. I repeat for a second. I sigh with second time.
I cant seem to resist Rann since I only think of Rann because I love Rann as he swings our bodies as one and folds me securely into his steel biceps around both my shoulders, walking out the archway into the sunlight directly at the air limo. He whispers into my left eardrum. Im so glad you decided to come with me, Starra.
I will. I say for some stupid reason then correct. I meanme, too! Rann chuckles as we slide into the cool leather seats while Gbot slams the door.
Royal Carnival. Dirks birthday celebration is a big hit with the citizens as their currs pour into his food and merchandise vendor stalls consisting of Dirks Game Tables, Dirks Fun Contests and Dirks empty pocketbook. I sigh with Dirk.
Ty and Joy wait patiently for us since they slobber over each others face in front of the Admission Gate, purchasing the expensive Carnival tickets as we venture down the Contest Avenue when Ty and Joy quickly disappear in the opposite direction as I snigger like a sly weasel at the young couple. I sigh with true love.
Weight Lifting Contest.  The galaxy competitors lift lots of different heavy objects such as zipper engines, concrete blocks, steel bars, piles of clay brick, numerous small kids, and giggling teen girls in their chairs as I laugh with a girly tone at the fun event.
Youre next. The Master of Ceremonies motions his right hand at me as I shake my curls side to side.
No! I reply.
Youre next. The Master of Ceremonies finger points at me as Rann shoves me closer to the weight lifting platform.
Ill lift you. Rann remarks in my right eardrum.
No, this is embarrassing. I add.
Its fun. Rann chuckles and comments, guiding me towards the platform as I stand my ground.
Fun for you, not me. I comment.
Im strong. Rann talks in big boy language, hiking his naked biceps into air as the gather young females coo like silly doves behind me then I neck snap my face at young thinglings, wrinkling my forehead, ugly and swiftly pull Ranns naked biceps down from his showcase moment.
I comment. I believe you.
Rann uprights his naked biceps for a second show while he grins and giggles as the young thinglings coo for another round of birdie song behind him. Rann remarks in my face. Im very strong. Then, he grabs my right hand and tosses me into the empty chair, tying the satin belt around my waist as he repeats into my right eardrum. Im very, very strong. Rann bends at kneecaps and grabs the bottom metal ream of my chair with both his taunt biceps then strains visually for fun and grunts like a dying dog for show and slowly lifts light weight me for place just like a show stallion  as I wiggle my free legs for annoyance and giggle with a girly twang. 
Are you lifting me, Rann? I tease as he T-flairs with his Telekinesis and holds in the air for 1 second.2 seconds3 seconds.4 secondswhile the females coos and males cheer then he visually strains his biceps, grunting like a dead dog and finally drops me to the dirt then unties the satin and bents his face, kissing my lips as I giggle with love. I sigh with true love.
A trophy and some currs for Prince Rann. The Master of Ceremonies presents as both citizens clap and cheer then Rann cradles the prizes and me, exiting the platform.
I whisper into his left eardrum. Forgive me.
I might. Rann poses as we walk and he bows and nods at the admiring citizens while smiling.
Forgive me, please. I beg.
For a price. He boasts.
Youre a tough negotiator. I express, lifting my right hand into his face and giggling.
Im a prince. He smirks then kisses my right hand.
Forgive me, now. I plead.
Forever and always. Rann suddenly stops, turning to face me and closetly hugs me between his biceps and presses his soft lips to mine. I sigh with true love.
Arena contest. I straddle upright between Ranns biceps and legs as we stand next to the guard railing over looking the deep player arena while he rudely finger points at the current active event, whispering into my right eardrum as I sip on fruit juice purchased by Rann, not my favorite bottle of Fiss. I sigh with dullness.
Ty demonstrates his new found T-power of Telekinesis for the show. He woos the crowd. Rann compliments, bragging for his buddy.
More like kiddie tricks, hes performing much similar to a circus animal in a circus arena. I whine like I stepped my new right pink sandal in a fresh pile of dog shit but I didnt since Rann carries around the nasty puddles inside the dirt grounds. I sigh with disgust.
Feats of magicin the eyeballs of the citizens. Rann explains. 
Whys he doing this? I ask.
Dirk told him. Rann shares.
Dirk, everythingis Dirk. How did Dirk get control of the universe? I complain.
Hes the king. Rann reminds.
Hes controlling, Rann. I suggest.
He controls you, Starra. He hints.
I shoutway too loud towards the open space. I do not fear, Dirk. Rann rotates his neck muscles around the closest arena seats.
He whispers softly in my right eardrum. I do not either but I dont shout it to the Wall. Someone might over hear ya. I watch and stare at the contestants pitch their spears into the air while the Sbots measure the farthest horizontal distance as each winner is announced over the comlen, receiving a single medal and a bag of currs while the citizens clap, hoot, and whistle with enjoyment.
I frustrate inside Ranns biceps, staring at the boring event. I dont understand why Im finding so little Tele-talent among the willing citizens. There seems to be only a handful of selected folks. I dont understand.
Rann whispers into my eardrum. Folks!?
A Bonita term I cover.
Bonita term!? Rann questions.
Yeah, Im Bonitian. I lie honestly.
You are? Rann hasnt heard that lie.
Yeah, I am. I lie for a second time.
Rann subject changes. Hows anyone supposed to understand a Tele-ability? It is a very strange and odd phenomenon, Starra.
You possess the gift. I express.
Like I statedbefore my discovered Tele-gift is both a very strange and odd phenomenon.
Naw.
Naw!? Rann sings in his sexy baritone trombone while sounds nice then he chuckles.
Another Bonita term.
I must update my terms for a Bonita princess. Rann thinks hes funny.
I subject change. A Tele-gift is quite naturallike the nature woodlandslike the universewhich is part of the universewhich is part of us.
You make it sound like all of us should be Teles, Starra. Rann picks up my subtle clue.
Maybe. I stutter softly. I flash back mentally in the first time line when the red Book stated that every citizen is affected by the Sickness then becomes a Tele. However, dead and buried Lady Rosa and King Rex had been blocking the active minds of four years old youngsters on Planet Un the universal schoolforever.
His comfone dinks with a sound loudly as Rann looks at the visual message and voices in his baritone trombone over my curls. Ill be there shortly. I swing my face, looking at his worried face.
Bad news? I ask.
I have an emergency. Rann scoots his boot toes from my body then flips his serious face into a smiley face then back to a serious face as he gently kisses my lips and offers. Ill be brief.
Im fine. Please take care of the matter. Ill wait right here for you to return. I explain as Rann  pivots to the left, jogging rapidly towards the Water Ride as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
I use my Telepathy, scanning the land, the citizens and the skyline while feeling slightly different and totally wrong when my Tele senses ping. A presence.
Ty is lifting the heavier object. Hes truly talented, Starra. Dirks tenor burns his voice into both my eardrums while his heavy stinky stench burns the lining of both my nose holes as he surprises me and moves from the rear table wrestles his robes and stands beside me at the arena guard railing watching with his keen interest both old Tele Ty and the newest Tele Nat while they magical performance their circus act as dictated by their king. He doesnt view me, talking. Having a good time, Starra?
How about you? I question his question, staring at Ty and Nat.
A little dull but its about to getting moreexcitedly entertaining. Dirk words, studying Ty and Nat.
You must have planned somethingsupernaturally special. I talk and stare at Ty and Nat, cursing under my breath for the upcoming danger and it betta not involve Rann.
You can read my mind, Starra. Im impressed. I only thought you possessed the Tele-gift of Telemetabolics. Dirk words, studying Ty and Nat.
I multi-talent in more ways than you know and will ever find out about. I confess.
Dirk words. Enjoy your day, Starra. He slowly pivots his tallness towards the roller coaster ride.
See ya! I word last then snarl like a captured alligator as Dirk swings his body and face towards me.againwhich I see in my peripheral vision and.
Dirk inquires with his tomcat curiosity. By the way, wheres Rann? You two are usually arm and arm together, I have noted. He smiles with a wicked grin.
Hes delayed. I word last.again, staring at Ty and Nat.
I hopethere isnt an emergency or something serious, Starra. He grins and giggles like a little girl. I sigh with fury.
I T-probe with Telepathy his open sick mental mind. Dark. Cold. Evil. 
Work tomorrow, Starra. Dirk reminds, pivoting towards the Roller Coaster Rideragain and leaves my gray eye sight as I T-glance with Teleclairvoyance, closing an image around Rann in far, far distance and see his black hair from the rear of his head and both his arms waving back and forth so, Rann is fine. I sigh with relief.
I T-view with Teleclairvoyance seeing a dead guy then zooming onto the face as the body lies in spread-eagle formation upon the red dirt with blonde hair and open dead eyelids of Ty.
NO! I sing in piccolo music as I back step from the railing swishing my face side to side in panic like a thief searching for Dirk then I quickly gallop back to the safe guard railing overlooking the big dirt making up the arena and verifying with my eye view both Ty and Nat in center stage as they powerfully lift with their T-powers the heavy objects from the ground noting that Ty is alive. I sigh with mistake.
I flash back mentally in third time line when Ty died in Ranns arms from Dirks ordered assassination. In the fourth time line, Ty had missed all the fun with evil Dirk and eviler Rita.
Ty has died in a previous alien time line that has been created by me and I mentally think once the citizen dies and is gone from that time line, that citizen is gone, they never return. Ty is destined to die in the fifth time line since no one citizen continues to live. I sigh with death.
Save him! I cant. Can I? In theory, I can. I whisper, softly. Show me!
I T-see with Teleclairvoyance(future seeing)see the assassin as she locates on the roof top of the Game stadium which she math measures thousands upon thousands of feet from me.
I dash like a race-horse down the bleachers onto the soft grass, run like a deer into the open building the skip like a kangaroo up the concrete stairs to the roof top then exit and hop like a bunny to the patio and I deftly land on both pink sandals(aint easy)on the black top behind about ten feet of the busy assassin. I T-eye sight with Teleclairvoyance as she precisely aims her maser rifle at Tys skull.
Stang! I sing in soft piano without disturbing her concentrate since Tys going to die and Rannll be very sad while Joyll be very, very sad since Joy and Ty love each other and are getting married. Think.  Think fast. Think faster.
I T-view of Teleclairvoyance, searching swiftly inside the empty building, and see a full sealed colored paint can then open my eyeballs and see a long water hose on the roof tiles for dirt cleaning the space then I T-zap with Telekinesis, levitating the full six-inched paint can in the air and plow the heavy object into the rear of her skull. She slo mo hitslike in a Hollywood moviethe roof tile on the left side of her shoulder falling unconscious, not dead. I sigh with my little bit of mercy.
I T-flair with Telekinesis elevating the water hose into the air, and uncurling the winding pipe in a straight like a needle and levitate the assassin in mid-air then wrap the long hose three times around her upright body. She is both tied and secured still sleeping like a baby. I sigh with save.
Dirk uses his bad citizens to perform his bad deeds so I bet this woman is a bad lady as I T-pull with Telekinesis tripping the interior fire alarm inside the Penthouse Suite of the office building and T-view with Teleclairvoyance Rbots(repair robots)are responding to the emergency alarm along with fat Ira and his fitted Militia police, honor guards, and other nosy citizens as they stomp towards the structure with the starling sound and invade the empty building for being busybodies. I sigh with victory.
The assassin will be captured, detained, questioned, convicted, and sentenced to the Prison Planet by Dirk.(giggles).without using my T-powers as I snort like a wild boar then rush to the edge of the roof top, T-eye sight viewing an alive and breathing Ty. He is fine and Rann will be announcing their engagement and wedding on Jubilation Day next week. I sigh with happiness.
I soar like an Agri eagle into skyline with my arms out and my legs straight like needles as I T-jump with Telekinesis off the dang eighteen story building, dropping swiftly by the planets gravity and landing deftly on my two sandals(aint easy)on the soft green grass. I quickly bend at my kneecaps absorbing some of the fierce impact of my landing then slowly stand as I rotate my neck muscles around the green grass, brown bark trees and empty park only seeing the funny animal imprints of a pair of three-inched spiked heels with diamond shaped shoe soles as I giggle with a girly twang.
I musically tap my weird beats on three-inched spiked high heel and diamond shaped shoe soles back to our Dining table inside the Carnival in front of the arena as I mentally hope that Dirk had seem me and my awesome save and emotionally wish that Dirks mad as Agri hornet. I mentally stop hoping then grunt like a dying dog since I mentally know that Ill pay for this maneuver. I sigh with punishment. 
I see rushing Rann who smiles at me while sliding his body like a pro baseball player into the our bench seat playfully scoots into my right side. Im so sorry to detain you. He apologizes sweetly, hugging closetly my body and kisses tenderly my lips then surface presents duck lips, ugly and asks with his tomcat curiosity. Whats wrong, Starra?
Imissed you, Rann. I truth and smile as he hugs my body then stands upright, smiling and grabbing my right hand jerking up beside him.
Im back. Where to next, sweetheart? Rann asks.
You decide. I invite and smile fully with true love.
Ride the water boats. Rann rudely finger points at the new ride when havent tried as I nod my curls, once while we pad in that direction.
Sounds like fun. I happily add since the late hot afternoons weather temperature are hot on my face as my mind is hotter thinking of Rann so the water slide will feel good on my dry skin as I giggle with a girly twang.
I stare with doe eyeballs at the smooth steel tub thats squared-sided with only two seats in a vertical direction as I scoot my bee_hind into Ranns body parts as he giggles like girl and I chuckle then he wraps two his strong steel biceps around me for protection. The car violently jerks with a mechanical force as he quickly plows his body into my back muscles and I scream like a scared goat kid back to its Mama as the water ride slowly and painfully crawls like a almost dead earthworm up the steel rail mounted track at the tip of the metal hill with an eagle birds eye view of all the landscape changes on Planet Commerce.
At the top of track as me and the cart emerge first in the vertical line over the metal hilltop I see everything including every small ant-sized citizen walking around the Carnival grounds tot he tea leaf tiny-shaped plants with my T-view of Teleclairvoyancekinda likeviewing a funky random parade of tiny ants crawling over green and brown dirt inside their glass house since the water ride railings are tall and high as I stretch my arms in a V pattern almost touching the heavens. I see every citizen zigzag in bikes, cars, or boot feeted along the yellow cobblestone street like a slithering yellow snake towards its water hole. Breathtaking view! I feel Ranns arms tighten around my chest not for protection but for fun. I sigh with affection.
The metal latch nosily releases. THUMP! Then, the cart falls vertically like a zipper ship down the sloped path, zooming fast around at a right angle as my stomach stays behind then the cart magically shift upward then loops in a vertical circle as my eyeballs dizzy from fear and flight and I close my eyelashes and scream like a scared kid. Rann bangs his chest against my back then against the metal seat as he giggles like girl in my left eardrum when he slams into my body as I yell in piccolo music covering his silly sound. The cart swiftly dives like a seagull into a left angle bank then suddenly stops as I jerk forward then jolt my torso upright from the sudden impact of air molecules then the cart slowly tips to the right side and ascends the second metal hill and.
I close my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
The metal latch nosily unlocks. CLICK! I scream in piccolo song as my stomach quickly explodes into my throat muscles then I scream, scream, and scream as Ranns laughter ringing in my left eardrum while he presses his torso and biceps closer to me for safety then I rapidly breathe hard and swallow the gathered mouth salvia before I drool on my chin.
Fun, isnt it? He yells into my left eardrum during the smooth ride on a flat railing as I scream scary in piccolo music while the cart plummets straight into hell at a 45 degree angle and down the slanted geometric slope into a pool of crystal clear water while I scream, and, scream, and scream. SPLASH! The water quickly descends upward as the cart and me create a beautifully vertical waterfall into the heavens then it descends and covers our cart and our bodies. I scream and scream with wetness that includes my hair, my face, my dress and my shoes.
Im wet, cold, safe while I scream then the cart suddenly halt moving into the fixed space and I catch my shallow breath, feel my flipping stomach and slow my racing heart organ as Rann bug hugs my wet body.
I dont think I got that Rann words into my right eardrum.
Yes I puff then I inhale a single shallow breath. Yes I puff musically as Rann uprights and stands while lifting me like a little kid out of the strollernawthe cart then pulls into his naked but wet chest as we both are covered in cold water.
No, I dont think I got that Rann whispers into my face.
YES. I confirm in piccolo music and continue. We did. Im not ridingthat. I yell between my many deep breathes as I separate from his arms then stomp away from Rann, that cart, and that wet ride, dripping water on the deck and splashing droplets in Ranns face as he chuckles like a silly clown and chasing after me.
Rann calls. The ride is fun, Starra.
No! No! That, this, there, here, and me aint fun. I rudely thumb on my right folded fist at the metal hill, the metal loop, the water slide, and the pool of wet without looking at it then slam my right hand into my chest while Rann wraps his right around my body for annoyance.
The movement is similar to your zipper rotation in outer space. You perform that space maneuver flawlessly, Starra. Rann whacks at me and laughs with a manly tone.
No! No! Diff. Right! This is wrong. I analyze, shaking my hair and dress of wetness from me.
Alright, whats next? He laughs, getting me more wet as he walks closer to me from his body and his clothes.
A bath. I sing in flute music, sneering like a junk yard dog as Rann rudely finger points at food booth.
Rann suggests, smiling. How about a bite of food in the picnic area? We can dry out in the sinking sun. I nod my curls, once in silence as he faithfully jogs to the vendor acquiring hot items for my cold body and we ate.
Lake. We have to hurry the fireworks show is about to commence. Rann rushes his pace, tugging at my right hand as I jog faster on my shorter legs to catch him.
Where are we going? I ask with my kitty-cat curiosity while my eyeballs glance at the many, many more booths we havent attacked with currs or finger pads. I sigh with competition.
I want a good view of the fireworks. He rushes his words and his steps as I trail like a Woof puppy, noting the wrong direction for us.
The citizens are walking in the other direction, Rann which is towards the fire works display. I note, thumbing my index finger backwards along with stretching my neck, giraffe-like and see the firework platforms and numerous fire works package that contains the explosive materials. I sigh with colors.
I have a secret spot for viewing the show. He words as he leads and passes all Food Booths, all Game Stalls, and lastly the Water Ride that leads to a calm fresh water small rounded lake surrounded by Oak trees and singing birds with tiny patches of wildflowers as Rann inquires. Are you afraid of water, Starra? I shake my curls sideways skull as Rann pulls me forward, wrapping his biceps around my shoulder as I feel his warmth then rudely finger points with his right hand at the water. My spots over there.
I dont see. I wrinkle my forehead, funny and remark. I sigh with confusion.
Let me help you into your seat, milady. Rann elegantly twirls around my body then firmly holds both my hands as he walks backwards towards the water and smiles while we both pad towards a single floating boat in the calm water that holds two wooden benches across the width without a motor as I smile and giggle. Rann jerks the rope tight while the boat slams against the peer then he lifts me into the air by my waist and drops me slowly into the center as I stumble to the first bench. Then, Rann leaps, kitten-like without moving the boat, smiling at me and sits on the opposite side inside the bench when I notice the holes built on each side of the wall as Rann grabs the handle of a set of twin oars in each hand starting a rowing motion with his strong muscular arms. I sigh with true love.
The stars brighten the dark pockets of the open lake with a single flair of romance moon light as Ranns muscles bulk nicey-nice up and down pushing and pulling the oars to his spot in the water while I smile and giggle like a silly teenwait, I am a silly teenager. Rann rounds the boat towards the moonlight then drops a small steel anchor down the deep lake water while the boat guides to a gently stop then Rann leaps, kitten-like from his bench, scooting his legs and body next to me on my bench, and snuggles me into two steel biceps as I lay against his naked chest.
The first firecracker bomb sounds and cracks the night sky, whistling in the air waves, and revealing a cascade of blue, white and gold. Wow! I exclaim, eye burning the colored sky.
My secret spot is always the best seat in the house. Rann whispers into my right eardrum.
Do you have any more secret spots? I inquire with my kitty-cat curiosity.
As a matter of fact, I have several. He teases in my right eardrum as the second bomb lights the dark blue skies in the colors of a single yellow and orange star burst while Rann slowly rubs both my arms up and down and comments. Youre shivering.
I feel a slight chilly breeze from the wind. I comment then Rann pulls a blanket from the under side of the bench, wrapping the cloth around my shoulders then snuggles me into his chest.
Better? He asks.
You seem to be prepared. I suggest.
Always be prepared. He rumbles in his sexy baritone trombone and chuckles deeply with a touch of mystery.
Thats the Boy Scout motto. I remember.
I was a Boy Scout. Rann confesses.
Are you now? I flirt.
That depends? Rann comments and chuckles.
Depends on what? I flirt.
Your definition of a Boy Scout? He teases and taunts as the third bomb hisses and explodes mid-air above the Carnival grounds then Rann twists me around to see his face, hovering over my body and stares into my gray eyes with delight, smiling. Your eyes twinkle like Sahara diamonds in the moon light, Starra.
Thank you. I remark in flute music as he touches my arm which is exposed from the blanket with his soft five fingertips.
Your skin shimmers like gold nuggets, Starra. Rann whispers into my face.
Thank you. I flutter as the fourth bomb whistles, breaks, and streaks across the dark sky in an array of red, white, and blue colors when Rann embraces me closer to his heated body and strokes the edge of my silver curl with his finger tips.
Your hair shines like platinum bars, Starra. He whispers into my face.
Thank you. I whisper. The blanket shifts from both my shoulders and falls to the bench of the boat as Rann pulls me closer to his face then I feel a sweet breath on my right cheek then I touch his cheek with my cheek and Rann touches my face gently with his right hand.
Your smile glistens like sea pearls, Starra. Rann murmurs then touches my throat with his hand. Your smell like rose petals. Rann leads down as I tilt upward then our lips touch as we kiss long deep passionately as the fifth bomb explodes over the lake. I sigh with true love.
Day 115. Dirks castle. sunny sky. 55F. five in the freaking morning. You rang. I slowly limp into his eyesight, leaning my body against the archway then growl like a sleepy kitten while yawning rudely with my lips parted like a dead fish since I truly hate being summed at this early morning hour especially when Im purposefully escorted by a set of two metal Gbots and a second set of two citizen Royal guards.
The early bird catches the worm. Dirk declares and waves off the Royal security team as Gbots and G-men leave my gray eyesight.
Not at five in the morning, it dont I word with bad grammar since my normal sense of humor is intact even if my Tele minds still asleep and finally, my acute eyesight and my quick active brain pings with interest. The Throne Room isnt the usual tacky throne space hidden under the stage as the space now fills with a set of small, medium, and large black cylinders attached to its own silver metal poles. I quickly identify. These are telescopes. I recall from my Earth History book showing some of the same colored pictures between the pages while I was a student at Plantation School. I pace to smallest one near the Throne window corner of the room without a citizen attendant and I close one eyelash, peeking through the glass lens. I sigh with surprise.
Dirk hovers his body about the Tech and asks with his tomcat curiosity. The situation? Tech straddles a small stool with the largest telescope between legs.
He proclaims eye balling his studied object. The asteroids filled with numerous ecological risks to us and any exploring ships.
Explain! Dirk demands as Tech presses a single button on the machine and sees a magnified image of the asteroid expanding into a round floating ball of many detailed geometric shapes.
Tech uprights his skull at the window then rudely finger points out the window and details. This is the site were pinpointing for the attack which includes the land and surrounding lake.
Leave! Dirk orders as Tech slowly scoots from the stool then calmly exits the archway as I wrinkle my forehead, ugly and neck snap my curls at sneaky Dirk. Dirk comments with a smile staring at me. Do you like my Observation Room, Starra? He sits his bee_hind upon the tiny stool, staring into the eye piece at object with his left eyeball as I return to the smallest telescope.
Observation? I select that mystery word from his sentence structure while I study the magnified sight of natural Oak tree limbs inside the overgrown green woodlands on the east side of castle.
Observe, watch, detect, and study of my planets. He defines then chuckles.
Youre spying. I tattle and snort like a wild boar. Who ya spying on, my king? I swing the single lens at the nest of blue birds resting in the high tree tops of the Pine tree.
Agri. Dirk names since Ty is the noble ruling Planet Agri but Rann likes to hang there.way too much. I flash back mentally in the second time line when Prince Rann married Baronetess Ivy of Agri and then he ruled two planets Sahara and Agri. I flash present mentally with a set of strong deadly emotions then physically tilt the telescope away from me, burning a set of invisible deadly fireballs into Dirk.
Rann, why? I smart-hole.
I dont trust the prince. He has too many secrets and too many friends... Dirk jealousies, studying the planet.
.and too many currs. I stab.
That, too! Dirk toots then taunts as I re-focus the smallest telescope with a single lens, adjusting the round knob and aiming at Agri.
I dont see anything suspicious. I conclude.
Use your other sight. He zings then zooms with laughter as I wrinkle my forehead, ugly then present ducks, uglier as I upright soldierly and access my access my awesome T-powers and. 
I close my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I T-view with Teleclairvoyance seeing blurry then a clear foto of four newly constructed buildings paints in Hunter green. I quickly break my T-trance blinking my eyelashes once, twice and thrice and neck snap my curls to Dirk and report. New buildings, so what?
Peek inside the new buildingif you dare to learn the truth, Major. He challenges.
I roller ball my pupils deeply into the rear of my curls and purses lips, tightly as I whisper like delicate butterflys wings. Dirk is the enemy, not Rann.
I close my gray eyes, again. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I T-sight with Teleclairvoyance, seeing clearly boxes which I open with my Tele-view and see new weapons consisting of lots of maser pistols, rifles, and cannons. All of these weapons are illegal to own, carry, and store from the Crown. STANG! I curse jerking my right eye ball back to the telescope aiding my eyesight with my Tele-mind and verifying the new boxes of masers since I see like a Tele-ghost then whip my chin to the floor then stomp nosily my right boot upon the tile with angry. I sigh with confusion.
You shouldnt use that word, Starra. He reprimands, studying the Agri with the telescope.
Why not? I swing my eyeballs to Dirk.
You see the truth. Dirk subject changes, studying Agri.
Big deal! A building with weapons. I down play.
Masers. He truths, studying Agri though the telescope.
Did you ask Rann about the? I cat fight.
I am king. I did not ask. Dirk decrees.
Then, did you demand an explanation of Rann, my king? I cat fight more as Dirk stands moving away from the telescope and smirking with a set of crooked lips, right.
This illegal act and action is obvious to methe king. Rann plans to invade my peaceful kingdom. Dirk offers as I fold my naked arms over my black top of my uniform.
I question. Wait a minute! Hold the comfone! How did the king come to that kingly crazy conclusion? I chuckle at my cute wording.
Youre too correct. I spy and have found traitors. Theyre located on Agri. And, they have confessed to methe king. Dirk tattles.
I dont believe you. I return with a nasty unladylike timbre.
You can hear the information from the citizens with your own ears, Major. Dirk promises, calmly walking towards the archway and shouts. Guards. I didnt know Dirks guards stored their boots near the hallway. I sigh with intrigue.
Two females dressed in their green work jumpsuits enter and stand two feet from the archway of newly dubbed Observation Room which used to be the Throne Room as I note that their business attire is definitely Agri clothes since I recognize the standard uniform which is worn by every Business Associate of the Farm Planet. And, I smell with my small nose holes the newly plowed dirt particles and fresh plant spores upon the worn uniforms.
Stang! I whisper like delicate butterflys wings, standing soldierly with eyelashes open and my open mind more open.
Tell her! Dirk decrees smirking with a set of crooked lips, right as the older female on the right, presents both hands outward then numbers on her finger digits.
Five used zippers land and unload mystery supplies into the two new buildings. Prince has decided not to share any of the local business professional comments to the owners of Agri when he is asked about that particular new inventory. The older female voices in her sober alto clarinet while looking at Dirk then shifts her almond-shaped eye sockets to me and smiles.
You spied on Prince Rann, the noble of I kick back, sneering like a baby grizzle bear.
Agri is our planet. The younger female timbers in her flute soprano and stands besides the older Business Associate pauses in her ugly beauty then continues. We are bornhere. We own the planet and rights to all the crops and livestock as stated in our Business Associate treaty appointed by the elder Baronmany, many solar suns ago. Outlaw Rann inherited us when Baron Bartholomew and Baroness Ivy were accidentally killed in the War because of his marriage to a nice and kind noblette.
We dont want that outlaw to destroy our planet. Rann doesnt like our ruler, King Dirk. He plans to harm King Dirk. Rann should go back to Saharaas a prisoner, not nobleman Older female remarks with more than true facts but true intent.
Hes a traitor to the Crown and a formal prisoner of Sahara. Do you not know the bad boys popular gossip, Lady Starra? The younger female voices in her flute soprano, crossing the sleeves over her tidy but dirty jumpsuit, studying me.
Dirk claps both his hands softly for his undivided attention then compliments. Thank youyou are one of my more loyal and trusted citizens of the Crown. The selfish and cowardly females nod their skulls, once at Dirk then twist and trot out the archway leaving my eyesight for the moment as I hope and pray that I run into yall in a darken woodland acre on the Farm Planet.one day. I sigh with deadly vengeance.
My Tele sense ping. Ranns dead. I neck snap my sober face to smiling Dirk, vocalizing nasty. What are you going to do, Dirk?
Im going to take back my universe. Dirk proclaims, bobbing his skull at me. Youare going to attack Agri. He plops into the Throne Chair, crossing his legs as his cape drapes over his lap and down to the purple tiles as I react silly and giggle with a girly twang.
I remark. Manyoure full of sh
He quickly raises his right pale hand. You work for the king.thats me. Our deal! He smirks with a set of crooked lips, left and I drop my mouth like a hungry shark and eye burn the floor then flip my eyelashes back to King Dirk. I sigh with revenge.
I repeat softly. Our deal!
You do recall our intimate conversation about your duty. Ive been impressed thus far. You do keep your promises, Major. He compliments and chuckles.
Take note of this future promiseI kill you I threaten.
Be sure to let me know which day so I can plan my counterattack accordingly. He mocks and moans at me.
Fine. Im blow the compound , and I will hide the evidence foreverly as I grin and giggle with my secret plot while Dirk shakes his skull side to side, picking the invisible lent off his cape.
No! Dirk sings in tenor saxophone music then eye burns me. Thats an unwise decision, Starra. Rannll be free from his crime. Dirk guesses my plan. Bring the evidence to me.
Id rather blow the compound. That plans short and sweet. I debate.
Bring me the evidence. Now, Starra! Dirk issues.
How aboutI do that on tomorrow afternoon? I have pre-arranged planswith the enemy. I amuse and abuse at Dirk as I snort like a wild boar as Dirk easily smile with a toothy grin.
He chuckles and compliments. I do really enjoy your Earth humor. Its most irritating always but entertaining for a few seconds, Starra.
Im glad I entertain you with.something. I miff.
Take a teamI trust you about ten percent taking off about 9.9 percentage points. He smiles and smirks then commands. And.you are to retrieve one of the maser cannons.(holds his index finger up)that will be proof enough for the citizens of my kingdom. I elegantly pirouette out the archway, swirling beautifully my new Navy blue circular skirt, and tromping nosily in my new Navy blue thigh-high boots out and down the hallway pondering deeply that Im not getting married in this time line since Im too busy saving Ranns bee_hind from Dirk. I sigh with defeat.
Starras borrowed castle. Sunny sky. 77F. afternoon. I flash back mentally three hours ago when I completed Dirks deadly assignment, barely missed Ranns speedy zipper off Planet Agri out of my ships pathway and finally ensured that Tys body was safe and sound from both Dirk and Dirks nasty guards during my sweet and short vacation spot as the guards trucked a maser cannon from the barn yard. I flash present burning my faded skin under the bright sunshine and drink gallons of Fiss, pondering a successfully escape plan for Rann. I sigh with strategy.
Evening. Im wide awake, stomping down the empty hallway then down the wooden steps into a dark kitchen with Bot in tow like a heavy ski jet as I silently slam open the heavy refrigerator door and reach for Fiss. I likenawlove Fiss. I sigh with love.
I dont give a hoot what words Rann argues within my eardrums since the sweet sugary colorful drink makes my red mouth, my pink tongue, my invisible taste buddies, and my dark esophagus and all the way down to my egg-shaped stomach happy, happier, and happiest with a deep rich flavor and tinkle crackling sensation of tiny bubbles. And, my favorite colors are purple, green, and orange. I sigh with sugar addiction.
I girly strut into the almost empty Living Room parking my pjs on the broken down beige sofa given to me from the first time line by old and cold King Rex with one sofa foot and no legs then I down greedy the entire tangy orange bottle of Fiss, smacking my sugary lips like a flapping fish then loudly burp from the tiny bubbles inside my tummy and giggle. I pop the tab on the second bottle of Fiss that have carried in my left hand, being a righty person that fights, flies, and flirts with the right side of my cute body. I ponder Ranns serious problem with Dirk, sipping half of the green apple liquid between my lips as the cold sensation hits my tummy that every citizen born in this universe includingone stupid lost alien knowsall the Royal edits which consists of that masers are illegal. Kongos are illegal. Traitors are illegalnawlegally hang. I sigh with rightness.
All prisoners are convicted by the King and are sentenced to the Prison Planet except for the dang traitors who are personally hung one-at-a-time in the wooden gallows of the Game stadium platform until dead. But Ranns the hero of the universe in the alien time line and so far in this one that I can see, feel, taste, and smell. And, Rann smells like a batch of spicy Pine trees and a touch of citrus orangey tangy stuff as I close my eyelashes reliving Ranns touch and his smell. Then, Rann doesnt need to hide or run from Dirk so theres no plan of escape. I sigh with happy.
I feel wrong. I softly whisper, wrinkling forehead, ugly as think slow. Think slower. Think slowest.
I T-zap with Telekinesis, waving side to side his right hand, opening the refrigerator door and levitating the two more bottles of red Fiss then I T-flair with Teleclairvoyance, counting number inventory of Fiss bottles in garage as I yell loudly sitting lazy on the broken sofa. BOT.restock the Fiss.
As you wish, Lady Starra. Bot machines as I hear with my Tele-ears the mechanical salvos of hauling robot and the sound of opening garage door.
Bot obeys very well. I softly whisper then empty three bottles of Fiss.
I hear the bottles tinkle as the refrigerator door slams and Bot machines. Fiss restocked.
Day 116. Game stadium. Festival Day. partly cloudy sky. 71F. morning. I nosily burp from my sour stomach after drinking a case.(thats 24 bottles of colored Fiss)..yesterday during my sun bathing at the swimming pool and after my night bathing laying on the sofa as my Bonita parade float jolts and jerks me awake from my light cat nap as the bright sun slaps playfully on my tired sun-burned freckled face and big red-lined eyeballs. Now, I remember reading on the warning label.(yeah, baby).that the fuzzy crackling carbonized liquid that composes Fiss might cause hyper-ness, alert-ness, and mean-ness in menawfolks but I find that havent been able to sleep through the night for the needed a good eight hours of beauty since I feel tired, sad, mad, and confused. I sigh with annoy.
Everyones happy and everyones laughs while everyones dances around me and the float as I yell with annoyance. OUT the tail gate, rednecks! OFF with their heads, King Dirk! SHOO, yahoos! I wave my free left hand empty of Fiss at the kind citizens and sweet friendly pets away from menawmy Bonita float. I sigh with angry.
I use my awesome T-powers of Telepathy scanning for Ranns body then I scan inside his castle on Planet Commerce then whip a T-flair towards Planet Agri.(yeah, Im that good).and finally T-zap with Telepathy through the Wall and land my mental mind on Planet Sahara. I cant find a black strand of hair or a silk thread of covered bee-hindie of Rann using either my traditional or metaphysical communication center as the Tele senses ping. Everythings fine.
Then, I think mentally that Dirk has captured Rann and T-view with Teleclairvoyance seeing nothing but pink and blue colors and light classical music.(so nice).but Im very jumbled and very emotional in my confused state of mentally mind probing which causes my T-powers not to work. Period. I sigh with thirst.
Bot, Fiss, please. I demand.
As you wish, Lady Starra! Bot machines, handing off a single cold wet bottle of purple Fiss into my extended right hand while taking the empty bottle from my left hand as I nosily sip the purple Fiss, pondering deeply that Dirk has set up Rann to fall hard as I jumble ands fumble the glass bottle into my five right finger pads quickly then Fiss lovely drops into my lap, painting my already pink gown with bright dark pink spot.
Stang! I swiftly stand, watching the purple residue fall to the tile as the Bonita float jolts suddenly to a halt grabbing my tiny Throne chair as Bot takes the empty bottle of Fiss from my right hand then I princessly walk down the ramp.not ladderto my noblette Game sky box as ordered by my king while I quietly sit and shade my eyebrows with my left hand and T-see with Teleclairvoyance the empty Agri skybox for absent Rann. I sigh with misplacement.
Trumpets loudly toot as drums continuously roll along with my headache then Dirk calmly strolls with a toothy smile on ugly face(use T-vision).standing along the guard railing wishing it would break loose inside his Royal skybox and waves his right hand.
Kill you, tomorrow, Dirk. I promise under my breathe then polish off orange Fiss as loud applause rings overwhelming into my over sensitive eardrums within my well irritated eyesight. 
Dirk greets via comfones and comlens. Nobles, noblettes and good citizens of the universe, please be seated. Citizens obediently hustle down into the plastic as Dirk stands and informs. I have news to share with all  my loyal subjects. Citizens mumble.
Here it comes! I sit still then lean uncomfortably my curls against the soft head rest, covering my eyeballs with a left hand and moaning like a dying animal.
Bad news! Dirk works the captured audience as citizens moan in a musical unison of b-flat as  I really want to fight like with a maser with Dirk but Rann will die immediately since I promised to work for the Devil and obey his evil commands. And, I cant use my T-powers against Dirk or help Rann as I jumble my thoughts and stumble over my unstable emotions since I feel wrong. I sigh with confusion.
Everythings fine. My Tele senses ping brightly within my active mind as I reprimand softly with my bass flute music. Everything aint fine. I aint fine. Rann aint fine. I sigh with aint fine.
Lady Starra Bot machines.
Shut it, trash can. I order as Bot hovers like a good mechanical servant in the air next to my face in its quiet mode.
Dirk shares. We have a traitor amongst our mist. Citizens groan in a musical unison of e-sharp.
Yay! Me! I mumble since I trade in the traitor for doing Dirks dirty work and illegal bidding and have sentenced Rann to death as my Tele senses ping. Everythings fine.
Ira swiftly stands tall and overweight inside his pressed and ironed double wide blue wool uniform with tons of dangling colorful pins, shiny medals, and short pretty ribbons hanging his skull and upper torso like a pigeon ready to poop off the ledge of the Militia skybox, guarding the reigning King and lectures. Sire, traitors require evidence. This is the law. Ira doesnt understand Dirks evil mind set being a loyal and devoted friend to Rann in all four time lines.
You are very correct, General Ira. It isthe Royal law. Dirk agrees.
Show us, Dirk? Tok who is the noble of both rotating man-made space stations of Uni and Bio demands with a nasty tone since I like Tok because he doesnt take no smelly stinky Woof puppy poop from any noble, citizen, Ira, Rann, orDirk as I giggle with a girly twang.
ThatI will do, nobles. Dirk invites and smiles toothy then claps both his hands as four teams of pure white Arabian horses pull a tiny Hunter green painted wooden cart from the dark side of tunnel into the bright yellow sun light displaying a single big black shiny maser cannon while citizens hoots with owl noises.
I present the evidence of the traitor. Dirk rudely finger points at tiny cart as the comlen does a close-up of the horses, then the cart and then the cannon while the citizens boos like scary ghosts.
Who owns this illegal piece of hardware? Ty of Agri mysteries.
Speak up! Announce yourself to King Dirk! Rita of Tech jumps in.
I do. An invisible face rumbles in his sexy baritone trombone via the comfone while the citizens coo like doves then Rann magically appears right beside Dirks left bicep as Dirk neck snaps his skull.
Dirk sings in high tenor. Arrest, him!
Who am I to arrest, Sire? Ira puzzles.
Arrest him, you fool! Dirk cries like a baby and rudely finger points at stoic Rann.
Prince Rann? Ira names.
He owns the maser cannon. Hes the traitor. Dirk tattles as the citizens moan in a musical unison of c-flat.
Prince Rann is a traitor. I dont believe it. Ira confuses while citizens mumble loudly then Rann holds his right hand in the air via the comlens as the citizens silent immediately.
Dirk interrogates. Ill ask one simple question of you, Rann. 
Proceed. Rann challenges.
Do you own the planet of Agri? Dirk asks.
Yes. Rann answers.
Do you own all the assets on the planet of Agri? Dirk asks.
Yes. Rann answers.
Therefore, this maser cannon found on the planet of Agri is your property since you own the planet of Agri. Dirk finales since I cannot argue with that illogic statement because Ty owns the planet, the assets, and the maser cannon, not Rann. I sigh with deep befuddlement.
Yes. Rann answers.
Dirk judges. Youre a traitor to the Crown. General IraI order you to arrest Prince Rann for treason. Citizens boo like angry ghosts at Dirks command as I yank with a sexy jerk my pink ruffled hemline of my formal gown up to my kneecaps and jump, T-rex from my Bonita skybox and deftly land on pink sandals(aint easy)upon the hard concrete sidewalk on the first level for my successful rescue of my man when four Gbots direct point the maser rifles at little ole me. I quietly surrender, raising both my still hands and arms into air for a failed escape.
I twist my curls up to the Royal skybox and watch eight big tall seven foot tall silver shiny metal Gbots(Royal guard robots).surrounded Rann along with six Royal Honor Guards of purple sashes who all escort Rann out of the Royal skybox back into the darken hallway.
Dirk shouts via comfones and watches his body selfishly on the comlens. Citizens of the universe, Im canceling the Game event todaydue to the overwhelming set of traitor circumstances. He smirks with a set of crooked lips, right as citizens nosily buzz like bees from their assign seats and the four Gbot drop the masers around me.
I roughly twirl my body and my dress towards the exit archways, pushing and shoving with pointy elbows and high heel spikes as I swiftly dash into dark tunnel used exclusively for the noble and noblettes dumping my body into the crowded yellow cobblestone street. My Bonita float and Pbot areway too far away to access for the quick trip to the Royal castle since Rannll be escorted and housed in the Tower Room for guests of citizens as traitors. Been there, done that! I sighed with memory.
cobblestone street. I jerk with a sexy flair my pink hemline up to my kneecaps, holding tightly with ten finger pads, and running like a race-horse as I jog in a steady but slow pace near the old indigo Resort castle owned by Marquis Tok. I suddenly stop and nosily gasp sucking air molecules between my pink-painted open lip with a heavy sigh since Ive gained a little body weight from drinking.way too many sugary sweet Fiss. My heart slows to into a normal beating pattern as my pulse decreases back to normal. I sigh with panic.
I hike my gown back up to my knees and gallop like a charging bull near the new white plastered Tech castle owned by Viscountess Rita which is exactly the half way point to the Royal castle of King Dirk as I breathe deadly. My heart races dangerously as I suddenly stop since Im out of shape having.way too much fun, food, and games with Rann at the Royal Carnival this week. I sigh with more panic.
I recover my vital medical signs back down to normal then jog speedy like a jack rabbit as I both tire and exhaust then suddenly halt near the Agri castle owned by Ambassador Ty and catch my breath wiping the clear mucus from my runny nose and my watery drool from lips with the back of my right hand. I bet Im a pretty sight as I gurgle lightly with mouth spittle then decide wisely to walk the rest of hard vanilla concrete slabs and girly strut into the open wide rear door of Royal castle in my painful red and raw blisters from my three inched cute open-toed sandals. I prance like a farm pony through the palace into the silent hallway and victoriously notice that  Dirks rejects(honor guards).are all laying unconscious upon the tile at their posts like sleeping babies while the castle bots are deactivated too as I waddle like a duck in my dragging torn ball gown to the elevator. I sigh with miffness.
I swiftly press with my index finger the number seven button inside the castle elevator since the Royal guards wont be annoying me as the elevate guides silently to the floor the silently swishes opened revealing polish tile that leads to the seventh level space called the Tower Room as I hold my dress by ten finger pads and sail like a kite up the twisting stairs. Then, I hear the echo of soft voices while shadowy bodies shuffle around the tile and their boot toes scrape loudly against the flooring as I swiftly rush into the circular small room then suddenly stop and studiously stare at free bird Rann blinking my eyelashes once, twice then thrice. 
I see that the jail cell door is locked properly since the vertical bars are shut while the bright sun light quietly beans upon the yellow tile and a set of black masers nosily train and target on me while standing in a half-moon circle they guard Rann. I see with eyeballs wide and open Ira, Tok, Ty, and Nat as I drop my mouth like a hunger shark at the masers. I sigh with confusion.
Tok orders with a rushed baritone. Grab her. Rann holds both arms parallel to the flooring.
Rann counter-mans. No! Stow masers, gentlemen. The noble faithfully obey his command as Rann steps forward on his right boot from the protective circle towards bedazzled me then suddenly stops about five feet away arching his arms in bow-position.
Shell tell Dirk. Nat eye burns me and comments with an unfriendly tenor.
Starracome to me. Rann rumbles in his sexy baritone trombone as my left sandal then my right sandal paces directly into Ranns bowed arms like Im possessed or something as I dont smile, shoving my body into his naked chest.
Dont trust her, Rann? Even under the drug, Starra possesses incredible talents. Ty present duck lips, ugly and compliments me with a strange statement.
Rann bobs his skull at me, smiling as I stare into his face. I know. She has identified us to the king, already. Starras under Dirks influence. He updates the noble while lovingly embracing me, hugging closetly me against his naked chest and caresses my hair with passion. I sigh with true love.
What? Ira smart-holes, pulling his maser pistol from his utility belt, and aiming at Ranns back muscles since he protects Starra.
She did. Ty stuns.
We should capture herRann. Tok suggests.
No! Rann sings in baritone trombone then pulls away from our embrace, stroking gently my left cheekbone and smiling in my face as I feel wrong. I sigh with true love.
Starras very dangerous to us and our plans, Rann. Ira dictates.
Lady Starra doesnt know the truth. Shes an innocent victim likethe others. Rann updates, smiling at me.
Dont toy with her, Rann? Ty advises.
Youre correct, Ty. Prepare to leave the planet, gentlemen. I need to speak with Starra in private. Rann commands as the noble shadows dance around us then while the room is silence and clear Rann closetly hugs my tiny body and plants a tender kiss on my forehead. He rumbles in his sexy baritone trombone into my right eardrum, Starra, sweetheart, I dont have much time for a complete explanation but listen carefully to me. Fissis a mind control drug. All the citizens in the universe are drunk with the sweet beverage. I found outbut I have found out, too late. He quickly crams a smooth small object into my right open palm, staring into my eyeballs. Here! This bot chip will detail all the data that you need to learn about Fiss. I smile at Rann as he lectures. Please read the chip, Starra. Fiss confuses your mind which allows Dirk to influence you. Youre under his control, sweetheart. You must not ever drink Fissever. Promise me this! Rann touches my left cheekbone with his soft five finger tips as I nod my curls, once in silence while smiling at him and he remarks. I believe you, Starra, sweetheart. Youre a strong citizen. Youll come to see the truth, soon. Rann dips his skull into my face, kissing my parted lips quickly then surfaces and tightly hugs my body as I feel his warmth and safety inside his strong arms, and I am clear with one emotiontrue love. Rann whispers into my right eardrum Starracome to me, soonest. He releases me then slides like a snake out the archway. I sigh with true love.
I soldierly stand with a racing heart and a pounding pulse only thinking of Rann as the heavy foot falls nosily stomp up the twisting staircase to the Tower Room as the jail cell prettily display emptiness and the traitor disappears, thief-like. 
STARRA! Dirk names in a fast fury flaring tone, staring his eyeballs at the empty jail cell as I dont shake in my Prom Dress, walking passed me. I sigh with true love.
Rann has escaped. I announce in my new piccolo soprano since I truly love Rann and will truly protect Rann and will truly die for Rann. I sigh with death.
Really, you dont say. Dirk turns then walks around me stomping on my long pink dress stained and torn dress train.
Yea! I dont say. I smart-hole.
Dirk rounds his body and faces me, ordering to his attentive Honor Guards in his tenor saxophone. Search the castle! I want the prince found. Guards turn and thunder heavy boot toes down the concrete steps except Dirks personal two bodyguards holding their positions at the open archway like he expects a rear surprise attack from someone. He questions me. Who assisted with Ranns escape?
The room was empty when I arrived. I lie honestly, hoping my cute button nose doesnt grow like ugly Ritas as I snort like a wild boar. I sigh with true love.
You should have been the first one to arriveusing your famous Tele-dash. Why? He interrogates.
I crinkle my nose, cute-like then punt. You try running in a ball gown with four stiff crinolines scratching your inner thighs raw and three inches of spike heels forming tiny blisters of pain on naked toes.
Dirk eyeballs vertically my face then the eyelids follow downward to the torn hemline of my dress and comments I could see where your formal attire would not be conductive for speed.
I am sorryyour sorryHighness. I word silly then snort for fun as Dirk slices his green snake eyeballs at the face of the left guard whos closet to us then he neck snaps his skull back at me and bends his ugly skull into my space and threats with a lovely tenor. Youwill pay for this, Starra.
Dont I always I bite back as Dirk swiftly swirls his satin robes in a completed circle, exiting out of my eye sight. I sigh with distrust.
Starras borrowed castle. bright stars. clear sky. 67F. evening. After permanently bathing off Dirks nasty coodies I wear a soft pink robe over my naked body and jump, kitten-like upon the broken sofa in the Living Room crossing my soft legs while I gently caress Dirks mini-bot that contains the new bot chip with all ten finger pads. Ranns words echo and whirl within my brain cells as my stomach erupts with hunger. I sit lazy and shout loudly. Botbring me a tuna fish sandwich and a bottle of red Fissplease. Bot elegantly floats in the air with a food tray containing a four-squared and cut white bread with smelly tuna fish along with apple fruit slices, a big cloth napkin, an empty tall glass with new ice chips and a cold wet sweaty sugary sweet bottle of blood red Fiss. I sigh with delightfulness.
Bot carefully places the wooden food tray over my lap then turns mechanical exits the room as I rudely woof down two squares of four delicious tuna fish sandwich then attach my right five finger tips to the wet bottle and suddenly stop and study Fiss intensively as I think. Think fast! Think faster!
Rann says do not to drink Fiss while I pull my right hand away from the cool sweating bottle of sparkling red liquid as the liquid glistens like Rubies in the fading yellow sun light beaming from the side windows inside my Bonita castle as I studiously stare at Fiss. I desire the sweet and sugar and coldness and red stuff. Ridiculous!
I attack with my right five finger tips and attach to the wet bottle for a second time when Rann says please do not drink Fiss but I lovingly thirst and I strongly desire the sweet sugary addiction of Fiss. I sigh with love.
Bot. I shout and re-order because I love Rann more than Fiss. Bring me water, please. Bot arrives within five seconds with a cold tall glass of clear sparkling plain water then hands off as I selfishly gulp the small tumbler in three swallows. I sigh with non-sweetness.
Rann says please read the mini-bot as I tenderly caress the edge of the mini-bot with both my shaky hands and think mentally that I desire Fiss. I strongly desire the sugar sweet coldness beverage, staring with my watery eyeballs at the sweating bottle of red Fiss on the food tray beside the remaining tuna fish sandwich. I sigh with addiction.
Stop, Starra. I softly command using my pink tongue to my active mind since the liquid is just another drinking beverage like water, juice, or milk but I strongly desire Fiss as my mental debate battles between my conscious and sub-conscious mind. I sigh with addiction.
STOP. I shout like an insane crazy Earthling as Bot magically appears beside me next to the broken sofa and I order. Take the Fiss back into the kitchen, Bot. I attach my right five finger tips to the cold sweet sugary sweating bottle while Bot forcefully rips the tightly griped glass bottle from my right shaky hand then flies backwards towards the kitchen as I shout. WAIT!  Bot back its metal can beside my face and I order with a soft piano. Take it to the kitchen and pour it down the sink, Bot. Bot flies backwards towards the kitchen for a second try and disappearing from my gray eye sight.
My Tele-ears hear the loud pop of the metal top from the bottle since the product of Fiss is part carbonated water, lots of sweet cane sugar, nice fruit flavoring, and a secret herb from Dirks home grown Royal garden. The carbonated gas causes the liquid to burst from the bottom of the bottle to the top of the rim when opened and sounds heavenly within my eardrum like fizzing with a ball of live colored energy in my eyeballs as I mentally mind thinks I desire Fiss.
I Tele-view with Teleclairvoyance seeing the red foam with a colorful head quickly rises over the glass lip of the bottle and gently flows down the sides of the bottle into Bots metal limbs as my Tele-eardrums hear the soft red bubbles pop and crack with a smooth saxophone sound of fizzing as my mental mind thinks I desire Fiss.
I roughly land the mini-bot on the soft part of the sofa, uncrossing quickly my tangled legs then suddenly halt my slo mo movement Rann says promise not to drink Fiss as I re-crossed my long legs and grab the mini-bot as my mental mind pings I desire Rann.
My Tele-ears hear the smooth flow of Fiss liquid hitting the left side of yellow porcelain sink draining into the lead pipes that leads to the steel-plated sewage tank under the transport land garage. GULP! GULP! GULP! My mental mind thinks I desire Fiss as I close my eyelashes and remember that Rann says promise not to drink Fiss then the subtle noises halt like dead fish in an poisoned tank as Bot has finished its command of emptying the entire contents of the red bottle of Fiss into the sink. I sigh with relief.
I smile brightly and flip face to the mini-bot then gingerly press the power button on the machine as the data pop colorful onto the lighted screen as I read out loud the bot chips message from Rann. Starra, sweetheart I smile at his tender endearment then continue. If you have this bot chip in your possession you have assisted with my escape from Dirk. Im very grateful and pleased with your wise decision, Starra, sweetheart(giggles).thank you from the bottom of my loving heart. If not for your lady noblette intervention, Id be facing a hangmans noose inside Game stadium.
Be there, done that before ya, Rann, darling! I giggle with a girly twang then start reading more of my homework assignment. I truly can trust you with this secret data that youre about to read. I hope after you have learned the truth that youll help me and my comrades destroy Dirk. I wish for you a good journey in your new discoveries.
The second screen swiftly flips to a next page of new data and I read. Fiss is the name of the popular sweet tasting beverage that every man, woman, and child in the universe is consuming. The drink is a shorten name for the noun called fissile which means process of splitting. The formula disguised in a colored fun-looking and good-smelling liquid physically splits your brain cells in half allowing any invading entity to access the subject with the Tele power of Telepathy. This process is called mind control. It takes a hold of your conscious mind immediately and blocks your sub-conscious awareness of any danger, harm, and righteousness from your gray matter. In turn, Dirk has created an illusion of pleasure, delight, and peace inside a citizens mind. The herb used is called Ginkgo. Dirk has concocted a divertive of the herb by extracting only a small concentrated portion of Ginkgo and created a new plant called Gink. The man-made herb Gink is mixed with sweet cane sugar, filtered pure carbonized spring water, and colored with a pretty flavor of fruit juice to create a drink called FISS. No citizen in the universe can resist the substance.
The third screen quickly swishes to a new page and I read. The only way a citizen can resist the drink is to use his or her Tele-ability to fight the drug. However, the king has been killing all known Sickness patients who have survived the interface process of their true Tele-ability with their regular brain mesh cellsin essence, the survivors who can resist the effects of the Fiss drug. Dirk has been feeding the beverage to the young children starting at age of four on Uni on their first day of school. The drink is sweet to the kids so they like to drink it instead of healthy milk or a glass of nature fruit juice. For the adults, its a bad habit. Gink is not only thought controlling but it is addictive to the biological body.
I eye burn floor and brilliantly conclude while I whisper softly. Citizens love Fiss. They consume the drink all day and nightincluding me. So, this is the object blocking their Tele powers. No wonder, I cant find any Teles. Dirk has used me to identify all the innocent Teles within the universe so he can eliminate them. ButRann has figured it out. Hes smarter than Dirkand me. I sigh with true love.
The fourth screen quickly flips and I read and learn. If the daily proportion of Gink is not replenished every 20 hours with the same amount of drug dosage, the physical body will experience withdrawal pains. The symptoms are headache, dizziness, vomiting, diarrhea, fever, sweats, hysteria, psychosis, coma.and finally death. I have developed an anti-serum. I and the anti-serum are located inside a hidden and protective ground base on Resort. You must come to me, Starra. With your incredible Tele-abilities, you can find me. Be careful, sweetheart! Dirk knows. Dirk watches. Dirks an evil genius and a loco mad man. Come here and be with me, Starra, sweetheart! Always and forever with my love, Rann. I smile with a toothy grin as the mini-bot shuts down the lighted screen turning black then red sparks and white smoke shoot out from the rear silver metal.
I annoy. Its rigged with a self destruct mechanism inside the bot chip. I swiftly fling the burning mini-bot to the wooden floor. BOOM! The mini-bot immediately bursts in air-borne flight into a vertical line of bright colorful yellow and blue fiery flames as Bot quickly douses the burning flames with two pails of water in each metal limbs. Thanks, Bot. I compliment and smile at Bot while it hovers with the empty pails in each limb and uses a three limb to retrieve the burnt mini-bot from the floor.
Lady Starra, you should choose better equipment for your entertainment purposes. Bot machines flying backwards toward the kitchen, returning to its assigned duties.
Rightttt I call out then giggle with a girly twang thinking that they say that machines dont have personalities. I slowly stand from the sofa and snail-like pace the floor in bare feet , pondering seriously. Fiss is mind controlling. How many bottles did I drink today? Two, seven or, twelveor more. I suddenly stop and stare into the cold black outer space above the roof tiles and the baby blue sky thinking of Resort and Rann and remind. I must not drink Fiss anymore. My promise and love to Rann. I eye burn the kitchen archway and yell. BOT pour all the colored liquid of every bottle of Fiss down the kitchen sinkNOW.
As you wish, Lady Starra. Bot machines.
I nervously pace the floor in my bare feet to the wall then back to the sofa then to the west wall then back to the sofa as my Tele-ear hear the soft clanking and light clicking of glass bottles from the garage then next the smooth gulping sound of the fizzing liquid being poured down the ceramic sink drain as I start racing to the wall then back to the sofa. I mentally think I desire not Fiss as I concern with my upcoming medical symptoms that was listed clearly on Ranns bot chip with a finale without a drop of the precious anti-serum isdeath.
I nosily inhale then silently exhale, holding my tummy and think that Im about to get really sick and almost neardeath even with my awesome T-powers of Telemetabolics since I consumed my first Fizz at seven in the morning and its right now seven at night. I sigh with death.
I march my left foot then right foot then left foot slowly up the steps towards my private bedroom since I need to rest quietly and to reserve totally all my T-strength for the next scary 20 hours(thats a Commerce day and night). I cannot travel directly to Ranneven though he possesses an anti-serum since Dirk watches. Dirk spies. Dirk follows me then Rann dies. Period.
My T-powers arent at their normal 100% bestest at the moment and are diminishing by the second since I cant fight Dirk with my usual 100% Tele-battle skills which I feel are also weakening by the second. I sigh with doom.
I gently open the door and pad inside my bedroom noting that the room is tidy and the air temperature is cold while my bed covers in a pretty chartreuse (thats yellowish-green) then I gently crawl on fours (palms and toes) into the cool chartreuse silk sheets and pull the matching bed comforter over me then drop deeply into Tele-healing trance and.
I close my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus. Sleep.
Day 117. Starras borrowed castle. dark room. morning. Lady Starra, time to awaken. Bot machines as it pokes on my left arm and the thick bed covers for my assigned duties as Tele instructor at the auditorium since I havent given new commands to the robot.
Im sleeping late. I croak, froggy-like, wrapping my body like a butterfly cocoon protectively from the cool air and bright sunshine.
As you wish, Lady Starra Bot machines, flying backwards out the room as I quickly flip upon my stomach, avoiding the bright sun light from the open shades by thoughtful Bot inside my private chamber. I feel funny.
My stomach loudly pops inside my inners like popcorn then my forehead aches fiercely with pain. I feel sick. I jump, kitten-like my legs from the warm satin sheets dashing like a race horse into the lavatory then vomit puke green stuff into the clear sink. BOT. I yell as my head pounds with heavy strikes of an invisible hammer against the gray matter while Bot hovers in the lavatory archway, seeing with its teacup eyeballs my pretty puke green stuff inside sink.
Bot machines Are you ill, Lady Starra? Do you require a Bbot?
No Bbot! Clean the dirty sink and the floor! I order, bending at waist over the sink, again.
The floor is not dirty, Lady Starra. Bot machines. PLOP! My puke green vomit heavy drains into the sink then quickly jumps and splashes ugly upon the lavatory floor.
You are correct, Lady Starra. The floor is dirty. Bot machines, flying backwards to perform its additional domestic duties as I painfully limp back into my cold bed, folding like a ball to keep warm closing my eyelashes, and endure the upset stomach.
BOT. I name with a b-flat flute music as my new vomit restructures as a white-yellowish tuna fish sandwich from yesterday then vomit stops since the stomach lining is empty but the hammering headache begins immediately as Bot tenderly lays an another cold wet cloth on my heated freckles. 
Bot machines. You need a Bbot, Lady Starra. Please allow me to call one.
NO. I sing in g-sharp piccolo music. I sigh with dizziness.
Afternoon. My headache and dizziness ends without fanfare but I cant say the same for the diarrhea as my twin butt cheeks painfully chafe upon the hard toilet seat for the passed two hours ormore while I order. More water! I breathe for air molecules then annoy. How can a person relieve stomach contents if there aint no contents to relieve in the body? Bot hands off a glass of water to me.
Bot machines. You have some type of toxic poison, Lady Starra. I must contact a Bbot for you.
No. I sing in f-sharp piccolo music. I sigh with diarrhea-ness.
As you wish, Lady Starra Bot machines, flying backwards out the room and returns to my nurse duties as one symptom ends, a new one begins. The fever and sweats creep scary upon me since I have lost track of time between the sweating, drinking, and sleeping. I physical exhaust and mentally tire while experiencing body sensations of wet, dry, shiver, sweat, cold, hot, thinness and exposed nude, losing fat, minerals, water, and body weight with no form of hunger appetite for any food item. I sigh with death.
Your fever is 103 degrees. I must contact Bbot. Bot machines.
No. I sing in e-sharp piccolo music as Bot hovers a small tumbler of fresh water in my swollen ashen and pinky-pink face.
Drink the water, Lady Starra. If I cannot inform a Bbot then I will contact Prince Rann. He will come to your aid. Bot machines.
No! I sing in d-sharp piccolo music as Bot hovers next my closed eyelashes.
As you wish, Lady Starra Bot machines, flying backwards out the room and returns to my nurse duties while I deeply slumber and dream of my characters from the previous alien time lines which consists of Lady Starra, Commander Starra, Body Guard Starra, Waitress Starra
I sing in c-sharp piccolo music while I awake to a new day. Alien, I. I swiftly upright my folded body at the waist then vigorously shake the snot out of my nose along with moving my curls as wetness from my sweating freckles and plastered smelly hair fly across the linens, blankets, walls, and flooring since I possess no symptoms of headache or dizziness. Healthy. I grab and stuff a small warm biscuit made by sweet Bot from the morning breakfast tray next to the bed night stand then vigorously chew and swallow almost whole with no vomit reflex from my throat and tongue then I jump, kitten-like up and down on top of the mattress with no leakage of brown runny diarrhea. I slap ten finger pads, exploring my face and forehead with no sweat or no fever. I sigh with alien me.
Lady Starra, how are you feeling? Bot machines and hovers at the bedroom archway, staring at me as I lightly bounce on naked toes on the mattress, humming and singing with delight.
I survived the crash. I survived the crash, again. I talk like an alien that crash-landed on a new planet in a new galaxy and giggle with a girly twang.
Survived what crash, Lady Starra? Bbot floats closer and machines.
My body crashof my fiery feverof courseright, Bot? I cover my alien secret then giggle.
I suggest that you see a Bbot immediately, Starra. Bot hovers at edge of the bed and machines.
Later, Bot! I get an appointment that I cannot possibly miss. I grin with an evil smirk and jump, T-rex off the bed into the air then flip into a somersault as I challenge and change into my battle gear for the upcoming final bloody fight with Dirk and the really cool rescue of Rann. I sigh with victory.
Day 118. Dirks castle. Noble meeting room. Morning. I slowly be-bop in my cowgirl boots of black and pink pointy toes that match my black cotton uniform sprinkled with tiny satin bows around the sweetheart neckline and a tight tiny waist-band around my shorts as the Honor Guards attentively sit like whipped Woof puppies smelling the B.O. inside the tight Observation Room while Dirk stands in front of skimpy wooden podium.
Dirk yells. Dismissed! Then, he present duck lips, ugly and stares at me as I visually count the number of loyal rejects in Dirks pretend Army then suddenly stop three feet from Dirk since he moved into my pathway and he greets. Did you enjoy your unscheduled vacation day, Starra?
I watch the Guards exit the Throne room archway and stand in a small huddle as I address. Yeahlots of fun at the beach this time of year!
You look awful. Dirk compliments with an unfriendly gesture as I neck snap my face at him while he smiles.
I work for you. I strike and hit like a rattlesnake.
Try and get more beauty rest, Starra. Youll love pretty and feel better Dirk jokes.
Where are your solider rejects going, Dirk? I strike twice like a rattlesnake.
My warriors! My plan to find Rann and his accomplices, as soon as possible. They hide somewherethat your Tele-talents can locate, easily. Dirk subject changes. I have your undivided and unfailing loyalty, right, Starra?
Our deal, remember. I strike thrice like a rattlesnake then smile with a toothy for my internal deceptive plan because if Dirk finds himfirst, he will kill Rann permanently. And, I cant protect Rann if Im on the wrong planet. My plan! My war!
Our deal. I remember. Dirk grins too fast and words to smoothly. I sigh with surprise.
asteroid Resort. dark sky. Rain. 85% precipitation. 66F. morning. I exit my zipper soldierly standing in the pouring rain while finger pointing at the water-tight mini-bot which is another gift from King Dirk as the tiny screen shows the detailed terrain landscape and order. Captain, take a team and head south. Commander heads east, Lieutenant is heading west. Im traveling north.
Alone? Captain noses my business and spies for Dirk. I sigh with annoyance.
Do you have a problem, Captain? I pretend to give a shit and answer for him. Goodneither do I. Some of the team members snigger like sly weasels moving to their assigned paths riding in the swift air ships along the unsteady ground while I worry, angry, and watch intensively three of Dirk spies leave my eyesight. I sigh with plan.
I close my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I T-flair with Telekinesis slamming more sever lightning and loud thunder clouds due south, east and west of my position while I laugh with an evil tone of devilette then open my eyelashes and swiftly hike in my cowgirls boots towards the northern hillside. I spot the single abandoned old Casino Hotel structure beaming with their metaphysical light from their gathered auras. I note that the building appears as a loose pile of broken indigo(thats deep purplish-blue)bricks. Dangerous. There are no outside guarded sentries attending the open archways as I T-rip with Telekinesis the torn and sharply edged broken door from its unsafe hinges and fling it into the brown dirt. SWISH! I dont see any guarded sentries inside the building, either. I sigh with caution.
I gingerly step with each boot toe over each jagged pointy glass, wood, and brick single and multiple debris bits then suddenly stop and T-scan with Telepathy the open and hidden space before me and locate Rann and the nobles upstairs on the second floor. I sigh with relief.
I slo mo veer over and around the broken stairs, holstering my issued maser as ordered via Dirk and delivered into my right hand by Dirks Captain of his Honor Guard. Im the enemy and a noble, also. I hope the other nobles remember that social fact as I soldierly stand on the edge of the top step of the stairwell right before the closed door and.
I close my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I T-view with Teleclairvoyance, seeing a large banquet room with numerous food tables and lots of beverage barrels while the nobles nosily eat their lunch. I sigh with deep relief.
I quietly tap to the door frame and gingerly touch the door knob and twist it counter clock wise as the door opens. CLICK! I push the door, letting the weight swing itwide open. No one greets me.
I snail-walk through the square-shaped threshold, dancing like a ghost to other side room while I examine the damaged room of broken indigo-colored sofas, missing matching chairs, busted glass side tables, a partial built-in wooden book case with decorative ugly pictures and then beautiful mirrors of pretty me passing into the intact interior walls. No one attacks me.
My eardrums hear loud voices echo around the wall as silverware beautifully clanks against the plates and the food smell delicious to my watering taste buddies as I turn the right wall corner and see Rann, Ty, Ira, Tok, Nat, and other ally warriors sit along the long rectangular table. They laugh, talk, and eat having a good ole time without me. I sigh with disappointment.
Starra! Ty stands and names as eyeballs turn to me.
Starra. Rann smiles, stands and dashes to me.
Whats she doing here? Ira stands, pulling his maser.way too much from his utility belt as Ty viciously slaps Iras shooting hand and shakes his blonde skull sideways at the fiery general.
Rann closetly hugs me and inquires with his tomcat curiosity, whispering into my right eardrum. I have been worried. How do you feel, Starra?
How did Starra find us? Tok puzzles, sitting at his assigned seat but not enjoying his meal.
Were in danger from Dirk. Nat expresses.
Impossible. Ty announces and smirks with a set of crooked lips, right, staring at Rann and me as we bug hug like a couple of teenagers.
I trust Starra. Rann shares.
I dont. Ira buzzes with a nasty tone.
No! I fear the possible has happened as I part my lips like a dead fish, rotating my neck muscles towards the closed archway then I quickly pull back from Rann then roughly pirouette towards the wood, galloping like a horse to the edge of the hallway, viewing the dirty window of Dirk, my team, and more Honor Guards in their pressed and ironed blue wool uniforms with armed and dangerous maser hand guns and rifles. Rann and I dash back into the large banquet room and impatiently wait for death. I sigh with angry.
The heavy foot falls nosily invade the narrow opening as faint voices order then broken bricks crack along the outer doorway which is weak from the various bombings from three previous Wars in the galaxy as Rann tightly wraps both his steel biceps around my shoulders, kissing tenderly my right cheekbone, and impossibly protects me from death. I sigh with fear.
Dirk! I name.
Who else would it be? Rann comments and chuckles.
Im sorry. I softly word as Rann kisses my left cheekbone while Ty stands next to Rann. 
Ty talks. The noise of He listens. .a few hundred Royal honor guards. Rann back pedals from me as we turn and path towards the middle of the banquet room. No fast exits. This part of the casino is badly damaged where the roof tiles have collapsed over the pretty bricked patio, blocking most of the window so we are trapped. I sigh with doom.
Ira pads besides Rann, holding his maser for kill and sneering like a capture alligator. Ill handle this
I will. Rann commands, hugging me tightly into his naked chest without any weapons but wrapping both his arms around my body then kisses the top of my smelly hair as I lightly giggle with nervous energy.
Rann! Ira names.
Open the door! Dirk growls like a grouchy bear from behind the wood then orders. Break it down! CRASH! BANG!
Rann separates from me, standing alone, and facing the closed door while I dont move from the two feet behind Ranns back muscles as I that Dirk cannot hurt Rann since I wont allow it because I plan to Dirk, first. I sigh with death.
Sneering Dirk appears partly between the broken pieces of the wooden door frame then smiles as the more wood breaks and falls with gravity upon the flooring. CRASH! BOOM! The last part of door falls from frame as Royal Honor Guard of tough guy and gal sober faces surround Dirk. Dirk slo mo moves barely squeezing his tall six feet body between the broken hinges while his fluffy girly silky robes spills beyond the door into the hallway and across the broken wooden door frame as I giggle.
I recognize mostly his slavesnawhis servants since the social list highlights the faces of familiar cooks, maids, butlers, waitresses, technicians andthe limited lowly loser guards. I sigh with confusion.
Dirk violently jerks his silky purple PJs, hearing loud rips in the delicate fabric as a volume of light sniggering bombards the quiet room then he swings his body and faces Rann, smiles with a toothy smile and lies through his yellow stained toothies. Starra, good job!
Starras a spy. Tok questions, looking at me and dropping his mouth like a hunger shark.
Stang! I whisper while I unfurl and furl my folded fists then purses lips, tightly while Rann back steps to me wrapping his right bicep around my shaky shoulders. 
Starra is not. Rann defends gentlemanly my honor.
General Ira, Ambassador Ty and Marquis Tokmay I ask what you are doing to me? Dirk dramas. I find your noble behavior most embarrassing, first of all. Secondly, I declare you as worthless traitors to the Crown along with the old outlaw Rann. He declares. Thirdly, your crimes are punishable by instant death. Dirk plans to squash his un-popularity with the real nobles as boot soles nosily rustle on the flooring and masers softly rattle between five finger pads and he doesnt finish. I really do hate dictating these Royal edits. It makes me look like a monster.
You are a monster. I verify.
Starra, this is really not your fight, sweetie. Dirk reprimands and rudely finger points at me.
It is now. I growl like a wounded animal as Rann presses tightly both his empty hands around my shoulders, warning me not to reactyet.
Dirk dictates. Gentlemen, please co-operate with my orders. You.are all under arrest. You will not have a trial. I am the judge, jury, and executor of justice in my universe. ButI will announce all these charges, crimes, and convictions on Jubilation Day as part of the ready reading list informing the citizens of all updated matters. So.they will know the truth. Noble nosily rustle along the flooring.
Rann rumbles in his sexy baritone trombone to the nobles. Everyone stand down.
Starra, come here! Dirk orders and rudely finger points at an empty space beside him as Rann draws quicker than heat lightning his maser from his vest into his right shooting hand at Dirk. I swiftly push Ranns maser barrel down to the floor from Dirks face while Rann holsters it into the sheath for me.
I neck snap my curls at Dirk and sing in soft piano music. No!
Starra, youre not charged with any crimes. Dirk shares and smiles at me as I shake my curls side to side.
Im guiltybecause I want youdeadpermanently. I wish eternally and internal as well while the nobles chuckle like farm turkeys.
Starra, remember our deal? Dirk grins and grinds.
Our deal! I mistake big time.
What deal? Rann whispers into my left eardrum.
I must leave with Dirk. I kick in staring at Dirk as Rann pulls me closer into his chest.
Remember our deal, Starra. Come to me! He orders as I flip my body inside Ranns safe cuddle, facing Rann then passionately kiss his soft lips.
I surface and promise with my kiss and my secret alien talents. Youwill not be harmed. I pull away unsuccessfully while Rann jerks me closer and tightly hangs onto me with his left bicep, looking directly at Dirk as Dirk smiles for the upcoming showcase. I sigh with fear.
He sings in his baritone trombone. NO! He cares and emotions with all ranges of emotions from sadness, angry, escape, and ambition for the both of us.
Leave this to me. Ill take care of it. I promise.
No, Starra. He softly words then slices his eyeballs to Ty as Ty swiftly shuffles closer to Rann while Tys hand hides inside his Hunter green vest while my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine. 
Dont worry? I encourage and pull away to the right unsuccessfully from Ranns Teddy bear gripe.
Starra is the cause of your problems, Rann. Give her to me. Ill take care of her. Dirk shares.
Me? I mice squeaky and eye burn Dirk.
Starra is. Dirk empties as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
I T-view with Teleclairvoyance and see: Ty jerks the surprise maser from his left side jacket vest, aiming it at Dirk.
NO! I scream in piccolo music because if Dirk dies, our deal is done. The Honor Guard will direct point his maser and kill Rann purposefully. Once dead, always gone! I quickly slam a T-shield around both Rann and Ty with my extended protective T-powers.
Ty shouts. DOWN. He steps back from Rann before releasing a red maser wave so as not to harm Rann, his friends, and me since Tys truly dedicated friend for life to Rann. I sigh with loyalty.
However, Ty will die for a second time since this is his destiny in the new (fifth) time line and for the rest of the future time lines as I swiftly react and leap, kitten-like at Ty, hitting his aiming arm while the maser beautifully flies like a bird across the floor. The red wave penetrates and kills the wall so that no citizen is harmed as I T-shove with Telekinesis Ty from the impending Royal Honor Guards reacting red maser blast. Ty harmlessly plows his body into standing Rann while they both fall sliding and hugging each other like dung bugs in cow shit towards the single indigo chair as I giggle and the maser kills the tiles on the flooring. I sigh with save.
Dirk reacts with a nasty demeanor. FIRE. Not waiting for the official hangmans noose inside Game stadium, Dirk plans to kill everyonehere since the nobles are ready for battle and armed with maser. Blood bath! Ill use and abuse my T-powers against Dirk and his lowly rejects. I sigh with fury.
Not on my shift I whisper as I encircle Ty and Rann with a second protective T-bubble since they wont survive the deadly maser shots from the Royal Honor Guard units while I T-probe with Telepathy, feeling the hot wave erupt from the masers, and feel the release of heat in air before it hits a target while the masers steam and sizzle then the many waves completely miss both Ty and Rann but hits perfectly another target. I sigh with surprise.
A single stray maser shot hit me. I sigh with shock.
The red maser waves selfishly attacks my back muscles since I stand precisely in Ranns hot spot during the short dog fight exchange as the deadly beam penetrates with a solid force into my body, burning through my newly golden tanned skin that created yesterday at the pool as I smell the burned flesh and fiery hair of me. I see my clear plasma, my red blood, and more gushes of watery fluids spurt swiftly from my open wounds inside my chest cavity as I bleed rapidly.
Im on fire. My rib cage bones painfully melts into goo as my twin lungs burn into dry toast then I fall painfully on my kneecaps and tumble in Ranns open arms then twist my free fall body toward his face. My head is dizzy and my heart rate slows as my belly button burns. I taste salt and warm blood on my tongue as Rann tenderly cuddles me like a baby to his chest while his eyeballs shines with tears and his lips move in silent. I close my eyelashes feeling tired, sleepy as I float and faint into total darkness.
AgainI sit, numbingly in my assigned seat and blind, purposefully with my eyelashes closed not moving, not thinking, and not praying since I feel that Im alive and thankful for the survival.
I un-belt the cockpit seats restraints, opening my eyelashes and popping off my space suit helmet then I leap, kitten-like from the chair seeing half of a pilots chair but Im fully intact along with my long wavy gray hair as I slowly lean into the console instrument panel, studying the rough terrain. I sigh with surprise.
I see mountains on the left and a series of dead but slightly alive green trees, bushes, and foliage on the right with a dry crooked narrow vehicle path in the middle of a dead brown planet as my Tele sense ping. Everything aint fine. 
I gallop my body outside the space shuttle archway then leap, T-rex to the dirt ground and point my body at the hidden object and whisper in the air waves as my eardrums hear. A structure thats thirteen miles northeast of my position.
I lovingly scan a bright yellow sun, a pretty baby blue sky, a smooth brown soil, and blink back wet hot tears of both happiness and horror. I barely recall within my brain cells meeting a set of new people, places, planets, and palaces, since I have some dang way scientifically traveled both, space and time to visit heresix times.
Im back.as the alien. I sour my facial expression and mental thoughts, shaking gray bangs into my eyelashes.
Day 118. unknown universe. unknown planet. crash site. hot and sunny skies. 88F. afternoon. I smell the stinky smoke before the hot heat attacks my precious body as I swiftly bolt out the cockpit door, galloping towards the big hole which used to be the locked and secured hatch door then jump, T-rex into the air waves using my T-power of Telekinesis to gently float my booted feet to the brown clay as I giggle silly, creating a new quote. This aint my day. I sign with defeat.
I strip out of the heavy astronaut space suite and trot and track the fallen pieces of Earth space shuttle debris on booted foot back behind the first part of the ship some four thousand feet.(yeah, Im a ruler).it measure 4,000 feet because Im very good at mathematics as I huff and puff for two parts oxygen and one part hydrogen. I sigh with frustration.
I stop and stare as I drop my jaw line like a hunger shark upon seeing that not only is the entire cabin missing but the entire storage compartment is gone with the freaking wormhole which happens to house all the wheeled terrain vehicles for traveling around an unfamiliar planet looking for familiar shelter which I just have located on the radar screen. This aint my day. I growl like a wounded animal noting that nothin is working for me as I voice my single words like a crazy person. Can I go back to bed and start all over again? I sigh with pity.
I leap, T-rex with Telekinesis upon the jagged metal surveying closer the damaged partition since some of the steel lockers are intact but not one of them is mine as I mew. This aint my day. The upright like fresh Daisy-spring time grown lockers shows the names for Martin, Lulu, Kenya, and Gigi with bent and twisted metal like a circular staircase. I sigh with aggravation.
The weather is hot, humid, and here to stay as I scan the sun around the blue sky, not a cloud hovers over me protecting my pretty freckled face as my newly formed sweat drips down my eyebrows as I flip my wet face towards the direction of the new warehouse that locates thirteen miles in the northwest which Im going to arrive there sprinting in my hard boots as I mew. This aint my day! I sigh with toil.
I jump, T-rex using Telekinesis upon the bottom floor of the damaged ship easily avoiding the danger to my petite body but still end up carefully ripping and tearing ribbon-like strips of space suit fabric across my chest, stomach, and legs as my Tele-issued black jumpsuit barely hangs upon my exposed body parts. The warm sun feels good on the exposed skin but I cant walk around all day and all night dressed for a swimming party since Im an alien as I giggle silly who needs a new pretty neatly outfit for her alien presentation into the unknown galaxy as I giggle more silly. I sigh with purpose.
When nothing else works, use logic to borrow some one elses stuff as I snigger like a sly weasel since I cant wear mens clothes because the fabrics are too big, too tall, and too wide. I have eliminated Lulus wardrobe as well since she out weights me by hundred pounds so her garments will be too big, too wide, and too long. Gigi is a closer model being tall with thin narrow shoulders since I can wear the thin and narrow pieces of clothing as I scan the twisted wall of metal looking for her name tag as I mew. This aint my day. I see her space shuttle locker is sandwiched between Martin and Lulu. I sigh with frustration.
I T-jerk with Telekinesis the top portion of the bent metal off its hinges and fling it onto the dry clay but still cant reach the top of the locker beingtoo dang short. I sigh with annoyance.
I T-pull the bottom hinges and twist the metal until it shears off the base, tossing more debris upon the clay as I scan the locker with the name engraved Gigi at the top of the door then, I levitate each item into my open arms gathering surprisingly a first aid kit, a pistol, some black clothes, a pair of black shoes, and a pair of black slippers.
I wear a pair of.is that my bloodas I eye burn the dark spots of really maroon-colored leather on the right knee-high boot while both still live on my feet which currently are both smelly and sweaty in the hot sun and too small for Gigis black leather shoes so I select the black slippers made of a light weight soft material and mine as I sneer like an alley cat and zip my hot boots off my feet placing the soft knitted delicate slipper on my right foot which is a little big but comfortable as I toss my both boots into the open locker.
I quickly change into her black shorts and top using the sharp pointy knife I cut four inches from both garments for a better fit and cooler comfort since I can predict that the sun has shifted into the mid-afternoon making for a hotter afternoon for me. Then, I eyeball the gun, not needing it because if anything or anyone crosses me Im going to strangle him, she or it with my bare hands being in such a happy mood as I mew. This aint my day! I sigh with revenge.
I study the first aid kit but I have my T-power of Telemetabolics for any additional blooding or total healing touches for my cute body then I pitch the unused item back into the damaged locker. Then, I T-slam with Telekinesis the next closed and locked storage cabinet open while looking for more survival items as I see towels, linens, mechanic parts, and food packsnawburnt food packs. I by-passed the burnt food packs since I might get sick and throw up then suddenly stop searching, pondering inside my brain cells.
I whisper with mystery. I did this before. I shake my gray hair in my eyeballs as I examine the new packages of food and place them inside the small black bag as I discover. Water, yes, I will need plenty of this stuff. I sigh with survival.
I levitate one bottle after another until the bags filled and stuffed then violently jerk the cloth handle up to my shoulder. Heavy. I cant lift and tote the heavy backpack without using Telekinesis in the mid-day heat and sun which will drain my T-powers faster than an ordinary sunny day. I sacrifice half the bag with the full refreshing water bottles and levitate the sack to my right shoulder as I compromise and carry two bottles of water in each hand, readying for my journey. I sigh with adventure.
I step, stop, and stare at the broken big part of the space shuttle which is usually in one piece but the second portion lives up the road in a green grassy field as I mew. This aint my day. I sigh with annoyance.
I T-grade like a machine with Telekinesis the embedded chunk of metal into the earth, steering it like a sail boat down the Mississippi River.nawwrong planetdown the rough dirt road as I nosily shove it behind the first part of the ship then I create a T-shield around the entire pile of metal trash. I sigh with work.
I truck three miles then stop, using T-eye sight of Teleclairvoyance and watch the trash heap then firmly tap the detonator button seeing an array of blue fire, yellow sparks, and flaming eruptions soar like a batch of dead birdies into the clear blue skies. Good luck to anyone trying to find one piece of evidence of a space ship from Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy left by a teen alien as I giggle silly.
My T-shield brilliantly contains the immediate explosion around the metal, equipment, and parts of ship guaranteeing one big goo patty of white metal. To finish my baking job, I toss a pile of fresh brown dirt on top covering and hiding the old damaged ship from one or two naked eyes requiring a delicate finely tuned Earth instrument detecting the disguised heap. I sigh with happiness.
I start my long hike tossing the heavy and full black bag across my small shoulders as I pour one bottle of water over my pretty skull, letting the warm water drip down my shoulders, soaking the shirt and shorts strolling thirteen miles to the abandoned warehouse singing sour notes with my voice. I sigh with music.
Warehouse. more hot and more sunny day. 103F. afternoon. I quickly touch the metal door knob as I see vivid colors and hear vibrant music and I flash back mentally.
I am Starra Starbuck of five feet and one inch, weighing in at 95 pounds and one ounce with waist-length silver wavy hair, a triangle face, a pair of small gray eyes, a pointy nose, two high cheekbones, and a single cliff chin wrapping in golden tawny skin. I decorate with lots of golden brownish freckles of 17 years old being a farm administrator on Earth and have been drafted by Peter Martin. I travel in the first Intergalactic outer space trip to a new planet within a new galaxy. using my Tele-paranormal gifts of Telepathy, Telekinesis, Telemetabolics, and Teleclairvoyance. I have some dang way survived, alone, as an alien princess.
Time warped alien line #1, I am Lady Starra.
Time warped alien line #2, I am Commander Starra.
Time warped alien line #3, I am Bodyguard Starra.
Time warped alien line #4, I am Waitress Starra.
Time warped alien line #5, I am Warrior Starra.
Time warped alien line #6, I am Alien Starra.
I blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice as I recall clearly each previous alien time line then twist the door knob as the door silently opens and I slowly pad into the cold air conditioning of an empty room, dripping in heavy perspiration from my curls to my toes with my hair flattened against my forehead, back muscles, and collar bones down to my fanny. I sigh with un-comfort.
I have jogged thirteen miles in three hours thats Earth time since theres 60 minutes in an hour which is 180 minutes so I have jogged 13.84 miles-per-hour while eating the two packs of food in the first hour as I downed my limited water supply by the second hour in the hot sunshine then the third hour I was living on a prayeras humans like to say as I scan my new home and smile.
This is so nice. I mew, feeling the cold air drying my sweaty body and seeing the food upon the clean counter and water in a clear glass pitch that all looks inviting and refreshing as I slowly stumble to the Bar counter then quickly gulp mouthfuls of water straight from the ice cold wet side of the glass decanter since Im a rude and crude alien as I snigger like a sly weasel between air breathes and water drownings. I sigh with happiness.
Who are you? An alto saxophone voice attacks with a pale rough face as she wears a neatly pressed and ironed Blue Uniform with a yellow sash as my Tele senses ping. Everythings fine.
I recognize the Militia guard uniform which is from the Kings Army who isnt pointing a maser, or dagger, or any other pointy deadly object at my healthy heart. I sigh with shock.
Give her an answer. My Tele senses ping and I open my mouth as water falls to the floor. A Bonitian. I word with a sweet smile on my sweaty face.
Real cute. Female Blue Uniform frowns with a set of twisted lips, ugly as she sarcastically compliments me.
Thank you! I am cute. I giggle silly and smile with a bigger grin.
Wheres your uniform? She inquires and eye scans my dirty clothes.
At the cleaners I fill and note that she doesnt chuckle at my great Earth joke.
Which side do you root for? She inquires with her kitty-cat mystery.
The dark side! I mystery back and note that she doesnt vocally comment at my second great Earth joke as I subject change. The light side? I twist my lips, ugly as she still doesnt vocally comment only continues to stare her half-closed eyeballs into my golden freckles with a sour expression on her rough face then I propose with a slick grin. Is this a trick question?
Whos she? Male Blue Uniform pads his boot toes beside the female Blue Uniform.
A problem. Female Blue Uniform muses as she grins at me.
I beg your pardon. I whine and purse my lips, tightly.
Get onto the bus with the rest of the animals before I use my maser. Female Blue Uniform orders as her index finger direct points out the entrance door of the occupied warehouse.
I stroll to the bus, getting in line with the other citizens as I push and shove my body onto the crowded ship which is a passenger ship that holds fifty seats and seventy pieces of luggage while I grab the first unoccupied seat and belt in for the long ride to the zoo, or the prison, or where to some place as I mew. This aint my day! I lean my back muscles and wiggly my bee_hind into the padded seat, closing my eyelashes, hearing with my eardrums the constant chatting, laughing, and giggling many, many juvenile boys and girls.
Commerce. unknown king. Auditorium. sunny sky. 81F. afternoon. I exit the ship with the other citizens, or prisoners, orwhatever as I ponder the familiar planet named Commerceyall know.as I tell my sub-conscious maybe in the next time line, I can land directly on Planet Commerce since I always end up here on Planet Commerce, saving me the trouble of getting into trouble on Planet Commerce as I giggle silly. I sigh with humor.
I pad into the familiar orange auditorium inside the familiar red building on familiar Commerce by the un-familiar and new set of big ugly and rude Royal Honor Guard units with the single satin purple sash wrapped around their neatly pressed and ironed blue uniforms as I sit in the first unoccupied seat within the crowded room. I sigh with boredom.
Trumpets toot soundly as drum head rolls and a tall figure mysteriously appears from behind a set of dark purple curtains, walking silently to the podium as the tenor saxophone blasts. WelcomeI am your king. Dirk is ruler of the universe. I sigh with fear.
This is not my day! I mew as I flash back mentally into the fifth time line when Dirk was king during the Royal Carnival, got me in major trouble with Rann and then I didnt get married or finish that alien time line.
Congratulations on your recent graduation from Uni. I commend each and every one of you for attending and completing you work and school activities. Dirk drones as the students nosily clap with hands and feet while Dirk continues in his dull monotone tenor saxophone. I guess youre wondering what youre doing here. Youll be tested and assigned jobs in my kingdom throughout the various planets based on your examination scores.
Weird! In the previous alien time lineswhich I have been completely messed upwhich is beside the good point.the citizens birthed and died on oneas in singleworld with no travel plans allowing for any type of career promotion to a different planet as I survey slicing my eyeballs at the citizens who look like young kids and are smiling and nodding their skulls at Dirks command. I sigh with puzzlement.
Get this! Im a classified as a student.too which means that I get employment for currs, shelter, and food instead of charity or jail and believe me, Ive experienced both sometimes and at the some time. I sigh with victory.
The beginning of your journey will start on the planet of Agri with the fitting of your new uniform. Dirk orders as the student cheer like wild animals while I roller ball my pupils deeply into the rear of my curls. I sigh with adventure.
Planet Agri. property of Ambassador Ty. clothes store. sunny sky. 75F. afternoon. I want to design my own uniform. I command to Male Clerk behind the clothing counter who issues the uniforms and matching stuff on the pressed and ironed blue uniform.
What color would you like? Male Clerk pleasantly smiles at me while asking the nice question.
I prefer gray to match my hair. I smart-hole as I touch the curly tip of long gray locks and smile brightly.
Well, youre lucky, young miss. We have blue to matchnothing. He teases then chuckles in a rude husky tone as I purse my lips, tightly and survey the rack of jackets, shirts, skirts, and the colored sashes hanging like a row of dead fish along the wall panel which represents the native colors of the different noble houses. Im not a noble, not a relative of Dirkand not at native of Bonita so I think. Think slow! Think slower!
Here you go. Male Clerk hands off a blue uniform and a purple sash to me.
I dont really want a purple sash. Can I have a white one? I rudely finger point at the object and inquire sweetly.
Every one gets purple if you names not on the list. Male Clerk eyeballs the mini-bot without my name since Im an alien from Planet Earth as I glance and study the end of the rainbow wall.
Can I have the pink one over there? I shift my finger pad to the isolated object and suggest.
Pink? Male Clerk repeats as he neck snaps his skull to the isolated sash.
The dye was cast with inappropriate measure of chemicals. It ruined the sash. Female Clerk scientifically explains tapping on her mini-bot as I bat my black eyelashes at the man. 
I plead sweetly to the Male Clerk. Please, pink is closely related to purple. Its a lower hue of color.
What did she say? Male clerk asks staring at Female Clerk.
I dont know. Give her the sash! Female Clerk decides while working on the mini-bot, ignoring the complaining kids.
Move along. Male Clerk hands off the pink sash along with his hand motion as I move towards the end of the clothing counter, following the line of warriorsnawstudents to the next booth which hold shoes and boots as I stand in line waiting my turn.
I smile, bending over the Shoe Counter searching for my favorite pair of boots as the cute Male Clerk slides from my left side then smiles brightly and winks his eyelid, left at me and offers. Thigh-high boots for the pretty lady that matches your long legs and Navy blue uniform. I accept the soft Navy blue leather boots as I quickly note Female Clerk on my right holds in the air a cute pair of cowgirl boots that paints in black python skin along the leg inlays down to towards the ankle crease which then colors in hot pink of another animal skin as I swoon with instant love. I finger point at the cowgirl boots while the Male Clerk follows my index finger.
I ask permission like a good cowgirl. May I have them pair of cute cow boots, too? Male Clerk smiles brightly and winks his eyelid, right at me as he slo mo moves towards the air-borne cowgirl boots then Female Clerk swiftly dumps both the two boots into the single yellow acid chemical barrel beside the doorway as I watch the pretty boots burn in the hot oil and smoke like Indian signals in the colors of red, white, and black steam then she looks at my face as I snarl like a captured alligator and name call lovely. Bitch.
King Dirks orders. Female Clerk smiles and replies. It doesnt conform.
Bastard. I sing in my new low register of bass flute roughly pivoting towards the end of the line heading to the Food Counter since Im hungry. I load different types of smelly-good items onto my tray and find an empty seat at one of the chow tables with the warriorsnaw.students listening to their un- interesting conversations.
Im going to work on a farm, here. Male student exclaims then eats like an Agri pig.
Female student counters. I dont know. I heard it is tough working with the Business Associates. Then, she silently slurps her beverage like a nice Southern belle.
Male student wipes his mouth with his hand and talks. I like to plant. I had a garden growing up. I dont want their hospitality. I want their knowledge.
Good luck! Female student quotes as she dives into her food.
Once I meet with Rann, hell approve. Male student plots.
Thats a smart idea. Rannll protect you from the evil Business Associates. Female student observes and nods her skull then eats more of her food.
If you pass the tests? Male student #2 questions as he chuckles.
Im going to be a teacher on Uni. Female student #2 voices.
A nurse on Bio. Male student #3 shares as the sweet voices scurry around the table.
What are you to going to be? Female student #3 turns her face, asking me.
Married? I word then dive into the tasty apple and walnut fruit salad.
Who are you? Female student #2 inquires as she screws those eyebrows, ugly at me.
She was on the transport with us from Bonita. Male student #2 observes as he studiously stares at me.
I subject change to annoy as I scan the fresh and pimpled faces of youth. Why are yall not full filling your destiny like your parents?
Its the kings decree. Male student #1 updates.
It is. I question as I twist my lips, ugly, missing that part of the Dirks lecture this morning since only single thought is killing him and marrying Rann as I giggle that I have mentally created two thoughts. I sigh with true love.
We have to be tested and accepted by our peers to get good jobs and earn great currs. Female student #3 explains.
I want my peer supervisor to be Rann. He approves every job for every new intern. Male student #1 clarifies as he smiles with a bright grin.
Me, too! Female student #2 agrees and nods her skull at the approval.
Andif youre smart, loyal, and ambitious, hell promote you with more currs for your good performance. Male student #1 expresses.
If you didnt get Rann? Male student #2 proposes with a big grin.
Youre destined to be in the Kings service and paid at the lowest scale possible. Female student #1 drops her soprano down to a baritone as the children giggle like farm turkeys.
Rann encourages competition among the workers based on age experience and results. Male student #1 shares.
And youre invited to the parties on the weekends on Resort. Female student #2 updates as she smiles.
What parties? I ask with twisted lips, ugly.
Are you that clueless? Female student #1 inquires as she screws her eyebrows, ugly.
What planet are you from again? Male student #1 inquires as he stares at me.
Bonita. I meekly remark without musical fan fare.
I dont know citizens still lived on that dead world. Male student #2 jokes as he chuckles along with the other little monsters at me. I sigh with revenge.
One, or twoI make up half the population. I comment in my new bass flute as I watch the kids for any vocal or visual reaction for.1 second.2 seconds3 seconds.
Female student #1 adds. Rann invites citizens who have been promoted or earning high earnings on Jubilation Day to his personal celebration.
What about the War? I ask about something I do know about.
As long as Ranns winning, who cares? Male student #1 talks and smiles as he hand slaps his right open palm against his buddys bicep while they both giggle like farm turkeys.
Whose side did you root for, honey? Female student #1 inquires then eats as the repetitive proper noun of Ranns name surround the table except for me then the female student flips her face to me and asks. What side are you for, stranger?
The dark side. I giggle while I note the-tough-crowd of silent younglings and then add for humor. Its a joke. I note that the-tough-crowd of silent younglings and then add. Its a very old joke. I snigger like a sly weasel, roller balling my pupils into the rear of my curls then finish my lunch.
Agri. property of Ambassador Ty. weapons class. sunny sky. 85F. afternoon. After all the good tasting food of lunch, I highly desire a short cat nap but instead I stroll to the edge of the greenly wooded forest along the with Agri Pine smelling forests, wearing a hot itchy wool blue long sleeved uniform with a prettily pink sash as I suddenly stop and silently read the homemade sign that paints in Hunter green letters: WEAPONS TRAINING.
I stand in line like an assembly car part in the humid weather and sweat like a plantation pig in my new outfit as I mew. This aint my day. I sigh with annoyance.
Hands push me forward as I hear the male instructor in the blue ironed and pressed uniform instruct. Youll receive stars based on your performance. Red is for bad. Yellow is for repeat. Green is for good.
Green for go, yellow for cautious, and red for stop. I mumbleway too much then snigger.
SHHH!? Female student #1 sounds behind my bee_hind.
I thought yall learned to shoot a weapon on Uni as well as flying a star ship. I pretend to be a good Uni graduate. I sigh with irritation.
SHHH! Female student #2 sounds for a second time behind me.
A gold star is for exceptional performance. Male instructor voices in baritone trombone.
I feel like a kindergarten. I mumbleway too much.
SHHH!  Im trying to listen to the instructions. Female kid #1 hums before me.
Its real simple hit the target then ya win a gold star. I correct as I giggle silly.
No one gets gold stars. Male kid #1 advises.
Why not? I flip my face and long hair with my finger pads to him, inquiring with my kitty-cat curiosity.
No one is exceptional. Male kid arrogants.
O! Pleassssse! I sound as I observe the warriornaw..kid in front of me as the Male kid aims the maser, pressing the black button while his range of red waves hit the ground 400 feet short of the closest mark.
See. Male kid #2 bad breathes into my right ear.
NEXT! Male instructor yells at me as I step to the display table, containing all the different types of maser weapons as I scan each weapon consisting of blue stunner; yellow color for a first degree burn, green tint for a second degree burn or a red light for the disintegration mode so I select a red maser just for fun as I giggle silly.
See if you can hit the 500 feet mark, little girl. Male instructor bullies me then laughs in my freckles as I present a set of dead pan straight pin lips.
Little girl! I huff musically. I sigh with confidence.
There are three targets located at 2,000 feet, 2,500 feet, and 3,000 feet apart within my acute eyesight as I lift a second maser into my left hand then bounce the ray from each maser hitting all three targets and cleaning 300 feet of green and yellow knee-high weeds on the each side of the targets beyond the field marks simultaneously as the Male instructor watches the grass burn to gray ashes. Do I get a gold star? I ask, holding my right open palm as the Male instructor hands off a gold star for my exceptional weapon training then I paste it to my pink sash as I giggle just for fun. I sigh with pride.
Day 119. Tech World. property of Viscountess Rita. bot room. dark blue sky. Rain. 64% precipitation. 68F. morning. My second day of military trainingnawemployment testing is bot programming on Planet Tech. This is actually my first visit to the bot machine world as I gleam the clean hallways of silver with smells of sulfur and acids, burning metals, and soldering equipment partials dancing inside my sensitive flesh lining the inside of my biological nostrils. Ya know, I believe this place is really dangerous for any touring visitors. I sigh with intrigue.
My classmates selects their random chairs, sitting calmly at the long parallel tables as a tall Female Tech pads from a gray side door then stands at the edge of the teachers desk, bellowing. If any one cares to wander, go aheadtheres more security here than in the Kings bed chamber. The kids laugh at the funny joke then she continues like a comedian. Personally, I dont like babysitting a bunch of snotted nose punks wanting to be warriors for the next three days. So, do me a favor and disappear?
Sheis really a nice gal. Female student #2 remarks.
I neck snap my curls to her face, screwing my eyebrows, ugly and remark nasty in bass flute. On what day?
You have one hour to set up the functioning app to perform the following command listed inside your bot assignment book. Female instructor talks.
This is boring. Why do I care? I mumbleway too much.
Some of us take our careers very serious. Were doing our duty and serving our King. Female kid #1 lectures.
Who happens to be our king this year? I forget. I smart-hole and then chuckle as some of the kids snort with laughter while the female kid #1 distorts her face really ugly at me while I wish for that lip snarl to remain permanently attached to her left nostril hole as I giggle silly. Yall knowthis is my sixth alien time line here and Ive been ruled by King Rex, King Bartholomew, President Rann, Prince Rann, King Dirk andagain by King Dirk.
Dirk has been King for a long time. Where have you been? Male student #2 asks.
Great! I cant seem to kill this guy. I mumbleway too loudly since Im been trying to kill this man-monster from the first alien time line in which I have failed each and every dang time that I attempt any action then I mumble softly. Maybe, Ill get lucky in this time line. Female kid #1 stares at me then I lie honestly. Im joking, darling. Haha.hahaha. I sigh with annoyance.
I flip my face to the silent metal body while reading the mini-bot instructions for the assigned bot test as I view the big silver robot standing by my little silver chair which is deactivated awaiting my highly skilled bot programming magic. The only two requirements are a) the time limit and b) the thing has to speak one line within its primary function as I stare at Bbot which is a short word.(I like short word or no words or maybe just kisses).for a biomedical robots which are used in the healthcare field to assess clinical sick patients and offer medical treatment protocols for the injured or dying citizens.
Make it talk! I remind my brain cells then I flip the black switch to power the unit to on as the comlen (TV screen) reads FUNCTIONING then, I demand to the Bbot as I snigger like a sly weasel. Medical condition, me?
Your medical condition at the moment presents with excellent vital signs and no injuries. Bbot machines with a synthesized voice in a non-sexy alto clarinet being a girl bot I guess as I snarl at the metal.
Thats it. I stump as I stare at the un-emotional object.
The statement does not compute. Bbot machines in alto clarinet.
Itdoes not have a personality, either. I stump and stare more deeply at the girl bot.
The statement does not compute. Bbot machines.
Bbot, change your tone. I order.
The statement does not compute. The synthesized voice box drops to an alto baritone sound.
Change tone. I instruct.
The statement does not compute. Bbot machines in flute soprano. I sigh with frustration.
Youre not following the directions. You must type some thing into the bot to add or change its functional logic. Female kid #1 gives good advice. I sigh with annoyances.
I begin typing my new message into the robots mainframe as I snicker like a slick fox with my brilliant idea then Female Tech yells. The test is over. Close the service doors to your bots! Power down the units! Lets see if you can get a red star from me. Female Tech waves her left hand then finger points her ugly unpolished index finger nail and pronouns. You.
Me! I mice squeak, staring at her.
Yes, you. She pronouns, again.
I have a name. I correct, twisting my lips, ugly.
I dont care. She rudely remarks, motioning with her hand towards the black board in class as I slowly stand and re-activate Bbot who is my new metal friend as It and I walk to the front of the class room and center staging in the middle of the large room.
I turn my face and order to the robot. Bbot, what is my medical condition?
Your medical condition at the moment presents with excellent vital signs and no injuries to your body. You will live with a nice touch of tender loving care. Bbot machines in alto clarinet as the students giggle at my brilliant bot programming while I smile and stand like a royal princess.
Female Tech glances at her seating chart marking something on the data pad then to my pretty face and challenges. You added the line. You will live with a nice touch of tender loving care..
Yeah! Clever, isnt it? I smart-hole.
She doesnt smirk or smile but words un-emotionally. You are dying?
I neck snap my curls and shoot off my command. Bbot, I have the Sickness.
You will die. We are so sorry to see your go. Bbot machines in alto clarinet as the class rips with loud volumes of hooting like barn owls and clapping like sea lions for me and Bbot as I grin and giggle than wave like a teen to my new set of fun-fans. I sigh with brilliance.
Female Tech still doesnt smirk or smile, just asks. What about in-between? I sigh with annoyance.
I ponder the stupid inquiry then smile and word to her ugly face. In-between living and dying isDirk. The class hollers with ear-piercing volumes of laughter, hooting, and clapping for my genius response. I sigh with VG.
You receive a gold star for creativity. Why dont you wander the factory for a few minutes today? Female Tech orders as the class laughs watching me paste a second golden star to my pink sash. I sigh with victory.
Space station Militia. property of General Ira. cold dark outer space. minus 1000F. afternoon. This class is called the zipper ship testing. Every child must graduate Uni with a set of rudimentary flying skills. I am your.expert zipper instructor. I.will be evaluating your flight in this modified zipper ship given to me by King Dirk for being an expert zipper instructor. As you can see, the weapons are missing. The seats are configured for one pilot and one passenger, which will be me. Iwill assign a star for each one of you based on your initial performance of star ship flying. Who will be my first failure, today? Dont be shy! This is not a quiz. If you fail, which you will, youre not going to be sent to the gallows. I promise. Whos first to feel my wrath? Hmm! Male zipper instructor insults as I twist my lips, ugly. I sigh with revenge.
No one volunteers after his intimidating first person speech as I scan with eyelashes the room filled with a set of young faces and younger inexperienced lives, pondering if this guy wants to truly intimidate a citizen. Yall know.I believe he needs a lesson from the masternawthe mistress in this special post education case as I snicker like a slick fox then grin with a wicked smile showing a pearly set of white teeth. I sigh with lesson.
I will. I sing in my cute piccolo music and raise my arm then raise my upright body from the assigned chair as he finger points to the modified zipper on the ledge outside our class platform docked onto the space station as I quickly scoot into the pilots seat, eye burning the familiar gears.
He finger points first at the basic instrument and explains. The button isthere on your right to begin. Can you see it? Are you blind? Does your stomach ache? You can press the green button if youre afraid. Start the engine.if you dare, failure!
Yes, sir. I calmly word firmly pressing the start button as the zipper engines roar to life.
If youre not feeling too intimidated you can ease the control handle forward just a tiny tad. The ship will lift from the concrete edge of the platform by six inchesif you dare, failure. He orders as he finger points five digits into the cold black stars.
Away we go! I yell inside the zipper cockpit as I jerk the joystick forward then we rapidly soar off the platform as I release the joystick then we scary drop into a free fall form for1 second2 secondsfalling thirteen outer space pretty mathematical feet when the cold engines accidentally stall from the lack of engine power as I giggle with a girly twang. I sigh with pleasure.
Using my first T-zap of Telekinesis, I had shut the button off so the power would die then using my second T-flair of Telekinesis I lift the dropping ship up into the outer space as I giggle then we.threeme, him, and zipper soar like an eagle at a 45 degree angle heading directly straight into the Wall as the zipper instructor clutches his chest with both his hands from a single digit gravity force that the ship has delivered to his biological system. I sigh with satisfaction.
Strap in, professor! This rides going to get a little bumpy. I neck snap with my curls at him as he watches the view screen fill with a thick part of outer space debris from the Wall.
No! O! No! Not the  He empties incompletely as we plume like a feathered ink pen onto the flat paper for writing something scary then I repeat the scary maneuver while the zipper instructor nosily slumbers for a few minutes until we reach Militia station.
Then, I add a gold star to my pink sash since Ive accumulated three of these little things which isnt so hard. I flash back mentally on Earth when I remembered my Tele Training in the Dall-Tex biosphere on Earth. That was hard. I flash back mentally to the first alien time line when I was tested by Lady Rosa in her deadly training program at her castle on Bonita. That was hard. I flash present thinking these school tests are really easy. I sigh with accomplishment.
Day 120. Commerce. property of King Dirk. Auditorium. partly cloudy sky. 69F. morning. I have rested well during last nights evening in a real bed on the Militia space station along with the other younguns as I present to the next student session in my wrinkled and sweaty wool suit for a test of my superior skills. You receive a red star. Militia officer #1 awards the red geometric hard metal to me.
Whats this? I ask while screwing my eyebrows, ugly and not accepting the pre-offered fabric red star.
For being bad at physical fitness Militia Officer shares as the class sounds with loud owl hoots and hyena laughs with him at me while I grit my perfect set of white molars. I sigh with pain.
I react, whining like I stomped my new right thigh-high boot in cat shit. Ya didnt test me properly. How do you know I deserve a bad rating?
Youre short and slim. He observes with his eyeballs from my hair roots to my new boot toes as he comments and chuckles as I stomp my right boot parking my folded fists upon my waistline.
Thats it! You based my skills on the first impression of my looks. I comment with angry in my new bass flute timbre.
If I based it on your looks, dollId have rated you dangerous. Militia officer #1 updates then howls along with the other Militia officers and warrior-kids at me.
Thats not fair! I yell while stomping my both my boots like a mad plantation cow.
NEXT! Militia officer #1 shouts over me.
Wait! I want a real test. I demand folding the long sleeves over my jacket, staring a set of invisible fireballs at the officer.
Ok, doll Militia officer agrees and smiles as he rotates his neck muscles to his buddy.
My name is Starra. I correct.
Tell you what, doll! If ya can throw me, Ill grade your performance with any star but the color red. He proposes with a wickedly grin.
How far? I ask as I smirk with a deep dark secret. I sigh with goodness.
How far? He repeats my words as he screws his eyebrows, ugly.
How far to toss your big I empty and rudely thumb with a folded fist at the distance wall.
Watch it, doll, he warns.
Large body I need standards to measure against sos I can try for a gold star. I dictate like a royal princess while the officers and students laugh without me.
Ill give you a yellow star to the display case(finger points at weapons displayed in the glass case on the east wall) a green star to the Noble skybox suites and a gold star to the stage. Militia officer details.
Where Dirk sits? I neck snap my curls to the purple stage as I smirk with a deep dark secret. I sigh with alien.
His Majestys Royal stage. He nods his skull at me as he smiles with a perfect set of white teeth.
I can do that. I bob my curls up and down like a farm pony with my deep dark secret. I sigh with badness.
Are you ready, doll? Militia officer judges as he shifts his tallness around the table, standing six feet plus in front of me.
Yeah, Im ready. I comment as I squat low with my bent knees then I leap, kitten-like at the man whos big and heavy in both height and weight compared to petite and thin me which is an equal opponent for my secret talent as I grin with wickedly white smile. I sigh with alien.
I T-grab with Telekinesis his left arm firmly, jerking his entire body off the floor like a UFO twirling him three times in the air currents and I swiftly release the rude and crude male as he sails across the auditorium like a soaring big bird in beautiful flight while smirk and his buddies drop their jaw lines like a team of hungry sharks as he safely lands with T-flair of Telekinesis in the middle of the purple stage as I giggle with a girly twang. THUMP! I sigh with revenge.
What? Militia officer #2 drops his jaw and remarks with bugging eyeballs at me.
How did she? Militia officer #3 comments as he rudely finger points at unconscious but healthy Militia officer #1 who lies on his stomach as I giggle not hearing any thunderous hand clapping within my normal eardrums. Too bad! I did an excellent job pitching that ill-mannered large bucket of lard to the front part of the auditorium as I giggle extending my right open palm for my prize.
I order.  My gold star please.
Here you are, Starra. Militia officer #2 hands off a star as I paste the fourth gold to my pink sash. I sigh with satisfaction.
Space station Bio. property of Marquis Tok. cold dark outer space. minus 1000F. afternoon. Welcome to First Aid class. Physician greets with a toothy smile and a warm voice as I ponder that my T-power of Telemetabolics or the short words of healing touch to repair my body or any one elses body thats if.I feel like being merciful as I snort like a wild boar. I sigh with boredom.
Since everyone has read and studied Chapters one through twelve from the first aid manual last night I will be asking for volunteers to assist me with a few standard medical treatments and the associated protocol demonstrations on a life-like dummies located on the tables behind me. Physician addresses as she rudely finger points and walks toward the first row of pretend wounded patients then the physician squeezes one of its dead fake arm, making it squeal much like a farm plantation pig in constant pain as I snort with laughter while my class mates stare at me.
Its funnyI mean its sick. I continue to giggle as less eyeballs stare at me turning to stare at Physician.
The mannequin is injured and complaining of abdominal pain. What do you do? Physician quizzes.
Call Bbot! Someone jokes while hyena laughter hurdles loudly from the class except for the Physician.
Wrong answer. Physician does not amuse, folding her white lab sleeves over her lab jacket as she finger points at the first kid in the first row. You, your answer to my posed medical question.
Uh Male student #1 grunts like a plantation pig then his eyeballs search the mini-bot upon his desk as Physician two-steps to the second kid in the front row.
I dont know. Female student #1 comment, while jerking the mini-bot into her face looking for an answer.
You. Physician finger points at the third kid in the first row.
ME! I mice squeak since Im the third kidnaw.third teen in the first row. Thank goodness! I can provide her with the correct answer as I slowly stand and slo mo walk to the loud obnoxious squeaking fake injured pretend patient on the real cold steel examination table. I sigh with annoyance.
I quickly draw my maser and rapidly shoot the mannequin in the chest cavity then low squeaking turns into a high pitched bell chime and then it suddenly stops as I slowly holster my maser into my hip pouch while I elegantly body spin to face the Physician and state without emotion. Kill it. Class mates roar with owl hoots, bird whistles, and sea lion claps with total entertainment amusement. I sigh with beauty.
Physician present duck lips, ugly then orders to me. Ill give you a gold star only if youll leave my class, immediately.
Done! I grin with a perfect set of white teeth as I accept a gold star and exit the First Aid classroom on Bio, giggling with delight, and completing my test and plot to spend the rest of the day in the bright sun working on my fading suntan at the Hotels swimming pool when I slide my boot toes to the right side of the wide hallway. The two sumo wrestles wears each an ironed and pressed blue uniform with a satin purple sash that decorates with lots of little tiny pins as they suddenly decide to block my path.
The left Militia officer voices in a deep baritone tuba. You have been requested by King Dirk for an audience in his private chamber on Commerce.
Dirks castle. afternoon. I pad behind the soldiers as I witness Dirk lounging inside a deep purple velveteen chair sitting beside the long eight-feet Oak wooden office desk on the west side of the Throne Room playing with an instrument as he slowly stands, padding to the desk and waving his right hand like a flag for my escorts to leave the Throne Room.
I walk to the edge of the desk, staring into his facewell, actually.Im very short at five feet and Dirk is six feet tall therefore, I stare into his chest as he stares over my curls then he slices his eyeballs down into my freckles while I cut my eyelashes into his ugly face.
Dirk bad breathes. I know who you are. I know your strengths and your weaknesses. You can use your talents to aid me, if you choose that path. You are with me, or against me. These are the only choices for you. You have three seconds to tell me your decision, or I will stab my dagger straight into your heart. He lovely sneer like a junk yard dog and I smile sweetly.
Im your girl, sire. I word like a bolt of fast lighting then giggle silly.
Good answer, Starra. Dirk smiles at me.
Good answer, Starra I whisper like delicate butterflys wings as my palms sweat and my stomach flops as Dirk swings his tallness around, walking his boots into a set of double wooden doors without injury since he opened both of them that leads into the eastern sky of new upper level Throne Room as his right hand motions me forward while my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
Dirk steps into the dying red blaring sunset onto the brick patio surrounded by a cloudless blue sky as I sexy waltz beside his tall statue as we both glare and stare at the gathered citizens. They are gathered below the sixth balcony in the ugly dead yellow weeds of a courtyard filled with dead gray flowers and dying rows of short brown thorny bushes inside the grounds of his Royal castle then Dirk blasts. I have an announcement. I want to introduce the Commanderof my troops for the upcoming War. The fourteen.(yeah, I can count passed ten).citizens cheer that sounds like peep squeaks of mice hiding in the corn field from the hungry tomcat as I snort like a wild-ass boar.
War, again. Each citizens wears a dull faded bluish uniform with varied patterns of colored satin sashes as I T-see with Teleclairvoyance tiny pins on the really worn and patched fabrics but no familiar faces among the fourteen folks as Dirk holds upright his right hand as the mice squeaks suddenly cease then the small army turns their faces and bodies in the opposite direction, slo mo wandering back down the bright yellow cobblestone street. Dirk soldierly pivots from the balcony, walking inside the new Throne Room as I follow two steps behind him.
I annoy, twisting my lips, ugly. Are you going to clue me in on whom were fighting ordo I kill everyone within my gray eyesight just for fun? I hear Dirks snort with laughter since Im a funny girl and should be an entertainer instead of a commander. I sigh with nervousness.
Dirk positions his lanky body into the oversized Throne chair while I stand, folding my long sleeves over my new Navy blue jacket then he comments in mystery words as usual that I have to decrypt and encrypt for the answer. I missed your witty Earth jesting, Starra.
I swiftly inquire with kitty-cat curiosity bobbing my curls until dizziness present in my two eyeballs while he stands and moves towards the instrument. Exactly.how long have I been gone in your metaphysical world, Dirk? Dirk busies adjusting the dual controls on the telescope as I inquire. What are you doing?
Spying on the enemy. He answers which gets my undivided attention.
Can I see the enemy with that thing? I ask and rudely finger point at the telescope.
Its not an ordinary telescope used by Earthlings. The cylinder is hooked to a rotating satellite located at the Wall. The images are a bit scratchy but clear enough to see active citizens and destroyed buildings. Do you care to view them? Dirk asks, answering some of my numerous questions.
Yeah! Id like to look at the white of their eyes before I kill em. I muse as I prance like a pony to the single telescope while Dirk uprights from the Throne chair.
He chuckles then asks. Thats an amusing statement. I might borrow it some time for one of my speeches.
Be my guest. I remark, turning the round dial on the telescope and re-adjusting the eye piece on the screen, noting that Dirk is accurate. The foto is fuzzy but if I adjust my eyeballs just right I see tiny figures. I sigh with purpose.
What do you see? He inquires, staring at me.
I can make out a buildingbadly burned and mostly destroyed. The structure is indigo in color and the top five stories are gone but the middle sections intact with some slightly body movement. I can see hundreds of citizens ranging from children to adults. I describe in detail. I sigh with interest.
What else? He asks, staring at me.
The ground is docked with flying transportsmaybe unloading supplies. I see food stuffs and weapons. Is this the headquarters building? I ask as I twist and whirl the telescope lens in a better view of the building on asteroid Resort. I sigh with intrigue.
Maybe, Im not certain. I receive poor Intel. Im expecting you to help in that area, Commander. He dictates with a chuckle.
You demand too much, Dirk. I counter as I laugh obnoxiously with no go on my cooperation even if I am the commander of commands. I sigh with laziness.
I demand a lot, Starra. He pitches.
Wait! Im seeing details of faces. I re-focus the lens with a sharper image.
You can. Who are they? He intrigues with a slight smirk as I rapidly upright my petiteness from the telescope then slowly stand my body from the chair and quickly swing my angry face at Dirk with a set of invisible fire balls coming metaphorically from my X-ray vision within my gray eyes.
I sing in piccolo music. Rannalong with Ira, Ty, and Tok. Dirks chuckles and nods his skull at me as he moves to the Throne chair.
Now, you know the enemy. I believe youll recognize the whites of their eyes before ya kill em, Starra. He chuckles like a silly clown and asks. Did Is get it right there, little cowgirl? He roars with jungle cat laughter slapping both his palms to the arm rest and grinning at me as I completely I understand that Im fighting for the wrong side. I sigh with disgust.
I dont understand, Dirk. Why cant you leave them alone? They reside on a blown up planet that you dont want to control. I argue with right logic, moving to sit in front of the Throne desk in one of two oversized purple leather velveteen chair, touching the soft fabric with my left hand.
You are most mistaken, Starra. I want to control everythingand everyone. He decrees like a mad man.
Onlyif you can defeat Rann. I sting like a bee then chuckle like a sea lion and add with bite like a mosquito. I doubt very seriously you can accomplish that task. I giggle silly, grinning and slapping both palms to the soft material on the chair. I sigh with purpose.
Not without your help. He proposes.
I doubt that, too. Anyhow, if by chance I empty.
By chance Dirk cuts into my insult.
When he defeats youand knowing Rann like I do, he does not want the Crown, Dirk. I debate.
Youre correct. He doesnt want to be king but he does want to control his world and protect it. He explains.
What do you mean? I ask as I twisted my lips, ugly.
That greedy statement is logical for any noble including me. Rann owns Sahara and.Agri since the last War. I run this side of the Wall. He clarifies as he nods his skull at the noble acceptance.
I still dont get it, Dirk. Possession is nine tenths of the law. Thats happens to be an old Earth expression. Rann has the other side. Sosya be a good ruler and leave themalonelone ranger, dude. I suggest and smile.
I cant. Food is a readily available asset for everyone to consume. He explains.
Food? I see. I understand. Currs! This is aboutcurrs. I decide.
The stones mined from the Prison Planet are used in all pieces of equipment from bots to zippers. He shares.
Really! You sound jealous, Dirk. I debate finely as I grin silly.
If you had attended Uni as a true native, you wouldve been taught as a child the economics of this hereuniverse, cowgirl. The orange world yields the minerals with lots of free labor and very low overhead. Tech World purchases the pretty stones for all manufacturing products at a very reasonable cost dictated by Rann. Dirk educates.
I didnt know that these mineral transactions come directly from Rann. I slide my hands over the soft velveteen staring at Dirk.
The Crown does not interfere or profit. He explains.
Rann gives an honest price as always. I debate.
But trillions of stones are mined each year. Dirk argues. 
Rann must be worth billions. I calculate quickly.
Your assumption is correct, billions upon billions. He explains as he smiles with dancing emerald eyeballs into outer space above my curls.
Rann makes I empty.
Currs all the time. Dirk finishes my mental thought.
Stop reading my mind, Dirk I bite back and slap a strong T-shield around my gray matter as I snarl like a captured alligator. I sigh with hurt.
Then, set up shields. Youll find this universe contains more Teles than normal from the previous time linesthat you graciously created, cowgirl. I might add personally trained by Rann whos at the top of his game, if I used the old Earth expression correctly. Hence, the control Im talking aboutit is Rann. Get this! He does not realize his Tele potential. Dirk warns, hotly.
You do. I add, coolly as I smirk wickedly.
You do as well. He tosses as he smirks more wickedly.
Yes, I concur. I agree.
We have to stop him. Dirk demands.
Stop him! I still am confused, dork. I argue as I shake my gray skull side to side.
Hes going to kill me and take control of the Crown. If Rann finds out about you, hewill kill you, also. Dirk confesses.
Nonsense! Rannis not aware of me. I spit, coldly.
Not as a warrior called Starra, but hes aware of acatalyst. He tattles.
I am the catalyst. How am I the catalystonce more? I inquire with my clueless knowledge.
Dirk smiles as he shakes his red skull side to side, lecturing. Rosa gave you the Book a long time ago to read. The catalyst is something or someone in this case that disturbs the natural events in the universe.
Stang! That really is me. I mumbleway too loudly then I inquire. And, why arent you trying to kill the catalyst?
Rumors? He smiles and words mysteriously.
What kind of stupid answer is that? I snap, hotly.
Rann thinks Im hiding the catalyst and wants to find it. He tattles.
You are. I remark.
Ah! But he does not know how to find you. He adds as he smirks. I sigh with disgust.
Youre using me. I sneer with angry.
Of course, in this time line youre more valuable to mealive than dead. He confesses.
If I decide to fight you? I pose, grinning sweetly.
Dirk smiles as he leans his face out of the chair and lectures. Wrong choice, Starra! At this moment, Iam your only true friend. Rannis your true enemy. Now, youre my Commander. Go home until I command something for you to Commander, cowgirl. I stand and snarl like a captured alligator then swirl my skirt tail towards the archway, trucking my boot toes home while I ponder an alternative plot that excludes King Dirk. I sigh with surprise.
Dirks castle. Evening. I sexy waltz shifting my boot toe right then left then right humming a sweet slow tune as I enter the newly renovated Throne room as I stand three paces from archway while ready to bolt as I smart-hole. Did you ring? I wear my ironed and pressed blue uniform with the pink tied sash around my waist minus the weapons. Theyre very heavy and the additional color of black contracts fashionably with the bright pink and Navy blue on my person since I look cute as I giggle and smile.
Are you making a point or a fashion statement, Starra? Dirk asks, standing and strolling to the window seal viewing his dead world of Commerce as I elegantly sit inside his soft velveteen Throne chair crossing my leather legs since the boots cover from naked toe bones all the way up to my slender thigh bones as I giggle silly.
Whats your problem? I ask.
Were losing the war. He remarks.
Thats my problem. I propose a debate as I snigger like a sly weasel.
It isif you want to live. Dirk threatens as I swiftly stand and quickly swing my body in his direction as I sneer like an alley cat then he orders. I have selected our first target with you as my Commander of the troopsleading a raid on Resort at a warehouse food depot.
Ya want me to blow up their food. Thats it. How about we just poison them? Then, I can stay home, read my adventure book then lay by pool and sunbath my skin to a golden brown. I purposefully annoy as I smile.
Your Earth humor, again. Dirk tosses.
Is there no Commerce humor available? I punt wildly.
We attack tonight. He instructs as he slides the mini-bot into my hands.
I stare at the tiny instructions and remark. Night fall.
The plans ready. He re-issues.
What plan? I look at him and inquire since I have other ideas. I thought I was in charge.
Youare and youwill lead the ground troops per my ordertonight. He clarifies sneering like a junk yard dog.
Fine. I dump with twisted lips, ugly then swing my body towards the door.
What did you say, Commander? Dirk demands in his baritone saxophone.
Yes, Sire. I re-adjust meekly, stomping out the archway.
No prisoners. Dirk dictates as I realize that Im definitely on the wrong team in this time line, wondering if I can migrate to the other planet. I sigh with treason.
asteroid Resort. property of no citizen. food depot. Quarter moon. blue sky. 56F evening. Freighter ships drop the land troops and me on the dead planet of Resort as my ground team and I hike four long miles to the targeted Food Grocery Store as the garrison of twelve men and women nosily falls on guns and boots to the soft white sand for body cover and then each one belly crawls to the outer limits of the building while Captain whispers into the right eardrum of Officer #2. Plant the bombsneat the. I hear with my big Tele-eardrums while the two chat three bodies from my left side.
Wait! I counter-man, staring at the building.
For what? Captain inquires as he neck snaps his skull to stare at me with his night vision glass as I present duck lips, ugly and sneer like an alley cat.
I correct. My orders, Captain. Im the team leader, here. Officer #1 nods his skull in silence acceptance as I T-probe with Telepathy while I crawl on fours (guns and boot toes) forward by myself towards the single building, T-scanning the warehouse in the far distance. I find food, weapons, uniforms, medical supplies, bot equipment, books, furniture, desks, and personnel. Stang! I whisper like delicate butterflys wings. No prisoners as worded by Dirk into my right eardrum before we left Commence so I interpret that statement that no bodies as I crawl on fours back to the troops. 
I belly crawl in front of both Captain and Officers #2 and #3 and command. Plant the bombs on the southeast and northwest corners of the structure.
We have more explosives. Officer #2 eagers for the more fun colorful fireworks.
I announce. Therere citizens in the front of the building.
Workers, how many? Captain of the troopers asks.
Six. I answer.
How does she know that? Officer #2 inquires to Officer #3.
Beats me. We dont have modern radar for that type of scan. Officer #3 comments.
We should invade the facility and kill them. Captain demands since hes a complete monster like Dirk. I sigh with punishment.
Finish planting the bombs and wait for my command, Captain? Do I make myself clear? I threaten.
Yes sir. Captain reacts as I hear clearly their vile chats about me while I belly crawl away from them with within my big Tele ears.
Wheres she going? Officer #2 asks.
Dont know. She better be eliminating them or else. Captain threatens. I sigh with trouble.
I might be eliminating an officer or two in my own army before this mission is over with as I crawl on fours (guns and boot toes) to the northeast corner under the big window then I hear soft faint voices coming from inside the Food Depot.
I connect, link, and Tele to the Food employees. Hungry! Food! Go!
Inside the warehouse office, a male tenor voice yells. Dinner and drink on me. lots of noises erupt inside the big room as the large door opens wide then shuts loudly. BANG! BANG! The air vehicle launches from the docking lot filled with live and breathing bodies into the cool night air. ZOOM! ZOOM!
No bodies. I snigger like slick fox as I crawl on my belly button back to the troopers then I swiftly stand and loudly shout. DO IT! I swing towards the skyline and beautifully watch the tall damaged warehouse light into an array of rainbow colors of yellow, pink, green, orange, red, and blue for a grand fireworks display for both Dirk and Rann. I sigh with accomplishment.
Dirks castle. clear sky. no moon. 55F. evening. Good job, Starra Dirk compliments as I angrily stomp on boots though the archway of hell greeting me with a big smile, not a handshake since he knows that I know that I want to touch his hand and bounce his skull against the newly renovated hard tile floor which will brighten my night. I sigh with disgust.
Youre not welcome. I smart-hole, standing at the archway.
Do I sense a little bitterness from my first officer? He teases and smiles.
Pleassssse.I hiss like a Sahara snake and command. Youre blackmailing me. I have no choice but to destroy things for you.
Next target. He swings his body around, studying the single lens of the telescope and orders. A school.
Im not hitting a school. Forget it. I reject.
You are. I am king. I am the leader of the War. You will follow my orders, Starra. Dirk commands.
Stang. I sing in piccolo music that word I like to use when miffed at Dirk but I dont rightly know the exact definition but I have a very good clue.
Dirk lectures. Cowgirls shouldnt use that word. He chuckles and explains. This is summer break. Therere not any children in the building only plenty of empty desks and books.
I happen to enjoy reading. I remind.
Thats a good virtue but do it on your own time when youre not leading my troops into battle. Dirk issues then orders. Go home, cowgirl and rest for the next mission.
Day 121. Resort. empty school. dark clouds. Rain. 82% precipitation. 65F. morning. My outer space flying team follows my zipper towards the targeted abandoned old school grounds as I fly upwards over the tall structure T-scanning the flat dirt, lots of colorful play ground equipment, and the school wings.
Its abandoned. Pilot #1 comments via comfone.
Where are we landing? Captain of the troopers asks via comfone.
Were not. I answer.
This is a surface attack, Starra. Captain protests via comfone.
This is an air raid. I command. Set maser beams and target the court yard.
Starra, youre not following the Dirks orders. Captain protests more loudly via comfone.
Im following my orders. Shoot! Soget it right or I suddenly stop since I dont know what the or will be as I giggle silly turning down the voice volume of my comfone so I dont have to listen to the whining.
Im obeying our leader. Pilot #5 is one of my devoted Starra-fans.
Follow me, boys and girls. I signal as I rapidly zoom my zipper hundred air feet from the schools courtyard and quickly punch the button releasing an array of pretty yellow maser rays as a couple of red and yellow fire immediately erupt on the dry yellow and green grass. Then, I pull out of the drop zone and into the dark night sky hovering 1,000 feet from the school, waiting and watching for the fly boys and girls to take turns with aim, fire, and hit sequences since the school is massive. Ya cant miss hitting something either a wing, a tower, a patio or an empty lot while the damage will negligible to the grounds since well run out of maser ammo before the structure total falls or completely burns to the ground as I ponder that this is more fun than teasing Dirk.
Lets go home. I command via comfone.
Commander. Captain names via comfone.
I give permission. I know. Youre going to tattle. Ill be a good sport and let you go ahead of the line, Captain. I hear sniggers via comfone within my eardrums as I snort like a wild-ass boar.
Commerce. Dirks castle. 61F. red and yellow sunset. morning. Report? Dirk blasts in his tenor saxophone music at me as Captain travels behind my curls and stands inside the archway of hell while I move my body to the side wall and watch and listen. I sigh with tattle-tailing.
Starra changed your orders to an air strike not a ground attack. Captain tattles.
She did. Noted Captain! Dismissed! Dirk commands as I watch Captain Tattle Tail leave the room and my eye sight.
Starra. Dirk names.
Another dead target! I think youre being fooled or.youre a fool. Take your pick! I laugh at my lousy joke.
Ranns doing this to me.  I can adapt but youll obey my orders. Im relying on you to win this War. Dirk expresses.
You expect too much, Dick. I laugh again at the galaxys fool.
Do you enjoy your sleep, Starra? He laughs at me while I hiss then swing my body towards the archway.
I end. Good night, Dick.
I notice you never call me by my Royal title. Dirk observes.
I swing my pretty face back around, facing him. You just noticed that. Is it a problem, Dick?
Maybe Dirk dumps, chuckling with a secret reason that only a madman can hold.
Well, its not for me. Nighty-night, Dick! I body spin towards the archway, leaving his eyesight and the laugher.
Day 122. Dirks castle. sunny sky. no clouds. 77F. morning. What am I doing today? I ask and talk entering the newly renovated Throne room, standing in the archway hoping for a vacation day. I sigh with fun.
We are touring, today. Dirk words mysterious as he exits a side door that marches up a set of concrete stairs towards the newly created landing pad on the other side of the sixth level then jerks the door open as a bright and beautiful day on Commerce blinds my eyesight. Actually, I really do not want to know and prefer to work on a need-to-know basis as I giggle.
I watch Dirk enter the Royal carrier as he finger points at my slick zipper ship that I ownfree and clear of any obligation of Dirk or Dirks non-existent power as we blast from Commerce while I follow behind the short fleet of pleasure ships consisting of one ram ship, three passenger ships, two carriers, and four zippers then me, last as usual. I sigh with new job.
space station Bio. cold dark outer space. minus 1000F. morning. The Royal fleet of pleasure ships orbit like tiny balls around the man-made eighty-story steel-encased Medical Center while we visit the War patients and their poor sad families. Yall know.sometimes my need-to-know data fails since three sets of ironed and pressed blue uniforms with a gold sash sneers like a captured alligators and un-friendly greets Dirk, not me since I dont have any enemies hereat the sliding outer space entrance doors. I sigh with intrigue.
Whats he doing? I pad beside Captain and inquire with kitty-cat curiosity, staring at our blue uniformed escorts that surround Dirk.
Hes on tour. Captain replies without any additional comments to cover my kitty-cat curiosity.
Are there wounded patients in this wing of the hospital to visit for this War? I ask.
No. Captain answers mysteriously.
You mean no. Were not going to the hospital wing ortherere not any wounded patients at the hospital. I clarify.
So far, the War has produced no wounded, no causalities, and no fatalities. Captain answers mysteriously.
I dont get it. I comment to the Captain.
Thats why youre here to produce dead people, Starra. Dirk talks, walking between his nifty escorts ahead of me and Captain as I twist my lips, ugly and Captain nods his skull in silence approval when Dirk suddenly stops walking and meets with one of Physicians for three seconds, shakes his hand then we quickly leave the building, the planet, and soar into the heavens towards another planet. I sigh with confusion.
space station Uni. cold dark outer space. minus 1000F. morning. The school for children from the age of four years to seventeen as I pace three steps behind Dirk, viewing with eyeballs the open doors of the passing classroom filled with laughing children that wears an ironed and pressed blue uniform with a different colored satin sash around their tunic as Dirk allows his officer staff members to move ahead and post near the ends of the hallway ahead of me then neck snaps his skull at me and orders. Comlen room, Starra.
Whatever. I spit, coldly, floating with Gbot orguard bot into a room thats dark and fills with electronic lighted ghostly comfones, comlens, and bots as I view the many bright monitors and I see Dirk enter the targeted.nawintendedclassroom filled with 4th Graders that age of nine years old. Check this out! Almost all of the kids are dressed in their ironed and pressed blue uniforms but most wear only a gold sash which must be a new school dress code. I sigh with curiosity.
Gbot sits next to me machines. Incoming.
Incoming. You mean ships. Were under attack. I jump, kitten-like from my assigned seat, pulling the maser from my leg hostler. I sigh with readiness.
The school is not under attack. There is another ram ship landing at the dock. Gbot machines as I re-seat without worrying since the machine should know more than I. I sigh with interest.
Who is it? I ask.
Prince Rann. Gbot machines.
I present duck lips, ugly then inquire with nervously tension and a eye twitch and lip tick. Rann is visiting the school but isnt he the enemy of Dirk?
You are correct. Prince Rann is the enemy of King Dirk but not on the weekdays, only the weekend. Gbot machines.
I swing my long hair side to side, pondering that silly statement and comment softly. Thats does not make any sense, Gbot. I stare at the comlen looking for trouble, for action, and for a fight since Rann will kick Dirks fanny in a heart beat if he enters the same 4th Grade class room. I sigh with blood.
I intensively watch on the monitor that Dirk acknowledges with a single skull nod as Rann quickly enters the same 4th Grade classroom with the calm, well mannered, and quiet kids. Odd!
School teacher monotones in dull alto. Welcome King Dirk. I witness one fourth of the kids stand and bow at their waist in respect to King Dirk wearing a purple sash around their blue school uniforms.
Dirk drones in his dull tenor saxophone. Thank you kind patrons. Remember, to do a good job at school and be a good student for the teachers, your parents, and your king. Then, the kids sit down in their assigned seats.
School teacher proclaims with a smile and cheers up beat in her alto clarinet voice. Welcome Prince Rann. The remaining seated kids consisting of three fourths of the class stand, bow, clap, and shout out loud Ranns name. I sigh with shock.
I confuse as I neck snap my curls to Gbot. We are at War. Arent we? I sigh with befuddlement.
Affirmative. Gbot machines without stirring the air waves as it hovers beside me searching the comlens. I sigh with confusion.
Rann greets. Thank you, citizens. Listen to the advice of the king and be a good student, make good grades, and learn plenty of new stuff so you can grow to be a good citizen in the universe. The excited kids clap like sea lions and cheer like after his speech.
Dirk exits the door first, turning down the left hallway as I follow his movement on the comlen in the school then my comfone beeps when I touch the button while the message reads DEPARTING IN FIVE MINUTES.
Planet Agri. property of Ambassador Ty. partly cloudy sky. slight windy. 82F. morning. I land the zipper upon Agri near a crop of white cotton bolls as I see the gathered Business Associates in the dirt soil wearing their green jumpers with gold sashes as another ship lands within 1,000 feet of the Royal carrier and I march away from Dirks ship. I patiently wait and observe the upcoming bloody fight from a good distance behind Dirks bee_hind because he can fight his own battles on Agri since the Business Associates do not like visitors to their native planet. A figure exits the ships ramp onto the dark red fertile soil as the Business Associates cheer, clap, stomp, and whistle like mad cows. Dirk is loved here on Agri by the Business Associates. I sigh with heart attack.
The noise stops as I stretch upon my tippy toes to see that Dirk is just nowwalking down the ramp because I was watching Prince Rann exit, first from his personal zipper ship then Dirk second then the Business Associates silent as Dirks face appears around the cotton rows and I roar with jungle cat laughter.
Dirk booms. Citizens greetings, I have come for my weekly visit to the Food Planet. I want to express my appreciation of your hard work and dedication to our universe. Thank you and good day. A pair of hands claps for two seconds then suddenly stops as I die laughing then stop my soprano voice and T-scan my surrounding area, noting that no ones present but the croaking frogs and the pouting fishes.
Then, I snicker like a slick fox as Dirk slowly pivots and paths with his purple robes dragging bee_hind(get it)into his Royal carrier as Rann steps forward and disappears into the crowd of farmers with his right arm extended for shaking hands as the Business Associates clap and cheer in louder volumes.
Planet Tech. property of Viscountess Rita. blue sky. Cloudy. 86F. morning. The next target.nawnext planet on the Kings Tour as I hover my zipper for my docking turn at the atmospheric dry dock of Tech World. The clamps ping tight and lock as I body crawl out of the zipper hatch and stand in the clean re-freshed and re-circulated air in the vertical clear tube which is made of heavy metal and attached to a circular platform in the dizzy skies over the white fluffy clouds. I enter an elevator with Dirk and two of his body guards descending down to the metal surface since hes going to inspect some new ships and newer bots.
Theres an absence of flesh and blood bodies welcoming our touring delegates only a single short silver Tech bot as the robot floats merrily and happily down the iron ore corridor humming a tune of music Row, Row, Row Your Boat. 
Sbot enters the Observation Room then stops inside the enclosed protected glass window, there are several new displays of cool ships with very unique aerodynamic line structures and elegant weapons around the strange design while I think that this is the best adventure I have had in days since I destroyed the grass and wood targets on Agri on my second day as a student of learning. I sigh with killing.
I remark with glee, rudely finger pointing at the new ship, asking for permission. Can I fly one back to Commerce?
Dirk drones. Theyre not ours.
Who purchased them? I ask.
The Prince of Sahara.these are his vessels for the War. Sbot machines as Dirk rudely finger points at the ugly refurbished refitted modified zipper and carrier ships.
He gives permission to me. Youre welcome to fly one of these back to the palace.
Naw! I sing in bass flute as Dirk chuckles along with his body guards then I add. Forget it! I snort like a wild-ass boar then chuckle like a silly clown since my zipper is a state-of-the-art techno compared to this hunk of junk since I had received a new and shiny silver zipper from Tech World when I impressed my flight instructor with my fine and dandy performance traveling through the Wall at 800 MPH. The tour swiftly ends when Dirk transfers the last payment of his installment currs to the Sbot for the old refurbished cheap-ass star ships as I giggle silly as we walk slowly down the empty corridor while Dirk spies on the spy.
Dirk asks. Whats so funny? We enter the elevator.
A joke. I word mysteriously.
What joke? He asks.
The one on you. I comment as I giggly girly when Dirk hisses like a snake.
Dirks castle. clear skies. no clouds. 81F. afternoon. I pace down the tower steps to the Throne Room behind Dirk after wrapping up the visits on the planets of Uni, Bio, Agri, and Tech, keeping my thoughts private until were alone and away from the body guards then I blast my flute soprano stepping my boot toes onto the tile as I park folded hands on my hips. What in the universe is going on here, Dirk? Rann is at the school with you. He is also purchasing the latest state-of-the-art ships. The Business Associates didnt acknowledge your presence much less your status as King of the Universe. We are at War. Arent we? I sigh with confusion.
Affirmative. Dirk sounds like a broken bot, walking and sitting inside his purple velveteen Throne chair.
Whos winning the War exactly? I ask.
Its a tie. He words mysteriously.
A tie! The war is tied. Are we going to punt for the two extra points for the field goal? I snap, coldly as I continue to stand watching the Sbots finish setting up the lunch table for us since its noontime on the pretty day of Commerce as Dirk shifts his body to the Throne desk which serves as Throne table and he laughs then pokes his fork around the food plate.
Maybe.
Talk to me, Dirk! Who, what, why, when, and where? I demand.
He finger points at my seat and my plate of food then begins. Who? You know the answer to the question.
Rann. I name.
He offers. What for? Possession of planets, nobles, commoners, and currs, of course.
Financial economic and social gains. I add then bite into the crispy chicken.
Why? Control of the universe. He details then eats.
Rann has never wanted to rule. You know that. I remind then try the potato salad.
He does now. Something, you didnt know. Dirk clarifies as he gobbles another bite of food.
He wants to rule. I repeat with confusion.
Everyone, especiallyyou and me. Dirk intrigues then eat another spoonful of food.
Me! Rann does not know that Im alive. I truth with honesty.
I plan to keep that secret for a very long time. Youre my secret weapon, my hidden gem he compliments as I choke on the chicken bone. I sigh with seasickness.
Lets not discuss me, anymore. I suggest.
When? The War is fought on Festival day. The parties continue on Jubilation day which is only the weekend. The week day is reserved for work and production schedules. Dirk explains.
Pardon me. I confuse as I stop chewing.
We have a universe to run. Everyone goes to work, school, jobs, and duties on Conference Days of the week. Dirk tattles.
No fighting on week days, I got it. I repeat as I nod my curls slowly then eat.
Where? The only planet attacked is Resort on the weekend. Dirk updates.
Citizens, guests, staff, and soldiers live there. I remind.
They live and party in certain locations on the weekend as dictated by Rann. Dirk explains.
What about Sahara? I ask.
Off limits. Dirk expresses.
Hows it off limits? Star ships can fly there and fight the miners. I suggest.
Rannd get really mad. He expresses.
So its not a fair fight. How are you going to win? Sounds like you I debate the issue.
We He corrects.
YOU are losing to me. I conclude.
Not any more, I have you. Dirk announces wildly.
Me! I mice squeak, dropping my fork of chicken and stare at Dirk.
Youre going to win the War for me, Starra. Dirk smiles and nods his ugly head for acceptance.
If I refuse to participate tomorrow? I threaten.
Dirk raises the knife in his hand, inquiring. You do enjoy your sleep, dont you?
Stang! Dont you ever threaten me, again, Dirk? I declare and rudely finger point at him.
Dirk laughs then tattles. This War is a War of votes rather than bullets.
Votes!? I confuse.
The populous of the universe decides who wins. He shares.
The population? You mean this is a popularity contest. This is not High School, Dirk. I debate. 
Nobut it is a very populated universe. He adds.
So, the tour is the measure of your popularity in the universe. I conclude.
Youre smart, Starra! The consensus of the citizens start with the little monsters at the school then continue within the sharp minds and generous hearts of the commoners, and finally the nobles, themselves. Everyone has a vote. Dirk announces wildly.
I lean back into the chair as I ponder the information then end as I giggle silly. This has got to be the most mixed up War I have ever fought. I eat more chicken.
Buta War never the less. He reminds.
You dont seem be the most popular noble in the universe. I observe.
Not yet. But, I have you. He smiles leaning forward with his long arm and pats my right forearm.
I jerk my hand from the table as I sneer like a captured alligator. How am I going to change that with my smile and a tiara?
He laughs at my joke. Thats Plan B. 
I sneer. I see.
You will see in due time. Dirk comments.
I will see in due time. I bark.
Due time! He repeats.
Tell me nowor Iwillnot be playing your in popularity game. I demand.
Our amusing conversation has ended. Dismissed! Commander! Dirk announces as two Gbots invade the Throne room who escort me all the way home to the Bonita castle. I sigh with frustration.
Day 123. Dirks castle. bright starry night. 55F. evening. The tour of planets. I announce wildly walking through the archway into the Throne room.
The tour of planets. He swings his face from the telescope, repeating.
Have you ever thought of a theme for your visitations? I inquire and smile.
Shut up, Starra. He orders, writing notes inside the mini-bot.
It was just a suggestion. I giggle silly, commenting.
Youre leading the raid. Dirk instructs as he hands off the mini-bot.
Dont I always? I obey.
The target is a hospital. He tattles.
There are no patients. I add.
No patients! He nods his skull at me, confirming.
There are numerous parties on Resort. People might be in attendance. I remind.
Do you think? What a delight? You have your orders, Commander. Dirk dictates as he smiles.
Resort. empty hospital. Quarter moon. bright night. 58F. evening. Dirks devoted gals and guys plant the secret dynamite charges around the hospital grounds and along the outside walls of the building as flaming fireworks light the black sky ranging from bright blues to crimson reds compared to the empty hotels in the background down the block as we fled like a thief in the night and return to Commerce. I sigh with waste.
Report. Dirk orders to me.
Done! I word.
Prisoners? He asks.
None. I word.
Survivors? He demands.
Everyone! I rejoice and smile as I dance around in a circle with joy, wasting materials not lives.
He sneers beautifully just like a grizzly bear, complaining. Youre supposed to kill people.
There were no people to kill. I dont know where you get your intelligence reports but the data is wrong. Id try to blackmail a better spy, Dirk. I issue and giggle.
I have confidence in my Intel. Dirk confesses as I swing my body towards the archway, pondering that this is the most mixed War Ive ever participated since Dirk is trying to kill all the citizens while Rann is entertaining all the citizens and Im stuck in the middle of the citizens. I sigh with sleep.
Day 124. Dirks castle. sunny sky. 84F. afternoon. This is the target. Dirk announces to his military staff officers as I stand and stroll to the big comlen monitor on the wall while he types on the screen for the battle plan.
I sing in flute music, staring at the map. A port?
Its an operating port next to the air field. Dirk explains.
Whats the purpose of this attack, Dirk? I ask, scanning the electronic map.
To make a point He smiles at his other troopers.
There are two other sea side ports on the other side of the ocean with no activity and very little security than your planned target. Can you see the red and green spots? I finger point at the empty targets which is safe for citizens and me.
You are correct. He compliments.
I neck snap my curls at him, complaining. Theres a slight chance well be captured or killed.
I doubt it with your remarkable talents, Commander. Thats why youre the Commander. He comments then laughs as the rest of the troopers dont get his odd behavior. Thats why youre working for me, remember, Starra.
Whats the point, again? Im very confused. I smart-hole.
I am the ruler of the universe. I will target any item and destroy it. Dirk sneers like a junk yard dog and orders as I shake my curls side to side, walking back to my assigned seat, sitting down.
Has he not done that thus far? I twist my face to the sitting officer beside him.
Actually, no it has been hit and miss.mostly miss. Officer explains.
Im beginning to understand my role. I remark. I sigh with enlightenment.
You will not be flying zippers but sea ships. Dirk clarifies.
I hate water. I grumble shifting off my assigned seat onto the floor for the mission.
Day 125. Dirks castle. bright stars. 50F. before dawn. I yawn with an ugly open mouth as I enter the Throne room and whine. Cant we kill during working hours? I really need my beauty sleep. Id prefer killing between nine and eleven in the morning thatll give me time for swimming and washing my hair I dictate for fun.
Shut up, Starra. Dirk orders as he studies the mini-bot.
You dont have to be rude. I present duck lips, ugly and giggle.
Youre quiet annoying. He issues to me as I grin.
Only.when I want to be. I remark and giggle.
I have selected the next target. Dirk dictates, handing off the mini-bot.
Cant you tell me about it later this morning? I suggest.
The attack isnow. Dirk orders.
May I point out thats very early, one and two, may I also point out that Im very tired and my brain is still not functioning. I whine like I stepped my left leather boot in dog shit on the sideway sitting on the edge of the chair, and trying to focus my sleepy eyeballs onto the mini-bot.
And Dirk words.
I must point out this isnot Jubilation Day. Its the middle of the work week. I awake as my brain cells click into action, reading the words upon the screen.
And Dirk words, twice.
I stand and announce. Youre breaking the rules of battlefield engagement between you and Rann set for the War. Rannis not going to be the only citizen angry with your stupid Royal decrees at four in the morning. I spit, hotly.
You dont say. Dirk folds his silk sleeves over his robe, slurring and smiling at me.
Once you breach the agreement, therell be no rules, no regulationsand no controls for Rann. Lookhell be free to kill you, Dirk which I hope he succeeds. I hope for Dirks defeat swiftly as I sit on the edge of the chair.
Dont be so wishful? I am king. Dirk repeats.
Everyone knows that. I addresses, reading the mini-bot.
Ah, but I have not succeeded with my past strategies untilnow. Dirk reminds.
So what, youre incompetent. I affront as I search for a flaw in the mission specs.
Exactly, but youre not. Dirk attacks and smiles at me then I pop my body upright from the chair, again. I sigh with awareness.
Hes correct playing the political stooge but Im the deadly pawn in this stupid War game since I have been very successfully with the current targets. ME! Not him. Im the leader of the army, the Commander of the Royal troops. ME! Not him. Im the enemy of Rann. ME! Not him.
The target before daylight is Bot Control. He finger points at the comlen on the mini-bot.
Communication rely stations, you dont want them talking to each other. Fine! Give me the comfone. I joke still reading the specs.
Dirk drops his tenor into baritone saxophone. You dont understand, Starra. I want everything eliminated within Bot Control. The entire life support systems consisting of communications, engineering, maintenance, water, air ventilation, and life support.
Stang, I sing in flute music both visually and emotionally at the mission.
Dirk moves beside me, rudely finger pointing at the tiny map. See the generators are located here. The main facility is deep in enemy territory. I sigh with doom.
Whos on the assault team? I ask.
You. Dirk names.
Who else? I re-state.
You and you. Dirk replies.
Im too tired to play games, Dirk. Explain. I face him with duck lips, ugly.
Youre flying solo. Solo means(holds one finger)one person in your fancy zipper. It has sheath capability. Dirk explains.
It does. I screw my eyebrows, funny and need to read the operations manual really fast as I debate. Wonder if, I make a mistake and get caught?
You want. He smiles and shakes his red skull side to side.
I eye burn my boots then return my eyeballs to his green eyes. You said Im your secret weapon. Youre exposing me.for a not very good reason on a very dangerous mission. Im trying to get out of bombing Ranns secret hiding place and protecting my precious hind. I sigh with disappointment.
Defeating the enemy is always a good reason and always dangerous. Dirk expresses with an evil intent.
You know very well what Im talking about. Rann does.not know I exist. I remind.
He will now. Dirk announces with a smile.
Now, he will. I confuse.
Fly in and fly out like magic, do you understand, cowgirl? Dirk threatens.
I understand. All I want to know is why? I counter.
Why, Rann? He needs to know Im winning this War. Im in control. I can destroy him at anytime. Dirk promises.
Youre declaring a real Waron everyone. I remind.
Why, you? For your insubordination and defiance, this is your final test, Starra. Youre ordered to blow the generators or suffer my wrath. Dirk declares as I swing around towards the archway.
I know my role in this War. I sneer, exiting the door.
Resort. Sky. communication tower. dark sky. Cloudy. 56F. morning. I fly solo inside my fancy state-of-the-art zipper as I steam with invisible fireballs pitching them at Dirks skull which is located on Commerce while I T-scan half blown Resort consisting of blasted mountains peaks, darken towers, flatten woodlands, and calm oceans while the citizen occupied landscape of bustling building rooftop lights blink off and on like a field of beautiful Christmas trees with pretty neon colors of blue, green, and orange inside the busy hallways of the abandoned buildings with Ranns hot parties.
I adjust the comfone picking up jazzy music on the radio waves, hearing the fun of the parties on Resort in the middle of a War in the middle of dawn. Yall know.I desperately desire to work for Rann, not Dirk. I sigh with disappointment.
I fly high up above the nose-blood stratosphere avoiding the monitoring comfones and comlens in my sheath mode as I cut my engines, soaring like a bird in free fall in a straight line towards the mechanical generators scrutinizing the delicate bot systems. I sigh with dread.
I dont want to blow the entire mechanical unit to pieces of metal trash since therell be no water, no electricity, and no circulated air inside the occupied buildings for a fun party and a funner Rann as I think. Think fast! Think faster!
I see the internal blinking red circuits for the communications, maintenance, engineering, water, sewer, solar, and solar batteries.ah hasolar batteries do not contain electricity circuits. If I blow the solar batteries, the compound wont be disabled, only temporally off-line. And, I will not be disobeying Dirks orders since I want like to really baddie but I enjoy sleeping deeply and securely while my eyelashes close.
The ventilation air control system is located in a separate container, not connected to the main unit. Improvements. Ill use a burst of a wave and shear the rubber caps off the circuits since it does not matter what color maser I select. Therell be a fire in the electrical cables where steel bolts like to heat fast and burn faster. A solution!
I shoot with a single blue ray with deadly accuracy T-zapping with Telekinesis on the tops of the six caps at least all the units will not be destroyed only the top level floors of all the buildings which will lose air conditioning not the main service areas such as the kitchen of food for eating and the lavatories of water for shitting as I snicker like a slick fox. I sigh with mischievousness.
And, the dance hall of entertaining for waltzing since it would be a real shame if Rann cant dance with his girl as I giggle and mentally visualize the cute foto inside my pretty head as Rann dances the night away with the prettiest girl at the dinner as I smile with a toothy grin. Then, I trigger an electronic flag inside the panel for the emergency relay then reply in a whisper. Help is on the way, Rann.
I activate my mechanical sheath mode on the console of my zipper as I pull up high into the heavens with my Telekinesis to return home.nawreturn to Dirk. I sigh with fury.
You were saved by an angel, Rann. I giggle. I sigh with happiness.
Royal castle. sunrise. Report? Dirk demands as I face him inside the archway from my successful sky mission on Resort..
Done! I grin with a big smile as I lie honestly.
Explain? He demands as I waltz to his Throne desk, tapping the comfone, and adjusting the volume to the highest setting.
FIRES, EMERGENCY, NO AIRNO WATER NO POWER  The comfone screams with different timbers of voices overlaying each other with deep distress as I flip the desk comfone to the off position.
Well done! Dirk claps his hands together, complimenting me.
Ill be taking a couple of vacation days so, dont call me. I command.
Im very pleased with your mission. Dirk smiles as he flips the switch back on listening to the distress of Ranns guests.
Ill call you. I quote, walking towards the archway.
More Earth humor He questions with a frowned forehead.
An old Earth expression. I slam the throne door, pathing to my suite.
Day 127. Uni. cold dark outer space. minus 1000F. morning. I land in the docking bay since Im beeped to jump my state-of-the-art zipper to Uni from Commerce walking beside Dirk as I comment. No body guards. I comment, rotating my neck muscles around emptiness of space in the bright colorful hallway around me.
I do not need them. I have you. Dirk compliments then adjusts. Were touring, today. He announces as we pad together like queen and king down the empty hallway. Im going to visit Uni not the whole Tour of the Planets.  Dirk uses my newly created term as I grin with pride.
We just did that thing last week. I remind and inquire. Why only Uni, today?
Only the kids, theyre really a true measure of my success. Dirk proposes with a big smile then turns to view me.
I know. Comlen room, again. I guess, turning to the right as I enter the dark comfone room filled with comfones, comlens, and robots while Dirk enters the same classroom filled with 4th Graders dressed in their ironed and pressed blue uniforms mostly purple sashes as Rann acknowledges Dirk with a skull nod inside the doorway while the room holds calm, well mannered, and quiet kidssame foto.
School teacher announces and smiles brightly in her alto timbre. Welcome King Dirk. I witness ninety-five percent of the kids stand like dogs, clap like sea lions, cheer like bears, and bow at their waists to Dirk wearing the purple sashes around their blue school uniforms. I cant see Ranns facial expression since hes calm and serene like a true gentleman on the outside but I T-probe with Telepathy and find that Rann is highly tense and greatly anxious inside his mental mind.
Dirk words with three(both hands and skull) to the children. Thank you, kids. Remember, do a good job and you will be awarded by me.your king. The standing kids cheer so much and clap their hands loudly as I cant believe my acute eye sight. I sigh with shock.
School teacher allows the noise to bombard the room for.1 second2 seconds3 secondsthen motions with both her hands towards the floor and hollers. Sit down. Let us welcome Prince Rann. The remaining five percent of the children represented by four students while the shy quiet kids stand and nod their skull then sit really fast. I sigh with stunness.
Rann meekly greets with few words. Thank you. He turns his body and bows his waist to the Dirk then quietly leaves the classroom with no clapping or cheering for his presence. I sigh with confusion.
Elated Dirk exits the classroom door as the second figure while I wait on the comlen then turns down the left hallway as I exit the Comfone Room meeting Dirk at the hall intersection then I ask. What has happened? Dirk just chuckles and grins as we pad swiftly back to the ships.
Royal castle. I land on the roof top of the castle as Dirk moves out the Royal carrier while I follow then down the steps while I stalk and pops into the Throne room while I holler as the door slams against my bee_hind. I want to discuss
One moment, please, Starra. Dirk holds his index finger pad in the air as he looks inside the comlen on the desk.
Are we having a party? I smart-hole with a nice change of pace to eat, drink, and be merry, instead of eat, drink, and blew up the enemy as I stare death balls into Dirks body.
You should be there, not here. He orders, staring into the mini-bot.
The party isthere. Where? I puzzle.
For inspecting my troops? He orders.
Dirk, I can site name, rank, birthday, and baptism dates of MY troops. I smart-hole which represents about twenty-five citizens including young children as I snicker like a sly weasel.
Not all these warriors Dirk motions with his right hand at the wide window that leads to the patio while I follow him to the balcony. I sigh with surprise.
Where did they come from? I ask, witnessing not a garrison, not a battalion, not a squad of warriors based on my quick estimated count but an army of 100,000 men, women, and children.
My troops. Dirk walks to the railing of the balcony, pulling me by the left arm as I numb with emotion and listen with shock. I sigh with confusion.
Youre winning the War for me. The comfones havent stopped ringing. The recruits dont stop coming. Dirk explains, smiling. I sigh with dread.
I did this. I remark in shock.
Of course, you and your Tele-powers, cowgirl. Dirk compliments, chuckling at his Royal army.
Youre winning the popularity contest. I comment, staring at 100,000 men, women, and children in ironed and pressed blue uniforms with purple sashes.
You saw the children in the classroom with your own eyes. They love me. They loathe Rann. Iam winning the War. Heis losing the War. Dirk stares at his army, young and old. I sigh with danger.
Day 128. Resort. supply warehouse. sunny skies. no clouds. 89F, afternoon. Four squadrons of star ships under my command blast the brick structure starting with the tenth floor down to third floor in fifteen seconds. Not much of a fight. Captain comments via comfone.
Thats because its empty. I update.
What? He smart-holes via comfone.
Did you say something, Captain? I quiz and smile.
How do you know this, Commander? He asks.
I just know. I talk without explanation as I watch the Freighter land near the building while bots, warriors, and ships pour from the landing ramp onto the destroyed terrain as I yell and motion with my right hand towards the building since Im commander. Forward. I walk and survey the consequences of the ship attack as I whisper. What a mess? I house the maser rifle in both my hands tenderly since I dont normally carry a weapon of mass destruction but this is War. I sigh with death.
Ranns warriors are going to be trying to shot and kill me and I really dont feel like dying, today therefore, Im prepared to shoot back and defend my precious body since I carry a slick dagger inside my left thigh-high boot and twin masers bounce gently on my slender hips as I enter the building, first scouting the deadly situation with all my T-powers up and rolling.
I shout. CLEAR. Smoking dust and wall particles linger in the air attaching to the ceiling and furniture as I order. Search the floors, if you find a survivor, notify me. I shout with a little T-kick of Telepathy ring to my sweet flute voice so everyone understands my direct order, moving to the next empty room but verifying any injured parties. I sigh with health.
Those arent Dirks orders. Captain questions me.
I dont care. You will follow my orders. I demand, leading down the empty hallway.
You shouldnt mock the king. He argues
Then, Ill mock you, or shoot you, take your pick, Captain. I threaten as I hear snickering in the background from some of my more devoted Starra fans.
Situation? The tenor of Dirk calls via comfone over my left shoulder as I ping the button with a T-touch of Telekinesis.
Nobodys home. I joke speaking into my comfone, winking my right gray eye at the young Ensign beside me.
Status? Dirk orders with anger in his voice via comfone.
The buildings abandoned. There are no residents, no equipment, no furniture, no supplies, and no partiesDick. I report then laugh into the comfone while sniggering bombards behind my bee_hind.
How many killed? Dirk demands via comfone.
NONE! I shout really loud into the comfone, giggling.
Repeat, Commander? Dirk dictates via comfone.
Zero kills, Dirk. I yell into the comfone. None. Nada. No. I snort with laughter.
Dont move, Starra! Dirk shouts via comfone as I giggle silly.
Alright! Someone secure the area before the king arrives and shoots me for insubordination. I issue as I hear chuckling break into giggles in the back ground of the damaged room while I patiently wait my body leaning inside the archway watching as Dirk struts from Royal carrier with his purple cape flying like tiny birdies in the brisk wind. He carefully step in spit and polished black knee boots among the burnt grass and crumbling limestone as I taunt loudly while he gets closer to my face with my bright smile. Foiled, again.  Dirk doesnt address my slur so I repeat. Someones smarter than youras. Dirk swings his face at me as I grin and quit.
Secure the parameter. Dirk orders to the resting troopers.
Secured, Your Highness! Officer verifies as I grin with a toothy smile and overhear the faint voices in the back ground mumbling about the Dirks defeat as I giggle and hope we visit the schoolfor a third time this week.
Day 129. Dirks castle. dark blue sky. T-showers. 75F. afternoon. In the War planning room, I receive a mini-bot as I walk from the door to my assigned seat while Dirk barks like a Mama dog at her puppies. Dates, times, and location for the new attack, see the traces of heat, we attack here at one in the afternoon.
The comlen shows actually fotos of loading and unloading of supply ships for food. Are these from our spies? Captain asks.
Where did you get these coordinates and timing of the ships, Dirk? This list is consists of incredibly details including arrival and departure dock and jump times, names of personnel, and a complete manifest list of medical supplies. I dont understand. This list was generated by a bot not a human. I note, studying the report.
I do have spies on the other side which can operate robots. Dirk jokes as his officers laugh without me as I sneer like a grizzly bear.
Im not trying to be funny, Dirk. I snap.
But, you are being annoying, Starra. We just covered that. Start the attack! He yells the War cry as boots march out the archway towards the new fleet ships that include three ram, thousands of zipper, thousands of carrier, hundreds of passenger, and hundreds of freight ships which sail like the north wind from the dark sky of rainy Commerce into a bright blue atmosphere of pretty Resort.
Resort. Warehouse. sunny sky. no clouds. 88F. afternoon. The manicured grass and pretty colored flower beds around the targeted Complex fills my gray eyesight with pain as my zipper scanners reveal three full and loaded star ship Freighters filled with various commodities and goods which is exactly the list on the secret spy mini-bot. I sigh with shock.
Dirk, we should kill the attack plans and stole the shipments of goods. This stuff is priceless, food, medical equipment, new bots, uniforms, and weapons. I suggest.
Thanks for your unofficial Royal opinion Starra but stick with my plan here. Destroy everything and everyone. Dirk demands over the comfone system in the ram ship.
Hes crazy. I mumbleway too loudly via comfone.
I agree. Pilot #3 returns back into the air waves.
Ya planning a mutiny, Commander. Captain remarks.
Only if youre with me, Captain. I tease and laugh since this man doesnt like me, trust me or need me.
Dirk connects, links, and Teles to me. Keep your comments to yourself, Starra.
Stay out of my head, Your Highness! I connect, link, and Tele back to Dirk.
Accurate and precise red, yellow, green, and blue maser rays hit the many grounded steel plated transports blowing the priceless items into the air, against the strong building, and around the pretty manicured lawn as I moan. What a waste? Yellow and red fires immediately erupt inside the vehicles, along the ground, and around soft parts of the building as I watch bots explode like fireworks and citizens scatter like lost sheep while our masers fire prettily at the targets.
I drop my zipper like a bird from a pacing speed and roll into a dive towards the dirt in front of the destroyed Complex terrifying the hired help as I land and jump out of my zipper with my twin masers drawn T-canning with Telekinesis the viewing area for a surprise ambush as I calmly stroll to the front door destroyed by me. I sigh with perfection.
As I round the hidden corner, I T-shove with Telekinesis out of eyeball range chunks of large concrete from the broken wall then step into eyeball view and motion with my left hand for my team to follow me into the destroyed building as I lead the ground troops into the north side surveying the dirty mess inside the many rooms while looking for any breathing survivors as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
Down, get down! I yell as many pieces of broken ceiling beams smack the walls, landing on the messy floor as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
Chunks of sharp materials pound onto us from the ceiling and the sides of the damaged room as I T-view with Teleclairvoyance that the building is stable but the enemy shoots their maser shots that violently slam into the wall, the ceiling, and the furniture zinging around hard objects tagging usthe standing flesh and bone. I sigh with annoyance.
My troopers land on belly button upon the floor, covering their heads with their hands since this is too close for Mamas comfort. I sigh with danger.
Do something? Someone shouts into the room as I have no choice since I really dont want to hurt anyone but, the enemy isnt reciprocating the same touching sentiment then I T-probe with Telepathy finding the small pocket of ambushers thats spread out like gophers along a wall which is hidden behind a secret vertical panel that locates on the other side of the wall which is using us as target practice. I sigh with annoyance.
Crawling on my belly fat I maneuver to the wall, hiding below the numerous cracked openings deciding to use a yellow maser ray to open a hole then stun them into sleeping with the blue beam as I snort with genius. I conclude that theyll be unharmed while I get to deal with live hostages and with Dirk. Yall know.Ill deal with Dirk about that issue later. I sigh with exasperation.
PING! PING! PING! PING! Another set of accurate shots into the torn furniture as the debris sends shreds of tiny cloth into the air as I examine the weak point within the damaged wall with a critical Tele-eye then I T-shoot with Telekinesis my ray gun as I mew. Im good.
I T-track with Teleclairvoyance following my yellow shot as it penetrates the opening successfully and bounces off the filing cabinet, landing on the back wall and creating a new wall decoration. I sign with relief.
I impale five more maser points of blue light into the enclosed secret room as each one bounces up, down, sideways, zig zag, diagonal, vertical, and horizontal hitting a single target since I T-see with Teleclairvoyance fleshy bodies fall against the wall, onto the floor, and over the furniture, unconscious. I sigh with life.
Enjoy your nap, guys! I whisper like delicate butterflys wings as I giggle with a girly twang terminating my enemy fire immediately as my once doubtful and uncertain warriors shout with cheers like sea lions at play.
Good job, Commander. I dont care what they say about you. Youre alright. One of my officers comments into my face of the newly formed Commander Starra Club.
I giggle with delight, complimenting. Thanks, ensign.
Dirk said no survivors. Captain bad breathes next to my ear, throat and left nostril with fury.
Yeah and thats my problem, isnt it, Captain? I warmingly warn as I sneer with more fury.
More than you know Captain threatens as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
A loud noise fills the destroyed room as pieces of weak ceiling plaster rapidly smash onto the floor then I swiftly drop my body to the messy tile, covering my pretty skull while following my lead so do my troopers while I mentally think that I missed more of the enemy. I sigh with confusion.
The entire wall nosily shifts then suddenly falls on top of the sleeping hostages as I jump, kitten-like up from the floor witnessing the pretty ugly horror using my Tele-eyesight upon the unconscious bodies and my natural eyeballs at the wall since I cant stop the flowing motion of gravity against the damaged wall. The chunks are too small to grab by my right hand and too quick with T-power of Telekinesis as the tall indigo wall folds like tuna sandwich bread fitting perfectly together as it hits and crashes the citizens instantly. I sigh with shock.
Dust particles settle as my lead scouts jump, T-rex over the piles of plaster as Scout #1 yells touching the single body. Life signs.on this oneall dead. I sigh with distress.
Captain slaps my left shoulder with a large hand as I tumble forward, catching my person using Telekinesis as he congratulations. Way to go, Commander! You dont seem to have a problem with Dirk anymore. Do you?
Secure the area! I order with a low growl in bass flute as Dirks soldiers bolt out of my gray eyesight in different directions throughout the occupied building and surrounding grounds as I stare at the dead and dying bodies use T-scan with Telemetabolics, feeling the discharge of each soul in my sad and sharp mind. Some have expired while some are bleeding to death and some are gasping for their last breathe. I sigh with prayer.
I feel sad performing this death march but my troopers think Im a hero as heavy foot falls fill the hallway as I kneecap upon the flooring, drawing the maser rifle for another surprise attack in the direction of the door, watching Dirk appear in the door frame as he smiles and claps like a happy child. I sigh with disappointment.

Survivors? Dirk yells.
None, Sire. Captain answers for me.
How many fatalities? Dirk chuckles as he inquires, scanning the blood stains on the floor.
Hard to pinpoint maybefifteen. Captain guesses as his face scans the wall and floor of blood stains.
Starra, good work! Dirk slaps me on the right shoulder like an old faithful friend as I burn red hot melting invisible fire balls into his happy face and comments. I knew I could count on you.
I want the official number of kills. Captain orders to the ensign.
Thirty five. I math. I sign with sorrow.
How does she know? Captain stares at me, inquiring.
She knows. Dirk smile nodding his skull to Captain.
Incoming! Controller screams from the outer hallway.
What? I smart-hole flipping my curls to Controller whos scans the mini-bot with both his hands and eyeballs.
We have incoming ships heading for the compound. Controller repeats as I rush to a blown out window surveying the blue sky over Resort confirming Controller is correct then I T-count with Telekinesis fifty carriers and zippers modified with reinforced shields and new weapons.
STANG! I sing in piccolo music since War in the past alien time lines my only goal has been to find and to kill Dirk which I have failed miserably time after time. NowI work for Dirk. I sigh with defeat.
I face flip to my troopers and shout. RETREAT. I follow the garrison and Dirk out of the building as I gallop like a horse towards my zipper for a swift and neat exit off the asteroid then suddenly stop and double curse. DOUBLE STANG! The hostages arent the only victims in the raid since our zippers are violently vandalized with the internal gears wires have been pulled and viewing windows are smashed while the air wings are viciously mutated. The thing cant be rolled around the corner without dragging missing pieces of metal as I growl in a wounded animal sound. Stang! I and my crew are trapped like wild foxes inside the forest as my Tele sense ping. Everything aint fine.
I jump, kitten-like to my right side onto the dirt as a stream of green and yellow streaks of maser waves hit my zipper for the second time in my spot then swiftly stand and order. Get to your ships, cover the King. I command as I pace towards Dirk, covering his Royal bee_hind with my gritted biting teeth.
Cover fire, get the King to safety. My verbal command rotates from one set of lips to other lips as I spray red maser rays into the clear blue skies at the advancing flying enemy transports that are too fast and too well shielded. Then, I face flip to view the Royal carrier ship vanishing into like a bolt of lightning into hyper speed with Dirk being safe but.Iamnot. I sigh with doom.
Get under cover! I yell with a T-kick of Telepathy to warn every team member as I mew like a sleepy kitten. This aint my day. I Tele-dash then Tele-leap, T-rex into the damaged opening of the crumbling building for any additional cover to my pretty head as the ambush is upon us, not on Rann.
Rann has set Dirk up for the fall as Dirk falls along with me since Im caught in the middle of the cross fire, hoping that Rann enjoys and entertains prisoners who are alive and breathing. No wonder Dirk has the right geographical coordinates and timing of the supply ships since some one of the spies is spying on both Dirk and Rann. I sigh with panic.
I climb the last step of the stair top into the too familiar room while me and my team are penned in the middle of the building on the second floor where I have accidentally harmed the Ranns citizens. I sigh with trouble.
We got a big problem. Were surrounded Commander. Ensign shows me on the comlen.
WHAT? I smart-ass. I sigh with shock.
I T-probe with Telepathy scanning the lower floor and outside grounds of the building noting Ensign is correct as I watch Ranns warriors crawl all over the floor like cockroaches and start walking up the stairs like real warriors with their real loaded and charged masers ready for a real bloody fight. Therere more warriors above us on the upper floor since the second floor has one entrance and one exit which at the moments being guarded by my troopers and used as a prison to containus as I mew. This aint my day.
Orders, Commander? Captain yells at me. I sigh with defeat.
Stang! I growl like a wounded animal since Im stressed from the deaths I caused which has blocked my special talents of Tele powers. I function on pure logic thats very flawed as well seeing the twelve gals and guys under my command, desiring to leave and go home to their families. I make a very important executive decision since Im going to kill Dirk with my bare hands when I return to Commerce in his newly decorated Throne Room then the War will be over once and for all while Rann rules for next hundred and fifty years with peace as I mumble. Time to perform a heroic feat, cowgirl.
What? Captain face flips to me, inquiring with tight lips.
Stay down! Ill take care of this. I order and stand.
What are going to do, Starra? Captain continues.
Whats she doing? Officer #2 asks, watching me.
Watch and learn boys. I smirk with future victory.
She gots guts. Officer #3 compliments as she chuckles.
I think shes as crazy as our king. Officer #4 remark and doesnt chuckle.
I hold twin masers weapons parallel to the floor at the weak point of the wall since I can control my side of the plaster, surrounding us with a T-shield then, I fire into the solid wall as particles and beams of plaster parts crumble down hitting the T-shielding. I allow gravity to take hold of the entire wall as it rattles then rumbles on the opposite side of my warriors and me which suddenly falls on top of the approaching enemy squads skulls as I hear distance yells and faint cries of injured and frightened voices and last minute vocal commands. I T-pull with Telekinesis the wall faster than normal gravity is doing until the powdery dust settles on the flooring while no one stands alive and breathing. I sigh with sadness.
I hear a noise with my big Tele-ears coming above the ceiling tiles as I T-probe with Telepathy to scan the area, mewing. This aint my day. I powder the roof nails with my maser red rays as scary yells and death moans of enemys lips ring inside the rafters along with running and galloping booted feet as the pieces of ceiling particles, lots of severed body parts, and colored liquid of red, blue, and orange fall from the heavens upon the dirty floor at my boot feet.
Get under cover! Stay there! I yell with a T-kick of Telepathy and T-shield my team as I swiftly flick the dangerous debris away from me and my troopers towards the many big holes within the floor, surrounding the open wall cracks as I T-vacuum the air of wall and ceiling parts then yell. CLEAR! I watch happy team member jump, kitten-like from the dark shadows, surveying the surrounding wall damage, and dead bodies of the enemy.
Good job, Starra! Captain praises me.
Move out! I order before something bad happens to me that I cant control or I cant predict since my T-senses arent functioning at hundred percent when I become emotional upset over events that I cant control as the irritating squawking noises surrounded the room, the door, and me.
Starra, watch out! Someone forcefully pushes my shoulders down to the floor as some tenor voice yells above my curls while something heavy hits my curls with a badass brute strength.
I fall sideways, landing on the dirty floor with my body but my pretty skulls hit onto a large object protruding from the floor, feeling instantaneous pain as the warm and soothing heat forms upon my sweaty forehead of some type of liquid flowing at the corner of my temple into my left eye. My blood.
This aint my day. I mentally think as my right eyeball watches the maser rifle slam into my left shoulder. PAIN!
I blink eyelashes close then open, see darkness then see light as my normal vision fells from a medical concession inside my brain, stretching my very limited T-senses as I sense that no one else has survived, not seeing any light source from any living object in the cold dark room with my metaphysical semi-conscious state as I fail my team members for a second time. I sigh with sorrow.
I cant move since I feel weak, tired, and paralyzed as my body aches while I close my eyelashes, desiring sweet sleep and a long rest then pop violently my eyelashes open, hoping to stay awake as I hear a set of faint voices coming from the steps towards the door frame.
Situation? Male tenor yells.
All dead, sir! Female soprano reacts.
How many of them? Male tenor asks.
I count twelve neat and pressed blue uniforms with the colored purple sashes. Female soprano reacts.
How many of ours? Male tenor voices.
Nat had a team of thirty five, sir. Female soprano reacts.
Stang! Any survivors? Male tenor asks.
No, Captain. Female soprano voices.
Start prepping the dead for transport. Male tenor commands as I realize that they do not see me and they are leaving without helping me while I lay dying on the floor.
Do something, Starra! My mental mind screams since I cant move my body but I see with my right eyeball the rifle lying on my left shoulder as I shift painfully my right arm. PAIN! Gravity causes the heavy weapon to hit the floor with a loud sound. THUMP!
Whats that noise? Search the floor? Male tenor commands as foot balls scoot and scrape over the wood, moving heavy items as the noise tumble toward me.
Over there Female soprano calls, moving booted feet closer to me.
Over here. Male tenor announces, squatting over my body.
Shes breathing, sir. Female observes as I slant my right eye sideways to see the person talking in my pretty face.
She is alive? Male tenor questions.
Head trauma, sir. Female soprano answers, touching my wound with a delicate touch.
Shoot her in the head, end her suffering. Male tenor orders.
Shes wounded, sir. Female soprano counters as she stands to argue with the male tenor.
I dont care. Kill her! Male tenor commands.
Youre ordering a murder to an innocent victim, Tom. Female soprano defends.
We are at War. Tom words without emotion.
Thats not Iras policy. Female soprano debates with Tom.
Do you see Ira standing here? We blew up the last shipment of medical supplies for this decoy which means no additional kits for us, much less for one of the enemy. Tom explains.
Rannll get more. He always does. Female soprano judges.
Ranns not here, either. Tom argues as I stir at the mention of Ranns name, trying to open my eyelashes and trying to speak, sounding like a baby deer fawn yawning.
She semi-conscious. Female soprano observes, squatting next to my face as I hear more noises in the far distance from the hallway then the sound of many booted feet of soldiers climbing the stairs to the second floor room.
Cover her mouth with something! Thats an order, Ensign. Tom issues as the warm hands place a smooth rag around my red blood lips then tucks the edge corners under my neck. PAIN!
What are the statistics, Ira? Male baritone trombone demands as I stir with slight movement of Iras name since he will help me, maybe not kill me as darkness invades upon my eyelashes.
Baritone tuba of Ira booms. Six zippers, four carriers, one passenger, zero freighters, three shipments of food, one shipment of miscellaneous bots in good condition, ten cases of weapons, four cases of uniforms and no medical supplies.
STANG! Male baritone trombone echoes.
It was the first target exploded on impact. The fires got the rest of the loaded shipment. Ira explains.
Have Tok find more medical kits? Male baritone trombone orders.
Yes, Sire. Ira obeys.
Survivors? Male baritone trombone inquires.
Zero, Sire. Ira answers.
STANG! Male baritone trombone yells as I ponder the familiar voice then I order my brain cells to react while my aching body doesnt function with the rag inside my mouth and body is paralyzed with pain from my injury as I go to Plan B make noise and.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Focus.
I T-scan with Telepathy any and all objects around me, seeing a chair, a desk, and two bots which are too heavy if one of these items lands on me Ill be permanently injured or closer to death than I am now. So, I can try to move the item but not control the direction flow of the air currents around the object being in a medical state of mind thats too weak and too vulnerable then, I see the small set of ink pens upon the desk. I T-zap with Telekinesis instructing my tired mind. ROLL. ROLL. ROLL. Over the edge of the desk each pen drops with action. TING! TING! TING!
Whats that sound? Male baritone trombone asks as booted foot move around the floor.
Wheres that noise coming from? Ira inquires, lifting light objects from the floor.
Over here! Male baritone trombone sounds as I hear heavy booted feet walking and kicking objects out of the way.
It sounded like it was over there in the opposite direction. Ira is wrong.
I think mentally ROLL!  I T-flair with Telekinesis as the single pen shifts with my action. TING!
Over here, under the desk. Ira identifies with accuracy as booted feet stumble towards me.
Move the desk. Male baritone trombone orders as I hear scraping noises near my body with my eyelashes closed since Im weak and helpless like a newborn kitten as my energy fades into total unconsciousness. 
I feel the warm body standing over me as baritone tuba of Ira asks. Whats this?
Strong warm fingers touch my throat, announcing. Shes alive. I recognize the touch of Rann as he tugs the cloth loose around my lips then a small yap of air explodes from my dry bleeding lips as Rann comments. Shes injured. Whys her mouth covered? Someone answer me, NOW. He growls like a preying tiger as I hear rustling of booted feet and a heavy object falling on the floor.
Sire, Captain Tom ordered me to kill her. Female soprano tattles.
Explain, Captain? Rann orders with fury.
Shes dying of a head injury. We dont have a trauma kit here. Why make her suffer the long ride back to headquarters? Shes going to dieanyways. Tom clarifies.
Thats your medical assessment of a captured prisoner. Who promoted you to Bbot? Rann inquires with a sneer.
Rann, I am doing her a favor. Tom pleads.
Take him away, Ira before I do him a favor. Rann orders with a snarl.
Yes, Your Highness. Ira obeys, shouting ugly words at Tom as they leave the room with heavy foot falls.
Bbot, medical condition? Rann orders.
Good vital signs, no broken bones, no internal bleeding but slight bruising throughout her body along with a mild concession and a deep abrasion to left temple. Please apply pressure to stop the bleeding, bandage the wound and stabilize the hover cot with four thrusters for a slow and steady pace to the medical vessel. She will live with a touch of tender loving care. Bbot machines in alto clarinet. Im going to live at least today against Toms wishes. That familiar name from my past alien time lines if I recall correctly has never liked me much. I sigh with un-friend.
Dirk is another familiar name that pops into my mind from my present alien time line if I recall is really disappointed. I sigh with failure.
No luck changing the programming on the medical bot, Ty. Rann asks his best friend as he twists his lips, ugly.
We tried. It apparently is an inside joke on you. Ty chuckles as he answers.
At least its a harmless joke onme. Rann chuckles as he reacts as I hear the chat and see darkness as they joke. I sigh with life.
I feel strong fleshy rough hands lift my bruised and aching body onto the soft cool fabric of the medical cot while my eyelashes are nailed shut then I feel the cot float into the air as I feel the warm sun light burn my freckled face for a few seconds before I drop into total darkness.
Day 130. Resort. damaged hotel. sunny sky. no clouds. 71F. morning. Up, get up! Wake up! Words shout as my body and my mind slowly shifts into physical action as I open eyelashes and blink once, twice then thrice seeing an indigo ceiling. I move my curls side to side with no pain as I focus eye balls left, seeing a line of open windows of light and sky then eye balls forward towards the indigo wallpaper of yellow flowers then I shift eyeballs right to the door. And, I conclude Im on Resort inside the compound of the enemy.
I upright, folding at my waist and scanning the full view of the room including bed, vanity mirror, a single chair, a four chest of drawers, and a private lavatory which isnt bad for a prison cell. Believe meIve been in worse spots during my previous alien visits within the universe as I giggle with a girly twang.
I shift both my legs off the bed as I slowly stand with no head aches, no dizziness, and no vomiting then I stomp one step with my right bare foot then my left foot until I stand in front of the mirror vanity, staring at my person as I giggle with silliness.
I wear many sets of bloody bandages around my forehead while the once ironed and pressed blue jacket and skirt is torn and ripped in thin shreds around various of my body parts as the fabric colors in dark spots consisting of my red blood, gray lint, black ink, brown dirt, and green grass. My thigh-high leather Navy boots are tattered and ripped and my pink fashion statement sash is tied around my waist coated with blood minus my weapons.
I remove the dried bloody head dressing while my temple wound has formed a small crusted scab within the outer edges colored in bright pink then T-heal with Telemetabolics so Ill look like my gorgeous and healthy self in one more day as I giggle while my Tele senses ping. Everythings fine.
I flash back mentally in the second time line when I visited Resort and Rann since I was captured by him, providing me food, clothes, and conversation completing the princess package.
My jail cell isnt air conditioned since the open windows give it away along with the strategic sections on the wall for a nice windy cross breeze while the prison door is slanted for extra ventilation coming across from the opposite side. I walk to the window seal, viewing the blue sky line as I lean out the open parchment noting the twenty stories of height and air which I cant jump out even with my awesome T-powers since Ill die definitely. I sigh with trap.
This planet is dead or restricted or something since I stay confused about the purpose of Resort during and after the Wars as I cock my curls sideways, hearing faint voices. I sigh with interest.
Prince Rann, General Ira. Bbot machines. Welcome, how are you doing this glorious morning?
Is the prisoner conscious? Rann asks the bio-medical robot.
The medical condition of my patient displays an excellent recovery and outlook. She will live with a touch of tender loving care. Bbot machines as I realize the clever medical phrase that I had programmed on Tech world as I giggle. I sigh with genius.
Thats my creativity line that got me one of four gold stars, promoted to commander, discovered by Dirk, and finally captured by Rann as I moan with truth being here on a dead planet. Since, this is all my fault being cute and clever since I had re-programmed the bot to get attention from Dirk and Rann. I sigh with misstep.
Whys the bot here? Ira asks.
The robot wanted to stay with the prisoner and monitor her medical condition. Rann explains.
It did. Thats highly usual behavior for a machine. Ira intrigues.
Some of the bots seem to possess personality flaws acting as personal attachments to people. This is one of them. Rann adds as he sniggers.
I recalled the bot was attached to you. Ira chuckles and comments.
Dont mention that again, or Ill build a hangmans podium in the ball room just for you, Ira. Rann threatens with a growl.
Sorry, Your Highness. Ira apologizes as he snorts lightly.
I dont have enough hands to watch my prisoner. The botll not let her escape. I programmed it myself. Rann prides with hi-tech knowledge.
Why are we here? Ira asks.
I want to check on my prisoner. Rann expresses.
Your meeting with Ty regarding the security comlens from the ambush is Ira starts.
I remember. Speaking of security, where did you put Tom? Rann inquires.
Ensign Tom is under my direct command, now. Ira updates.
Very good, Ira. Rann compliments.
Since, were here the prisoner needs to be interrogated. Ira suggests. She might yield valuable information about Dirks future attacks.
Dont count on it? Dirk does not use pawns for dangerous work like yesterday. Rann observes. Our Intel was correct. How many of his senior and junior staff officers were killed?
Controller tallied 5,000 dead and 2,000 injured. Ira maths.
You mean the injured that could crawl on the ground to the freighter and kissed his Royal feet. Rann shares.
It makes me sick to my stomach. Dirk orders his own people murdered if they cant move rather than let us take them prisoner and treat their injuries. The dead consisted of old men, women and children. Ira mentions.
Children? Rann remarks.
The young faces were teenagers estimated between fifteen to nineteen years of age. Ira informs.
Hes recruiting children in his ranks. This is good. Rann expresses.
This is very good. Dirkll be sending the kitchen cooks and cleaning maids next for fighting in the battles. Ira announces as he chuckles.
The Wars almost over. Rann concludes as he chuckles.
Id definitely say weve eliminated all his senior and junior officers. Ira comments.
Theres one more command officer Id like to get my hands on. Rann threatens with an evil tone.
I feel the same way, Rann. Ira concurs. What am I interested in is how this wounded solider was missed by Dirks troops?
I dont know. She wasnt missed by much. If that fool captain Rann remarks.
Ensign. Ira corrects.
Ensign had shot her in the head. Id not be having this conversation with you. Rann comments.
This is a golden opportunity to learn something about Dirks psyche and strategies. Ira notes.
He doesnt hire pawns. Rann repeats.
I agree. Ira notes.
She was there in the middle of the fighting. Dirks not a fool. She has something special. Rann proposes.
She might know something but is she willing to talk to us? Ira questions.
Ill interrogate her. Rann orders.
Not alone. Ira works.
You can watch. Rann commands. 
This aint my day. I mew as the jail door swings open while Rann enters first then suddenly halts then Ira suddenly stops behind him as they stall inside the archway, staring at me while I stand in front of my bunk. I sigh with fear.
It cant be. Ira whispers as my Tele-eardrums here the soft words pausing beside Rann.
You see it with your own eyes. Rann whispers as my Tele-eardrums here the soft words.
I cant believe it. Ira talks as I stare at them when Ira grabs his side arm pointing the maser at my pretty head as he tunes musically. I always like having excuse to kill. I sigh with death.
Rann, the supply ships have arrived. We need the bot. What the f Ty empties then face flips at me as he swiftly brings his maser to bear on me, also.
Dont touch her. Rann commands, staring at me.
Im going to kill her, not touch her. Ira threatens, staring at me.
No, thats a direct order. Rann instructs, staring at me.
Shes the one in the comlen. Ty observes, staring at me.
I can see that. Rann observes and smiles.
Shes dangerous, too dangerous, Rann. Ira warns.
Ill evaluate that risk. Rann reminds as he smiles.
Dont Rann? Dont allow her beauty to influence you? Ty comments.
Dirk thinks shes dead. Ira mentions.
Hes a fool to give up so easy. Rann comments, grinning.
Hes a lot of things but nobodys fool. Ty relays.
If we have a security leak anywhere in the compound and revealed shes alive Dirkll find for her. Ira reminds.
Let him, hell never find her or us. Rann chuckles at the idea.
He will try. Ty comments.
Lower your weapons and I will Rann orders, staring at me.
No way, if you talk to her. We all talk to her. Ty issues.
I want to know what valuable data she is willing to share if not willing maybe forcibly Ira demands.
Ira, you threaten her once more youll leave the cell block. Rann warns.
Yes, Sire. Ira obeys since Rann is fully in command.
Im staying. I want to here. Ty remarks.
Very wellbut Iwill be asking the questions. Rann reminds as Ira mumbles something incoherent then Rann reacts while staring at me. You wanted me to interrogate her for useful information, Ira.
I want her dead now. Ira threatens.
Dead people dont talk, Ira. Rann reminds.
In this instant, I concur, Ira nods his skull as he grins wickedly at me.
Bbot. Rann orders.
Yes, Sire. Bbot machines in alto tone, moving behind Rann then floats beside him.
Record this session please. Rann issues as the only gentleman in the room with the best manners in the universe.
Yes, Sire, ten in the morning. Bbot calls out as each noble grabs a chair, facing me as I eye burn them together while I re-seat upon the cot. I sigh with nervousness.
Youare a capture prisoner in my camp. Youwill not be harmed unless you cause harm. Rann slice eyeballs to Ira then returns his eyeballs to me and intros. I am Prince Rann. This is General Ira and Ambassador Ty to my right. You might recognize our faces from old comlens or our name.
This aint a tea party, Rann. Get to business! Ira snaps impatiently, fingering the maser.
Rann calmly continues, ignoring angry Ira to me. I know who you are. Im a teen alien from Earth. Hold the comfone! Ranns referring me as Dirks lackey which I am not proud of especially at the moment. I sigh with embarrassment.
We know who you are and saw you on the security comlen from yesterdays ambush of our warriors. Why did you attack them? Ira poses as I stare at him silently.
Are you still injured? Rann asks. Bbot has stated you have recovered from your injuries.
She understands just continue the interrogation. Ty orders.
You are Dirks right hand man Commander of his troops who happens to be killing my people. I was winning the War until you showed up. Rann notes as he snarls.
What planet do you reside? Ira inquires.
I dont think you know how valuable youre to my operations. I might add Dirk doesnt know youre alive. Rann words inaccurately since Dirk has telepathy and knows that I live.
Lets not disappoint, Dirk. Ira grins with a wicked smile, stroking his maser between his thumb and forefinger.
Shes deadly just like a Sahara sand snake. Kill her! Ty grabs the hilt of his maser.
I am impressed with your warrior skills, Commander. Rann compliments and smiles.
She murders people in cold blood. She didnt give Nats team time to surrender. She blasted them in cold blood. Ira tattles.
We are at War, Ira. Rann comments.
I dont care. There are also terms of surrender protocols for parties at War. Ira judges.
Dirk does not practice the rules of battlefield engagement. Dirk ignores them. He kills his own people for getting shot. Ty reminds.
She does not practice them either. Ira guesses.
Under his orders Rann defends.
Ask her why you didnt take hostages? Ira suggests.
You see, Rann. Shes not going to tell us anything or cooperate. Ty explains.
Eliminate her! Thats the only real option here. Ira orders as he shifts the maser from the pouch.
Did I not give you a warningIra? Rann face flips into Iras skull as he threatens twice against me.
We all saw your performance, Commander. You entered the building and found Nats team behind the wall you crawled on the floor and blasted the wall it fall onto them killing all the citizens then you performed the same maneuver a second time on the assault team. Ira story tells.
Do you have no remorse for your action? Ty questions. 
I connect, link, and Tele to Rann. The Wall.
Did anyone consider the fact maybe the wall was structurally unsound with all the shooting and blasting in the room. Rann comments even with my mental thoughts.
Were we planning to take prisoners, Ira? Ty asks.
I didnt consider anything passed her. Shes the brains. Ira compliments.
And the executor. Ty adds.
Dirk is the brains. Rann substitutes.
He tells her what to do and she does it. Ty comments May I add with perfection, the perfect killing machine, a venomous vamp, a beautiful woman?
We should have been so smart. Rann chuckles, face flipping his skull to Ty.
Rita is a poor excuse for a vamp. Isnt she, Rann. Ty teases as he grins while Rann chuckles along with Ira.
Ritas here and still alive in the time line. I wonder when I get to be tortured by her. I sigh with pain.
We sent Rita to capture Dirk. She cant find him. Ty roar with laughter joins by Rann and Ira as I sit here plotting an excellent escape plan. I sigh with defeat.
What about her? Ty tosses his jaw at me, inquiring.
Shes my hostage. Rann announces wildly.
Hostage? Ira questions as he face flips to Rann. You mean prisoner, dont you?
Rann grins, adding. That, too.
What are you up to Rann? Ty asks.
Rann examines his polished boots as he breathes deeply then comments. The impossible and I hope to success.
Succeed in what? Ira asks.
Im going to use her(points at me)against Dirk just like I tried with Rita. Rann suggests.
Brilliant idea! Ty compliments.
I dont like it. Shes not going to cooperate. Ira expresses.
She does not have too but I need her alive and breathing. My new order is no harm to our guest, the commander. Rann issues as he stands from chair while Ira and Ty exit my prison cell then Rann inquires. Do you have a name? He smiles, staring at me as he delights. Ill find out sooner, or later. Then he shouts. Bbot.
Yes, Sire. Bbot machines in alto tone.
Secure the area! Rann orders as its lights blink red, blue, and green and short and long antennas spring from the sides and top of the floating silver trash can similar to my garage pail on Earth.
Area secured, Prince Rann. Bbot machines as the lights blink off.
Lunch for our guest served in her jail cell. Rann orders.
Yes, Sire. Bbot machines, obeying the verbal command of Rann moving into the empty hallway.
Thank you. He studies me then comments. Robots are great servants. Arent they? He remarks as he stares into my soul and compliments. Enjoy your long term stay, Commander. He swings his body at the archway then pauses and pivots his skull, staring at me and finally he disappears into the darkness as the door slams shut as the bolt locks from the outside by Bbot.
Yes, they are. I whisper like a set of butterfly wings.
hot sunny afternoon. The jail cell door opens as Bbot enters with a tray of covered platters with stream leaking from the lids, shouting. Lunch time, Commander. Bot places the food on the table against the wall then turns to view me as it stops and records me since I do not move.
It finishes then leaves the jail cell, closing the door, spying on my actions and my words as ordered by Rann. I sigh with silence.
I T-probe with both Telepathy and Telekinesis the hall way and other rooms beyond my jail confinement for my awesome plot. No comlens! No comfones! Once upon a time everyone was safe and happy before Dirk took over as the king, now everyone is partying with Rann on the asteroid of Resort except me. I sigh with depression.
I Tele-see Bbot posing as a watch doggie outside in the quiet and empty hall way sitting silently on the clean tile. I sigh with task.
I T-poke with Telepathy locating the toggle switch inside the bot as I wave my right hand back and forth like a flag then magically using my Telekinesis the toggle flip to the up position for powering down. I catch the heavy machine using my Telekinesis before it hits the tile making too much sound as I open the locked door using my Tele powers. Twisting the robot to the front I start my homework assignment as I giggle while re-programming the third nested computer sub-routine for both audio and visual record tracing.
Type this, type that, end of program. I smile with a wicked grin since Im very good at computer science programming as I quote. Documentationof nothing. I state and giggle then continue typing with finger pads. Confirmationof nothing. I state and giggle then wrap up typing with finger pads. Verificationof nothing. I state and giggle.
I have successfully re-programmed the bot to document an event, and then erase it. Confirm it documented an event, and then erase the documented confirmation and record the stored confirmed documented event, and then verify the documented and confirmed event has been erase as I giggle and mew. Im a genius.
I re-activate the bot as Bbot floats in the air with lights red/green/blue blinking and antennas wiggling as I giggle, growing tired from my work of programming and too heated from the weather to eat. So, I lay on my cot pondering an escape plan. I sigh with desire.
red and yellow sunset. 85F. evening. Bbot slams the door open and machines. Good evening, Commander. Clean up time. It enters, halts, and records me sitting upon my messy cot then stops recording as it turns to the table with the dinner food, filling the water pitcher with cool liquid. I eye the food tray and covered plates filled with meats, vegetables, fruits, breads, and desserts since I didnt eat as Bbot lifts the full tray and leaves then bed time begins as I fall asleep in the hot and heated room.
Day 131. prison. blue skies. no clouds. 91F. afternoon. BANG! I awake from the loud noise outside my jail cell as someone enters my private chamber. I adjust eyelashes from the soft lighting used in the evening hours to keep the heating elements down in the room to the figure in the right corner.
So, youre the big bad commander for Dirks troops. Tall blonde female with alto clarinet voices as I curl upon the cot, staring at her as she continues. Iwas once on the Royal committee and served with Dirk before the War. She stares studiously at me then continues. Ifind him an exciting man. Whats your opinion? She stares studiously at me then continues. Iwas wondering. Is there something between you and Dirk? She stares studiously at me as she continues. I guess not. She answers for me moving around the small space to the closet touching it with her hand and intros. I am Viscountess Rita of the planet of Tech. She extends her slim hand to me as she continues. Arent going to converse to me either? She observes. Ira told me you were stubborn. She continues. I can be your friend. Believe me, sweetie! You need friends on this planet, at least one or maybe two.
Im in danger, not from Rann but you since you have never been my friend in any alien time line since Ive landed in this universe. I sigh with danger.
I cant reveal information about our camp. The data is secret. But I can say youare not very popular here. As a matter of fact youare hated and loathed. She explains. I brought your breakfast. The foods very good quality from Agri. I dont want to give you the impression its drugged or something. Its not. The chow comes straight from the kitchen. Rann eats it himself. You do know this is a hotel or it used to be. Rann does everything to feed, house and shelter us during the War.
I do enjoy hearing the extra information, not the messenger as I scan her open mental mind noting Rita is correct the food is delicious and harmless but Im not hungry. I sigh with danger.
She opens the storage closet listing. Blankets, pillows, and linens are here. Theres no air conditioning but I guess you figured that out. You once ironed and pressed uniforms going to get hot. Ill find something else for you to wear since youare going to be a guest for a while per Ranns orders. She giggles girly as I note that my uniform is hot and itchy against my healing body as Rita waltzes to the edge of my bed then comments. I usually dont compliment citizens. I dont like you but Im making an exception in this case. Youare very beautiful. I can see Ranns fascination with you. Know thisHe. Is. Mine. Iwill kill for that man. She spits the words of venom.  Ira finds you competent and brilliant in War strategic. I told him its Dirk who has all the brains. But he insists giving you credit for implementation. After all you have managed to blow up quiet a few of our facilities. Kings needs generals. Right? She grins with a wickedly smile then comments. Im complimenting you. Arent you going to say something? She teases. There are not many nobles left in the universe. Dirk controls all the planets on the other side of the Wall. If Rann did not own the planet of Sahara, the War would be over. Hes worth billions of currs. He can buy anything he wants. She grins then continues. Tok hates you but he does admit that he respects your rank. A woman leading an army you do rate high in his book on that. Tok is very direct with his emotions and insights since he doesnt play games or mutter insignificant antidotes. I like Tok and respect his tremendous brute strength and a sharp direct mind from the power of six feet and seven inched male when hes not drinking.
Dont I get a thank you or at least a nod? She asks. Enjoy your day, Commander. Rita pauses as she eye burns me inside the open archway then disappears from the prison room. Shes well mannered even through Ritas mean and vile. I sigh with danger.
I deeply and truly love Rann but cant help him since he doesnt seem to love me but want to use me for his personal gains. I hate Dirk but cant kill him. Geez! I scratch my healing body beneath the light wool fabric. Ritas correct that this uniform is hot in the humid and warm weather. I sigh with heat.
I pad to the open window, calculating the angle of the sun close to eight in the morning sweating like a plantation pig. My uniform is ruined, tearing the sleeves completely off to the shoulders ripping the high neck collar off the jacket as I clear the hot fabric from my wet neck then I remove my torn tights. I sigh with danger.
Ive not traveling any where soon if I understand Ranns warning and Ritas explanation as I watch the march of the Sentry guards along the dirt and parallel towers. Every twenty feet a guard unit with masers, swords, darts, comfones, and clubs as ordered by Ira who knows his primary job as a good protector of his King. I sigh with danger.
Day 132. prison. blue sky. no clouds. 82F. early morning. The sun light burns legs with instant heat awaking me from slumber since Im still a prisoner of Rann. Good morning, Commander. Breakfast time. Bbot machines slamming the unlocked door open as it stops in the middle of the room with the food tray in its mechanic limbs, scanning me then finishes as I gently snicker.
Bbot places the tray of fresh food on the table, filling the water pitcher with liquid since the humid night air has evaporated over 90% of the glass container then bot leaves the room, re-latching the bolt.
I sit on the bed cot staring at the silver tray, using my Telemetabolics as I scan the cuisine underneath the dome. Two plates fill with eggs, bacon, bread, fruits, cereals, milk, and pastries as I smell deliciousness to my hungry tummy and trusting Rann has not poisoned or drugged the food. I stand and pace right foot then stop as I analyze that Im both a prisoner and hostage to be used in some type of negotiation for peace, for supplies, or for freedom, not my freedom of course. I sigh with annoyance.
I further analyze that prisoners should not eat, sleep, talk and be tortured as I giggle at my silly mental thoughts. Im not talking. Im not being tortured. Im sleeping since Ill pass out with exhaustion if I dont nap. Im not eating as I mew. This aint my day.
I think too much since Im not going to cooperate ever, never as a prisoner of War. I sigh with regret.
If I cooperate in any form, hell use me then Rann might start to trust me in turn Dirkll most definitely kill Rann. I sigh with doom.
Bbot slams the door open, machines. Clean up time. The robot enters, halts, and scans me as I giggle then removes the full tray of food as it exits the jail cell. I lay on the cot, cat napping in the hot and humid weather, dreaming about escape.
hot sunny afternoon. Good afternoon, Prince Rann! Bbot machines in alto clarinet.
Disengage. How is my prisoner? Rann inquires.
The prisoner is in excellent health but not eating her nutritious meals. She will live with a nice touch of tender loving care. Bbot machines.
I giggle and mew. Im brilliant.
Thank you for the medical assessment. Open the door. Rann orders as I sit cross legged on the cot, looking pretty good but Im not going to tattle anything just like before during my first intimidationnawinterrogation because I do not know anything.
Rann stands in the door frame, looking so handsome and fit wearing his open vest of ripped arms muscles along with the matching slacks tucked into shiny black knee boots without the black sash as I note the tiny droplets of sweat on his face, neck, and chest as I swoon in my strong and pounding heart with true love. I sigh with true love.
Hello, Commander. Rann greets with a smile then body spins to the side table, lifting the dome taking one of the plates filled with food, carrying it to the night stand beside my bed cot. He pulls the chair closer to the table staring at me as I stare at him. He comments. I understand from my staff youre not eating. He face etches both concern and worry then continues. This is not good He eats one of the grapes from my plate. for me.
Rann sighs then breathes deeply as he inquires. Is the food not to your liking? Do you require a different menu? He smiles with his famous smile, staring at me beseeching me to speak just one sentence, maybe one word then comments. I have to warn you our medical wing is not as sterile or fully equipped with medicines, bots or supplies which you are accustomed under the kingship of Dirk on Commercebut I also get the impression that you dont visit the medical ward often. He smiles at me.
Dirk has mentioned that Ranns Tele abilities are peaking as I find it hard to resist him since Rann has excellent citizen reading skills built within his personality gene pool. No woman can resist his charm. No man can resist his command.
I have witnessed that fact in every alien time line and definitely trying very hard to resist this mans charm in this time line, in this room, on this planet in this universe. I sigh with true love.
I find it absolutely amazing your head wound healed in two days. He compliment and smiles as I desire to smile, to talk, to move but Im a prisoner. Rann desires information about Dirk, the army, and the War. Actually, I dont have data to give him since Dirk has selected the targets, the troops, and days and I follow the orders. I dont know compounds, bases, ranks, names, supplies, shipments, and other stuff that Rann can use against Dirk. I sigh with dumbness.
Dirk wants me to use my Tele powers destroying the buildings and citizens which has captured me by Rann but I do plan to use my Tele powers against Dirk once I have developed, implemented and executed a brilliant escape plan. I sigh with smartness.
Alas! Id like to stay and finish my one-sided conversation but I have a War to run. He grins with a sexy smile then adds. Jokes arent my specialty. Sorry! He lean over invading my space from the chair, complimenting. Youare a very defiant personality. I have greatly underestimated you, Commander. I guess Ill have implement Plan B. Rann smiles with an evil grin. I sigh with suspense.
Rann leans closer into my pretty face, barely whispering into my left ear. By the way, I know youre planning an escape. Your movements have been most logical. Id be doing the same if I were a captive in my possession. He smiles, staring deeply into my gray eyes then he stands as he kicks the chair against the wall and offers. I wish you luck, Commander. Good Day!
Prison. Sunset. clear skies. no clouds. 91F. evening. Sirens blow and whistles toot as the comfones blare into the heavens with the words. AIR RAID, AIR RAID, AIR RAID
I leap, kitten-like from the cot, pathing to the open window seeing big and little flying ships in the distant skies in attack formation. Dirk knows Im here because Rann has a spy in his compound. I sigh with death.
BOOM! A blast hits the roof top sending parts of indigo tiles raining down from the heavens, crashing onto the ground. Im going to get killed since the first target of any air raid is the tallest building housing the Royal penthouse suites and I qualify for that description.
Time for plan B, escape. I whisper into the breeze as I slam open the jail door using my Telekinesis. Bbot is needed on the ground treating the real injured and dying as a bio-medical robot which overrides Ranns carefully constructed prisoner sub-routines as I smile with wicked thoughts. Im free as a bird only if I had wings as I flash back mentally in the second time when Rann captured me on Resort.
THUMP! THUMP! Noises erupt from the corridor interrupting my daydreaming as I growl. I have company. Ira is smart but Rann is smarter as I easily knock out the two approaching heavy muscle bound guards with folded fists then twist my body to the side door as I mew. My passage to freedom.
I bolt down to the eighteenth floor the patio, scanning the sun patio, chairs, swimming pool, towels, and moving people as I plow my leaping booted feet into their chests. Taking a second survey of the patio, I see non-moving people, swimming jackets, tubes, and a set of long rope used to draw cords for crowd controls of guests. Excellent! 
I rip the metal stays from the cement platform elongating the cord using my Telekinesis. CLANK!  The metal prong hits the fifth floor at the sun patio so I can rappel down and jump to safety using my Telekinesis, smiling. Grabbing a dry towel to cover the burn slide of the rope to my hands, I jump into the air traveling like an out of control solar train as I slow my descent and land softly onto the wet cement. I crouch down low hiding behind a chair, gathering all the my Tele strength I somersault into a diving position then turn upright for the landing on my feet, tucking my knees and rolling onto the soft green grass as I stop tumbling my body then breathe air into my lungs, giggling. Im free.
Jumping to my feet for an escape I gasp at the obstacle in my path, staring at Rann. He is parallel to my position 35 feet away as he smiles and holds a stun maser in his right hand and a sword in his left in a self defense stance ready for a fight. As usual I am unarmed with no weapons for an offensive attack or defensive stance. I sigh with disappointment.
Rann intros in baritone trombone. Hello, Commander.
STANG! I yell.
He lectures amusingly. Have you ever heard the expression keep your friends close but your enemies closer? Yeah, its an ancient saying from Earth that I have never needed to use but it does apply in this situation. I admit Ranns clever with the old Earth terms and can spit them out religiously during the right circumstances. This is definitely the right situation. I sigh with inconvenience. 
I wonder if he has ever visited Earth and if hed like to one day since I wish to be on Earthnow.
Youre my number one enemy, Commander. I plan to keep you as close to me as possible. He smiles and threatens lovely as he struts manly into my direction.
This aint my day. I mew as I conclude that I need to finish off Dirk because if I dont the War will go on too long. Anyhow, Dirk knows Im alive and isnt looking for help me but kill me. I sigh with distraction.
I cant involve Rann because I truly love him but he doesnt know that or me in the sixth time line. I glance my eye balls at the blue skies shifting in the late afternoon hours creating a red and yellow sun beams on the green grass which is a nice foto of a romantic day on a lunch picnic with the man I love. I sigh with daydreaming.
I glance right, seeing soldiers fighting with downed troopers as dancing citizens run to the shelters then I swing my face to the left more of the same scene then face flip to Rann. He doesnt seem to notice the commotion around him as he calmly walks towards me like a stroll in the park on a warm Sunday afternoon. I sigh with panic.
I survey my situation swiftly viewing the hotel wall behind me and eliminate that option of climbing back up to the hotel since Id be trapped with all the guards running up and down the corridors. The other option is to fight against Rann since I really dont want to hurt him but I really have no choice as yellow masers waves peppered the empty space between Rann and me. Rann jumps backwards from the burning grass, stops then crouches low on one knee scanning the over head skies for additional maser waves. I sigh with duty.
I bolt with panic and determination, running left, heading between the two towers which are broken, battered, and damaged from neglect, battles, and age as a garrison of ten soldiers round the corner as I mew. This aint my day. I halt and look up and down the towers, determining my limited option is the wall on the right.
Stacks of wooden boxes line sides all the way to the third floor so I can climb to the third floor, seeing the outline of another sun patio then I can run around the other side of the building, jump to safety easier avoiding the oncoming troops and the soon approaching Rann and escape, stealing a ship. Go!
I face flip to assess Ranns position as he kneecaps on the ground looking around the area for invading ships and attacking fire power as I smirk. Not fast enough today, sweetheart. I blow an invisible kiss into the wind to Rann my true love then I face flip towards the building and warn. Dirk, youre next. Im coming for you, boy.
I T-jump with Telekinesis the three feet high box to the top then the second and fifth stave drop to the brown dirt below as I stagger my balance, landing on my kneecaps painfully. The boxes are made of heavy sturdy tree wood but aged with rot and time of decades leaning against this wall. This aint my day. I mew then target the second box using my Telepathy with a landing position on the wood thats hard, not rotting from decay and.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I T-leap and T-land falling on my kneecaps as I stumble forward into the wall then quickly use both my arms to stop my momentum before smashing my pretty face against the hard and rough concrete tower wall as dizziness attacks my eye sight and pretty head, feeling weak as I groan. Whats wrong with me?
Lack of energy from the lack of food, I havent eaten technically in two days being captured at three in the afternoon. Its now roughly five in the evening thats 42 hours without food based on the current Resort time dial monitor. Ive been drinking water to maintain fluids and resting since I actually sleep due to the heat and lack of cooling air which has contributed to not doing much in terms of physical exercise. The dive from the hotel floor has drained more my Tele energy than I realize and.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
Take one box at a time, be slow and cautious as I focus on the next spot of the fifth box using my Telepathy then I leap, T-rex high enough to clear the edge and land into the wall bracing my body trying to avoid smashing my nose. Dizziness invades my mind as weakness tingles in my legs and arms, shaking uncontrollable as I continue. I sigh with escape.
I see the third floor with my normal vision since Im very close. There are two more boxes left to jump. Once I reach the patio I can drag myself over the border of the patio with my physical strength and.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
See the spot in my Telepathic mind, I hold my breath as I leap and land, falling on kneecaps almost kissing the wood panels with my pretty face as I breathe hard and short and.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I stand upright on shaky legs, raising my arms, touching the cement block with my right hand which leads to the open brick terrace. I grab the rough surface starting to pull the rest of my tired body up the wall since Im almost there and free. I sigh with escape.
The rough hand grabs my arm, jerking me as I lift upright into the wind, clearing the rotten boxes, and rough cement blocks, landing on my feet safely on the hard deck. The action is so swift to my body that my vision still blurs with stars and stripes of bright white and yellow colors. I stumble forward into my rescuer blind in my eyes dizzy in my pretty head and weak in my legs. Strong biceps embrace my unsteady body covering my weak back muscles and neck with rough hands since Im very grateful for the Teddy bear hug. I dont really think I can stand on my own two feet without collapsing to the brick patio in exhaustion.
Thank you! I whisper meekly as I breathe hard and short surprised from the unnatural maneuver and stunned from the dizzying thrill ride.
Hello, again Commander. Rann voices in his sexy baritone trombone as I pop open my eyelashes, staring into brown happy eyeballs and sappy smirk. I feel panic, weak and trapped as I try to move arms which are held tightly in a crisscross position on my chest then I try to kick him in the shins but my knees buckle with weakness. I try to scream as musically puffs of short breaths fill the air with no sound.
Rann moves his face closer to nose as I feel his warm sweet breath on my left cheek then his smooth cheek touches my sweaty face as he whispers into my left eardrum. Youre a delightful surprise. I rather enjoyed watching your amazing stunts but for nowyou need to rest.
Something pinches my left shoulder blade as it feels like a pin prick while dizziness fills my pretty head and numbness fills my tired body then I close my eyelashes and limp into Ranns biceps.
Day 133. prison. blue skies. no clouds. birds singing. 83F. morning. Good morning, Commander. Bbot machines slamming the unlocked door open as I prop on my elbows watching the robot do its secondary function of serving me, watching me but not recording me. Breakfast time. It places the tray on the table and replenishes the pitcher with water since Im a prisoner, again. I sigh with unhappiness 
I unsuccessfully execute Plan B escape failing miserably on my own account from lack of energy changing my mind about eating my food since Im really hungry. I sigh with depression.
Bbot scans me as I smile and wave like a toddler into the comlen since there arent any recordings because I re-programmed the computer memory to erase all tapes after it taped. I know that Im not making much but I know what I am doing then the bio-medical robot leaves the jail cell.
I sit on the cot staring at the streaming white clouds hovering over the tray as my prison door eases with a tiny crack, hearing a female voice with no body intro. Good morning. The door swings wide open as four children march into my jail walking in a straight line one behind each other as the tallest girl stops then flips her face to me as the other follow her lead. I sigh with intrigue.
The tall girl performs a curtsey as she smile and words at me. Hello, my names Ada. My daddy told us that you were very sad about the War. Weve come to cheer you up. I blink eyelashes once, twice then thrice at the girl then flip my face to Rann who stands inside the archway as he smile and watches the children with etches of sincerity, happiness and joy in his facial expression.
Hi, Im Peg. The second child announces with a curtsey to me.
Good morning, my name is Rea. The third child intros with a curtsey to me.
The littlest girl pads to the side of my cot, extending her tiny pale hand to me then intros. Kit. She smiles at me as I glance at Rann still standing in the door way, leaning against the panel with folder biceps across his muscular chest as he grins from ear to ear with delight. Kit breaks my daydreaming and asks to me. Do you want to be my new friend? I sigh with surrender.
I touch her little delicate hand with my two finger pads, smile and answer. Yes, I do.
Youre very pretty. Whats your name? Kit asks then I face flip at Rann as he grins with a bigger smile at me then he eye burns Kit.
My name is Starra. I name as the little girls giggle out loud, covering their lips with their hands as Rann pivots and leaves my room without the four little girls as the cell door closes behind him.
We brought gifts for you. The small child finger points at the wrapped packages tied in pink ribbons lining the wall near the close door set up by Bbot during the childrens introduction.
Thank you. I compliment.
Forget the gifts, lets eat. The tallest girl commands, moving towards the food table.
The food looks yummy. Peg replies, scooting beside the tall girl.
No breakfast for me, yet. Ada explains as she turns and views the many presents on the floor.
Bbot, bring plates and a table cloth, Peg orders as Bbot obeys her verbal commands.
See, there is ribbonsfor you. Rea shows the ribbons in both hands and giggles girly.
There arenot there is.use the proper verb, Rea. The tall girl corrects as she examines the food.
Long soft ribbons, gem stones, and perfume. Rea displays some of the items in her hands like a model, bringing them to me then she asks, holding the brush. May I brush your hair?
Yes, you may. I nod my curls, commenting as Rea combs the tangles out of my long bushy silver hair.
Kia pours the warm oil on my right arm, rubbing the lotion into my dry skin as she remarks and giggles. It smells pretty like you.
For two hours, my new friends pour thick rich yellow oils with aromas of fruit and flowers over my naked legs, arms, shoulders, and cheekbones. My hair holds numerous vertical lines of colored ribbons from the crown of skull to the tips of my curls thickening my hair as it floats like a set of wild flowers when the cool breeze brushes through my hot room. The gems are actually cut diamonds in the form of a necklace, earrings, two bracelets, and two anklets making me a sight to behold as I giggle.
I wear my torn blue wrinkled stinky uniform covering half of my frame with the added glamour stones glistening on my oiled tanned skin shining in the afternoon sun shine having a really wonderful time with the little girls. They are nice, kind, and polite. Then, a little time before lunch the girls depart and return to their families with happy chuckles, leaving my eyesight.
Bbot enters immediately to clean the spilled perfume, extra ribbons, and breakfast dishes thats scattered all over the once clean floor as I plop onto the bed watching it perform the programmed task while I giggle with delight.
Hello, Starra! Rann addresses, standing at the archway. Much better, youre half way presentable. He smirks with a set of crooked pink lips, left then smiles with a full grin as he measures me vertical with his eyeballs. He grabs the chair sitting it in the middle of room to view me closer as he sniffs the air, concluding. You do smell better, also. He chuckles and continues. I believe the lavatories are working properly on this floor. But, Ill have them checked, again. If I remember correctly war prisoners arent required but are often encouraged to bathat least once a week. He laughs in his sexy baritone trombone as my face turns strawberry red as I chin whip my face to my chest.
I must smell really bad since I wear only the shredded blue uniform for three days, sweating like a plantation pig in the light wool fabric thats only covering half my body. I have not bathed, either since I dont want to. I hope to stink up the room, the floor, the wing, and finally the entire building so theyd release me from jail, leaving Resort. So, I manage to accomplish one goal wellmaybe, two since I have gotten Ranns attention as I giggle. I sigh with true love.
You tricked me. I express with duck lips, ugly, staring at Rann.
Of course, I tricked you. Im deeply concerned about your welfare. After allI am using you to get to Dir. He smiles his seductive smile as he chuckles in baritone trombone.
You used little children as pawns. I complain, folding my biceps over my torn uniform.
Who could resist those cute adorable little faces with their bouncy pony tails, wide smiles, and happy giggles? I cant. Id give them anything their little hearts desire. Rann proposes as he grins being so charming and deceiving at the same time. I cannot resist him. I sigh with true love.
I would also. I add, smiling.
As a matter of fact, I cant resist big girls with their long curls, and soft giggles. He compliments as I blush pinky on my dirty cheeks then he observes. I see you have received your lunch. May I join you? He asks like Im going to say no to Rann the man of my heart.
If you wish I stay cool, smirking.
Bbot, table, chair, and place setting for two. Rann orders, staring at me then stands from the chair as Bbot quickly obeys with the requested furniture, food, and ambiance then Bbot stands by the door like a good servant. I walk from the cot towards the table as Rann quickly runs around the table and pulls out the chair for me since hes always the gentleman in the crowd, the room, and the universe.
I smile. Thank you. Im starving since the children are adorable but hungry, consuming all my breakfast treats but a half of piece of dry toast and a half glass of milk as the little monsters eat the rest of my food items.
Youre most welcome, Starra. Rann expresses as I seat in the pulled chair. Do you eat steak?
Yes, I do. I respond.
Bbot, fill the plates, please.  Rann orders as Bbot gathers two food filled China plates, returning to our table then he commands. Leave us. He stares at me as Bbot leaves the room with us alone. I sigh with danger.
I place a small piece of the steak inside my mouth as the juices tinkle my taste buds with pleasure but not as much as Rann does and comment. The foods delicious.
Thank you! I enjoy surprising my guests. He remarks, fishing for a bite of steak.
I enjoy being surprised. I flirt with passion, smirking then chewing the steak.
I must tell. Youre a delightful surprise for me. Rann amuses as he chews his steak since Im the enemy in this War.
Is that a good thing for meor for you? I smile with a teasing gesture as I enjoy taunting Rann for fun and games here in my prison cell. My real work is to plan and implement a successful escape, ridding the universe of King Dirk as I swallow the steak.
Rann smiles and flirts back. I believe it is a good thing for the both of us.
Is that so? I tease then place another forkful of steak.
Im hosting a dinner tomorrow night for my guests. Do you enjoy dancing, Starra? Rann asks.
I love to dance, especially with a partner of equal skill. I muse, swallowing the steak.
So do I? Rann smiles at me.
Im your prisoner. Am I allowed to attend your dance? I ask playfully as I reference the deadly Rita.
Im the prince. Everyone.including prisoners is allowed to dance at my dinners. Rann proclaims with authority as he scoops up the mashed potatoes into his fork.
Sinceyou are the prince and you allow prisoners to dance at parties. Will I be safe? I add with a big concern since Rita will be present to see me.
Definitely.and Ill see to your safety, personally. He smiles as I trust Rann, not Rita as I pick at my food and play with the piece of steak on the fork as my inner emotions skyrocket with the emotions of affection and flirtation. I sigh with true love.
I cant take my eyelashes off Rann and I cant eat any more food with my mixed emotions as Rann quickly finishes his lunch, standing and announcing. Im afraid I have appointments to keep. I truly enjoyed your company for lunch this afternoon. He pauses then names. Starra. He walks around the table, approaching me. I start to stand, greeting Rann goodbye as the diamond bracelet catches on the cloth of the chair arm as Rann gently grabs my left arm, embracing me into both his biceps before I fall on my pretty face. I sigh with embarrassment.
Rann reacts sweetly. Thank you for lunch. I enjoyed our conservation together. He pauses the names. Starra. He smiles sweetly, holding me close to his chest then sweet breathes in my face. I regret I cannot dine with you, tonight. I have a War to run and officers to attend. Bbot will provide you another excellent meal in my place. He pauses then names. Starra.
I dont believe the meal can replace you, Rann. I sweet breathe, blushing with innocence.
He smiles, hugging my tightly then whispers into my eardrum. Ill return personally to escort you to the ball tomorrow night. He releases me then tenderly kissed my left hand.
I feel safe in your armsat the ball tomorrow night. I sweet breathe as Rann paces backwards then he bows at his waist to me then swings his body towards the door, leaving my jail cell. I sigh with true love.
Prison. Quarter moon. T-shower. 90% precipitation. 79F. evening. Someone enters the room as I awake, not moving my body out of the cot but I smell her perfume.
Sooooo She squeals like a bird then continues. Rann sweet talked you into speaking. I understand that you both have a nice little chat this afternoon at lunch. Rita explains. I thought I made it clear to you. Rannis my man. I will do anything to keep him including killing you, tonight. She pulls the gold dagger from her red frock as I stare at the shiny blade then she threatens. Im telling not asking you. Do not come to the ball with anyone especially Rann! You will die. Dont think for a moment think I cant get access to this room? I sigh with defeat.
Not talking again, good, kept it up. You handle your end of this bargain. I guarantee youll be departing very soon. Rita plummets the dagger into her short boot for hiding, exiting quickly my cell slamming the door as I hear the lock click shut while Bbot obeys her verbal commands. I sigh with death.
This aint my day. I moan with sadness and fear, feeling like an Indian giver. I have gracious accepted Ranns invitation to the dance and really desire to attend, being fun to dance with him again but saving my life is VIP important too.
I pad to the open window, witnessing at every ten feet there is a garrison of guards marching around the courtyard. Ira has increased the patrols because of me making it difficult getting out of here on my own. Therefore I really do need the assistance which isnt coming from Rann since he intends to keep me for negotiation or something dangerous. I sigh with disappointment.
Day 134. prison. T-showers. Rain. 87% precipitation. 75F. morning. Bbot enters the room filling water in the glass, machines in alto clarinet. You are not eating your nutritious meals again. Two death marks on your life does tend to stifle your appetite since I thought and dreamed of Rita creeping into my cell, killing me. I sigh with worry.
You are not speaking, also. Bbot machines in alto clarinet as I keep my part of the Ritas barge as Bbot scans me with red/green/blue lights and wiggling antennas from its square metal skull, concluding. You are in excellent health. You will live with a nice touch of tender loving care. Not, if I dont get out of here and away from Rita I wont as Bbot lifts the full food tray and leaves the room. I sigh with doom.
hot sunny afternoon. Hello.Starra! Rann slows his words and stares at me then his brown eyes looks at the chair and remarks with duck lips, ugly. Youre not dressed. He views the pretty box as the silver formal ball gown lies inside the chair.
I stand, cupping my finger pads together in front of my torn blue uniform and explain. Im dressed just not for the ball.
May I ask why? Rann questions as he screws his eyebrows, ugly.
I BS, quickly as I smile sweetly. As a Prisoner of War, Im not required to do anything thats harmful to my health. I believe accompanying you to a private dance with a room filled with the enemy would constitute a risk to me. Therefore I must decline your generous offer. Im very sorry for inconveniencing you on the last hour before the party, Prince Rann of Sahara. I add the nice touch of his formal title then smile sweetly as Rann smiles fades into the dust.
His tanned handsome face first turns bright pink then cherry red and his deep baritone voice explodes with shouts of angry. Im a threat to you. Well, let just see how threatening I can become. Hes really mad and upset with me since its just a dance to him but its my life to me.
Rita has threatened me.twice. Im no position to fling that particular peril to my precious life to the side lines since Rann isnt going to believe me with no proof but her word against mine.
Im a prisoner and work for the wrong side of the War, not needing a lawyer to tell me the clear cut verdict in this open and shut legal case. To top it all off, its my fault again. I shouldnt have erased the security comlens on Bbot since the electronic evidence is needed. I sigh with dumbness.
GUARDSGUARDS. Rann calls out, slamming the door behind his bee_hind as I snort with relieve. Thats easier than I thought but it doesnt go as smoothly as I have hoped. Rann will return since Im a delightful surprise to the man as I snort with fun.
I dont like fighting with Rann. As a matter of fact, I dont think I have disagreed with him about any subject in the past alien time lines since Rann is always in control of everything and I happily follow as I stretch out my legs onto the cot.
The sun sets in the west marking the beginning event the dinner and dance with Rann and eating delicious food. My stomach grumbles as I hunger. The War has stopped all the fun in this sixth time line since I love to dance especially wearing pretty long flowing gowns, high heels and Ranns biceps against my shoulders. I sigh with disappointment.
The cell door swings open, hitting the back wall with a loud sound. BANG! Rann stands in the archway, sideways talking to someone. Told ya! Hed come back. Im quite shocked to see him so quickly since the dance is going to start within the hour.
There she is. Rann finger points his right index finger directly at me as he commands. Bathe her, perfume her, dress her.and escort her to the dance floor.
As you wish, Prince Rann. Invisible body voices in bass clarinet behind the wall as I jump from the cot.
Bathe? I sing in piccolo music parking fists on my part exposed skin of my waist as I admit I need a bath since it has been four days since I was captured. The perfumed oils from yesterday cannot disguise the sweat, perspiration, salt, and excretion produced from the warm humid air last night in my hot itchy wool uniform. Four large women with matching brown dresses and gray hair circling the edges of their heads thunder storm my jail room heading to me as I yell. I protest.
Draw her bathe. The lead servant shouts commands as the other two marches towards me carrying shiny sharp scissors in their hands.
Dont touch me! I finger point at the deadly weapons, yelling to the rafters.
The first woman knocks me onto the cot as I land on my back muscles then the sharp scissors snip away my dirty smelly blue uniform from my dirty smelly body then she grabs my left ear lob and pinches as I react. OUCH.
Move, sweetie. She orders as a meanie.
I stand from cot in the nude, walking into the lavatory in pain I might add, entering the very warm water frothing with pink and white suds and bubbles as I remark nasty. Fine, Ill just sit here for the rest of the evening and get all prunie. I giggle with delight as a strong fat hand pushes my freckled face underwater as I surface from the water with soap in my eyelashes and water in my open mouth as my wet hands desperately search for a dry towel. Strong fat hands rub and wash my arms and legs clean. M pretty head submerges for a second time into the bath water then I re-surface coughed and spitting foamy bubbles in the air. Hey, youre drowning me. I shout.
Hush up, child. She orders, grabbing my left ear lob again which happen to still be aching from the first tug and twists as she commands. Up. I obey as a rush of water pelts my warm skin.
Its cold. I yell, rubbing my eyelashes and washing the soap from my freckled face.
Out. The lead servant orders without twisting my ear as I obey.
Youre a little skinny thing. I wish I could feed you before the dance. She comments, placing a warm damp small cloth over my eyes, nose, and mouth as she orders. Dont inhale the perfumes. I feel warm and cool sprays of mist, lotions, and crmes bombarding my cold naked clean skin with the delightful odors sniffing into my nostrils with fragrances of flowers, fruits, and vanilla as she removes the cloth over my face. Her gown. The servant commands as rough hands pull the thin fabric tight around my chest and narrow hips.

This is a gown? I question, feeling the skimpy fabric and breezy wind on my naked body.
If Prince Rann selects this frock for you then you will wear it. She remarks since I have been bathed and dressed like a two year old child going to the playground park. The frock is made of shear soft thin linen, the color of silver. Outlined in small diamonds on the top piece and around the top edge of the free flowing skirt, the fabric is cut into six panels exposing my feet, ankles, knees, legs, thighs, hips andmore hips below the diamond trim skirt and more of my hips, tummy, naval, and waist all the way to the middle of my rib cage above the waistband. I sigh with disgust.
Its cut a little low. I complain.
If Prince Rann selects this frock for you then you will wear it. She remarks.
Alright! I resign as she smears the pink gooey sticky substance on my wiggling lips.
A touch of pink on your cheeks. You look a little pale. The servant observes as I look a little mad. Hatred always causes my skin tone to change color along with my easy going personality. Im not a bit surprised that my face isnt glowing red with angry. I sigh with revenge.
Her tiara. The lead servant yells to her associates as one of them hands off the diamond object.
Tiara? Im not a noble. I debate.
Youre the consort to Prince Rann, tonight. Youll look like a princess even if you dont act like one. She grimaces, planting the diamond tiara in the center point of my long hair, driving the combs deep into my hard skull.
Hey, thats hurts. I yell at her.
Wrap the long strands of her hair around the silver frame. I dont want it falling off when shes being twirled by Prince Rann. The servant orders.
I think she means to say when Rann is being punched, kicked, and bitten by me while Im on the dance floor as I yell. OUCH, careful there!
Her gloves! A lady always wears gloves for dancing and removes them for dining. She lectures since I have attended a ball before. She places a glove on each hand made of silver lace cut short to the wrist, not the usual elbow length material.
Her wrap. She demands which isnt really a wrap but a thick cut of fabric. The cloth is shaped in the geometric design of a triangle made of the same material as my gown silver shear and light.
Elbows. She orders to me as she drapes it sideways through one arm at the side of my waist and pulls the fabric to the other side, letting the wrap fall down passed my hips, legs, and feet. It drags the floor with twenty feet of train I feel like a statue, instead of princess. I sigh with surprise.
I stretch the material to my right side with a gloved hand noting this stuff is pretty strong. I can use it to strangle Rann once I get him on the dance floor before Rita stabs me to death. Two for the price of one! Im in a nasty mood tonight. Death always affects this way. I sigh with dread.
Guards. She yells as two sneering males appears at the edge of my jail cell then she shoves me into their direction as I exit my jail. I sigh with fear.
banquet hall. hot heated evening. My walk down the dark hot hallway that displays lots of portraits, pictures, and windows of trees and dead amusement rides as I bother not enjoying the new refreshing scene since Im depressed and trapped. I sigh with failure.
This has to be the worse time line since Ive become trapped the repeating space continuum as I stare at the hard floor when strong rough hands touch my spine. Stand up, child! The lead servant yells at me, pushing my spine upright.
I glare at her behind me, seeing the four nurse maids five inches from my dress train, watching me. This aint my day. I mew, flipping my face forwards towards the set of double doors at the end of the hallway.
I smell the delicious aroma of food before we turn the corner since Im hungry and plan to eat. Ill need my strength since Im going to escape after I kill Rann. Well, I might not have enough time to perform that specific feat but I will knock him unconscious as I fly the stolen star ship through the Wall into Dirks territory in an enemy ship. Ill probably have to fight a battalion of warriors to prove who I am then fight Dirk. I guess Im in for a long night. I sigh with victory.
The entrance of the dance hall previews with faint noises sound like thunder filled with male and female voices, music, horns, silverware, and plates as I pose elegantly at the double open archway. The hall floor is covered in black marble with bright indigo walls while overhead lights are low and dimmed for chatting, dancing, and dining. My eyelashes trace the dance floor to the front of the banquet room of an enclosed black horizontal stage focusing all attention on one person, Rann. Rann stands and stares back at me. The crowded room of elegantly dressed citizens turn to view what hes looking at. ME! The noise descends octave by octave until it finally ceases for1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds.
Rann raises his right arm to queue me to start walking in his direction toward the stage as I feel a shove on my strong back. I step right high heel sandal onto the black marble floor, staring ahead at Rann avoiding the glaring facial expressions as I nervously stroll down the lane, alone.
I trail twenty feet of fabric train in four inch heels in a slow and steady pace in perfect range for missiles of vegetables and fruits. My petite body is exposed for the public to abuse. I sigh with fear.
I see the food items have been served and huge trays of vegetables and fruits line the walls of the banquet room as citizens eat, drink, and merrily chat before I appear as I pray for them to toss only the rotten apples at me and my dress. I sigh with fear.
I stop at the foot of the marble stage as I ponder getting up the eight tiers of steps without tripping on the long wrap and falling on my pretty face unless thats the true plan of embarrassment, humiliation and pain. I sigh with fear.
Rann leaps, T-rex down to the floor at me, grinning from ear to ear as he extends an open palm and touches my elbow, drawing me closer to his muscular chest, leaning low into my eardrum and whispers. You should bathe more often. Then he chuckles and names. Starra.
I will try. I tease back as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
I can feel her blue eyes burning invisible fire balls using my Telepathy into my strong back since she plans to murder me as Rann counters, staring into my eyelashes. Dont worry Starra! No ones going to harm you, tonight, including her. I sigh with shock.
Rann pulls the chair from the table edge for me to sit down as I grab the wrap and parts of the dress with my left petite hand, sweeping it to the side before sitting in the chair like a lady noblette as Rann holds my right hand settling into the chair next to him. His eyes watch my movements then he pulls his chair leaning into my lap.
She saw me. I mention.
I wanted her to see you. Rann reacts.
If she sees me with you. I stop.
The Viscountess has been on my suspicious list for months. I needed hard evidence to convict Rita. Now, I have plenty. Rann confesses.
Thats impossible. I debate.
Nothing is impossible. Rann corrects as he smiles and tenderly pats my hand then names. Starra.
Impossible! I shorten with a snip.
Speaking of a strange occurrence of impossibility, I have discovered that one of my robots application cycles has flawed when I happen to retrieve the security comlens from the day of the Dirks air raid. The flawed application happens to be on a particular Bbot guarding my prisoner and the tape happens to be blank starting precisely at the moment I left your jail cell, four days ago. Rann story tells as I giggle.
Bbot, you say, how terrible? I comment as I chuckles lightly with my perfect homework assignment.
I do not know how you have managed to sabotage the programming of Bbot but I promise I will figure it out. Rann declares as I giggle girly.
I confess. I did it. I smile wickedly at him.
That was very naught of you, Starra. Rann addresses and smiles at me.
What do you expect from a prisoner, good behavior? I reprimand as I giggle.
And having a prisoner, I have implemented new precautions immediately upon my discovery. He educates. 
I frown with twisted lips, ugly, repeating. Precautions?
After your attempted escape and successfully re-capture Rann pauses then names. Starra He pauses again for drama as the words sink into my hard skull as I stop grinning. I have re-engineered the circuits inside the control panel on the bot, creating a new program. Then, I returned Bbot to my prison ward guarding my prisoner.
Re-engineered? You must I express as I neck snap my curls at Rita.
I know. I reviewed the comlens after my inappropriate display of emotions this morning. I must apology and remedy immediately. He offer peacefully with a smile.
Apology accepted. I nod my curls like a princess with approval.
I was very distressed and confused in regards to your usual behavior. I have invested a great deal of time and resources establishing a trust between us. He addresses. I wanted to know what had happened. I was very confidence Bbot hadnt been hacked, again. I was correct of course. I frown with duck lips, ugly as Rann is always correct, confident, proper, handsome, rich, noble, etc, etc. Once I reviewed the hidden comlens for the past two days, I understood immediately. I sigh with protection.
My face flips to the Obots or orchestra robots of musicians in the corner of the room as the musical fanfare queues as couples stand from tables, gathering upon the floor for the first dance of the evening. I sigh with excitement.
Rann grabs my right hand as he stands and I sit. Its time.
Time for what? I squeak with concern.
Time to dance He answers, chuckling and assisting me and my dress out of the chair.
Dance, our course. I word as I giggle as I step down the elegant steps holding my long dress in my right gloved hand into the middle of the floor as Rann gently holds my left petite hand helping me balance on the steps and onto the marble flooring then we pose for the start of the music.
Extend your arm, this way! He remarks as Rann gently stretches my right arm fully straight with the wrist exposed as he places his left outstretched arm parallel to my right arm, touching at the wrists. Obot ties a large silk gold ribbon around both of our wrists together then pulls the ribbon bow very tight. I tug at the ribbon immediately feeling uncomfortable and frightening at the same moment as Rann doesnt move but smiles. Then I start to quickly draw my long arm back to my waist testing the length of the ribbon. No! No! This is a new kind of dance with our bound wrists tied by satin ribbons. Rann explains and smiles with an evil grin.
The pose is very unsettling. I mention, staring at our ribbon, connecting us together.
Exactly. Rann grins as he words mysteriously.
Whats the purpose of the ribbon in the dance? I ask.
To reveal spies... He intrigues and grins.
Im not a spy. I whine like a kid.
I know. Youre the enemy and my hostage. Rann insults, grins, and chuckles, hugging my tightly to his chest. The music plays a slow beat in b-flat as I swiftly jerk my right hand upright as the ribbon tightens and pain echoes in my right finger pads and hand down to my elbow. Rann doesnt comment but smiles amusingly at my jerky and forced hand and arm movements. I dont like the tight restrained ribbon as it doesnt hurt but the psychological effect is very real to my mind. I sigh with escape.
I jerk my right arm down to my side as the silk bow tightens and pain rescinds down my right arm to the tips of my pink painted nails. Rann doesnt comment but smile, enjoying me squirm and wiggle in his chest with my bound limbs to the tied ribbon. I extend my right arm straight against Ranns left arm as the white ribbon falls loosely around our wrists, not feeling any pain. I sigh with confusion.
This really is a psychological game, not a dance? I question.
Exactly. Rann comments and smiles.
The music plays slow long whole notes of C sharp meant for close cheek to cheek dancing as Rann places his right arm around my waist, pulling me closer into his naked chest. I do not resist, feeling heat and warmth from him. He places his cheek against my cheek, whispering secret words into my left eardrum as I listen and giggle while I decide this is our last dance together unless I eliminate Dirk. I sighed with determination.
The game causes panic and pain. If you move your arm up or down, the ribbon constricts. You basic instinct is to fight the pressure of the gripe. When you are not released, you panic as your psyche rebels. You feel frightened, fear, and doom. Then, you expose your animal instincts. You attack the attacker. Rann suddenly stop lecturing as he pulls back, viewing my freckled face with a smile.
Therefore, you have unmasked your spies, foes, and enemies. I conclude brilliantly with a sweet smile.
Exactly. Rann nods his skull as he smirks.
Excellent devise! A tiny silk ribbon. I approve with a nod and grin.
Are you ready to reveal your secrets to me? Rann asks with a chuckle.
No! I simply state with a poker face.
No! Rann repeats looking a little disappointment. I sigh with victory.
I giggle as I state mysteriously. Mind over matter!
What is mind over matter? He addresses.
I enjoy playing psychological games, too. I grin then continue. If the ribbon causes pain, then Ill use my mind to counter the matter covering my arm with pleasure. I smirk with an evil intent.
How? Rann screws his eyebrows, ugly as he asks as I shift my free left hand and finger pads from his hand as I lightly touch the spine of his back muscles with my finger pads tickling him. Then, I stop dancing then slowly shift the tied off right wrist upward as Rann follows my movement with his left wrist.
Do you feel pain? I ask.
Yes. Rann softly answers as I rake my free left hand around his waist to his chest, scratching the unprotected skin with sharp finger nails as Rann closes his eyelids then I press my index finger pad gently messaging the strong muscles on his deltoids, sideways. Then, I stop and slowly move our wrists upwards.
Do you feel pain? I ask.
Yes. He whispers like a set of butterfly wings as the music plays softly and slowly in the background as Rann is hypnotized with my psychological counter attack on his relaxing mind as I giggle. I drag my finger nails across his chest horizontal up to his throat, tickling his neck gently and teasingly. Then I stop and slowly move our wrists upward.
Do you feel pain? I ask.
Rann barely purrs with his eyelids closed. Yes. I gently pull his neck closer to my face with my fingertips then plant my wet soft deep kiss upon his warm pink lips. We hold the sweet embrace for a long time then surface as Rann opens his eyelids, staring deeply into my gray eyes.
Mind over matter! I whisper like a set of butterfly wings into his eardrum as he chuckles.
Very nice, thank you! Rann whispers back, smiling.
Im glad you enjoyed my good bye kiss. I finale as Rann snaps to attention, smashing his eyelids upright, staring at me. 
Then, he chuckles and relaxes as he inquires. Why would it be a good bye kiss, Starra?
Im going to successfully escape tonight. I announce wildly.
Thanks for the preview of your upcoming event. Ill inform my honor guards immediately, who happen to surround this floor, this room, and the adjoining hallway around the compound. Rann lectures like a prince as he easily smirks.
I know. I comment.
Dont you realize a thousand pairs of eyes are watching you as we speak? Rann asks.
I know but Im a magician. I word and giggle silly as Rann leads me into a waltz as the music plays gently whole notes of A flat for cheek to cheek dancing.
He smiles and pulls me closer for the remaining dance movement, commenting. Another of your hidden gifts to your every expanding repertoire maybe? What else have you not shown me?
Lets just say, Im full of delightful surprises. I word and giggly silly as the music ends.
Rann motions for Obot to remove the white silk ribbon from our binded waists as the ribbon falls to the tile. I shake my right arm to get the blood circulating from the test as I giggle and comment. Mind over matter works best when the pain totally stops. Rann chuckles at my true statement, escorting me back to our table on center stage.
Wbot or waiter robot serves the dinner plates of delicious food and filled glasses with red liquid as Rann orders. Leave us. Rann stares at me for the rest of dinner as we lightly chat and chuckle at my silly jokes since Im the delightful guest.
Too bad! This is going to end very soon. I sigh with escape.
You do not eat like a noble lady, Starra. Rann observes as I finish chewing the last of my white meat on the elegant China plate as I stab my fork a sliver into the dark chocolate cake beside the water goblet.
Im not a noble therefore I can eat until I vomit. I jest as Rann laughs as Im very hungry and need lots of energy and strength for my successful escape, stealing of Ranns ship, traveling in space, fighting my old troops, fighting Dirks personal guards and finally fighting and killing Dirk. Im going to be a rather busy girl in the next five minutes. I sigh with toil.
You may not be a nobleyet but youre a lady with a healthy appetite. I like that. Rann compliments then adds. I like you. He pauses then names. Starra. I rudely woof down the dessert in four bites.
I remind. All I can say isif I get captured in the future, Ill definitely eat my food.
He smiles and jokes. Im glad I invited you to the ball for the food, Starra.
I wipe my pink painted lips from the delicious but messy dessert as cake icing chocolate gooey stuff fills the napkin then I lean into Ranns ear. Can you point me to the lavatory, please? I would like to freshen up. Dont forget my sentry, either. I finger point at the servant sitting at the corner of the stage as Rann smile and he stands, pulling my chair for me to stand as he snaps his finger pads. The lead servant with brown dress and graying hair leaps from her chair gliding beside Rann.
I lean into Ranns chest and whisper into his ear. O! Just to let you know. This is my escape from a wonderful party with terrific food. I really enjoyed my stay on Resort. Youve been a gracious and charming host but I have to be going now. After all! You have War to win and I have a King to kill. I grin with a wicked pearly white smile as Ranns face drops into a deadly sneer then he grabs my right wrist holding it for three seconds, staring into my eyes.
Then he smiles as he releases his death gripe and kisses my hand, complimenting. Youare a delightful surprise to me. The next dance starts in five minutes. Dont make me wait... He pauses then names. Starra. I smile and nod my curls in silence rejection.
I turn and calmly stroll toward the lavatory with the female guard in tow as I leave the wrap, the gloves, and the man for the night implementing my new plan. I decide to steal a zipper from the repair shop since Im fully charged with my Tele powers. My tummy is full of good food and stored Tele energy to power a mansion as I giggle.
I flash back mentally in the second alien time line when I powered the dark mansion with my Tele powers.
I arrive at the lavatory doors, suddenly stop and swing towards the old servant and comment. Thank you for obeying Ranns orders. You have provided me with a wonderful opportunity, tonight. She doesnt smile or move, thinking I have stunned her with my beautiful words.
She pushes the door open for me, sneering with her words. Thirty seconds or Ill assist you again. Like thats going to happen twice in my life! Get real, honey! 
I move into the bathroom stall using my Telekinesis I shift the panel on the ceiling from its resting place and lower it to the tile floor quietly. I sigh with victory.
Tunnel. hot and heated night. All hotels contain rat mazes of tunnels for ventilation systems, comlens cables, comfone lines, and bot ports. I theorize that I can climb into the shaft and start crawling to my destination. The repair shops are located on the first floor since I smell the oil, grease, and paint fumes along with the noises of clinking, tingling, pinging, and pinging of Rbots or repair robots working on the star ships.
I jump and land on kneecaps upon the cold metal as I fold the dress and tuck waves of fabric into the waist band as I crawl like a Woof dog pathing toward the east wing of the hotel using my Telepathy. I T-view with Teleclairvoyance (future telling) since I have 27 seconds before my guard barges through the bathroom doors assisting me as I giggles since she getting a trick instead of a treat as I snort with amusement.
I crawl faster to the access door, turning into the adjoining little doors, heading in the right direction with smells of chemicals and acids bombarding my nostrils inside the tunnel since Im close. I turn and open the direct access panel which is a metal grid, viewing a maze of columns and work stations making a steel silver metal maze. I hope there arent any metal rats lying in wait as I snort with fantasy.
All the bots are deactivate as I smile since every citizen is at Ranns party having fun and robots do not need supervision. Using Telekinesis, I unhook the grid, sliding the heavy metal to the side.
bot repair shop. hot and heated night. I jump, T-rex out of the tunnel and land in a squatting position on the hard floor, listening to movement. All clear!  I stand with ease carefully examining the star ships of passenger, another passenger, and another passenger. I sigh with confusion.
Fighter ships are usually composed of modified zippers, and carriers, not passenger vehicles, noting the passenger ships are greatly modified built higher and longer than a normal passenger vehicle pasted with protruding cannons. Nasty stuff! This must be what Rann means by winning the War. I sigh with nuisance.
I desire a slicker and faster zipper for my personal needs especially flying through the Wall since Im accustomed to flying the smaller craft. Im a very small person as the height of the zipper seat and roof is perfect for me. I walk around the vessels searching and finding a zipper in the corner.
The ship is unlocked, seeing the entrance hatch wide open in the upright position since the workers has left in a hurry for the gala dance ball. I sigh with escape.
I Tele-scan using Telepathy the engine and cockpit which functions within performing specifications including seat, stick, and air tanks. I can fly without engines, shields, and bot control as I giggle but this baby is loaded with everything including a nice design too being different and unique from a regular zipper.
Zippers come in various models from a two-seater and two pieces of luggage to a trainer ship for a pilot and instructor and one piece of luggage to single seat access and three pieces of luggage.
I glance inside the leather cockpit, holding single pilot chair and no pieces of luggage since the rear end is chopped off with the afterburners extended into the tail as I walk around the bumper. WOW! There are five engines on Ranns baby recognizing his ingenious design of space travel.
Billions of currs can buy you anything you want as quoted by Rita since Rann enjoys spending his currs on play things like toys and dolls as I giggle thinking about all the girls who would have loved to been me tonight. Maybe, one of them is right now Ranns next dance partner as I snort with amusement.
I slide me into the leather seat. OUCH! I hit skull on the hatchway as I duck a little lower into the seat which is slightly curved to fit the unique console with the ease of the stick between your legs. The design is tilted to the rear for a large person to fly, which I am not as I adjust the mechanic controls rolling the seat forward then enter for a second time in the zipper. Stang! I yell.
My pretty head hits the roof for a second time, not my pretty head but the towering tall tiara on my pretty head. The tiara is eight inches high at the peak of the half moon shape, measuring me at five feet and nine inches, instead of my five feet and one inch. The extra height is not the problem but the tilt formation of the pilot seat since I cant see the dashboard, instruments or window. I need to see to fly, land, and fight well, not really but I have never flown without my eye sight that will definitely be a weird experience. Ya knowIm trying to escape after all as I giggle.
I need all my senses working at peak including my normal vision, smell, hearing, and tasting along with my abnormal Tele powers since I cant reach the hatch handle being too low inside the deep positioned pilot seat. I sigh with annoyance.
I manually roll the seat forward then backwards testing for an angle as the tiara interferes with entrance as I see only a sea of gray leather polished and shiny like silk since the star ship is clean as I think. Think fast. Think faster.
NEXT! I yell and think to get rid of the thing on top of your head as my brain cells shout inside my conscious mind. I cant remove the steel and stone object off my pretty head since the big thing is sewed by personal stands of my long hair around the metal.
I cant cut it out since the circumference measures two inches from my right ear over to my left ear without leaving heavy chunks of missing gaps all over my curls. Hair grows but not that fast even with my extraordinary Tele powers as I laugh at the mental pic of my funny appearance, trying to kill Dirk with a sheared head.
NEXT! I yell since the tiara is composed of silver metal and diamonds as the diamonds are soldered into the metal. I may be great with supernatural powers but Im not that great. Diamonds do not bend, break or crack which is the hardest substance on Earth as well as here.
If I wasnt so confident in my success of escape, Id swear someone planned for me to fail. I whine then yell. NEXT!
Ill fly the carrier, seeing one somewhere in the shop as I jog around the work stations, floating bots, strewn tools, and grease spots on the floor, the walls, and the columns trying to locate the smaller transport between the sizes of a large passenger ship in the huge repair shop. I wonder if this is a good idea for my escape plan thinking I shouldve stolen someones ship outside the hotel being faster but not necessarily safer.
The carrier is located in the opposite direction on the opposite wall from Ranns superstar zipper as I approach, noting the hatch is up since my feet hurt wearing the four inch high heel sandals. My hands are dirty touching the ships and my elegant dress is tore and ripped. My pretty head aches from the weight of the diamonds in the tiara while my entire body is greasy from bumping and hitting protruding parts, tools, and metal sheets from the working ships being repaired.
SNIFF! SNIFF! I smell like a hyper drive unit as I giggle, steering around the tight ships, jumping, and leaping over loose parts, machines, and bots. I sigh with more annoyance.
I waste precious minutes playing with the pilot seat inside the superstar zipper and more time trapped inside the metal rat maze since the tight height of the repair shop restricts a high and long Tele-leap. Ill definitely hit something and cause noise in this quiet area since Im practicing under sheath mode with a speedy pace as I giggle.
I sprint around another bot and see the carrier within my eyelashes, noting the hatch is upright again, guessing the workers are in a rush for the party food as I giggle. Rann throws great parties and I really hate missing the rest of the fun, dancing, and food especially more chocolate cake.
I dont bother scanning instruments panels since the ship is parked next to the exit gate which is open also. I sigh with victory.
The guards will be barging through the doors, searching for me with masers, swords, daggers, darts, and clubs since Rann has alerted everyone at the base. Thats what happens when youre the only prisoner in an enemy compound. Therere more of them then you as the search proceeds swift and fast as I snort with entertainment.
Rann has ordered stun mode for me since hes not going to take any chances of me getting hurt, harmed, or heroic. I can defend myself in any fight on a given sunny day but not against an entire base full of well trained, accurate, and precise warriors lead by Rann. I sigh with devotion.
If I dont get out of the shop, off the ground, and into the atmosphere, I predict without using my Tele powers that Ill be re-capturedannoyingly again. I sigh with triple annoyance.
I bolt the last three feet to the carrier and duck my pretty crowned head low almost kissing the leather seat jumping into the hole since I dont need a headache accompanying the other aching body parts to my person as I straddle the drive stick in an unlady-like fashion. I sigh with relief.
I whisper. Made it. I strip the shoes off my blistered and raw patched feet. Strap in.
Star ships contain safety belts for impacts from high speed or low speed maneuvering around space rock, debris, and fools that cant fly a star ship while I always wear my safety belt, having almost death moments in past alien time lines. I dont care what Im flying or how slow or how far I always wear them as I giggle at my prim attitude.
I jerk the stretchy cloth around my body of three latches on the safety net to lock one around my heart, another around my waist and a third one around my hips. Theyre made of a half an inch of heavy metal even in hyper speed any and all unsecured objects move in space as I snap the metal in place, smiling. I dont desire any more bruises on my sore and exposed body from the free floating metal buckles during light speed and.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
A presence. I connect, link, and Tele.
Hello, Starra! Rann whispers into my eardrum. I sigh with shock.
This aint my day! I mew, feeling his hand on my bare shoulder as I yell. STANG. I unsuccessfully jerk at the sealed and locked latches with both greasy finger pads. I sigh with re-capture.
Rann wraps strong biceps around my shoulders and chest, embracing me as he whispers into my eardrum. Thank you for trying to escape! The adventure so far has been fun for me. I look forward to your next set of delightful surprises. But for now you need to rest. He pauses then names. Starra. I feel a sharp pinch on my left shoulder as I faint into darkness.
Day 135. prison. hot and heated day. I blink open eyelashes once, twice and thrice as I see indigo ceiling and feel hot and heat upon my body then I mew. This aint my time line!
I wear the tore gown dirty with tar, grease, and oil fluids around my body as I scan the jail cell with the full breakfast tray on the table emitting steam from the top lids noting ten in the morning. I touch my curls, noting the tiara and jump from the bed, examining my long hair. Someone gently has removed my twisted hair strands within the large crown as Rann enters my cell jail.
Youre not dressed, Starra. Rann glances at the new box tying with the pink ribbon upon the chair as he lectures. If you insist on acting like a child, youll be treated as such. Rann views the door as the old servant fills the gap with a lovely sneer on her lips.
I leap, kitten-like from the cot, galloping swiftly to the chair grabbing the box and tucking it under my greasy armpit. I enter the lavatory and slam the door, entering the shower tub as I let the hot water run down my body for thirty minutes, getting the grease and goo out of my hair.
I dress slow and slower, hoping we are late for our engagement event as I open the lavatory door, walking into the hot steamy room from the lack of air conditioning as I halt as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
Prepared to die, sweetie! She screams as my jail cell door swings open in full view, dashing towards me, holding the maser in her left hand and the dagger in her right. I sigh with death.
RITA? Rann names as she neck snaps her skull to her proper name while Rann sits quietly in the upright chair against the wall.
RANN!? Rita voices in alto clarinet, slowing her attack on me.
Youve been warned about threatening the prisoner. Rann slowly stands.
Shes dangerous. Rita finger points the dagger at me.
Look whos holding the gun. I conclude youre the more dangerous citizen. Rann observes.
Im trying to help you. Rita whines like a little kid.
Youre causing trouble. Put the weapons away, Rita! Rann steps toward her.
Shes the trouble. She needs to be eliminated. We can win the War, Rann. Rita pleads.
Im winning the War. That decision is mine, not yours. Drop the weapons! He two-steps in my direction as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
The maser fires in his direction as I charge and push Rann against the wall as he falls onto his kneecaps. I grab both her elbows, pushing them upright into the roof. The second discharge of the red wave hits the ceiling as hot broken sharp razor-like tiles bombard our heads, arms and shoulders as I release Ritas arms swiftly.
I jump back from Rita flicking the hot and intensely heated ceiling materials from my burning and painful shoulders as she holds the maser in her left hand. Then I drop my body upon the floor in pain, crying with wet tears as Rita stands over me, aiming the maser at my curls.
Rann uprights, leaning against the wall, holding his skull, shouting. BACK DOWN, RITA! Wet tears flood my eyelashes as pain intensifies upon my golden skin bubbling and forming gigantic blisters on my shoulders.
I will finish this. Rita yells at me.
Leave before I kill you, Rita! Rann draw his maser from his leg hostler aiming at her face.
What? Kill me! You mean kill her. Rita screams and finger points the maser at me.
Iam not going to kill her. But Iwill kill you. Rann issues with fury.
RANN! Rita pleads.
NOW! He shouts.
RANN! Rita names.
GUARDS! Rann calls out as Rita doesnt stop aiming the maser at me then Rann turns his face towards the jail cell door searching the hallway for the missing guards that Rita has eliminated.
Rita swings her arm, targets, and fires upon Rann, hitting him with accuracy in his chest as Rann neck snaps his skull to her, wording without sound from his pink lips RITA. 
I T-shove with Telekinesis Ranns partial burned body to the other side of the room from the second ray as Rann launches like a rocket missile. His body hits the wall with a great force leaving a blood imprint against the indigo paint then Rita stares with eyeballs in awe as Rann staggers then collapses into a rolled position while his red blood drains onto his clothes, furniture, and floor. Rita flips her face, body, and maser at me.
Dont move? Rita orders.
Rann needs medical attention, now I plead.
Ill get him medical attention after I kill you. She promises, holding the maser high in the air.
I T-fling with Telekinesis the bed stool in front of me to block the yellow maser beam for a second degree burn as the beam hits my left arm before deflecting the entire wave to the floor.
The tile is hot and gooey from the maser as I roll left avoiding the hot surface then I jump from the heated floor, running towards the door for a swift escape from death as pain stabs from my left leg through my many tiny cells and limited organs into my dizzy head.
I glance at the food tray as Rita aims, tosses, and connects with me as I stumble on kneecaps balancing my twisting body and swirling mind. I sigh with pain.
The heavy food dome lid hits my back muscles as I body slam with kneecaps, elbows and nostrils into the tile as I hear laughter, foot steps and faint voices then darkness.
Day 136. medical ward. patient Rann. Prisoner Starra. dark blue sky. Rain. 76% precipitation. 75F. morning. I awake to pain and cold as I mew. This aint my day.
I lay on an ice pack of cold water while the room air is more than cold, almost freezing, seeing my white breathe mist dance across the breeze. I sigh with coldness.
I see double vision with eyeballs as I slur my words, having trouble hearing sounds. Im weak and tired with a severe headache. Fluid drainage is flowing from my nose and mouth. I sigh with unhealthy.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
Using my Telemetabolics, I scan my aching body and conclude: Concession! Ritas pitch is accurate if not incompetent since she threatens to kill me three times and fails. Im still alive if not for the efforts of Rann, saving my life. I sigh with true love.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Heal!
Using my Telemetabolics, I clear the fuzzy and dizzy sensations from my mind as I jerk my arms downward trying to stand finding I am anchored to the bed. My wrists are binded with metals cuffs attached to a long chain soldered around the beds leg frame. I sigh with entrapment.
I hear faint voices. Correction there! I hear only breathing with a steady, subtle, low, slow breathing but the sound isnt me. Theres something in the room with me. I sigh with panic.
I neck snap my curls at the object within my eyesight as I struggle and jerk the cuffs and long chain with my restricted limit to get a better view of the object. OUCH! My shoulder aches with pain while the skin is bright pink with gooey blisters popping open. Yellow pus crusts over the bleeding wound as it heals. I sigh with health.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Heal!
I blink eyelashes open noting the wound is closed as the skin ripples with a golden tone, needing sunlight on my fading tan.
I bang the metal on the bed railing as I manage a half folded stance with my newly healed body, seeing things inside the room a lot clearer as I adjust eyes to the dim lighting. I sigh with danger.
My mental probe might wake the big sleeping monster thats barely breathing since Im a trapped and helpless prisoner as I shift the links on the chain attached to the bed frame with my Telekinesis lengthening the chain to the maximum link, moving the heavy bed just a tad for a better view of the monster. I stand upright, tearing more fabric from my fluffy pink gown given to me b Rann as I see a shiny bright glass structure in the shape of a ...coffin. I sigh with inquisitiveness.
Someone has died, not me since Im still healthy and alive for the next few minutes. I push the bed closer to the glass coffin using my Telekinesis, tripping on my dress. I sigh with deep curiosity.
I still cant see the monster due to the angle of the bed, my chains, and my short neck. I scoot the bed closer then I stop as I hear faint noises from outside the cold room in the hallway. The noise is getting closer to the closed and locked door as someone approaches. I sigh with huge inquisitiveness.
I shove the heavy metal frame bed closer for a quick glance of the glass object, seeing the interior view of Rann clearly laying inside the glass coffindead. Rann will not come back in the current alien time line. Once dead, always gone! I cry with wet tears in the previous alien time lines, when any one dies, they do not return. Rann will not ever return to me. My gray eyes fill with tears rolling down my cold freckled face. Rita has murdered Rann. I sigh with deep sorrow.
GET AWAY! Rita stands in the archway, yelling in the sleeved velveteen frock, alive, healthy and unharmed. I sigh with fury.
I turn to view my dead true love of my life in the beautiful glass coffin wishing that Rann was alive, healthy, and unharmed. But instead, he is dead. I sigh with revenge.
I hear more sounds and voices outside the dark hall as I scurry and shove body and bed from the center floor beside the walls as Ty yells outside the hallway. Move away from door, Rita. Ambassador Ty of Agri, Marquis Tok of space stations Uni and Bio and General Ira of space station of Militia pushes rather forcible Rita aside as they enter the ice cold room with two floating Bbots or biomedical robots trailing them.
Heart grafting? Ty comments to Bbot1.
Transplants can be categorized as autograft, allograft, isograft, xenograft, split, or domino. The first biomedical robot or Bbot1 floats in the mid-air machines in synthesized tenor saxophone with Ty.
Which one will be used? Tok asks.
I will be using the autograft technique for vein extraction and storing blood to the new heart. I need the donor alive for this surgical procedure. The consensus of the biomedical robots agrees with the overall plan to use a living subject with renewable tissue and fluids from a live body that can provide blood transfusion to Prince Rann and cells for the rejuvenation organ process. Bbot1 machines.
Cells for rejuvenation? Ty questions with frowning lips.
Stem cell rejuvenation is highly successful and permanent for a patient like Prince Rann with extensive biological damage to vital organs. Stems are primal cells found in all multi-cellular organisms that retain the ability to renew themselves through cell division, growth and transformation into specialized cells with characteristics consistent of various tissues such as muscles or nerves through cell culture rather than the traditional harvesting medical procedure. Bbot2 machines in flute soprano to Ty.
What does all your bio tech babble mean to Rann? Ira demands, standing at attention against the wall.
We will be growing a living organ then transplant a new heart in Prince Rann. Bbot1 machines.
Is that possible? Ty asks.
We have the technology to repair him better than before. Bbot1 machines.
His heart died when the maser ray exploded the valves and arties. The organ storage on this facility does not include extra human hearts. Ty notes.
You are correct, Ambassador Ty. We have to find him a new one. Bbot2 machines.
We do? Ty mentions.
How? Ira asks.
The question to ask is who? Bbot1 machines.
Her! Bbot2 machines and limb points to me. I sigh with shock.
Me! I mice-squeak.
Her? Ty asks.
Her? Tok repeats.
The prisoner? Rita finger points at me.
Wait! I dont understand. Ira growls like a wounded animal.
The prisoner for our medical case is the donor. She is an exact paired-exchange match to the prince with her organic tissues. They are compatible to his biological system. Bbot1 machines.
I understand. I agree. Youre going to cut out her heart to place inside Rann. Ira jokes.
We are going to splice a piece of her artery valve from her healthy heart, then grow, feed and shape the sliver into a heart and implant the new functioning organ in Prince Rann. Bbot2 machines. I sigh with fear.
Why her? Ty asks.
The decision to use the prisoner is based on the recipients biological criteria. She holds the correct proportion of proteins, enzymes and agents in her blood system to make this process possible for Ranns cellular structure to re-generate the heart, veins and muscles needed for a fully functioning organ to survive in his body. Bbot1 machines. I sigh with deep worry.
She does? Tok asks.
Hows that possible for her to be the one? Ira questions.
I cannot answer that question. I do not know. Bbot1 machines.
What about me? I will provide the sliver artery. Ty asks.
You did not possess those traits. No one else does. I have checked the citizen bot data base carefully. I am the head medical advisor in this compound. This is the best candidate in the universe to save Prince Ranns life. Bbot1 machines.
She will not die. Ira observes.
Too bad! Rita spits, hotly. I sigh with death.
The present state of technology for cell extraction is painless and safe. The prisoner will live for another 100 years. Bbot2 machines as I giggle being saved by the bell orthe robot! I sigh with life.
Bbots are going to operate on me taking tissue and giving Rann a new heart. I desire to give Rann my heart but not literally. But to save his life, I will do it. I sigh with true love.
Lets do the surgery, now? Ira pull the dagger from his utility belt, staring at me with intense hate since the man desires to do great harm to me as soon as possible.
We need a sterile environment to perform the operation. Bbot1 machines.
Pull the knife away, Ira. Ty demands as Ira shifts his arm down to his leg still holding the dagger.
When is the operation to be scheduled? Tok asks.
In precisely fifteen minutes the live dual surgery is scheduled simultaneously for economical purposes. Bbot2 machines.
Economical purposes? Tok asks.
There is only one existing heart ventilator machine located in the compound which Prince Rann happens to be using. We do not have efficient surgery equipment for a full heart transplant. We have to be innovated and improvised new surgery techniques for this usual procedure. Bbot1 machines.
Like what exactly, I require greater detail of your new surgical procedures before you cut on Rann. Ty asks.
Ambassador Ty, time is of the essence now. Bbot1 machines.
Do you want me to cut the cord? Bbot2 machines to Bbot1. 
What does that mean? Tok asks.
Not yet! We will remove the cord to the heart-lung machine after the organ has grown and placed into Ranns chest cavity to ensure continued breathing. Bbot1 machines.
Ty neck snaps his skull at the glass coffin containing his buddy, commanding. Proceed. Ty swipes the sweat from his brow with a handkerchief as Tok sits back into the only chair in the room against the wall. Rita stares in silence at the floor and Ira moves closer to me with the dagger flexing inside his left hand. I do not move, blink, or breathe.
Gentlemen and Ladies, allow me to ensure you there is less risk for the patient and better recovery time with our newly improvised surgical procedures. The post-operative survival rate is 100%. The procedure will enhance his life without the standard rejection of the heart muscle and traditional side effects from the numerous pharmacy drugs and no infection in the liver, kidneys, spleen and intestines or stomach and no tainted blood in his entire biological system. Bbot2 machines.
Please clear the operating theater. Bbot2 swings square skull to the nobles and machines.
We are staying. Ty announces.
And watching? Ira adds.
As you wish, nobles and noblettes! Bbot1 machines to Bbot2. Gowns and masks for the visitors. Do not interfere with my staff. I will not be pleased and the consequences will not be pleasant.
We will not interfere. Tok expresses as Hbot brings more chairs lining the far wall for the un-welcomed nobles. Other Bbots carry additional medical equipment consisting of a respiratory therapy machine, two ventilators, three oxygen tanks, and numerous small pieces of surgical equipment and instruments. I sigh with deep concern.
I will summarize the overall medical protocol and explain each procedure administrated step by step for Prince Rann to ensure your understanding and my continued existence as the head biomedical robot. Bbot1 machines as I giggle.
Bbot understands Ira very well. If something happens to Rann and he dies, Ira will be using not the dagger but his maser not only on Bbot1 but the entire bio-medical robots housed in this compound as I snort.
At present, the medical situation shows Prince Rann without a heart. He is living on an artificial respiratory machine which is pumping blood and oxygen throughout his biological body. The unconscious body will live in this current state for another three hours. Then, the biological body of Prince Rann will cease to function. I will fashion a new heart for him then transplant the organ into his cavity chest. Prince Rann will live. Bbot1 machines.
Fashion!? Ty asks.
The term means to grow an organ outside the body. Bbot 2 machines.
Youre going to grow a heart. Ty comments.
Wait! Grow a heart in this environment! This isnt a traditional operating room. Can they do that? Tok turns to ask Tok as Tok shrugs his massive shoulders without an answer.
We have the technology. Bbot1 machines.
Rannll receive a new heart and survive. Rita expresses.
Prince Rann will live for another 200 years. Bbot2 machines as the nobles laugh as I think that robots do have hearts and humor. I sigh with delight.
The new grown organ will be extracted from a donor using a small tissue of an existing healthy heart. The tissue will re-generate in this device within five minutes to become a fully functional working organ. Bbot1 machines.
Remarkable! Tok expresses.
Not really! Bbot2 machines.
Are we ready? Bbot1 machines as it views the nobles and the nobles nods their skulls in silence acceptance.
Prince Rann is the recipient of the organ. Lady Starra is the donor of the tissue. Bbot2 machines.
I have a question. Rita injects. Wouldnt it be easier to take her healthy pumping heart and transplant it into Ranns body? Hell survive.
You are correct, Viscountess Rita. The procedure is possible. Bbot2 machines.
I already suggested that solution. So, do it? Ira orders. I sigh with doom.
General Ira, I have stated to you that I need the donors proteins, enzymes, and tissues to generate a healthy heart for Prince Rann. If you continue to interrupt my work, I will dismiss you from the operating theater. Bbot1 machines as nobles snicker along the wall as Ira re-seats inside his chair, folding his sleeves over his uniform with the dagger protruding from his hand.
The donor will be anesthetized before the removal of a sliver sample of her heart. Bbot2 machines.
You mean etherized, dont you? Ira corrects and laughs.
We do not believe you understand the proper medical term. The word is anesthesia which is the process of placing drugs into the organic body for numbing of the nervous system before removal of the tissue. Bbot1 machines.
I though you need a deceased donor. Ira laughs.
We want an alive and breathing donor. I need her blood for the first transfusion after the completion of the transplantation. Bbot2 machines.
Then, youare going to etherized her. Ira jokes and laughs.
No. Bbot1 machines.
I also recommend that we harvest all her healthy and functioning organs and transplant them into our citizens after Ranns procedure is finished. Ira laughs.
Stop sparking an ethical debate, Ira? Tok demands.
You ask too many complicated questions, Ira. Keep the plan simply, remove her heart and let her die. Rita threatens.
Shut up, everyone! Quit arguing with Bbot and allow the robot to finish its job of saving Ranns life. Ty dictates with an angry tone to his baritone voice. I sigh with relief.
May I continue? Bbot1 asks Ty.
Yes. Ty answers with a head nod.
Begin the operation! Bbot1 machines, approaching me as its silver mechanical hand touches the metal cuffs around my wrists and pulls but the cuffs do not bulge but my wrists hurt from the jerk.
Give me the key. Bbot2 orders to Ty.
Key? Ty asks.
For the hand cuffs. Bbot2 machines.
Do you have the key, Ira? Ty asks.
I do not. Ira replies.
Tok, do you have the key? Ty asks.
Nope. Tok answers.
Rita, you handcuffed her. Do you have the key? Ty asks.
No. Rita answers.
You do not possess the key to the electronic cuffs? Bbot1 machines.
I guess not. Ty answers as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
I must have the bonds removed before I can begin the operation to save Prince Ranns life. Bbot1 machines. 
Ira stands swiftly, sheathing the dagger into the pouch, retrieving the maser waving the exposed weapon in the air waves, offering. Allow me. He grins with a wicked smile from ear to ear as Ty jerks the weapon from Iras right hand.
I will. Ty remarks.
Ill keep her alive. Ira comments as Rita laughs.
Barely. Tok answers. Were all very familiar with your survival methods, Ira.
As long as Rann is alive, hes our leader. I obey his commands. He wants the hostage alive and unharmed. Ill obey that command, also. Does everyone understandme? Ty issues.
I hold my arms off the side of the bed as Ty aims the maser at my metal binders. I close my eyelashes and pray, hoping hes a great, accurate, precise and perfect marksman with the maser. Ty fires the maser at the center of the cuffs as the lock melted into a gooey pie of silver metal on the floor. I shake the hot irons from my wrists, dropping it to the floor.
Bonds removed. Ty smiles at me and wink friendly.
Remove her dress. Bbot2 machines.
NO! I shout.
Whats the problem, now? Ty flips his face to Bbot with annoyance.
The garment will interfere with the operation. Remove it. Bbot2 machines.
Ty examined me with acute eyeball as he pulls his silver dagger from the hidden pocket inside his green vest mocking Ranns dress code, preferring the open vest and matching trousers to the hot tunics and long flowing robes used by the other nobles. I sigh with intrigue.
Rann dresses in gold vests and matching pants tucked into spit and polished knee black leather boots sometimes wearing a black maser or silver sabers at his waist. I sigh with true love.
Ty gently tugs me from the hospital bed as I stand on the pink flowing puffy gown blossoming into a 360 degree circle around my body. The three stiff crinolines under the light weight gown fill the fabric, making my legs itch. Ty slices the gown using the dagger horizontal across the tops of my kneecaps then down to the floor as pink and white fabric drop silently to the floor exposing my pink sandaled feet and tanned legs.
The dress does not interfere anymore. Ty remarks and smiles at me as I crawl back onto the hospital bed and prop my legs under my fanny, straightening my back.
Iamready. I word nervously.
Ambassador Ty, please take your seat. Bbot2 machines.
Ill observe from here, thank you. Proceed! Ty declares, folding his biceps against his bare chest as he leans against the wall near me.
Anesthesia the donor. Bbot1 machines as I shiver from the coldness in the room with the removal of the extra layer of clothes allowing my lower body to be exposed to the ice cold temperatures in the new sterile operating room. Or.I might just be afraid.
Wait! Ty warns as he grabs two blankets from the side table, placing them over my lower body covering my exposed legs and feet. Better? Ty asks to me.
Yes, thank you. I meekly word as I shiver in the cold. I sigh with doom.
Dont worry. Theyre the most experienced medical bots in the universe. Ty reassures and winks friendly at me while he pats my hand. Bbot2 holds the needle in the air, spurting the excess liquid from the syringe as Bbot1 sprays a white mist into my freckled face then I cough and sneeze, smelling the odor of bananas, feeling hungry.
I mentally think of bananas, dancing, singing, playing, feeling relaxed, lightheaded and really good as I droop my shoulders against the rear of the bed frame, tilting my pretty head to the left since my body movements arent being controlled by my brain cells, seeing Ranns handsome face inside the glass coffin.
Whats happening to her? Ty trots to the edge of the hospital bed, staring at me with concern.
The drug is used to paralyze her nerve endings for the surgery. The donor is experiencing great pleasure and high joy. Lady Starra will not be able to feel the incision to her heart with this medicine. Bbot1 machines.
I might be numb but I am not deaf, buddy as Bbot2 lifts the surgical scalpel from the tray with its mechanical limb. I sigh with numbness.
This is not going to hurt. Bbot2 machines as noble chuckle.
Where have I heard that before? I slur ugly as Ty chuckles. Tok grins and Ira huffs while Rita puffs.
The surgery procedure is conducted like an orchestrated musical show as Bbot1 narrates the story line while Bbot2 plays the medical instruments, not musical instruments! I sigh with worry.
Slicing epidermis. Bbot2 machines.
Good. Bbot1 machines as tiny splatters of my red blood drip down the pink dress as the outer wound stops bleeding while I do not experience pain since the banana drug is working.
How long does the drug last? Ty asks.
Fifteen minutes. Bbot1 machines.
Between the rib cage, penetrating the tissue. Bbot2 machines.
Good. Bbot1 machines.
Are you in pain? Ty asks to me.
Who cares? Ira interrupts.
Shut up, Ira. Ty fumes.
No. I word quietly.
Good. Bbot1 machines as Bbot2 cuts the incision into the muscle tissue covering the heart and finally into the organ.
Extract complete. Bbot2 machines.
Close the incision. Bbot1 machines. 
Bbot uses a small laser instrument to mend my broken golden skin as my epidemic ripples into a pink wound then I will apply a healing after Im off these drugs. I can extract the drugs from my biological system anytime using my Telemetabolics or healing touch. You dont think this is painful while some metal trash can slices a piece of your heart out of your conscious breathing body while you are watching. I dare ya to ponder that mental thought. Bbot2 places my heart sample in the middle of a round glass dish on the high cart beside the coffin as I get an unobstructed view of the Rann, the dish, the specimen, and the coffin. The sliver specimen of my heart which is a part of me looks like a plantation earth worm. I sigh with grossness.
Im a farmer, not a nurse. This stuff really grosses me out and I might faint but I wasnt drugged preventing falling down as I gurgle a weird sound in the air waves.
The undifferentiated cell found and extracted from her body will divide, multiply and replenish specialized cells into a working muscle. Bbot1 machines as Bbot2 flashes a series of bright yellow and blue lights onto the earth wormI mean specimen.
Unipotent progenitors cells have been used for generations in regenerative medicine in the universe. Bbot1 machines. My heart sliver wiggles. I sigh with curiosity.
The asymmetric division is beginning. Bbot2 machines.
From the one single cell, the progenitor cell will self-renew by creating rounds of millions of cells before forming a mature muscle. Bbot1 machines as it jumps and dances growing many times in the clear dish. I sigh with intrigue.
The cell membrane proteins are forming. Bbot2 machines. 
Monitor the signals. Bbot1 machines.
Signals. Ty repeats, screwing his eyebrows, ugly. 
Cells produce energy paths that tell each cell what to do. If the signals are not present, the muscle stops forming. Bbot1 machines.
My heart sliver is growing bigger right before my eyeballs as it splits and grows thousand times in size since the first wiggle in the glass dish. I sigh with disbelief.
Dpp and adherins junctions complete. Bbot2 machines.
The signal pathways that lead to reprogramming of cells include several transcription factors including the oncogene c-Myc which direct differentiation and allow the muscle to become pluripotent. Bbot1 machines.
Pluripotent? Ty asks.
The cell can become any tissue in the body that we want it to be. Bbot1 machines.
Growth complete. Bbot2 machines.
Excellent. Bbot1 machines as the specimen shapes into a heart with veins, valves, arties, and muscles, growing an adult heart for Rann. I sigh with happiness.
Open the lid. Bbot1 machines.
White steam floats from the glass enclosure as Rann lays sprawled on the table with his arms at his side and legs apart. His handsome face appears calm and peaceful with his eyelids closed, looking dead. He is in a resting slumber. I sigh with true love.
I clear my fuzzy mind using my Telemetabolics as I scan Rann, probing his mind first, finding he is dreaming. Then I allow my Telemetabolics to inspect his body as his blood flows. His pulse ticks and his arms and legs are twitching. His body is warm with the self heating machine. His body shows good signs of life. I sigh with relief.
The mechanical heart-lung machine covers the entire chest cavity like big sea shell with the semi-round edges and silky wavy surface of gleaming white material without seams, parts, wires, cables, or ports as my Tele sense ping. Everything aint fine.
Unplug cords. Bbot1 machines.
Cords deactivated. Bbot2 machines.
Remove machine. Bbot1 machines.
Machine detached. Bbot2 machines.
Implant organ. Bbot1 machines as Bbot2 moves the delicate red dry heart from the glass dish into Ranns open wet exposed red chest. The robot snaps, cuts, and place the organ inside Rann as the light show ends.
Heart attached. Bbot2 machines.
Start blood flow. Bbot1 machines as Bbot2 squeezes the liquid bag of blood pouring down the clear tubing into Ranns arm.
Blood flow established. Bbot2 machines.
Rejection? Bbot1 machines.
None. Bbot2 machines.
We will know within seconds if the heart deteriorates and stops functioning at great speed during death. Bbot1 machines.
Im too nervous to use my Tele powers to monitor Ranns medical condition. Anyways, if Rann dies, Im going to bring Rann back to life by using Ritas life form, if I have too. Rann is not going to die on me since Ive waited to be his wife for to long. I sigh with triple prayer.
Cyclosporine? Bbot1 machines.
What are you doing? Ty asks.
Immunosuppression drug to boost white cells from infection from nephrotoxicity. Bbot1 machines.
Ready? Bbot2 machines.
Apply? Bbot1 machines.
Complete, Bbot2 machines.
Status? Bbot 1 machines.
Non-functioning, Bbot2 machines.
What? Whats non-functioning? Ty demands.
Using my Telemetabolics, I scan Rann finding his heart, value, and arties are in perfect shape as he is alive but his hear is dead. I sigh with fear.
Shock treatment? Bbot1 machines.
Shock? Ty repeats.
Rannll be alright, Ty. Theyre the best the medical team in the universe. Tok shuffles beside Ty, reassuring as hot yellow electricity beams sizzle in the air of the cold operating room from the heart machine.
Heat will stimulate the nerve endings into jumping starting the heart. Bbot1 machines as it places the live sizzling hot wire onto Ranns heart. POP!
Is he alive? Ty asks.
Not yet! Bbot1 machines. POP! Bbot1 places the wire again for a second shock.
Is he alive? Ty asks.
Prince Rann is alive. Bbot2 machines as the nobles cheer and I cheer silently.
Blood transfusion. Bbot2 machines.
We need a fresh supply of blood during the transplant stage of the new heart. Bbot1 machines.
I volunteer. Ty offers as he flexes his bicep for the medical treatment.
The donors blood, Bbot1 machines.
ME! I mice squeak.
We explained the procedure in detail. We need your heart tissue sample and your blood. Bbot2 machines. Like I understand all the medical and surgery terms the bio-medical robots use during the operation and growth of the organ for Rann from my blood as I extend gingerly my left arm.
Bbot ties off the leather stripe around my arm then jams the sharp needle attached to an empty bag on the pole into the center of my vein. OUCH! That hurt. I whine as Bbot2 jerks the needle back from me.
You are experiencing pain. The sedation has worn off. This is very odd! Bbot1 machines as I do not comment since I have used my Telemetabolics to clear the drugs from my biological system because I thought the medical procedure was complete.
Sedate her, again. Bbot2 machines.
No! It is too late. Bbot1 machines.
Puncture her. Bbot2 machines.
Allow me to punch her. Ira stands and growls like a wounded animal at me.
Sit down General Ira. Puncture the arm with the needle for the blood, now. Bbot1 machines. Puncture the vein. Bbot2 stabs the needle into my arm as my red blood spurts into the air, on the bed, on my dress and on the robot. I sigh with pain.
Bbot2 squeezes the plastic bag as blood surges up the tubing into the bag gathering my precious gift of life like hes milking a plantation dairy cow while the bag fills quickly. I sigh with aid.
Finished. Bbot2 machines.
Bbot2 inserts a new needle into Ranns arm attaching the tubing to the bag of blood starting the transfusion process as I save his life. Ya know Rannll be my slave for the rest of his life as I giggle lightly.
Ranns body quivers slightly. Blood pressure. Bbot1 machines.
50 over 45; 80 over 50; 90 over 60; 110 over 70 and leveling. Bbot2 machines.
Good. Bbot1 machines. Heart pulse?
40, 50, 55, 60 and steady. Bbot2 machines.
Good. Bbot1 machines. Heart volume per beat?
70 beats per minute, Bbot2 machines.
Heart volume per stroke? Bbot1 machines.
80. Bbot2 machines.
Functioning, Bbot1 machines.
Functioning. Bbot2 machine.
Very good! Bbot1 machines.
Whats very good? Whats happening, Bbot? Ty asks.
The heart from the donor Lady Starra is fully functioning at peak parameters in Prince Ranns biological body. He will live for another 100 years with the right touch of tender loving care. Bbot1 machines as the nobles cheer and clap along with me.
Thank you. Ty addresses and smiles with relieve.
Great job, bots, Tok compliments.
You did it. Ira acknowledges as Rita is silent since Rann is alive and going to live.
Close the chest cavity. Bbot1 machines.
Chest cavity closed. Bbot2 machines as it performs the action.
Solder the rib cage. Bbot1 machines.
Ribs welded. Bbot2 machines as it performs the action.
Close the epidermis. Bbot1 machines.
Epidermis closed. Bbot2 machines as it performs the action.
Everyone leave the medical ward. Prince Rann needs rest. Bbot1 squeaks its metal skull at the nobles and machines.
Leave? Ty asks with confusion as he stands.
Go away! Bbot2 machines.
I will leave and return. Ty empties.
Tomorrow. Bbot2 machines as Ira struts  across the room forcefully grabbing my arm.
I need Lady Starra. Bbot1 machines to Ira.
For what? Rita spits.
Her jobs finished. Ira growls.
She needs rest and rejuvenation also. Bbot1 machines.
Shes a prisoner. Rita explains.
Shes a donor. Bbot2 machines.
I mentioned this before. She is carrying the life giving gift, her blood. Bbot1 machines.
Prince Rann needs her blood just in case.of. Ty empties, jerking Iras hand from my arm.
For how long? Ira asks Ty.
As long as I say, General Ira. I am the head biomedical bot on this compound. Bbot1 machines.
Bots, you cant live without them. Ira lectures as he chuckles.
This is a kind remark, General Ira. Bbot2 machines.
It was not meant to be kind. Ira growls and smirks.
Very good. Every one depart. Bbot1 machines as the noble leave one by one while Ty moves into my face.
Ty offers. Have a good rest, Lady Starra. Ill see you later.
Alright! I reply, leaning against the wall, covering in the blankets for warmth as Bbot1 and Bbot2 float out the door as the room temperature increases to barely cold as I observe Rann laying inside the glass coffin with an oxygen mask aiding his breathing and my sliver of heart pumps red blood cells around his body then I close my eyelashes for slumber.
Day 136. medical ward. hot and heated afternoon. I awake to silence as I remember yesterday, jumping kitten-like off the bed and padding to Rann. I sigh with true love.
I open the lid with the aid of my Telekinesis as white warm steam floats to the ceiling, seeing Rann sleep so peaceful on his back with arms at his side. I sigh with true love.
I trace with eyeballs the deep red scar around his chest from the surgery as I slap my hands together, creating a tiny heat wave in my open palms, placing both palms on his chest as Rann shifts his shoulders slightly from the heat. I sigh with true love.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I blink open my eyelashes, tracing the burned flesh from the laser scalpel. Lasers are wonderful instruments for surgeries but they leave nasty scars which takes hours, days, and maybe years to heal as I giggle making Ranns scar heal faster. I touch the top of the scar, feeling the raised flesh and misaligned soldering of the tissue like a fission upon Ranns body with blood caked and coated around the sides of the stitches using my Telemetabolics to examine is Ranns bio life systems finding his breathing is shallow and steady. Heart rate, pulse, blood pressure are all normal.
The blood flows throughout the body into all organs, veins, tissues, and muscles as his skin glows a bright peachy orange from my alien blood as I giggle. After his minerals, enzymes, and fluids cool down, hell turn brown again as I snort. I guide my two fingers around the perimeter of the scar rippling the skin smooth from a bright red color to a light shade of pink beige satin tone. I sigh with deed.
I actually have saved Ranns life twice but whos counting. I flash back mentally in the third time line when I jumped from the tower castle floor onto a hay wagon with Rann saving us from the fighting rebels.
I flash present mentally Rann, Ira, Dirk, Rita, Ty doesnt like. I sigh with pity.
I press my hands together for a second healing, placing both palms on each leg as Rann quivers with the heat. I sigh with true love.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I blink open eyelashes, seeing Rann glow red as I giggle and muse. A little too much heat, huh. I touch his sweaty forehead as Rann presents with a fever of 101 degrees Fahrenheit since his red and white blood cells are reacting to my heated healing touch. Then Rann stirs as his eyelids blink once, twice, and thrice at me. I sigh with happiness.
Rann cringes then folds his half naked body into a curved ball as I step backwards to the door and call out. BBOT. Ty, Tok, Ira, Rita, Bbot1, and Bbot2 invades the room like an army of hungry ants during meal time.
Rita shoves and shuns at me. Out of the way, prisoner! I shuffle bare feet to the other side of the glass coffin leaning against the wall out of the way but viewing the commotion.
Ranns awake. Ty remarks with happiness, smiling.
Do not touch him? I must examine him, first. Bbot1 machines and pulls the medical instrument shaped like a stethoscope to check his heart rate. Not good.
Whats wrong with him? Ty observes as Rann curls into a rubber ball inside the coffin.
Analyzing? Bbot2 machines.
His physical condition is excellent. The heart pump, valves and muscles are functioning within normal parameters. Bbot1 machines.
Hes different. Tok remarks.
Analyzing? Bbot2 machines.
His mental health is damaged. Bbot1 machines.
Mental health? Ty repeats.
His mind, his psyche, his behavior, his personality, his true self are affected. Bbot2 machines. I sigh with pity.
He seems to be exhibiting feelings of insecurity and awkwardness. Tok addresses as he twists his lips, ugly.
Do you mean hes an introvert? Tok asks.
Introverts choose to avoid social situations. They derive no reward from them. They find the extra sensory input overwhelming. Bbot2 machines.
The answer is no. Bbot1 machines.
Whats wrong with Rann? Ira demands.
Rann looksafraid. Ty remarks.
What does that mean? Tok asks.
Presentation of the patient? Bbot1 machines.
The patient is healthy, alive and will live with tender loving care but presents with anxious temperament. Bbot2 machines.
What did Bbot2 say? Ira inquires.
He is shy. Bbot1 machines.
What? Tok asks.
How? Ty asks.
Most likely during the frightful experience of his physical anxiety interaction with violence. Bbot2 machines.
You mean the shooting. Ira storytells.
When Rita tried to kill Rann Ty blasts.
I neck snap my curls at Ty as he smiles at me, touching tenderly my arm and announces. Bbot recorded the entire murder attempt.
Rita yells. What?
Arrest her! Ira spits as Gbots grab each arm of Rita, holding her in place.
Youll pay for thisall you nobles. Rita threatens.
Not soon enough for me. Ty teases as smirks at the real enemy and spy.
Lock her in the penthouse. Ira orders.
Wait, Gbot! She should stay and witness her failure. Ranns going to live and he is going be healthy and mad. Ty proposes with a grin.
Healthy and mad. Tok repeats and chuckles.
She can stay but dont release her arms. Ira orders to the Gbots.
The body of Prince Rann is healed but the maser damage affected his genes, his DNA. Bbot1 machines.
Can you correct it? Ty asks.
We are programmed to perform behavioral genetic surgeries. Bbot2 machines.
Make him bold? Ira demands.
Medical case documented research studies have shown shy people are perceived to be good listeners and more likely to think before they speak. Bbot1 machines. 
Now, you babbling cylinder. Ira growls as I smile.
Unlike you, General Ira. Bbot1 machines as I giggle.
Do it? Ira orders.
Furthermore, these same research studies have shown boldness, the opposite of shyness, may cause problems such as impertinence or inappropriate behavior. Bbot1 machines. 
Rann always exhibited unpredictable behavior. Tok laughs as I giggle.
Now! Ira demands.
Similar to your personality, General Ira. Bbot2 machines.
Gbot. Ira shouts.
General. Gbot machines. 
If this bumbling machine does not start the operation in three seconds, blast it between its iridescent sensors. Ira orders as the other nobles ignore irate Ira.
Yes, General. Gbot moves the maser rifle from its shoulder to its hands, aims, and targets on Bbot1 as I giggle since Ira can be a very intimating mad man when he wants something done his way.
My medical database indicates that the gene for shyness and aggression is related to the same gene, DRD4. Bbot1 machines.
Access the gene? Ty requests.
Use the Serotonin transporter. Bbot1 instructed.
Retrieved the glutamic acide decarboxylase gene. Bbot2 replied.
Explain Bbot? Ty demands. 
It encodes an enzyme that functions in GABA synthesis which is associated with social behavioral inhibition. Bbot1 machines.
The second gene. Bbot2 machines.
The dopamine D4 receptor gene DRD4 Exon III polymorphism. Bbot1 machines.
Retrieved. Bbot2 machines.
The anxiety trait has been modified. Bbot1 machines.
Is he fixed? Ira asks as I giggle like Rann is fixed like a Woof dog.
Fixed, he is not. He is adjusted. Bbot2 machines.
The personality of Prince Rann has been modified to reflect qualities of aggressivity, arrogance and extroversion characteristics. Bbot1 machines.
You better hope so, cylinder. Ira threatens in an evil huff.
I must point out Prince Rann had displayed these fore bearing attributes before his accident but I cannot guarantee the degree depth of the new behavior. Bbot1 machines.
Dont worry? I can. Ira talks.
Thank you, Bbot. Ty expresses.
Back to normal, I hope. Tok remarks. I sigh with worry.
The patient needs rest. Bbot1 machines.
How long? Ira asks.
One hour. Bbot2 machines.
He will be functioning properly. Bbot1 machines.
He better be. Ira threatens.
Do not threaten us, General Ira? Bbot2 machines.
He better be. Ira repeats the threat to the bots as I giggle.
NOOOO! A loud baritone trombone sounds from the encased glass coffin as faces turn and stare as Rann pushes the glass lid open with his strong arms. CRASH! The hinges detach from the pins as the glass spills onto the hard tile. I sigh with pride.
Rann is strong and mad if someone had tried to kill me, hearing that a citizen replays the last impression from a violent act emerging from a coma and getting shot with a burning smoking yellow wave of heat is considered a very violent act as I stare at Rita who turns pale in her beautiful face.
Rann! Ira shouts as Rann scoots from the dais, standing on the floor wearing only the hospital white towel around his waist as I snicker.
How do you feel Prince Rann? Bbot1 machines.
ANGRY! Rann rumbles in deep baritone trombone while silence from the nobles for1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds. Who shot me? Rann demands.
Rita. Ty finger points at her and tattles.
MASER! Rann order as Ira hands off his maser to Rann without hesitation then Rann aims into her face, greeting. Good bye, Rita. Rann yells as the red wave hits the ceiling while Ty shoves the maser towards the roof rafters when Rann screams. Stang! What are you doing, Ty?
She is Dirks spy. The one we have been searching for. We need her alive, just a little longer to end this War. Ty explains as Rann ponders while Ira is mad and Tok is neutral. Rita is pale and I am quiet.
Fine! She lives just a little longer. Ira. Rann concedes to Tys request.
Yes, Sire. Ira responses.
Get information out of her, now, before I change my mind. Rann warns.
Gbots, this way! Ira orders as they exit the archway into dark hallway.
YOU! Rann neck snaps his skull at me, yelling as I stand between the glass coffin and the wall. I sigh with doom.
Starra is not the spy. Shes our prisoner. Ty reminds as Ty retrieves the maser from Ranns loose fingers.
Rann, whats wrong with you? Tok asks.
Rann sighs then breathes deeply as he views the wall, commenting. I feel ...different ...almost alien.
Alien, he I words as I giggle since Im the true teen alien in this adventure story but Rann has added more of my alien blood to his biological system. Rann is part Earthling like me. I sigh with alien.
Rann finger points at me, issuing. Take the prisoner back to her cell before I make another executive decision.
Yes, Sire. Gbot machines.
I will escort her. Ty replies, extending his arm for me to grab for protection from the new Rann as I stumble on bare feet into the hallway. Are you alright? Ty asks as the other gentleman in the new universe as I envy Joy his betrothed girl friend.
Im a little weak. I mention.
Blood transfusion. Ty educates to me with my lack of body parts, fluids, sleep, food, heat, security, comfort, and a touch of tender loving care but thankful to be alive since Rita is going to die.
Prison cell. I enter the elevator and step into the familiar hallway. Same floor, same room. Same bot. Bbot, open the door for Lady Starra. Ty orders using my new title Enjoy your evening, Starra. Ty expresses with a smile.
Thank you. I smile, entering the hot room with no air conditioning. I really did blow the fuses on bot control on my assigned mission from Dirk since I havent seem or heard from the man in a few days.
Food is on the tables as I eat steak and fruit along with my most favorite food in the entire universe chocolate cupcakes, pondering PLAN B escape. I have used PLAN B which failed when I sorta climbed down the stairs then captured by Rann hiding on the sun patio. And I have used PLAN C escape when I leaped into the carrier for fast takeoff then re-captured by Rann hiding in the rear seat.
I plot PLAN D escape from Rann and search for Dirk, finishing my primary job as I peek-a-boo my curls over the ledge of the window, seeing a very long way down to the ground since I will skip the stairs and use the bricks for my homemade foot mounts from twenty-stories high and.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
Go! I do not move.
Go! I place left foot on the pane of the open window holding with both hands each side of the window seal then set the right foot on the small platform outside the window ledge, standing with my freckled face towards the openness with no wind, sun or guards. I sigh with almost feat.
Go! I turn around to face the open window with my back to the descending sun as I plant my left  hand on one brick of the hotel then use Telekinesis I hold my body in the air as I shift twelve inches sideways, grabbing another brick with my right hand moving another ten inches across the wall to the next window. I straddle the platform while breathing deeply using Telepathy as I scan the room with the locked window latch which can be heard by a passing guest. I sigh with almost complete.
I shuffle my body across the brick then down two stories to the outside window, finding the window I is locked but the room is empty then I shift to the next window across to the eighteenth floor. I sigh with almost there.
The window is open, climbing inside and breathing heavy since Ill still sore from my heart surgery to save Ranns life form. I hear the musical drums banging and flutes tooting as the cheery song plays downstairs below me while I near the large dance hall as I stroll into the dark hallway. I sigh with almost accomplishment.
This is my day. I whisper with almost victory as I march towards the exit door across the planks of construction, noting the red neon signs on the wall as my right foot touches the single floor board. The plank doesnt hold my weight of 95 pounds as it breaks, hitting the below level as I fall in forward motion downward.
I grab for something the nearest wood beam with both hands as I hang from the eighteenth floor by my finger nails on a jagged edge of the broken plank. I dangle dangerously in the air waves with no floor below me, no ceiling above me, and no walls beside me as I suspend in the air with my body twirling in circles over the dance hall. Citizens stop dancing. The music stops playing. Voices stop talking.
LOOK! Male tenor yells as faces glide upon discovering me. I sigh with embarrassment.
SHOOT! Female soprano screams as faces sneer at me twirling like a duck. I sigh with danger.
Rann scoops me from the beam between his bicep riding on the looping rope as we land safely upon the protruding balcony as Rann grins and waves with his free hand as the citizens cheer.
TOSS HER! Male baritone hollers.
And they call me a monster. I remark.
Quiet. Rann orders, hugging me tighter.
Did I insult you? I inquire with a smirk.
Not now, Im trying to save your life. Rann both insults and compliments.
Second time in a row. I remind.
Its not personal. Rann pauses then names. Starra.
Really, Rann? I tease.
Youre a business proposition. Rann pauses then names. Starra.
O! I forgot. I taunt and giggle.
The overhead comlen powers interrupting my love chit chat with Rann as Dirk covers the wide screen, announcing. Citizens of the universe, I have an announcement. He pauses and pouts, funny. I am conceding the victor of the War to Prince Rann. He has defeated me, once for all. Dirk drops his skull in drama as the citizens erupt in clapping, cheering, yelling, and whistling.
Prince Rann, I welcome a truce and signing of the peace papers at your convenience. Dirk invites from his side of the Wall inside the comlen.
I accept. Rann shouts to Dirk as the comlen goes blank.
Finally. I relieve as I stare at Rann.
Finally. Rann smiles at me, pulling me close into his bare chest as he leans into my face, kissing my pink painted lips as we surface then he inquires. You know what this means?
Im no longer a monster. I taunt.
You are no longer my prisoner. Rann smiles.
May I leave? I asks with a wickedly smile.
Not ever! He words then kisses my lips again as we surface then Rann orders. Well leave together for Commerce for the end of the War.
Commerce. Dirks castle. Grounds. evening. Inside the zipper with Rann piloting I comment with a smirk. I have heard of Rann the Prince of Sahara but the Rann the peacemaker.
I want peace in our universe. Rann talks with deep justice and cause, staring out the view window, flying the zipper.
I do, too. I express.
I know. Rann smiles and winks at me.
I express with true conviction since the first alien time line. I want to help you get rid of a king.
I know. Rann smiles and winks at me a second time as we make a great pair. I sigh with true love.
This is finally my day. I whisper as Rann eases the zipper into the open grassy park in front of the Royal castle as Sbots or service robots open the hatch doors on the ship. I jump out and round the nose of the craft meeting Rann.
Welcome to Commerce, Rann. Dirk greets without extending a pale hand as both metal and human Royal honor guard units surround us, aiming maser rifles at our skulls.
Whats this matter, Dirk? Rann inquires with shock.
Your plan has worked perfectly, Princess Starra. Dirk bows to me.
NO! I yell. I sigh with surprise.
Good job, Starra! Rita lies honestly, standing on red high heels in the dirt since shes supposed to be dead by Iras hand.
NO! I yell, twice. I sigh with shock.
You scheming serpent, you tricked me. Rann releases my hand, hollering at me, moving away from Rita and Dirk.
NO! I yell, thrice. I sigh with stunness.
Place Rann in his uncomfortable jail cell, immediately. Dirk orders to Gbots.
Do you mean alive? Rita asks.
Alive? Dirk smiles with an evil.
Rann grabs the maser from his belt to defend himself against the true enemy of the universe, vile King Dirk and evil Viscountess Rita while Rann shoves me out of harm then I twirl to the dirt. I sigh with true love.
Dirk laughs and challenges. Alive is preferred but dead is acceptable. Both metal and human guards charge at Rann.
Get him! Rita screams.
NO! I yell as Rann shoots a red ray directly at Dirk as Dirk tumbles backward onto the ground in a form of a short somersault, avoiding the deadly wave. NO! I yell, twice then leap, T-rex from dirt to air and land center stage of Rann, protecting him from the any more harm with my body and Tele shields as I retrieve all the weapons from the Dirks attacking guards.
What are you doing, Starra? Rann inquires, breathing heavy behind my back muscles.
I did not come to fight, Dirk. I answer.
I did. Dirk hollers, pulling the golden dagger from purple robes as I shove Rann hard and fast to the left side of me while Rann rolls onto dirt into the green bushes.
Your fight is with me. I threaten to Dirk.
So be it! Dirk acknowledges as my Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
STARRA? Rann warns as I stop fighting then neck snap my curls to Rann, viewing him standing safely between the colorful flowers and round green bushes. PAIN! Warm liquid pours from my abdomen and down my right leg with my blood being stabbed by Rita. Rita shifts her body holding upright the bloody golden dagger from as I kneecap my body into the dirt, pressing both finger pads into the open wound. I sigh with danger.
Take Rann to his cell. Dirk issues to Gbots.
Starras going to die. Rann concerns as he struggles against the metal limbs moving towards the castle.
All of my citizens eventually die even the great Starra. Dirk words as he chuckles while walking behind the bound and tied Rann and beside Rita as I softly lie on the pointy green grass and close my eyelashes then faint into total darkness.
Epilogue. I sit, numbingly in my assigned seat with purposeful blindness of my closed eyelashes not moving, not thinking, and not praying being thankfully that Im alive.
I un-belt the restraints, popping the space astronaut helmet off my silver locks of hair then jump, kitten-like onto the battered warped floor as I lean heavily across the severed pilots chair, studying the radar screen intensively viewing the rough earth terrain. I sigh with surprise.
Snow-capped mountains locates on my left with live trees, flowering bushes and green foliage on the right side of the downed ship as my eyeballs follow the crooked narrow vehicle path down the middle of brown planet as my Tele senses ping. Everythings fine.
I stare out at the dirty window while whispering mysteriously. Theres a structure thirteen miles northeast of me, as the Tele powers kick into my mental mind.
I lovingly scan a bright yellow sun, a pretty baby blue sky, a smooth brown soil, and blink back wet hot tears of both happiness and horror. I barely recall within my brain cells meeting a set of new people, places, planets, and palaces, since I have some dang way scientifically traveled both, space and time to visit hereseven times.
Im back.as the alien. I sour my facial expression and mental thoughts, shaking bangs into my gray eyes.

Read next...Stang! Alien Princess
