
The Legend of Brandice May

By Kevin P Pearson

Text copyright 2013 Kevin P Pearson

All Rights Reserved

Smashwords Edition
This Ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This Ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

For dreamers young and old who yearn for wild adventure!

Acknowledgments

Many thanks to Katarzyna for her lifelike cover picture of the evil Brandice May.
To get in touch with Katarzyna regarding possible art projects, please contact her directly at the email address below.

Katarzyna Waszewska-Adamowska

LABARTE

Email: pracownia.labarte@gmail.com

Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28


Chapter 1

Lawrence perched atop the museum, peering over the deserted street far below. All was calm and quiet over Somerset tonight- Just how he liked it. This made things much, much easier. Only an owl hooting cautiously in spooky trees beyond disturbed the haunting silence. The dull moon sitting above woods in the distance was still only half full again. It had been this way for weeks, but tonight Lawrence had other more important things on his mind. 
A small polished mirror dangling on a fishing line, positioned at exactly the right angle told him the security guard was right on time. Hed let him pass once more before making his move. The man had never been late so far and his routine hadnt changed, but Lawrence had learnt it paid to make sure.
Lawrence had studied the museums layout many times during the day, guessing his best chance would lie at night when there were few witnesses. Intelligence contacts told him the target would be sitting patiently at the new Egyptian exhibit on the third floor at nine thirty precisely. 
Lawrence was so intent on his work he didnt care about tiny raindrops sliding down his balaclava and clinging to his neck, nor sweat pooling in his climbing boots. This should be a simple, short trip with very little chance of being seen. The back of the guards shiny uniform reflected in the glass again. Now, he had four minutes! Getting in proved far too easy. The creaky window was very old, so the broken catch slid down at the first heave. 
Hiding in the shadows of the crumbling building opposite, two piercing red eyes watched him slip inside. They blinked once, disappearing in a puff of green smoke.
Only safe access to the floor below was via antique heating ducts - perfect for someone his size. Knees pads made sure his approach remained silent. Very soon Lawrence dropped into staff toilets, which were as dark and quiet as outside, and climbed straight back into the next system that led him safely to the far end of the third floor. So far hed taken less than two minutes. 
Below the vent sat a beautiful tabby cat whose sparkling green eyes were fixed intently on the scratching behind a towering sarcophagus. Carefully prising the dusty vent cover open and allowing it to hang downwards, Lawrence saw his target perfectly. Excellent! 
Dangling from long rope only a few feet from the marble floor, Lawrence scooped her up in one flowing movement, placing her neatly in his knapsack. The surprised animal barely had time to murmur before they were both back in the vent and sliding along one upstairs.
Back at the entry point the patrolling guard noticed something strange. Lawrence slipped silently down a totem pole nearby as the man looked curiously at suspicious spots of water dotted on the dusty floor. This wouldnt do! Lawrence melted into shadows behind a giant bear whose enormous teeth glinted horribly in the eerie light of the pale moon. Drat, this wasnt part of the plan. If the man lingered longer a younger guard would join him, one who always came on duty at ten. Lawrence couldnt afford to get caught or it would all be over, everything - his dreams shattered, all hope lost. 
Now the old man noticed the broken window catch and moved forward to fix it. Just then his phone rang and he strolled off down the room. Lawrence heard him moving downstairs, chattering loudly. Bolting for the window, he squeezed through, hoisting himself up the long drainpipe onto the roof. It was raining harder now, and hed barely stood up when the place began to flood. A rusty old pipe had burst somewhere - another variable he hadnt counted on.
One minute later Lawrence crossed the roof by sliding over water cresting the top of a thick pipe and flew down the wet fire escape. Near the bottom he almost lost his footing. Grabbing his bike hidden deep in the bushes he set off home, purposely taking back routes which lay as strangely silent as before.
Lawrence closed the back door carefully, pleased with his nights work so far. Mum smiled from the TV room. Remember its school tomorrow, so dont stay up too late!
See you soon mum, he said, rushing downstairs to his lab in the cellar. On the examination table he opened the soft bag, allowing the puzzled cat to stroll out. All the same she seemed very happy to be there. Her contented purrs quickly filled the room and she lay on her side, nuzzling the soft material. Lawrence felt that terrible sinking feeling again. It wasnt her! Smell was different for one. But he couldnt be totally sure, so performed the tests as normal. 
What some people didnt realise was cats could change appearance quite a lot as they grew older, even colour in some cases. There were many reasons why. Unknown to her, this friendly young girl may still answer some questions. Besides, he felt glad to meet her as she did look a little underfed. Although most cats Lawrence borrowed were healthy, some folk simply didnt have the knowledge. Lack of responsibility dad used to call it.
Tonight had been Lawrences twelfth heist, quite an impressive record for one so young. He felt particularly proud of the night when he managed to capture two at the same time. But success had come at a price. Many cuts, scrapes and rope burns lay behind him, not to mention the nagging fact that he still hadnt found young Lucy.
For nearly a year Lawrence had trained hard. He could hang for twenty minutes from monkey bars at school - very useful while waiting for an unexpected guest to leave a room. Now an expert at rope climbing and sliding down gutters, he could also sneak on his tip toes, handy for sliding along little ledges only a few inches wide. And unlike some criminals who preferred fast, noisy cars, his mountain bike made an excellent getaway vehicle that slipped by authorities unnoticed.
Lawrences father had been an extremely good vet whom hed learnt much from. After performing usual tests for health and disease, Lawrence made sure to check the cat under ultra violet light. Aha! There it was again - the tenth so far! A small luminous speck nestled at the very tip of her tail. It was the seed of a rare glowing plant growing in wet, marshy places, far away from choking dust and urban grime of sprawling cities. Its natural stickiness made it very difficult to remove safely. Mr Davis had confirmed its species, though not knowing where the nearest source lay only added to the mystery. Something very strange was going on here. Sadly, exactly what neither could say just yet.
Lawrence fed the girl a healthy mix of meat and vegetables, which she wolfed down. He let her out the small window onto the back garden, where she meowed a time, looking in forlornly. A lot of them were like that, and didnt want to leave, but as much as he cared for cats, he couldnt allow it. For when Lucy returned, how could he be sure she wouldnt feel jealous that hed replaced her so easily?
Lawrence quickly tided the room, thinking through the small scraps of evidence found so far. He went through everything from beginning to end once more. It had been late, very late that Halloween, almost midnight. Lawrence was just about to go to bed, having been out at a party, when he noticed Lucys basket lay empty. He knew she always came in at nights before it got too dark, so he gazed out the window into the woods, expecting to see her happily padding up the garden path.
Instead he saw a strange green light glowing through the trees and felt an invisible buzzing flowing through the night air that made his hair stand on end and his bedroom light explode. The television switched on downstairs and fizzed loudly. Soon the room became uncomfortably hot. Farther out in the forest, lights turned blue, flashing hypnotically. Almost immediately his nose curled at the sickening smell of burning manure.
For a second those weird lights burned the brightness of the sun. Somewhere in the bushes he heard Lucy let out a surprised yowl. Even though at ten he still felt afraid of the dark, Lawrence bravely ran out to help his friend. At the bottom of the garden where wild grass met towering trees he tripped over a log, falling face first into a patch of nettles. All went dark. When he came to his senses the lights had gone, air had cleared, the moon hung high in the sky and Lucy was nowhere to be seen. His watch now read 1:30 am. 
That awful night Lawrence never slept. Instead he lay awake anxiously wondering what may have happened to poor Lucy. As soon as dawn broke he rushed down there to survey the scene, finding flattened grass swirled in strange circles, broken trees branches singed high up and a tiny speck of bright yellow slime sheltered beneath a suspicious pile of sticks.
Mum said Lucy probably wandered off on an adventure and got lost, and lots of animals did that, not just cats. But she hadnt been there. Lawrence had seen it all, so knew better.
Next day hed told Mr Davis, the biology teacher all about it. A kind, friendly man, doubling as the school councillor, he was always impressed by kids vivid imaginations. Mr Davis had been one of dads best friends. Lawrence remembered dad had always been very careful whom he called a friend, so thats why he trusted him. 
Mr Davis knew a very clever professor currently travelling in remote regions abroad, who proved very difficult to get in touch with. As soon as he could contact him, he promised to ask him exactly where this weird fungus could be found. That seemed to be the only clue so far. Until then they both kept hoping Lucy might turn up. 
That was nearly twelve months ago. Ever since Lawrence had tried his best to find out more. More about the lights, more about the burning, and more about the strange glowing fungus. 
Mum told him an awful lot of cats had been reported missing recently. When she mentioned where theyd disappeared from, Lawrence realised many were ones hed examined himself, before allowing them to return to their homes. Trying to find out why, how and who would take these cats occupied most of his time nowadays. Unfortunately neither he nor Mr Davis had any firm ideas just yet. 
Sometimes, late at night when the moon threw strange shadows across the lawn and a weird wind whistled through trees farther out, Lawrence swore he could hear Lucy mewing for him. Once he awoke all a flutter, thinking shed playfully jumped on his chest like old times. And once, throwing open the back door he caught a glimpse of a tiny black shadow flying across the grass. But it dissolved with the light, never to be seen again.

Chapter 2

Next morning, with the anniversary of Lucys disappearance almost here, Lawrence felt very happy to be called into the councillors office. Mr Davis pumped his hand vigorously. With a big smile he announced hed finally found where the mysterious fungus grew. In fact it was the only place known of in the entire county. Luckily it only was six miles away through the forest. Armed with a local map, that very afternoon Lawrence raced down there on his bike. Just in time he sensibly phoned mum to tell her where he was headed.
Finding the secretive place took far longer than he imagined. He had to abandon his bike half way as trees bunched together so thickly and grass grew so high there, it was almost as if the place didnt want to be found.
Lawrences face flushed bright red as he pushed through an army of very sticky brambles, unexpectedly tumbling into a clearing. Picking himself up he was amazed at the wondrous sight lying before him. A beautiful miniature cottage sat bathed in late orange sunlight. Wispy clouds of smoke swum amongst the thatched roof. Dotted between lush grass tiny, colourful plants grew in friendly little groups, surrounded by a small, gleaming white fence barely reaching his knees.
Lawrence was so surprised he simply stood and stared. Only the sharp heavy thud of wood splitting round the back broke the enchanting spell. Over the past year his reflexes had been honed to a fine point, so within seconds hed scrambled high up the nearest tree to safety. While his chest heaved up and down, Lawrence peered cautiously through the dense branches. 
He kept a firm grip as a young cat trotted down the cobbled garden path. Her sleek coat was speckled with black and white and the little strip of light fur running down her chest had grown with her, but it was her alright! Lawrence held the tree firmer still when the cat sat at the gate, looked right at him and meowed loudly. Yes, her voice had grown as well. Now it sounded lighter, like a real lady. 
Here Lucy, dinner! he cried, knowing she loved hearing those words. But Lucy just sat there gazing up at him with pleading eyes. 
Puzzled, Lawrence threw a little stick in her direction. Instantly a bright dome of energy sprang up round the fence, stopping the stick dead in mid air. It fell to the sound of crackling and burnt to cinders, covering the ground in a shower of fine black powder. At this disturbing discovery he threw a tiny metal ball from his key ring far to her right. This rebounded and shot past his face at a terrific speed, tearing a branch off awfully near his head.
Now things were getting even stranger Lawrence noticed ground beyond the cottage fence lay black and dying. Not a single sound of animal life could be heard for miles around. And the plants inside the fence were suddenly not half as colourful as he first imagined. Indeed, many were brown and wilting. Glowing yellow fungus sat growing fiercely between them. And those swirling wisps werent smoke, they were dark, twisted shadows whose evil red eyes glowed hatefully in his direction. Although they couldnt see him camouflaged in the tree, Lawrence felt they sensed him and didnt like his presence one bit.
One moment later a loud, vibrating din sprung from inside the cottage  the pitiful sound of unhappy cats wailing. Lawrence recognised many of their sad voices from his night work. Just then a beautiful young woman strolled out the front door. Her bright, golden hair lit the doorway up in a showering arc of healing light and her glowing smile caused tiny flowers to spring from the rich soil. 
Quite by accident Lawrence gasped out loud. In an instant her keen eyes had spotted him. Now the doorway grew black and the flowers turned to ash. In the blink of an eye the lady morphed into a hideous old crone, muttering strange words under her breath. Clicking her fingers made his feet slip off the branch, and he hit the ground with an awful thud. 
Lawrence lay there winded, unable to move or catch his breath while the wicked lady cackled insanely. As her laughter died down she mumbled, quickly drawing weird symbols in the cooling air that flashed and shone an eerie green. Unpleasant burning smells fizzed through the clearing as Lawrence struggled to his feet and staggered off through the woods. 
Cruel winds tore at his clothing, pushing him into trees whose branches slapped him viciously again and again. Lawrence ran faster and faster to outrun the insane laughter, falling over crashing logs and splashing through hidden ditches.
As soon as he cleared the woods the furious wind died down, but the hags screeching voice continued echoing through the treetops. It was only as he reached the first welcoming street signs he felt out of danger. As Lawrence crossed the busy main road many drivers looked closely at his scruffy appearance while he threaded between them.
Back at home Lawrence thought it time to tell mum and the police. Lucy had been stolen, so surely that was a crime worth investigating? Mum listened carefully, but didnt contact the police. Instead she phoned a retired detective who promised to check the place out. 
Two hours later he called at their house, sporting an enormous smile. Just as hed first thought - there was no cottage, no witch and no sign of a cat. He did find a very old set of moulding stones which may once have been a building, set amongst incredibly thick brambles and rotting undergrowth. He also discovered where Lawrence had fallen out of a high tree. No wonder the boy had come back telling such an odd tale.
The jolly man did remember his grandfather saying something about an old cottage hidden up there, except that was a long time ago. Far longer than hed care to remember. He doubted the place could have become so rundown in so short a time. Yes, the adventurous young lad had taken quite a fall, so it would be best if he stayed off school for a day or two.
Hearing the mans story it was understandable mum thought Lawrence had fainted and dreamt it all up. So she ordered him straight to bed, fussing over him for three days, till certain there was no lasting damage. 
Normally such unexpected spare time would give a clever young mind plenty of opportunity to plan their next move. However, much of Lawrences waking moments were taken up by well meaning relatives teasing him about the magical invisible cottage, saying hed read far too many fairy stories. And as he slept, nicer dreams were swept away by shadowy visions of the strange cottage, the even stranger evil old crone, her misty black servants and her terrible temper. But most of all Lawrence saw poor Lucy sitting there in the midst of it all, gazing out on the real world longingly.
The moment Saturday morning arrived mum let him leave his room and the brave boy ran back to the secret cottage. Sure enough, there it was glowing in the midday sun and as beautiful as ever. And at the gate there his friend Lucy sat waiting patiently for him. Lawrence didnt dare get close for more than a minute or two, spending the rest of the afternoon scouting the place out from afar, seeking a weak point. Yet the nasty, thieving crone never left the building, and apart from Lucys endearing meows the place lay quiet. Poor Lawrence couldnt do much but slip home for now. 

Chapter 3

All next week Lawrence daydreamed during lessons. This case was even tougher than hed ever thought possible. There seemed no way to stop the old witch. There were no records in the library about anyone ever living up there. Last mention of a witch in the area of Rooksbridge dated from 1692, a lady only spoken of in whispers as Brandice May. Peasants living nearby were said to be terrified of her and bowed to her every request. But that seemed more of a folk tale or legend and no actual facts could be found. 
However, if this was the same woman hed met, no wonder no one else could see her or the cottage due to her powerful magic. What had she been doing all these years? How long had she haunted the woods? Who could guess what she may do next? Surely she went out. Maybe he could sneak in and rescue Lucy then? But how would he defeat her force field? What was so special about Lucy? And just what was she doing with the rest of those poor cats? 
Lawrence shared these thoughts with an intrigued Mr Davis at break time. The teacher agreed the old crone sounded very like Brandice May. Witches were fiercely territorial as well, so he couldnt imagine another one moving into powerful Brandices domain. 
This clever man had recently read much about witches of old who used animals for many different purposes, learning cats were special. Above all animals cats were favoured by witches as they had talents many others did not. 
Cats are clever, fast runners and agile climbers. They see very well in the dark, can tolerate many weather conditions and are able to sneak into places unseen. A few rare ones are known to possess a touch of magic themselves. Because Lawrence used to be so close to Lucy, this could be why only he could see the witchs cottage.
Older, wiser witches valued cats highly as servants or familiars, using them to perform certain tasks. Most witches were good people, so gave cats the choice. However, a few nasty ones trapped and forced them to do their evil bidding. 
Hundreds of years ago information was often used as a form of currency, so evil witches would send cats out into the countryside to uncover villagers secrets to use for blackmail purposes. A sneaky witch with the right secrets for sale could very quickly find herself with sacks of gold and influence over powerful people few folk could dream of. Few history books will dare tell that acting under witches spells, cats have toppled mighty kings. 
Mr Davis told Lawrence to find the witchs source of power. Many people believed this to be a certain object special to them since they were very young, where they stored magical energy. Each witch had their personal favourites, but in this case he suspected it may be a cauldron, which probably helped create the evil shadows too. This could also explain why she guarded her home so fiercely. 
Traditionally folk used rare plants to ward off evil magic. However, these needed to be treated very carefully and grown under certain conditions to be effective, because many were poisonous. So perhaps the best way to spoil Brandices plans would be to take a little soil from consecrated ground and get it under her force field. It was probably best to ask the priest first, in case he saw Lawrence digging in church grounds and got the wrong idea.
Mr Davis said there will always be people who laugh at such creatures as witches, but there were still countless things in this world the cleverest among us cannot explain. So who could say for sure what may be fantasy and what is reality?
Lawrence remembered the moon was still only half full. Mr Davis agreed, saying the full moon was overdue by at least a week. This sounded very interesting as the moon was yet another source of magical energy.
So Lawrence had lots of plans to think over and knew hed have to change tactics to catch such a powerful witch off guard. Over the next few days Lawrence did just that. On the third day he had a breakthrough. Saturday would be Halloween, a time of great celebration for witches. The lure of the witches Sabbath and the need to socialise with those of her kind would be irresistible. Powerful magics were said to fill the air that night, some older than the mountains. Lawrence hoped just brushing through that magical atmosphere may help him in his dangerous quest. 

Chapter 4

Halloween night arrived and Lawrences plans were set. At eight pm exactly he scrambled into the clearing. The forest was as dark as pitch and lay deathly still. Not a single star dared sneak out and the moon hid nervously behind a cloud. 
Lawrence shinned up the same tree as last time, praying Brandice wouldnt think him brave or silly enough to use the same hiding place twice. Tonight he was very cleverly camouflaged and had even brushed his face with mud. His watch flashed eight thirty, yet the witch still hadnt left the cottage. Lawrences limbs started to stiffen up, while he worried she may not leave at all. At least there was no sign of those nasty shadows.
Suddenly a dull droning grew far off in the forest. The weird, unsettling noise crashed through the trees, swirled round the cottage three times and shot down the chimney. Then the garden lit up, the cottage door flew open and the evil witch strode down the path and out the gate. Bathed in strange yellow light, her face looked even uglier than before, and she was dressed from head to toe in a long black cape. A tall pointy hat sat proudly on her bulgy head, bearing a large purple symbol that glowed strangely in the darkness.
She raised her bony hand up high. Night sky cleared for a second, the moon wobbled and dulled and her face became brighter. Taking a large breath of night air, she snapped her fingers, transformed into eerie black mist and swirled round the trees cackling. Then she flew off deep into the woods, brushing the highest treetops and showering them with smouldering sparks.
Lawrence slid down the tree, pressing a stick carefully towards the gate. The protective dome activated, leaving the stick whole. Feeling braver, he pushed his hand into the soft light, almost touching the gate beyond. This wasnt good enough though. Lucy sneaked out the door and sat inches away, looking very proud of him. Lawrence could see other cats milling round inside, afraid to join her.
Lucy got up and sat back down at the back of the cottage. Lawrence watched her closely as her fur shone brightly. He realised she marked a place slightly darker than the rest, and perhaps shed been sneakily weakening it all this time. In his pocket the tiny bag of church soil started to warm. This seemed his only chance. Holding it out in front he lined up, took a long run up, quickly hitting full speed. Just before he hit the shimmering dome he felt a whoosh of warm energy build up behind. In a blurring flash he broke through the yellow light, colliding heavily with the cottage wall.
There was no time to waste because the witch may have left some sort of alarm, so ignoring the pain Lawrence ran straight into the front room. Dozens of cats sat there purring with excitement at his presence. Just as hed thought, he recognised most of them. 
The floor and shelves were filled with black potions, magical books and secret messages addressed to Brandice May. Most were from evil witches asking for advice on creating new spells, or looking for interesting ways to terrorize villagers. Each one she replied to would have to send her tributes of power. There were so many of these notes that Brandice must be a very powerful witch indeed by now.
In the tiny kitchen an enormous black cauldron hung over a roaring fire. Red hot liquid inside bubbled and hissed. As the stinking mixture folded over and over, huge dollops of thick yellow slime swam to the surface, spitting out clouds of choking black smoke. 
Lawrences eyes stung, his ears rang and he forgot where he was for a few minutes. In the confusion he nearly ended up in the cauldron after bouncing off a wall. The moment his eyes cleared he reached for his bag of soil, quickly pouring some in the mix. 
Then the evil black shadows appeared. Some had been hiding in the roof and in the cauldron itself. Seeing Lawrence was trying to damage the cauldron they swarmed round, buffeting him from all sides. Many moaned, making terrible smells. One let out a piercing wail that pounded his ears. Despite their stinging attack Lawrence knew they were too late and threw the bag inside the cauldron.
Brandices dome outside flashed a brilliant blue, blowing up in plumes of smoke. Meanwhile a powerful hum built in the cauldron, which thrashed around wildly. Lucy meowed loudly and sprang out the front door. Other cats filed out after her, waiting at the gate to make sure Lawrence made it out safely. 
All watched from a safe distance as the cottage bulged out dangerously at one side. Tiny red specks flashed out through the roof, shooting off into the forest with a wailing sound. Through the open door all could see the cauldron glowing bright red. It spun up in the air with a mighty whoosh, exploding outwards in a shower of bright, colourful sparks.
Night closed in, and for the next minute all became black and still. Then a nightingale sang a warming tune from up high to the sound of animals waking in the bushes. The pale moon proudly lit a circle of moulding stone covered by thick brambles and Lawrence gasped in triumph.
Lets go everyone, were safe now, Lawrence said, leading the way. 
At nine thirty a tired young boy shuffled down a deserted street, followed by a large troop of cats. Lucy walked proudly at their head. It was quite a striking sight. Mr Davis, who was driving his wife home stopped to lend a hand, offering to take some to their owners. 
Well done Lawrence, excellent work, he beamed, Its adventures like yours that make me want to be a kid again!
Back in the woods the smell of a gigantic bonfire and sounds of haunting music drifted over the deserted clearing. Air shifted, swirling this way and that as a misty darkness whirled around the brushwood, whipping up a growing storm of soil and rotting ferns. Only the forest heard the deafening scream of disappointment before it faded to nothing.
At home mum couldnt quite believe all the details of Lawrences story, but felt proud that hed finally found Lucy and hadnt given up on a friend. She looked forward to going out on long walks with them both like they used to. And she laughed as the adorable cat played fetch, knowing Lucy was very kind and probably only did so to amuse them.
Last night Lucy was visited by a very polite gentleman caller, a friendly blue Persian named Caspar. Tonight, under the soothing light of the new moon she purred happily from her basket as Lawrence set to work changing his lab back to a playroom for them all.

Chapter 5

One week passed. The clock struck eight pm. Mr Davis decided to have a rest from marking books and glanced across the dark schoolyard in dismay. The weather vane had disappeared from the sports hall roof. He shook his head sadly. What would someone want with it? Teenagers high jinks were getting worse nowadays. 
Mindless thefts werent the only thing worrying Mr Davis lately. Spring should have been here by now, bringing the friendly sun along with her, yet it was raining again for the seventh day in a row. England had always been a wet country, but this was ridiculous. 
In response rain fell harder and harder till it seemed to attack the groaning earth. Huge clouds of wet mud rose up, splattering the building, almost reaching higher windows. Soon the place may flood. Drains couldnt cope and his school couldnt afford to repair them.
Lost in such thoughts, Mr Davis jumped in surprise as the door burst open. Lawrence stood there swaying. His face was pale and sweaty. The breathless boy breathed heavily, holding his chest. Now they were out of danger Lucy sat down in the corner.
Are you alright Lawrence? Mr Davis said, screwing his eyes up in concern. 
Lawrence didnt look well at all. His clothes were soaked through and thick with mud. His clenched fist held a scruffy piece of paper tightly. Finally he spluttered, Shes back! and leant heavily against the wall. 
Good Lord, Brandice May! What does she want Lawrence?
Revenge! he cried, collapsing on the floor.
Mr Davis helped him to the nearest seat, making sure he took long, deep breaths. Another few minutes passed before Lawrence made a little more sense.
Look, its all here, shes brought two friends! he said earnestly, dropping a crinkled note on the floor. Mr Davis examined it carefully. There was nothing useful there - all the ink had smudged together. He clenched his teeth in frustration. Lawrence soon recovered. He slowly told snippets of his story, though rather strangely couldnt remember much useful about the note. Mr Davis listened carefully, cleverly piecing it all together.
Lucy and Lawrence had been walking in fields near the woods after school. Lawrence had been amusing himself by throwing rocks into a smelly pond, something young boys like to do from time to time. Lucy didnt approve as she disliked water, so she snuck up a tree to see if any of her friends were near. 
Lawrence laughed loudly, hearing a heavy rock sink with a loud squelching plop. Lucy hissed angrily. Instantly the sky grew black. Then it started to rain heavily. Soon it became hard enough to sting through Lawrences thick hair and make him itch. Menacing droning filled the air, followed closely by a mighty whirlwind of black that swirled across the water and stopped right in front of him. A shiny metal pipe dropped out of it into the pond, sinking forever. 
In a blinding, confusing flash the wicked witch of old Brandice May herself stood before him. On either side of her floated two evil friends, peering closely at him scornfully. One was tall and thin, the other short and fat. It was hard to say who looked the ugliest, or who hated him more. 
Brandices eyes grew to an enormous size, bulging outwards as she stared deep into his. Lawrence felt unable to move, whilst the evil old witch mocked him without speaking. Lawrence heard her twisted thoughts inside his mind, and there were an awful lot of them. In that short time he caught tiny glimpses of her evil plans, which hed now forgotten. 
Brandice laughed and grabbed his shoulder, knowing he was powerless to stop her. Lawrence felt weak and faint. Lucy sprung from the tree, knocking the witchs hat off into the muddy pond. Brandice swiped viciously at her, screaming in frustration when she missed. Lucys hair stood on end and glowed brightly. Just then a small metal cross dropped from the tall witchs cloak along with a note. Lucy managed to snag the paper on her claw without anyone noticing.
Time to make amends! Brandice screeched at Lawrence. Her eyes shone fiercely like fiery hot coals. 
We havent time...yet Brandice, her friends said mysteriously. All three cackled insanely, casting powerful spells across the water in a show of force. Three wide sections of the pond parted right down to the bottom, creating gigantic waves that crashed against the shore. 
While the witches were distracted by their own powers, Lawrence picked Lucy up and escaped as quickly as he could. It wasnt easy trying to run when his legs felt like ice. He seemed to be floating above ground at one point. Only healing warmth flowing from Lucys glowing fur kept him going. Just outside the village he found the note under Lucys collar, but had forgotten the weird drawings scrawled on it. That must have been Brandices doing. This was all Lawrence could remember so far.
Interesting, Mr Davis said. His eyes sparkled at the news. This cant be a coincidence Lawrence. Within the last few hours someone stole the weather vane from the school roof. The old cross from the town hall was taken only last night.
Very strange. What were they made of, were they expensive? Lawrence asked.
Iron. But no, they wouldnt be worth much. One would have to steal an awful lot of them to make any money. Besides, where would witches sell it? 
Thats it! Lawrence cried, feeling a little better, Theyre collecting metal, and not just any kind - The older the better. That explains why they stole the old cross and rejected the new metal bar into the pond.
Nice thinking, it certainly sounds like it. Witches have some very strange habits which can turn into obsessions. Collecting objects and bearing grudges for people who oppose them are only two of them, Mr Davis explained. But its a big shame we dont know what was in that note as we dont know exactly what theyre planning.
I know, its very frustrating, Lawrence agreed, shaking his head wearily.
Mr Davis said three witches or more who combine forces are known as a coven and become much more powerful. Therefore Lawrence should make sure to place a horseshoe above the door at home to ward off any unwelcome visitors. In the meantime both of them should read up on how to protect themselves from evil magic. 
Mum arrived to pick Lawrence up. On the way home she said he would have to stop running round the countryside on adventures before he got hurt. Lawrence promised he would as soon as he felt no one was in danger. 
Down in his cellar Lawrence built his big white drawing board back up. Before he went to bed mum helped him move a large foldable table back into the centre of the room. This place would have to become an evidence room once again. Work on changing it to Lucys playroom would have to wait for now.
At home Lucy tried to settle down for the night, but couldnt quite manage it. Her mind remained restless and filled with the days strange events. As midnight struck she thought she saw a strange shape looming near the back door. Springing up stairs to make sure her friends were safe she watched closely from Lawrences bedroom windowsill. Even though the moon cast his wandering beams way over the hills tonight, the forest looked quiet and peaceful. Only the treetops swayed gently, like they swung in time to a silent tune, yet something still didnt feel quite right. In shifting shadows at the bottom of the garden tiny droplets of rain moved slowly against the wind. This was very strange.
As the water crept closer Lucy arched her back, hearing Lawrence murmur in his sleep. One moment later the showers had reached the back door and sprung back in a white flash. Down the lawn they reformed again into weird shapes, then melted into the trees. Lawrence had remembered the kind mans advice and kept the family safe. Lucy felt lucky to have a friend like him.

Chapter 6

Like all good investigators, next day Lawrence tried to think of how to uncover the covens plans. This was very important because three evil witches roaming the countryside at will were three too many. Sensible Mr Davis had said fighting them unarmed and with little knowledge of their powers was very dangerous. That was why he asked Lawrence to tell him before making any moves. 
That afternoon Lawrence asked Lucy a few questions out loud. He often did this because it helped him think. Where might the coven hide? What were they doing with all the old metal? This he needed to know before he attempted to stop them. Then there was Brandice Mays grudge she held against him for destroying her home to think about. The evil old crone had a terrible temper, so who knows what nasty surprise she had planned? Lucy listened closely, understanding him perfectly. Unfortunately she couldnt answer in his language, so was unable to tell her clever ideas.
Later that night, just before nine Lawrence delivered a gift to mums friend. On the way back it grew quite dark. When he reached the old deserted churchyard it was still raining. Many red lights flickered round the steeple, seeming to pass through the large iron cross perched on top. Suddenly it vanished with a weird grinding noise. The lights disappeared, leaving only a trickle of water sliding down the slimy gutter. Seconds later tiny patches of rain floated off across the roof. 
Lawrence heard witches voices whispering which got louder and louder, so instead of investigating he started running. The coven must be getting braver by venturing near the village. That wasnt a good sign. Perhaps the time left to find their plans out was far shorter than first thought.
By twelve pm the family were in bed asleep. Lawrence and his mum hadnt realised quite how lucky they were when they chose Lucy as a pet. Lucy was one of those very rare animals - a very special and clever cat who understood far more than most people thought possible. Each night as she watched over Lawrence and his mum, she thought hard how she could repay them for their kindness. It didnt take her long to form a cunning plan.
That very night Lucy decided since Lawrence was her best friend and had spent so much time and effort rescuing her, this time it was her duty to help him. She knew most kids his age would have given up looking for her long ago. Yes, it was time to turn one of the evil witches nasty habits against them by spying on them for a change. Brandice and friends would probably be so involved in their evil scheme theyd never suspect it. 
So as soon as Lawrence dropped off to sleep Lucy slipped out the window, crawled along the gutter and jumped into the nearest tree. There she spied on the strange water creatures that had waited in shadows at the bottom of the garden every night that week. Judging by the terrible smell wafting up from there, Lucy knew the black spirits were getting angrier and more impatient all the time. Before long a horseshoe alone wouldnt be able to stop them. No other animals dared stir where such evil lingered, so at least none would accidentally give away her presence. 
Very early in the morning when the moon turned his back Lucy saw them melt away, leaving the forest still black and fearful. Following tiny patches of water giving off a gleaming red haze and foul stenches meant she didnt have to stay too close. These signs were just one of many cats could see and humans couldnt.
The covens evil servants mustnt have been clever enough to know they could be followed, because they didnt make much effort to disguise their tracks. Lucy tracked them all night as they meandered over the countryside causing trouble. 
Many pets were worried sick by their unnerving presence. White mice curled up in tight little balls. Parrots twirled round and round, talking gibberish. Enormous guard dogs whimpered and hid in kennels. And at a bleak farmhouse hidden behind a whistling crag, barn owls headed for the highest trees, nervously plunging their heads deep beneath their wings. 
Curiously arranged piles of sticks were left at each property. By this time the silent spy knew the sly creatures were checking out addresses, probably for future thefts. 
Sometime later when the sky darkened further and the twisting forest path turned to thick black sludge, Lucy found herself far from home. At a small gurgling stream the smelly trail dissolved. Telltale glowing specks of red blinked out one by one, leaving a dark, brooding emptiness. 
A bright star flew overhead, highlighting a small waterfall flowing between trees leaning over a rocky cliff. It sounded very peaceful. Right in the middle sat a flat rock peering over the edge warily. Lucy caught a tiny trail of red smoke floating out the top and sneaking away over the trees. Eyes not as young and sharp would have easily missed it. Aha! So thats where theyd gone.
Lucy took a deep breath and raced through the waterfall. Like most cats she disliked water, so was relieved to find she hardly got wet at all. Luckily her warming fur soon dried her up. Screeching voices drifted down the stone corridor ahead. Lucy cleverly sprang high up into the many small tunnels hidden among the rocks. It was like a rabbit warren up there. 
In one damp with slime the stinking red markers continued, so she eagerly followed their trail. After many twists and turns the tunnel ended high above a gigantic cave. Sharp rocks clung to the sides and glowing wet moss lined the floor. From the jagged roof weird coloured water dripped from points as thin as pencils, falling into a shimmering pool far below. Glints of metal flashed up from the bottom, showing red eyes glowing like rubys floating about lazily just below the surface. 
Round the outside of the cave floor a channel had been cut from the rock. This allowed the strange liquid to swirl round in a big circle and back into the deep pool. The hot, steamy mixture bubbled, showing many more flashes of red forming through the hissing steam. These were water creatures relaxing. There were an awful lot of them.
Streaks of green lightning struck the water. Behind the pool three witches strode through solid rock. Instantly the tiny water creatures sprung to life and stood to attention, which was a very weird sight. 
Enough, foolish imps! It isnt time, Brandice stormed, snapping her fingers. A flash fire sped round the water, forcing them against the wall to a piercing wail. Her two ugly friends giggled at her vulgar display of power. 
One thing Lucy knew about witches was when they were among their own kind they loved to talk. What they loved even more was to boast of horrible deeds past and plan future ones even more ghastly. This deadly coven was exactly like that, making Lucys job very easy. The clever cat sat and listened as they talked of older times centuries ago when evil witches were far more common and feared by all.
Brandices friends were named Gretchen Moll and Sally Sourbridge. Gretchen stood tall and thin, boasting a long, pointy nose. Most of her teeth were rotten or missing, so she dripped corrosive saliva everywhere when she spoke. Miss Moll, as she liked to call herself, was an expert in manipulating air into other forms. Creating invisible creatures this way was her speciality. 
Drinking far too much witches brew and popping out of trees late at night pretending to be a ghostly screaming skull made her very happy indeed. Long ago one old man had been so terrified he jumped into a steaming pile of manure to escape. The poor fellow had terrible nightmares for months afterwards and never dared go out at night again.
Sally, the short fat witchs bulging stomach rumbled constantly like a roaring truck. The deep booming echoes whooshed round the cavern, shooting through the tunnels. At one point Lucy feared the roof may collapse as thick dust crumbled all around. Sally could dive deep beneath water for many hours, using life around her to stay alive. She thought it pointless to walk anywhere if she could swim or fly. 
In the olden days Sallys nasty hobby had been stealing peasants food. Delicious treats such as honey and sweet mince pies were her firm favourites. This must have been how she got so fat. It didnt bother her in the slightest that the unfortunate villagers were so poor they could only afford luxuries once a year. Sally loved replacing food with piles of mud or cow dung laced with broken stone, then casting spells over them so the food looked exactly the same. Sally proudly boasted shed never made a meal for centuries, and how easy it was to fool stupid humans. 
Brandice May laughed wildly at their cruel tales, coughing up clouds of purple smoke after every sentence. Apparently this was due to an unpleasant habit of eating servants or spells that displeased her. Not only did it give her terrible indigestion, it was also very strange. Brandices power lay mainly with the land. After centuries of practice she could create small earthquakes at will.
From the early 17th century Brandice had been High Witch of Somerset for a thousand Sabbaths. This was mainly because her offensive and defensive spells were so powerful. During this time no human and few other witches dared oppose her. Small wonder this earned her a particularly bad reputation and a secret moonlight meeting with the Grand Witch of all England, Hazel Brandleborn herself. Rumours of what Brandice had been promised for this achievement were spoke of only in cautious whispers. Older witches respected Brandice for her cunning, younger ones feared her for her temper. 
And these were just some of the nicer things these three heartless creatures had done over the centuries. All had created some terrible spells in the past, such as giving innocent folk nasty diseases or making them fall off high buildings. Lucy knew the more evil acts a witch commits the uglier she gets, so wasnt surprised the coven looked the way they did.
Last Sabbath, under the influence of powerful witches brew, the three took a sacred oath that bound them together for eternity. All were powerful by themselves, but together their magical spells took on interesting new twists. For instance, they could form a mighty whirlwind that crossed land and water in the blink of an eye. They could also jump from the highest mountain and float on the wind high above the clouds. And now even the deepest and most treacherous sea held no fear for them.
Today the coven possessed the power to create grand illusions that very few humans could see through. Powers like these also made the number of items they could carry almost unlimited. Their recent magical bonding also gave them power over three natural elements: Earth, water and air. That night the three proudly named themselves The Rooksbridge Coven because of where they were born.
Feeling very happy and excited at their idle chat, the coven eagerly crowded round a large slab of rock that rose from the floor at Brandices command. Detailed maps of the district had been etched onto the smooth stone. An eerie green light lit it up from below. From notes on there it became obvious their latest horrible scheme had been planned for a long time.
Lucy crept as close as she possibly could, almost being discovered by an imp. The inquisitive cat needed to learn everything possible, so it was worth taking the risk. The Rooksbridge Coven raised their bony hands high in the smoky air. 
Soon all this will be ours! Brandice screeched loudly in smelly puffs of purple. 
All will be as it should be! agreed Gretchen, slavering into the water.
Humans will worship us once more, or all will suffer! predicted Sally, rubbing her massive belly. 
On earth we will be as Gods! the coven screamed together. The cavern rumbled, shaking violently as a mighty earthquake rippled far below. Brandices evil water servants were tossed everywhere. Many ended up dripping down the walls, leaving strange patterns on the rock. The witches just laughed loudly and made sure each member understood their part in the ghastly scheme perfectly. Tonight would be the tenth time theyd discussed it.
Listening carefully Lucy learnt many races round the world believed the living earth still held immense natural power. This force could be used for either good or bad. Since ancient times this part of Southern England had been famous for places rumoured to contain wells of magic, said to tap into the great natural energy of the earth. 
If a person followed an ancient road it was said they would often lead to one of those special places. English folk named these invisible guide tracks ley lines, Irish swore they were fairy paths and Chinese people called them dragon lines. 
Near smaller wells sometimes all folks experienced was their hair standing on end. Others felt a little confused and dizzy. Certain rare people felt ideas flow through them as their brain became charged with creative energy. Where many magical lines crossed one usually found a concentrated place of energy lay. 
These areas were marked by ancient people blessed with magical knowledge by building a group of standing stones on top known as henges. Some were covered by buildings above such as wells, castles, churches or crossroads. The covens magical map highlighted a large triangle marked in red. Each point of the triangle represented a major place of power since ancient times. None had been used since then, making them all the more attractive.
So, on the night of midsummers eve Gretchen would fly to a magic well atop a man made hill known as a mound or long barrow. Sally would swim to the second lost centuries ago to modern man beneath deep Blagdon Lake, and Brandice May would stay near the waterfall, directing power from another that hovered above the trees. This was rumoured to be the most powerful one in the district. Because it lay both above and below water meant it was an excellent conductor of power. Brandice decided to handle that one herself as it was unstable and moved erratically at different times, especially at night. Some say it was to hide from the curious moon who sought to limit its great power. 
When the magical triangle was complete and had been strengthened by the ancient power released from the melted iron, the coven could change the atmosphere of the air at will. Those evil witches planned to change the weather so every day was rainy and miserable. If people wanted to feel warming sunshine theyd have to pay! Now was time for a return to the good old days when witches were feared and people brought them tribute!
Lucy shivered at their words. The covens plans were both clever and terrible. Shed never known creatures so wicked. This devious plot would also make them heroes amongst their fellow witches, whod offer help and power in respect. That wasnt a pleasant thought.
Lucy sat thinking. Everything slipped into place. These witches already controlled the weather over a small area, probably as practice. That was why the past few weeks had been so wet and gloomy. But this magic couldnt last for much longer unless their sly plan succeeded. 
Lucy learnt the earths natural power seeped into many metals that lay deep below the earth. Once this metal had been separated from the ground, it could be used as magical fuel for spells. Luckily not many people knew how to do this. Unfortunately these evil witches certainly did. 
So, much like the cauldron in Brandices cottage, the witches combined the energy of magically melted iron to line the bottom of their pool, and the raw power dripping down naturally from above to create the weird water servants. 
Just like the strange shadow creatures from Brandices cauldron, these new creations were evil spirits the witches had called from other dimensions and captured. They had no choice than to follow the covens commands. Lawrence had greatly angered Brandice by destroying her precious home, so she had special plans for him. 
Meanwhile, the group busied themselves marking out their new territory, swearing to fiercely protect it. This was all very serious - she had to warn Lawrence straight away!
Lucy scrambled back through the tunnels, not caring as much about making noise. In the clearing she passed a young water creature feeding on warm waste trickling into the stream. It barely noticed the sleek black blur speeding amongst the ferns. An older one did, but left it far too late to track her through the shadowy trees.
Despite her great speed, when Lucy got back home it was 6.30 am and the suns first golden rays crept over the horizon. Yet the atmosphere was still tinged by growing drizzle that swept the sky. Wasting no time Lucy whispered all shed seen in Lawrences ear as he slept. Being such a special cat her words turned to pictures, and the pictures into a flowing story, till Lawrence felt as if hed experienced it all himself. So when he awoke a few minutes later, he jumped out of bed, telling her all about the amazing dream. It had been so realistic he could smell and hear everything! Brandices breath really did stink! Lawrence was so excited he didnt notice his friends dirty fur. 
Normally Lucy would have listened very politely, but felt very tired after her nights travel, so just purred sleepily from her basket. One minute later she curled up comfortably and fell fast asleep to the sound of his excited voice.
In her restless dreams Lucy heard Caspar calling her off on a hunt. The proud old man was one of very few cats left in the world as special as her. In brighter days long ago when folk still believed in magic, thered been more. But as our modern world gradually took over, most left to live on other planets only reachable through the ancient realm of dream. 
That was one of many reasons she agreed to marry him in a beautiful ceremony under the magical oak tree. Everything had been planned carefully. All her new friends promised to be there. But all that would have to wait for now. She needed to save every ounce of energy to spoil the covens plans for good.

Chapter 7

The school bell had only just rung when Lawrence burst into Mr Davis office, blurting out all that had happened. The teacher felt so intrigued he put an old manuscript hed been reading to one side. Mr Davis said it was very strange that Lawrence should know all this valuable information, but agreed it was far more important to form a plan just then. 
That witches spell must be very powerful to cover the entire district. Yes, it was both wicked and clever  as who wants to spend a lifetime living under perpetual rain? Not to mention the chaos, injuries and money needed to combat flooding. This was very serious indeed. Theyd have to work fast, using all tools at their disposal. Mr Davis guessed the coven were probably using those nasty imps to steal iron from churches as they were far too evil themselves to cross consecrated ground.
I made a list of spots theyve hit so far Lawrence. I think I can predict where they may strike next. Its out the way and very old, Mr Davis said, pointing out a small, crumbling church far to the west on his map.
No, Lawrence said thoughtfully, Theres a far easier target right here in the village, the large statue in our square. That would cover their scheme with a little to spare, seeing as theyre almost complete. I think we should try to stop them taking it. Maybe even poison it in some way as well in case they succeed? We could make an invisible mix of holy water, holly and fennel leaves. These are all known to ward off evil spirits. 
Excellent thinking. Ill coat it in a special mixture later tonight. Folk may wonder what Im up to, though I suppose itll give them something to talk about! Still, lets hope it helps. Your dad would have been very proud of you Lawrence. He always liked people who did jobs properly after thinking it through first. Taking pride in their work he said.
Thanks Mr Davis. I hope I can do my best for us all.
Mr Davis reminded Lawrence Midsummers Eve or the Summer Solstice was almost as important to witches as their Black Sabbath. On that special night earths natural power would build to a peak right up to midnight. After that it would weaken quickly, and be reabsorbed into the earth to begin the cycle again, ready to help in the changing of the seasons. Today was the 18th of June. The summer solstice was the 21st and the longest day of the year. That left less than three days to plan! 
Mr Davis assured Lawrence they would do all they could to be ready by then  the district was counting on it. Like most heroes theyd have to keep the story to themselves if they were victorious, as who would believe their tale? Just the satisfaction gained from unselfishly standing up for the greater good would prove enough.
Lawrence slipped off back to class, leaving the helpful teacher with an awful lot to think about. Mr Davis did just that for quite a while. Before his next class started he looked over an old manuscript again. Dated hundreds of years ago, it listed many spells along with exotic ingredients needed to make them. It hinted at far greater powers hidden in natural metals, seeming certain that older metals held the best magical properties. These spells were said to work even better if melted magically from the same batch. 
Right at the bottom of the list one spell was said to have the power to change the world as humans understood it. Mr Davis shivered at the chilling description. Surely that could never happen? He felt glad he hadnt mentioned this to Lawrence, as he couldnt be sure yet. Besides, there was enough to think about for now. 
For the next three days it rained constantly. The entire village seemed fed up at the depressing atmosphere. On midsummers eve morning mum told Lawrence the large, heavy statue in the village square had been taken in the early hours. How someone had dug it up without anyone hearing anything was a big mystery to her. 
At lunch time Lawrence and Mr Davis met to settle their big plan for that night. Mr Davis admitted Sally would have to be left to do as she wished, because the magic well under deep Blagdon Lake simply wasnt possible to check. Therefore he and his wife would travel to the lonely barrow known as Brent Knoll and attempt to distract Gretchen, while Lawrence sneaked into the secret waterfall. Having an army of servants, Brandice may not put up a protective barrier. She probably needed all her power for such an impressive spell anyway. 
If Lawrence failed to sneak in, her rage at his attempt to poison her second plan may be enough to put her off and break the magical triangle for long enough. There was just the question of how Lawrence would protect himself if her powers werent weakened enough. That was pretty important after all.
By that time Mr Davis should have gotten near enough to Gretchen to divert her attention. He hoped bright lights and persuading kind Druids from a nearby healing ceremony to hike up there would be enough. If any one of the witches lost concentration for long enough, the great power flowing through them all could backfire and turn against them. Even the mighty Rooksbridge coven would be in big trouble then.

Chapter 8

At eight pm Lawrence and Lucy passed the old oak tree where she often met her friends. It was always so beautiful and peaceful there. The friendly sun loved to play in the colourful field, attracting so many curious animals with no fear of humans. Once when Lucy was very small, she fell asleep on his lap. Not wishing to wake her, hed rested against the soft trunk for a while and drifted off too. Under the warming sun hed enjoyed such a happy dream of brave young cats, tiny lights dancing in the air and strange creatures flying between magical moons far away. 
Lawrence let out a big sigh, hoping for those days again, petted Lucy for luck and plunged into the dark woods. Sometime later he looked round to see shed disappeared. Perhaps that was for the best. He never wanted her to be in any danger anyway, but shed insisted on following him tonight. Rain fell once again, following him closely and bouncing off the treetops.
Meanwhile Lucy sat at the foot of the oak tree and yowled. It was very loud for such a small cat and echoed far across the valley. Then she lay down, waiting patiently. Sunlight faded and Lucy blended in with the trunk. In nearby woods ferns rustled restlessly, grass swayed, and branches bent high up. All thought as one now, and all advanced silently on the old oak like a mighty cloud. There must have been a hundred of them.
Furry new arrivals silently surrounded the young cat in a big circle. Lucy stood in the middle, quickly telling all. While speaking in the ancient language of cats, her fur became tinged with a deep warming yellow. Circles of golden mist spun outwards from her, covering all gathered. Their eyes now blazed with the magical power of their ancestors who once hunted souls of evil witches on other worlds. Very soon the large group were eagerly following Lawrences scent through creeping darkness. 
Eventually Lawrence found the beautiful waterfall. Although it was still drizzling, all looked peaceful and quiet - exactly like the dream! Lawrence sneaked forward, using banks of the stream for cover, only to be hit by wave after wave of water creatures bursting over his face. Many smashed heavily against his legs, knocking him to the ground. Soon he was covered in sticky mud up to his knees, while dirty water rose quickly. Another set hit him, then another, till he could hardly breathe. These foul things werent going to let him get back up!
Suddenly the top of the waterfall blacked out. Next moment it became covered by a wide, shimmering curtain of thick mist. Just then Lucy sprung through the trees behind Lawrence with a confident yowl. Seeing her army pour into the clearing was such a wonderful sight. Soon all Lawrence heard was spitting of angry water spirits and yowls of angrier cats jumping amongst each other. Such confusion allowed him to climb out the mud and rush headlong through the waterfall. 
A long, slippery passage led directly to the main chamber where a thick, powerful beam of silver plunged deep into the churning magical pool. Deafening humming of building power filled the cavern with a whirling, whirring, lighting the water with brightly burning colours. This foul smelling mixture swirled round the cavern sides faster and faster, blurring Lawrences vision till he thought he may faint. Each time the liquid completed a circle it grew thicker. Soon it rose so high it threatened to flood the floor. Next to the pool sat the metal statue stolen from the village. Lawrence had guessed right  the coven had left it as back up.
Atop the waterfall outside, mist thinned. Brandice could be seen floating in mid air, holding a long carved staff up high. Her whole body shook with the great power flooding through and her eyes bulged bright red. Her tall hat and loose sleeves caught alight with silvery flames. Rather weirdly her robes didnt burn away. Such pain must have been terrible, but she didnt show any trace of it. Nor did she seem to see the wild commotion going on below. All her concentration remained on holding the staff correctly at the right height.
Lawrence approached the pulsing beam as close as he dared. Hed never realised it would be as powerful as this. Loud hums slowly pushed him back, vibrating through the walls. Such a weird murmuring, whispering rose from the centre, which he couldnt understand. It sounded like very old English talking very slowly, like a record being played at the wrong speed. Maybe it was the earths voice? Perhaps she didnt like being used in this way?
At the second magic well Sally tried her best to hold her position under the deep lake. Fresh plants growing on the lake bed had curled up and turned brown. Dead fish floated all around in the boiling water. Great power shooting through there made her even more bloated. Now the crazy witch looked like a baby whale. Only her darkest magic prevented her from shooting to the surface with a mighty splash. 
And at the last well Mr Davis couldnt get anywhere near Gretchen, because driving rain had caused a massive landslide over the tiny road. Standing on the highest part of another hill he saw a glowing mist rolling round the top of the magic mound, faster and faster. As his watch ticked past nine wild screams of triumph sailed on the wind, making him feel frustrated and useless. Hanging his head sadly, he prayed Lawrence would have better luck and headed back home.
In the cave Lawrence had been left with a simple choice. None of the items brought with him made any difference to the growing magical beam. Not the silver talisman borrowed from his kindly gran, nor the collection of herbs and meditation scrolls to ward off evil gathered from the local Wicca shop.
Yet strangely, his hands now shone bright gold under the weird silver light, giving him an idea. Lawrence shoved the statue as hard as he could into the pool. Instantly the beam broke into three, bouncing off rocks and flying about in circles. It lashed about dangerously, tearing large holes in the cavern. Piercing screeches of pain and anger shot through the cavern. Walls shook dangerously, breaking large deadly rocks off above.
Brandice lost focus and swooped down through the waterfall to confront Lawrence. Floating in the air with her cloak still on fire and her face shooting out blazing bolts of silver, she looked truly terrifying.
Back my sisters! she screeched, Defend our chamber!
Lawrence suddenly felt so weak he ran straight into some fallen stones. His acrobatics were no help this time. As he struggled to his feet Brandices friends returned, trapping him in the corner. Both witches appeared very confused and unsure of their surroundings. Gretchen seemed weakest and ready to collapse. Sally was puffing hard and her bloated body reddened further, threatening to explode. From her bizarre movements it looked like she thought she was still underwater.
Suddenly Brandice shook violently, sinking to her knees. In an instant Gretchen and Sally lay still beside her. 
You... you win, Brandice croaked weakly in defeat, Ill leave, youll never see me again. Lawrence didnt see that her fingertips still glowed brightly. Way off in the distance the village clock struck ten. When Lawrence turned back the witches were gone and the cave looked just like any other. Swirling dust, animal tracks and lots of spindly spiders webs filled it from top to bottom. The sparkling stream ran past his feet clean and clear, gurgling a warming tune.
Lawrence ran back outside, finding the water creatures had disappeared, along with the Rooksbridge coven. Lucys army of cats were strutting round the clearing, congratulating each other with contented purrs. It seemed Lucy had forgotten her dislike of water just this once, because she joined in the fun by leaping into the stream. Rain stopped and the countryside became peaceful again, allowing smells of wild garlic and wet lavender to float from the hills. 
Phew, the evil experiment was over, it was time to go home. Mum would be worried sick.
Lawrence wasnt quite sure exactly what had happened. Lucy knew a lot more than him about the situation this time, and had saved the day in a number of ways. She certainly was a very special cat. There would have to be a big reward for her and her loyal friends. 
When Lawrence and Lucy arrived back at the old oak tree Mr Davis and his wife were walking towards him. Both were soaked through and looked very worried. 
Thank the lord! Mrs Davis exclaimed, If either of you had been hurt, I dont know what wed have said to your mother. 
Id never have forgiven myself, Mr Davis nodded, smiling with relief. Now the rain had finally stopped they all sat down for a bit to catch their breath. Under the welcoming oak tree it actually felt quite warm for once. The two adults listened excitedly as Lawrence told them everything. When his story drew to an end Mr Davis became quieter and quieter. He jumped to his feet. His hands trembled and sweat poured down his paling face. 
Lawrence, this is terrible! Its a trick, an illusion! We must go back and destroy everything properly like last time. Brandice is still there - Shes alive! Now her friends are no more theres only one thing she can do to mend it all. An evil witch like her is angry and insane enough to do it as well. Her weather spell was only the beginning. The rest - thats what was on the note. No wonder she made you forget it. Why didnt I work this out earlier? Lawrence you were right, it was revenge, pure and simple!
Lawrence realised hed made a big mistake. Earths power wasnt evil, it was neutral. Therefore it could be used for good or bad. That was why his lucky talismans had no effect.
What shall we do? Lawrence asked, feeling very worried again. Many of Lucys friends appeared from the undergrowth to wish her goodnight and arrange to meet for her wedding next week. None of them could help much now as they were just ordinary cats again. Mr Davis still hadnt answered because he and his wife were staring in front of them in disbelief at a massive black whirlwind spinning over the trees. Lawrence sprung to his feet, grabbing Lucy protectively. The strange mist swirled round the oak and dragged them both through the air, high into the clouds.
In less than a second the mist cleared and the two friends found themselves back in the witches cave. Everything had changed back to exactly the same as before the fight earlier, so the smelly magical pool still bubbled away.
Gretchen and Sally still lay near, motionless. Brandice rose to her feet, glowering evilly in triumph. Hundreds of imps poured out the water to surround them. Lucy looked for an escape route in vain. Most of the rock wall here was flat, so there was nowhere for either of them to hang on to. 
Now its time! Brandice screamed so furiously her head almost burst. Spinning round, she attacked the wall in fury. Stone shattered everywhere. Razor sharp shards of fiery rock powered down the passage, hissed through the waterfall and deep into the trees. Terrified animals ran for cover for miles around. Instinct told them something very dangerous was happening, and it wouldnt pay to be anywhere near.
The evil water spirits pushed Lawrence and Lucy back towards the pool onto the wall, so they couldnt move. Lucys fur glowed, but dimmed straight away. Deep below the ground something ancient stirred, giving the deafening roar of a mighty dragon. The cavern shook, swirled and moved from side to side, till Lawrence felt so sick and his throat dried up so much he couldnt even cry out for help. At their feet the magical pool gurgled, spat, hissed, span and sucked them both deep below the bubbling mixture. 
Have fun! Brandice screeched crazily as her body shone, shook and fizzed wildly. 
The moment Lawrence and Lucy dropped beneath the thick, smelly liquid they fell into a deep and dreamless sleep.

Chapter 9

Lawrence and Lucy woke up in the witches cave, lying on a smooth slab. The magic pool and water channel had dried up beside them. All was dusty and quiet. Both felt very tired and confused. Why had Brandice given up on her revenge? Perhaps her terrible spell had failed after all? They looked around warily, thinking it may be another sneaky trick. Lawrences watch had stopped, making it impossible to work out how much time had passed. No clues had been left by the coven to give any idea what theyd been up to either. Nothing else could be done here, so the bewildered pair headed home again.
Breaking out of the clearing, woods grew thicker and thicker. Plants Lawrence had never seen before popped up before them. Brightly coloured fungus grew everywhere, and the wonderful smell of life shone all around. Lawrence bit his lip in confusion. Lucy looked just as puzzled, but the brave friends found the way back through the woods pretty quickly. 
At the forest entrance the old oak tree was there to greet them and wondered who these strange travellers were. Neither one noticed hed lost a little weight. Two friends trudged onwards, looking forward to their beds where they felt like sleeping for days. At the next field even folks as tired as those two had to stop and stare. 
Instead of a busy road twinkling with lights there lay only another pretty meadow filled with sunshine and inquisitive deer. Lucy saw a large otter and a family of badgers playing out in the open without a care in the world. Flocks of starlings raced in front, diving out their way playfully. Lawrence even spotted a massive eagle swooping high overhead. He thought the bird was the most amazing thing hed ever seen. 
Across this field where his thriving village once lay stood a dozen ramshackle huts huddled in a rough circle for protection. A sparkling stream wandered amongst them, gliding past shrubs and swimming over tiny rocks that glittered like jewels. In the nearby field people dressed in dirty sackcloth tended roughly ploughed vegetable patches. 
All roads had vanished. Only a few shallow ruts showed where simple carts had travelled over the thick grass. Enormous trees grew up to the horizon on two sides, and beautiful wispy clouds traced pretty patterns across the bright blue sky. In a never-ending circle rolling green countryside stretched on forever. Today was calm, warm and relaxing, sending a wonderful sense of peace bouncing through the sweet, fresh air. 
Naturally a person may have loved to sit bathing in this healing atmosphere for hours, except Lawrence and Lucy who realised what had happened. This was terrible. Evil Brandice May had sent them back in time! Judging by these sights it must have been by hundreds of years. By separating them from friends and family, shed cut off almost all their chances for help. This was the wicked witchs twisted revenge!
Heavy footsteps pounded behind. A very tall man rushed towards them carrying a pitchfork up high. Shes coming lad, Ive seen her light over the hills! Follow me! he boomed, brushing Lawrences shoulder as he sped by. There was no time for apologies as the frantic man disappeared into the nearest hut. Annoying buzzing sounds grew louder and louder, like strong wind howling through the trees. Seconds later his round, cracked face reappeared.  
Quick, cant you hear her? he screamed. Lawrence and Lucy ran straight through the door. The worried villager hurried them through a small trapdoor leading under the hut. Down there in the thick dust a woman and young child sat huddled together. The lady looked surprised, but pleased to see them safe. The girl gazed closely before allowing Lawrence a shy little smile. At the back of the cellar two old men nodded a hello, and went back to drawing strange symbols in the dusty grime. 
Suddenly the big man slammed the trapdoor shut, pulling grimly on a length of vine with all his strength. He relaxed a little hearing a firm click.
Outside, the cowering countryside witnessed only mayhem and destruction. Swirls of black mist and slime shot over the woods. Trees bent, snapped in two and groaned in pain. Animals that hadnt been quick enough to escape the evil witchs clutches squealed in terror. She gathered them all into a big, messy pile and ate them whole. Luckily the thick wooden trapdoor smothered most of the disturbing noise from those sheltering below.
Im Jack, the giant man said, patting Lawrence soundly on the shoulder.
Lawrence and Lucy.
Lawrence? Fancy name that. Where are you from?
Er, its Larry really. I live not too far away across the fields. My house would be just over the next ridge on the edge of the flats, where the forest thins to a strange point.
Yes, makes sense enough to miss marshy ground. So, Larry eh? Good lad, youre learning fast. It dont pay to stand out here. Folk tell too many tales. Too many loose lips. Its not just witches we have to hide from. Our Barons men can be just as bad with strangers. Theyll figure you a spy or summat in those clothes. Not very bright see? Jack said, tapping his mighty head.
Put these on lad. They were my daughter Willows before we lost her, Jack told him, throwing Lawrence a very tattered sackcloth with holes cut in it. Lawrence quickly pulled it over his bright red t shirt. He rubbed the dust falling from it all over his jeans. Now he looked just like the villagers. Lucy thought he even smelt like them too.
Is the witch called Brandice May Jack?
What do you know of her lad? Jack asked, drawing very near.
We fought her twice. We even outsmarted her the first time and destroyed her precious cauldron.
That so lad? Mmm, Ill have a think about that one, Jack said slowly, sitting next to his family who were still smiling at their two strange visitors. Sets of fat candles swinging above lit their faces with a friendly glow. They looked very kind. Jack introduced them all, piping up, You know what lad, I believe you. Your face for one. Not even castle folks have skin as fresh as you. Then theres your cats eyes. Ive always been able to tell good and bad in people, animals mostly. Your Lucys the kindest and cleverest Ive ever seen. Oh, she sits there polite enough, but I wager shes planning away. An animal like her will give their life for their owner. I wished I had a friend like that, he said sadly. 
Thanks Jack. Did Brandice take Willow? Lawrence asked softly.
No, that evil one lives off in Rooksbridge. Good lady Gretchen did. She grants us the pleasure of her company today.
Ah! Lawrence cried, telling the astonished family everything. Instinct told him these folk could be trusted, although it would be hard for them to understand it all.
A queer, queer tale Larry, we cant be telling anyone that. Nay, not that I doubt your word lad. As I says, I knows things, but well keep it to ourselves I fancy. The crazy folk up thered burn you as a witch for spinning one like that, quicker than youd tell it an all, Jack announced, shaking his head vigorously. 
Jack was so pleased at Lawrences truthfulness, he explained much in return. This was the year of our Lord sixteen hundred and ninety two. A time of plenty for those lucky enough to be born into court. But honest folk like them had to work all day in the fields, gather fruit, hunt and fish. After tribute had been paid to Gretchen any leftover food was shared fairly with the thirty villagers, who gave most of it to the young ones. 
When told of Lawrences happy life back home Jack was very surprised at how much had changed over the years. Lawrence mentioned amazing inventions such as sports cars and the incredible choice of food in the year 2000. The gentle giant sat back in wonder, saying it sounded like heaven, calling it good magic, fit for kind folk. His wife and daughter were convinced it sounded like an affy wonderful dream.
An hour had passed since they took refuge, so Lawrence bravely offered to take a careful look outside. If youd care to, Jack said nervously, Find my chicken Sassy if you please. She wont run if you tells her shes safe.
Lawrence crept out the door. Lucy followed closely. Such a brave cat certainly wasnt going to let him face evil by himself. Lawrence wondered how it had gotten dark so quickly. Sparks still shooting around the area showed the place had been left in a terrible mess. Lucy imagined a raging tornado had swept through the fields. Animal bones were strewn all round. Plants were uprooted, gigantic holes torn in roofs, strange symbols burnt into the ground and trees felled. At least it had fallen quiet. 
Lawrence peered into the darkness at a pile of vegetables near the stream. He ran over to grab them in case Gretchen came back. Everyone would need every scrap of food to see them through this nightmare. All of a sudden loud, frightened bleating sprung from nowhere. Many solid objects brushed by, knocking Lawrence flat on the ground. Springing to his feet, he spun round. There was nothing there! Bleating continued till it reached a worn path, where pattering hooves led up a steep hill and faded away. Today only grew stranger and stranger.
Fluttering from an upturned hay cart caught their attention next. Aha! Lawrence strode over confidently. This must be Sassy the chicken. He bent down, keen to help out. Only inches away from his nose the cart shot off like a rocket far into the air, and never came back down. Thick, dusty hay exploded outwards till it fell like rain. Screaming showers of burnt feathers burst out the cloud and a terrifying flaming skull appeared before them. In a flash of stinking smoke the skull morphed into the unmistakable shape of a tall young lady. 
Lucy recognised her right away. A much younger and prettier Gretchen floated before them now. She whirled round and round them, taunting Lawrence who tried desperately to keep facing her. What have we here? she cackled. A sense of recognition grew over her spotty face as green spit dribbled over her jet black cape. His disguise hadnt fooled her one bit. Her memory quickly returned. 
Aha! Another pure one, a lost little pig, youll do! she cackled, creeping closer. Lucy slipped out from behind Lawrences legs. Gretchen nearly jumped out of her skin, like shed just gotten a massive electric shock. With a disturbing whistle a pitchfork landed at their feet, scraping Lawrences shoe. 
You! she screeched, melting into the darkness. Now that was a big surprise. Back inside the hut they told Jack the news.
Good, good, he said, lapsing into deep thought. His wife put her arm round him. The poor man must be thinking of his kidnapped daughter again.
How did it get dark so quickly Jack?
Whenever she visits its always night afterwards. Her queer magic see?
Almost as if she sucks all goodness out the air, Lawrence remarked.
Could be, could be, Jack agreed thoughtfully.
Maybe we could help each other Jack? Where does Gretchen live? If we could find out we may find Willow and be able to return to our own time using the witchs power somehow. Mr Davis always says to know your enemy is key to defeating them.
No one knows where she lives lad. Shes clever that one. Folk says she never leaves in the same direction. Witches take, they never gives, unless one fancies a nasty boil or two counts as a gift. Some folks get even worse. Once they met Gretchen they were never the same. We seen them walking in circles one day. One walked right into a flooded river - their minds gone see? No, ones she takes never comes back, he said sadly.
Jack said Gretchen had been visiting more often lately. None of the usual protective herbs or chants worked against her. Now no one had the energy or will to fight or move away. Even if they did leave, his family could easily end up in another witches territory that was even worse. Brandice Mays for one.
I see your problem Jack. Its very complicated for sure. Um, before we arrived I realised Lucy has some sort of magic too. That must be why Brandice stole her before she got old enough to use it properly. Gretchen recognised this as well just then and didnt like it at all. But I dont know how to use this magic yet, or even whether Lucy does. Perhaps here in the olden days Lucys power is greater somehow. I just wish I knew more. Well have a good look around tomorrow, there may be clues waiting.
Everyone moved up to the ground floor to continue chatting now Gretchen had gone. Jack announced the two visitors were welcome to stay for as long as they needed. Hed tell nosey folk Lawrence was a cousin visiting from afar. Lucy ran to the door, twitching her nose uncontrollably. Something smelt new and very interesting. She walked up and down trying to form a picture in her mind of what it may be. Such precautions often saved lives. After a few minutes an enormous shape padded away into the darkness.

Chapter 10

Jacks family settled down for the night. Lucy drifted off first. In her dreams she slipped across silent seas of silver and climbed over mountain peaks that moved and shimmered under magical moons. Melting through the odd, eerie silence like a shadow, she came upon somewhere she recognised - A special place under the old oak tree where Caspar sat waiting for her. 
Unlike her usual meetings with him, tonight much of his speech sounded very faint. The older, wiser cat wished to tell more, but neither could hold the fading connection for long. This wasnt surprising the sheer amount of time and space between them. 
How long has it been?
Very little princess. Move quickly, dawn will soon be upon you. The evil banishing spell has been cast only once before. Back then a layman tried to reverse it without knowing the true cost. He didnt fare well; he didnt have the correct item. You have less than three days before the spell sets for good. We are few here, but there our number will be many. Search well, for our friends hide in shadows, shunning those who would ensnare or destroy them. Lucy barely had time to thank him as without warning her beautiful golden spirit spun back into her body. For the rest of the night she slept soundly.
Despite Lucys company and being amongst the friendly family, Lawrence felt a little lonely. He recognised the odd natural landmark on the way, but this wasnt truly his village. Hed never stayed away from home since dad passed, preferring to stay close to mum like hed promised. 
Faced with such a big problem it was only to be expected the boys head would be filled with such questions. They were in such a fix. How were they ever going to get out of this? Witches held sway here. In fact thered be more of them than ever in these darker days. Brandice - would she remember him? He couldnt even begin to think up a plan if she turned up. Things started to sound even stranger and very complicated. In the very early hours the tired boys eyes slowly closed to the tiny fire flickering in the middle of the hut - quite dangerous he thought, in a house made of wood and a roof made of straw...
Hours later Lawrence woke from a deep sleep to the haunting cry of wolves howling on the outskirts of the dark woods. Jack sat at the door, gripping a strong stick firmly. He whispered softly, Soldiers wont kill them at night for fear of witches. Witches wont kill them either. Too useful to hunt and frighten people, see? Go to sleep lad, Ill wait up. 
Before he fell asleep again Lawrence sleepily remembered where he was. Of course - humans hadnt killed them all yet! Wolves were clever  theyd probably survive a little longer.
Back on earth a very shocked Mr Davis and his wife stood helplessly by the worried oak tree. Only a few minutes had passed since Lawrence and Lucy had been taken. 
Theyre just far too powerful. Ive got in way too deep, what can I do now? the distraught man repeated over and over. His troubled wife held her head in her hands. Ten long minutes crept by before she could even speak. Its up to them now Thomas, she croaked weakly.
Its ten thirty now Maria. How long should we give it before we tell... 
We darent leave it much longer. Who knows what may be happening to them.

Chapter 11

Next morning Lawrence woke feeling a little better and more confident. A good nights sleep can often work wonders. Stepping into the warming morning sun he remembered something dad used to say when faced with a large problem. The trick was to try and break it down in to smaller pieces. That way it wouldnt seem anywhere near as scary. After all, even the most experienced climber doesnt scale a dangerous mountain without proper planning. 
Strong sunlight lit broken branches propping up the houses round walls, which were sealed with a smelly mix of dried mud, grass and manure. This made them windproof and kept out germs, which was a very sensible precaution. Doctors werent very good at treating infections back then. In these days a person may die of a simple cold or even a tiny cut that wasnt attended to properly. That meant Lawrence would have to be extra careful also.
Jacks family trooped out behind Lawrence and Lucy, announcing they were off to search for berries on the other side of the hills. Jack promised to ask everyone he met about Gretchen. Maybe someone would remember some tiny detail that could be used to track her.
Lawrence and Lucy sat thinking for a bit in the hot sun. Their first step was to find out where Gretchen lived, form a plan, find and destroy her treasured item of power where she stored her magic and rescue Willow and any others. Next they would need to find out how to reverse Brandices time spell or another way to return to their own time, perhaps by draining her power in some way. Whatever happened, it certainly wasnt going to be easy!
Lawrence decided to try the castle market for clues. There he could chat to people and see if anything was worth trading for. Jack told him it was held just outside the castle gates in a long penned off area. This was so rich folk didnt have to mix with villagers unless they chose to. 
Following a stiff walk up the steep hill, Lawrence wandered through the bustling market. With Lucy perched proudly on his shoulder he drew quite a few admiring glances. There were so many wonderful smells, and plenty of goods, but none which would help them. 
Near the exit a group of brightly dressed pipers all competed for the same coin from rich folk soaking up the happy atmosphere. As Lawrence and Lucy left a mysterious lady eyed them curiously from high up the castles tower. For the rest of the afternoon the two friends kindly helped villagers tidy up the frightful mess Gretchen had selfishly left.
That night Lawrence suffered a terrible nightmare, finding himself in a strange, dark room lying on the ground, unable to move. Somewhere in the darkness a giant creature slithered towards him, hissing and coughing up pools of moving slime. Lucy had been trapped in a tiny cage nearby and was crying miserably. Suddenly Brandice May towered over him and wouldnt let him speak or escape. 
You ruined my cauldron! she screeched, dropping burning liquid on his hair. Her long bony fingers poked him constantly, pushing him into the soft floor. When he fell right through the ground, the disturbing scene started all over again. After dozens of times Lawrence woke sweating. They had to hurry, angry Brandice was on the way!

Chapter 12

The following day Lawrence and Lucy walked round the beautiful countryside in a wide circle looking for clues. Jack kindly spared them a little food to help them stay out for most of the day. Lucy seemed to be charged full of energy from the blazing sun, and her coat shone brighter and brighter. Lawrence wasnt used to such heat, so it just made him feel tired and slow. 
At a gurgling stream Lucy sprang onto a rock, sniffing the air curiously. She was on to something! Suddenly the rock moved, taking off at terrific speed. Leaving Lawrence with only a loud meow, Lucy shot off after it across the fields. Lawrence tried his best to keep up, only managing a short, sweaty run before Lucy came trotting back with a stone coloured cat that looked very old.
Lucy had made a new friend who brought interesting news. This wily cat named Gar had avoided witches for many years due to her excellent camouflage and great speed. Once she realised Lucy was so special she told of a patch of land all animals avoided just over the next long rise. Near there creatures suddenly got very scared and turned away. Once a younger friend of hers crept too close and burned up in seconds! Even birds flew many miles around it. Instinct seemed to tell them to stay well away, much like the sound of hunting wolves to a deer. Terrible screams were often heard there late at night. Both cats agreed this must be Gretchens lair. Lucy lead the way, knowing Lawrence would follow her.
Soon they came to a small, rocky thicket smothered with pretty, flowering mosses. Tiny trees grew round the sides, spreading funny shapes across the meadow. Thin leaves shot out the top like arcs of smoke and whirled skywards. It was a quiet and beautiful place, till Lawrence noticed sun shone round it in a wide circle. This was very odd. He felt a nervous twitch deep down in his stomach. Hed seen this kind of thing once before. Lucy and Gar felt fine. Luckily Lucys powers must be protecting them all. 
Well done Lucy! he exclaimed, realising how much shed helped. 
Lawrence slipped the long hanging grasses apart to peer inside. Sharp bends in the passage meant all he could see was a tiny bit of a small cave. Lucy meowed a warning as he bravely took a closer look. Suddenly air lit up in blinding flashes of blue. Lawrence suffered big electric shocks, throwing him back through the entrance, where he landed twisted up in a big heap. 
The sky went dark, and a weird ticking filled the air, which grew faster and faster. Flowers turned black, spun off their stems and whirled above him. Lawrence lay squirming in pain as moss began slithering across the grass towards him. In seconds both swarmed all over him. Lawrence felt like he was being stung from all sides by armies of angry ants. Lucy leapt on top of him. Her coat shone bright gold, spinning the nasty creatures far into the air. They quickly returned, but kept their distance, droning menacingly. It was time to go. Gar led the way down to the stream to recover.
That has to be Gretchens house! Lawrence said, rubbing some fresh water on his arms to cool the throbbing stings. Gar went back to fishing in the stream, wishing Lucy good luck. She always kept well away from settlements, so she could avoid witches easier. 
When Lawrence and Lucy returned to the village it had grown dark. Jack was peering out his house nervously, till he spied them walking across the field. Better to stay in at nights, he said, ushering them inside.
Lawrence told him what happened. Jack felt so frustrated he couldnt help get inside Gretchens home. Lawrence explained Jack would be better off here listening to the villagers talk in case Gretchen singled his family out again. Investigations had stalled, so any rumour may help at this point. 
Jack said people in the nearby village of Ravens Den were talking of the castle sure enough. Folk over there said lots of queer things though. One of the cooks swore last month the Baron brought a gifted magician in from far across the sea. That would have cost an awful lot of gold just to watch him play tricks. Things some folk said hed been summoned for made him laugh at their wild imaginations. Everyone knew it was because the old man was easily bored and constantly needed to be entertained, otherwise he spent his spare time making up stupid, meaningless laws.
Lawrences face lit up. Here were some possibilities. Perhaps they wouldnt be stuck here after all. A magician seemed very interesting, as they always carried precious gems or staffs of power made from oak, silver or ash. If only the fellow was a real one and not a fake like so many at this time who only wanted to make money. 
To ask for permission to enter the castle at the gate would only end with them being thrown into the dungeon. At school Lawrence learnt almost every castle had a weak point. This ones design fault was a tiny sewer pipe leading to the higher chambers. Only a few years from now an evil warlord would use it to flood the castle with poisonous fumes. Lawrence and Lucys plan would be far less dangerous, but no less cunning. If she followed her nose through the tunnels, finding a magical item should be easy. Finally realising she could understand him, he told Lucy all about it before they went to sleep. 

Chapter 13

Next day Lucy thought shed woke Lawrence up early, knowing today would be their last chance to escape the spell and return to their own time. Unfortunately, as both were unusually tired after yesterdays excitement they overslept, so it was well past midday before they left Jacks home. Lawrence could hardly keep up as Lucy flew to the castle walls. Drat! Two massive guards were lounging around outside, complaining to each other about their low pay. Only a few metres behind them the sewer pipe swirled dirty water into a small stream. Lawrence saw he had to scrape a grate from the wall for Lucy to enter. Those two certainly wouldnt have allowed that. So the two friends sat out of sight, anxiously waiting for the guards to leave. One long hour passed. Lucys tail twitched nervously. How long had they got left? Lawrence felt awfully worried too. That nagging pain had started again in his stomach that couldnt be ignored. He ran round in a big circle and charged back down the hill shouting loudly. Quick, people are fighting in the market! The guards knew theyd be in big trouble if they didnt help, so rushed off up the hill.
Within seconds Lawrence had opened the grate using a rough flat stone. Lucy did her duty well. Ignoring insults from fat, smelly rats living in the filth, she finally made it to the main bed chamber. Sure enough, there a magical staff sat glinting in the sun, floating on top a magnificent, shimmering dresser. Luckily it turned out to be the size of a small silver ornament. Wasting no time Lucy grabbed it and made for the exit. An interesting smell she recognised floated over, stopping her for a second, then two dainty feet blocked her escape. 
A very pretty and well dressed lady stood peering down at her very curiously indeed. Lucy dropped the staff and sat down, politely meowing out her points. Amongst them was the truth she didnt normally steal things, it wasnt her way. 
Maybe the lady didnt have the slightest clue what she said. However, the way Lucy presented herself must have made quite an impression. The lady stroked her chin, smiled, picked up the staff and placed it carefully beneath Lucys collar, making sure it wouldnt slip. Concentrate! she commanded, making sure the cat understood her. Lucy thanked her as best she could and rushed off.
A few minutes later Lucy burst out the sewer pipe to the surprise of Lawrence who hugged her tightly. Not many people were lucky enough to have a cat as clever as her. He was so happy he ignored the terrible smell. Lawrence took off down the steep hill. Lucy glanced back up towards the castle, seeing the womans smile light up the window.
At Jacks house Lawrence was happy to see the big man had returned. Jack smiled at their good news. Knowing they may not return from Gretchens lair, Lawrence quickly told him as much as he could remember about future events around his village. Jack couldnt write, none of his family could, but he had an excellent memory and a good friend called Jof who would mark it all down for him. Jof lived a long ways up country in Northumberland, but always visited once a year in high summer despite the long journey. 
Lawrence told Jack of important dates in history, places to stay away from because of floods, battles, diseases and such, and most of all which people in power to trust. He also concentrated on telling the kind man how to look after his animals better. Jack was especially grateful hearing some animals infections could be cured by feeding them mouldy bread.
Lawrence knew it would have been easy for his family to march them off to the castle and collect a reward. Because they hadnt done, that proved they were good and loyal people. Therefore they deserved some help in enjoying a long, happy life.
Clanking of metal drifted down the field outside. Jack thrust his head out the door, finding darkness falling early today. Not too far away four soldiers stood up on the hill. One pressed something shiny into a villagers hand. 
Traitor! Jack bellowed, watching the cowardly fellow speed off across the fields. 
Quick lad, follow the smallest stream, itll take you right there, Jack said, Ill play dumb here. By the time soldiers got into Jacks home, Lawrence and Lucy were far away. 

Chapter 14

Thanks to Jacks tip the friends made it to Gretchens hidden cave in record time. Now the tiny creatures guarding the place glowed bright red. It seemed they were expecting him. Their droning told they were preparing for another attack. Lawrence held the staff up high, watching it shimmer eerily in the rising moon. This made the creatures even angrier, though none were brave enough to approach him now. Their furious buzzes shot back and forth, vibrating around his head. Lawrences left ear went deaf, and the other made strange popping noises like gigantic waves crashing on a beach. 
Lawrence gulped and moved towards the entrance. Without being asked the magic staff created a small umbrella of light underneath, just enough to fit them both. Slowly they edged inwards. Behind them the dangerous force field dropped down again, humming powerfully. 
One short passage led into a small cave. As they stepped inside the wall dissolved, and a weird green light glowed, revealing a very thin and very long room, stretching way off into the distance. Gretchens floor was lined with weirdly cut red stone, and her rooms furnishings were made of wood, wicker and bone. 
Signs of black magic lay everywhere. Vases brimming with disgusting powders, bottles of strange swirling liquid, books on dark energy - this was a witchs hideaway alright. So much had been packed in there it was hard for Lawrence to work out what may be useful. Brandice Mays item of power had been her prized cauldron. What might Gretchens special magical item be that stored her power? There probably wouldnt be time to look through much either as the evil witch could return at any moment.
Lawrence hurried down the room, hoping her magical item may give off some clues. The magic staff pulsed as he passed some very odd and lifelike statues. Vibrating faster at a certain spot, it begged to be let down. Sneaking out his hand, it floated a few inches above the dusty floor. Lawrence had another look around the spot. Placed carefully on a polished stand sat a large human skull, grinning horribly. Its eye sockets glowed evilly as if it were still alive and planning to attack at any moment. The top of its head had been removed and filled with fistfuls of bright orange pebbles. Witches really were very odd. Of course, screaming skulls, that was it! This was what Gretchen was famous for!
Lawrence wondered how to destroy it. Hed learnt these things couldnt be damaged simply by dashing them on the floor. Only magic itself, or a holy item could destroy magical objects. And more powerful ones could only be trapped for short periods. There didnt seem to be anything here to help, and the silver staff just floated there humming. 
Further down the room Lucy meowed in surprise. Lawrence ran over. Gretchen had placed dozens of tall, rusty cages in long lines on both sides there. Most were empty or had mouldy skeletons of all shapes and sizes littering the floor. One cage at the end held a very thin young girl who shivered uncontrollably on the cold floor. Even the noise of his shoes seemed to cause her pain.
Weve come to help, Lawrence whispered, Are you Willow? The girl nodded weakly. Her hair was all tangled and dirty and bits had fallen out. Far from being fattened up to eat it looked like cruel Gretchen had been starving her. Lawrence and Lucy couldnt understand how some creatures could be so heartless. Lucy slipped inside the cage hoping to heal Willow a little with her magical warmth, but the sick girl didnt have the strength to hold on. The poor soul may not have long left if they didnt leave right away.
Then an annoying buzzing echoed down the room. This must be the force field being lowered at the entrance. Gretchen had returned! Lawrence tried to creep behind a bench, hoping to sneak back to the staff. Hed barely had time to move when a black mist swirled towards him like a mighty whirlwind, throwing items high into the air. It was evil Brandice May! 
Dont you know its rude to trespass, you horrible little sneak! she screamed, looking even angrier and uglier than ever before. Her pointy hat grew so hot and tall it scraped off the roof, showering burning splinters everywhere.
REVENGE! she screamed so loudly the room vibrated violently, sending ripples along the floor that swept Lawrence off his feet. 
Now is my time! she screamed again, firing streams of poisonous green fire. Lucy leapt in front, reflecting them off her glowing fur. Their sheer power pushed her to one side, singeing her coat. Lucy knew she wouldnt be able to take much more of such powerful magic. Rushing between Brandices legs, she headed straight for the staff. Lucy whirled round it, hoping it would follow her commands. It burst into life, sending a small pocket of protective light towards Lawrence who crawled inside. Brandice didnt care and carried on attacking him furiously. Soon the staffs light started fading and another safe haven blinked on a few metres behind him. Lawrence had just enough time to run to the next circle as its light faded. Brandice Mays attacks grew stronger. Each time the shielding light faded quicker, pushing Lawrence further backwards. Dozens of lights had lit, yet the witches rage grew wilder still. Her head rolled uncontrollably and her bony fingers twitched violently. Shed never give up! 
Now her spells had evil little creatures crawling inside them, gnawing and gnashing rotting teeth inches away from his face. Behind Lawrence the incredibly long room was finally coming to an end. Within minutes there would be nowhere left to retreat! If just one of those spells hit him Lawrence would be vaporised instantly.
At that moment Gretchen floated through the ceiling. She whirled round the fight, screeching like a madwoman. Her face burned black and her cloak fizzed angrily, showing she was still full of dark energy from her nights attacks. Gretchen proudly floated next to Brandice, spied her precious magical skull, raised her hands and shrieked some strange phrase. An army of tiny screaming skulls rose from inside, spinning round her head in a fiery circle. Some lit up in flames, exploding against walls, but others kept swarming out the skull with loud whooshes. There seemed to be no end to them.
Despite all the magical mayhem, Lawrence had a brainwave. If the staff could give out all that energy it must be able to absorb it too. Lawrence remembered his training. With a series of expert dodges and a mighty leap, he grabbed the staff. Lucky the second he touched it Lawrence became invisible, because Brandice and Gretchen werent far behind. 
Brandice whirled round, shooting everywhere in blind rage. Furniture flew to pieces and books melted away into bubbling slime. Gretchen and her flaming skulls started stalking Lucy, who was arched up against Willows cage hissing loudly.
In those few breathless seconds Lawrences plan came together. Gretchens power lay in the skull from stealing daylight and draining the hopes of the villagers. Brandice had extra power from using the dreadful time spell. The magical staff still held some power, and Lucy must have a little left. If he could absorb all at once and use it in the waterfall cave that may be their one chance to escape! The moment he moved Lawrence became visible again. He shouted to Lucy, The skull!
Lucy jumped up on the bench and grabbed it, holding it as high as possible. Brandice saw her chance, arcing a spell towards her. NO! Gretchen screamed, but it was too late. A tiny part of her spell brushed the side of the skull. Feeling the great heat Lucy dropped it over the side of the bench, watching it spin round in mid air like a raging ball of fire.
Brandice turned to Lawrence, casting another spell. Her magic bounced off the staff, nudged Lucy, hit the skull and returned to the staff in a flash of bright white light. Everyone was blinded for a second. 
Lawrence slowly opened his eyes. Brandice and Gretchen were patting themselves down as if theyd lost something and peering round the room nervously. Strange grating whines shot through the smoky, choking air. The two witches looked completely surprised as they shrunk smaller and smaller. Soon they became the thickness of paper and vanished through cracks in the roof. Lawrence had just scraped through this one!
Lawrence and Lucy had to work quickly. Those two could still return again when theyd built up enough power. They had to get Willow back to the village, then run to the waterfall cave. Lucy yowled with dismay finding the staff had vanished as well. Lawrence had read sometimes certain magical items could sense the users intent and act for them in times of great need. Lawrence prayed it had found the cave. If it hadnt, all hope would be lost  theyd never return to their own time.
Lawrence broke the cages rusty lock easily, releasing Willow who collapsed into his arms.
Lucy had a final plan and sat on a stack of expensive silk material in the corner, concentrating. A tiny spark smouldered slowly as she sprang off. Lucy looked very pleased with herself. 
Lets get out of here, Lawrence cried.
Lawrence carried the still girl quite some distance over the fields as fast as he possibly could. Back at the village he became so tired he could hardly speak and almost collapsed. Jack opened the door before they got there as if hed sensed them. Scooping Willow up, he carried her carefully inside. The big man was even more upset than Lawrence and Lucy at the dreadful state of his daughter.
Shortly afterwards a swinging lantern moved down the hill in time to a cheerful song. Jacks good friend Jof had arrived. Seeing the grave situation indoors the clever man took charge. Jof knew much of sickness, but even he looked very worried indeed. The wise old man pursed his lips in concentration and gave each of the family an important task. 
Lawrence hovered near the door. He really didnt want to leave just yet. He felt very sorry for Willow and hoped she would be alright. It would be terrible for the kind family if she didnt make it. Lucy sat at the door restlessly, trying to make him understand they had to hurry. Their only chance could slip away anytime now. For all she knew it may have gone already. 
On the bed Willow seemed to be getting worse. Her eyes glowed bright red. Jof said the witchs evil had poisoned her body, so it didnt react as well to his nursing skills. Lawrence stood helplessly at the door as the family prayed the terrible disease may pass. He still couldnt decide the best thing to do. Turning back, he slipped dads ring into Jacks pocket. It wasnt worth much money back home, but here the little gold in it would do an awful lot of good.  
Hope it helps Jack. I wish there was some way wed know shed recovered. 
Thanks lad, your folks have taught you all you need, Jack said, not realising what he had been given just then. Understandably his attention lay elsewhere. 
Lawrence waved and ran into the night. Far off over the hill in the western sky, a giant orange glow rose higher and higher. Lucy meowed happily - Gretchens home was blazing fiercely. How the heroes got back to the waterfall cave in the dark so quickly neither knew. 
Both let out a loud sigh of relief at finding the staff inside, floating next to the stream. Magic power it possessed must have sensed them, because it lit up in a whirling pillar of silver. From deep within came speech speeded up so much it became gibberish. Lawrence picked Lucy up, hoping for the best. Both knew it was now or never as they stepped into the beam and vanished. Not long after a neatly dressed lady appeared at that very spot. Her magical staff flew to her, squeaking gratefully. 
In the thick dark of night two brave time travellers woke back in the hidden cave. Their journey back to the present day had pumped them full of energy. They felt overjoyed to be home. Lawrence followed Lucy as fast as he could through the darkness to the edge of the forest. 
Mr and Mrs Davis were pacing up and down at the old oak tree. Luckily only thirty minutes had passed. At that very moment the couple had been about to leave to tell his mum everything and beg for her forgiveness. 
Lawrence ran up to tell a second incredible tale that day. Mr Davis praised Lawrence for his quick thinking during the fierce battle. He confessed he may have frozen up under similar circumstances. 
Mrs Davis wondered how Gretchen looked younger, yet Brandice appeared uglier and older. Mr Davis said no human could properly explain such a complicated thing as time travel. Weird as it sounded Gretchen and Sally probably didnt exist anymore in our time. Brandice could exist in both worlds because shed gained extra power from the earth spell, and had travelled back through time as well. Mrs Davis still didnt understand, so he promised to find her some books.
Everyone felt very sad hearing about Willow. Sadly her future didnt look good. Mr Davis admitted he was very sorry to hear about her, but the two of them should be very proud as theyd done all they possibly could. At least her family got to see her in the end. True, it was a big shame life didnt always work out exactly the way we wanted. However, as long as people tried their best, that was all that truly mattered. 
Back home mum listened to Lawrences adventures, smiling happily at his imagination. 
After all that I should think its time for bed my hero! she laughed.
Next day Lawrence woke up early, still buzzing with energy from last nights excitement. Lucy had been up for a while, gazing dreamily out the bedroom window down the lawn. Hearing Lawrence stir behind she purred in happiness and lay back down to sleep. Lawrence had a good look out there too. Keen to grab some air he opened the window and breathed in deeply. Ah, beautiful! The woodland smelt of sweet pine needles and blooming flowers  all clean, fresh and new. Bright orange sunlight sneaked over the forest, drizzling red ribbons across the garden. Between the oldest trees a beautiful willow fluttered her branches happily in the warm morning breeze. 

Chapter 15

Just two weeks later, in the very early hours Lawrence was dragged from yet another weird dream by a dull droning outside. He shot out of bed and rushed to the window. At the bottom of the garden a mysterious green light flitted between the trees. It quickly flew closer and closer in pulsing, jerky movements. For a moment he feared the terrible Brandice May had returned. Soon the flickering glow grew brighter, warmer and full of life. Lawrence caught the light wooden fence blush a healthy red. In a brilliant green flash an orb formed, weirdly underlit the trees and disappeared in a fabulous curtain of colour.
Perched on the windowsill next to him, Lucy purred happily in her sleep. His magical cat was visiting Caspar again. Lawrence smiled, feeling happier every second. It felt good knowing at least one of them was having a nice time tonight. This was the third time Lawrence had been woken by strange dreams and it was still only 3 am. 
Nestling just above the trees a brilliant full moon shone warming shades of blue, lighting the bedroom in bright, beautiful colours. Lucy woke with a start and glanced around, looking puzzled. A single ray of soothing blue light bounced off the ceiling, drawing the surprised friends gently out the window and down the lawn. Lawrence plucked a sprig of willow for luck as they glided between trees at the bottom.
Two friends drifted onwards for quite some time, dodging sharper branches and nudging softer leaves. The sprawling forest proved even bigger than Lawrence thought. As the tall trees thinned they flew across moonlit meadows many miles away, where their speed increased. 
Now the land rose and fell, flying by quicker and quicker. In a blink ground changed to sparkling water, where weird lights bobbed up and down, glowing hypnotically. Strange creatures darted along the riverbed, diving amongst walking plants that surged in front in awkward, crazy movements. Lawrence stretched down to feel the cool water flow over his hand. His fingers wobbled strangely and a fizzy green light smoked out the tips, leaving a glittering trail whistling behind. 
Over the water, muddy earth turned to fiery rock covered by small, blurry flowers that gurgled strange sounds and slid across the thick, churning surface. Soon theyd travelled so far from home Lawrence and Lucy had no idea where they were there, but neither felt afraid.
Suddenly they swooped atop a gigantic mountain, looming high above misty clouds. The mysterious moonbeam swirled over a crumbling stone building and floated them safely to the floor. This ruins roof had been lost long ago, leaving only two walls bulging outwards dangerously. Here the bright blue light gently guided them inwards. 
In the centre of the room a dull staff rested inside an exquisitely carved holder. Lawrence had seen something like this before. This one wasnt exactly the same, but was just as small. Its shaft seemed to be made of stout oak. A blue gem glowed mysteriously at the top. Lawrence had many questions. What was going on? What was this strange place? Whod brought them here and why? Lucy looked just as puzzled. 
Peering between the broken, gloomy walls they watched surrounding countryside change. Out there an endless dancing forest sprung up in confusing flashes of white. Now a towering golden city stood at the far off horizon. Tiny creatures patrolled its ridiculously high walls, and strange spirals of shimmering light flew above. A blink later three tribal huts sat in a neat line instead. Then a gigantic pink toad, whose skin croaked loudly swum down from the colourful sky and confidently nested on top. 
Lawrence heard faint far off voices way behind. There a family of three stood on a desert island, set amongst a bubbling sea of thick, green treacle. Infectious giggling broke out. Two children waved energetically, then mighty trees grew up once more. 
After a while the moons magical blue light faded and started tracing patterns further out in the woods. Gradually it got further away. It certainly wasnt going to return for them tonight. There was only one thing for it - pick up the staff! 
Lawrence picked it up carefully, knowing magical items could be very powerful. If a person didnt treat them with respect, or the staffs spirit detected bad intentions consequences could be dreadful. Nothing happened. Lucy purred, brushing by his ankles. In a flash of purest white a beautifully dressed lady appeared. Her ghostly image kept fading, allowing the strange morphing background behind to shine right through her. 
Welcome travellers. Welcome to the wonderful world of dream! Lucy recognised her friendly smile right away  it was the kind magician from the castle back in 1692!
I am Lenora, a witch of light from far across mighty seas of time. Friends, well done for defeating Brandice May again. I wish I could stay longer, but have to get back there. I have a young family waiting. My world lies back then, so I have no power here. Please listen, theres not much time. Lenora spoke as fast as she could. Some words came through loudly, others were faint, broken whispers. 
Normally when people dream their worlds remain separate. No person ever dreams the same dream at the same time. On the very rare occasions they do there is always magic involved. What you will see around you tonight is the dreams of only a handful of people in your village mingling together uncontrollably. And already this fragile dream world is cracking up. Soon the whole villages dreams will merge. Shortly after that the infectious condition will spread to larger towns, leaving evil free to enter dreams at will and change them to nightmares. I made this magical staff over many years under shelter of a magical blue moon, using wood from the ancient oak in your field. Its powers are limited, so you two must hurry. With its pure spirit you may shape the dreams of many. 
Lawrence realised Lenora must be the magician whod very kindly lent them her magical staff back in 1692. Without that theyd never have escaped Brandices evil time spell. Dad used to say a man is known by the debts he repays, so this could be their way of thanking her. 
How do we do it? Where has the proper staff of dreams gone? Lawrence asked eagerly. Before Lenora could answer she faded away and scenery started changing quicker than before, like flicking through a book. What Lawrence and Lucy did know was each persons dreams were different. Everyones personal dream world had their own problems, and their own laws controlling how they work. Some rules were probably entirely random as well. This made saving them look very difficult! 
Lawrence felt the tiny sprig of willow digging into his thigh. Ah ha - this would be an excellent place to plant it too! Its mother was a very special tree, so maybe her son or daughter would act as a good luck charm? By then the fresh, lively twig had slipped out his pocket and been accepted into soft ground near the crumbled doorway. Before Lawrence could make any further plans weird whooshes of smoke surrounded the ruins. When it cleared they were back home, feeling very tired and staring out at the very rare blue moon.

Chapter 16

Today was a school day. Before he rushed off Lawrence told mum everything. She was glad hed had a nice dream for a change, even a weird one like that. Mum told him gran thought nightmares and vivid dreams were often caused by people being too hot, or eating lots of cheese before they slept. Mum didnt quite believe in the supernatural world yet - she needed evidence. Lawrence hoped to convince her soon enough.
At school Lawrence couldnt wait for break time and flew into the councillors office. Who better to help them than their good friend Mr Davis? Mr Davis confessed to being very busy at the moment, because he had lots of new responsibilities at school. His wife Maria had just been blessed with twins as well. Nevertheless, since he was a kind and friendly man he always made time to help Lawrence and Lucy out whenever he could. 
The clever teacher became very excited and also quite concerned about their latest news. Because of their latest adventures hed read up on ancient magic and already knew much of dream, but a staff of dreams was new to him. Lenora the magician must have great trust in them, as in the wrong hands this staff sounded very dangerous. 
At the moment Mr Davis could only make suggestions till hed done further research. Normally hed advise tackling little bits of such a big problem at a time, but this situation was unique. Time was one luxury they didnt have by the sound of things. Maybe the staff was controlled by either Lawrence or Lucys mind, or the both of them working together? Often magical items worked like that. 
Come to think of it, his friend had mentioned having rather strange dreams recently, which got more confusing only last week. Hed ask her and see if that helped. Until tomorrow what he did know was many people are strongly influenced by dreams. Lots of folk believed some were good wishes sent by friends in need far away, or messages from loved ones that had passed to another life. As Lenora said, it would be easy for evil minded ones to manipulate these people by sending them on fools errands, and much worse. 
Peoples dreams that are not their own that get mixed up with others leaves them confused and tired. Because of this their waking life would suffer. Who knows what may happen? Accidents and irritable behaviour would only be the start of the nasty side effects. Of course no one wanted that. Lawrence said hopefully Lucy and him would have sorted it all out by then. 
On the way home from school that afternoon Lawrence met Lucy by the old oak tree. Resting in his cooling shade they felt filled with confidence. Together they vowed never to give up. If theyd managed to escape the evil Brandice May, curing the land of dream shouldnt be quite as hard. 
Safe in her favourite place Lucy daydreamed. She was happily married to Caspar now. The wise old man didnt stay at Lawrences house very often as he had important work to do far off on other worlds. There were always other problems besides witches to deal with, but the faithful cat kept his promise to visit as often as possible. Before her kittens were born he needed to do as much work as possible, so he could spend every waking moment with them. Together they would teach their wonderful children all they needed if they wished to carry on their ancestors magical work.

Chapter 17

That night, in the very early hours the forest sprung to life. As the two friends drifted off to sleep bright new stars sprinkled secret messages across the sky and a warm green glow swept the treetops. At 3 am the beautiful blue light returned, carrying them back to the towering mountain where the magical staff of dreams lay waiting. 
Across the freaky dream world the same family waved at them, still stuck on a shifting island in the thick green sea. Tonight theyd moved closer to the mountain and appeared far less happy at being there again. The lady in particular didnt seem to be enjoying herself half as much. That isle seemed like the best place to start. This family were all having the same recurring dream, which was very odd and very rare. Even though their island seemed quite small, when Lawrence blinked it grew larger. And when he blinked once more it shrunk down again and turned upside down. Lucy blinked next, turning it on its side, then right side up.
Now they had a goal in sight, Lawrence and Lucy felt a little more confident. They watched the family carefully, trying to work out what they could actually do to help. Not only was the family stuck in the same dream, every few minutes the same weird events happened over and over again. It wasnt surprising the poor lady looked so tired and fed up.
Lucy nudged past, meowing proudly just as Lawrence had a breakthrough. What he had to do was enter peoples dreams and guide them out! That should break the repeating cycle, allowing normal, random dreams to begin again tomorrow night. Hed have to disguise himself though, because folks may recognise him, or choose not to follow his advice because he was so young. Thankfully the magic staff could help with that.
First theyd have to get down there. The soothing blue light had disappeared again, so Lucy tried out an idea, springing far off the mountains edge with a wild meow of delight. In a flash of green smoke she appeared back beside Lawrence, wearing a wide grin. It was good fun anyway she thought. 
So the staff was the only way they could leave now. Lucy perched on Lawrences shoulder, holding on tightly as the brightly burning staff glided them down there safely.
Closer up they were astonished to find the whole island scene covered by a huge bubble. Scattered across the weird landscape, other bubbles of different colours and sizes bobbed and weaved closer together all the time. Suddenly Lucy realised all these smaller bubbles were sitting inside a much larger one, ending at the foot of the mountain. The human land of dreams sure was strange.
Lawrence shouted hello loudly, but no one took any notice. It seemed people couldnt see them while they floated outside the dream bubble using the magic of the powerful staff.
Now, who to change into? Aha! Someone in authority may work. Lawrences clothes transformed into a smart blue uniform, complete with matching cap and shiny badge. Following his orders the staff glided into the bubble, which vibrated an odd pinging noise when it closed up behind them. Lawrence hit the soft sand just right, landing right in front of the family. Because this was the weird land of dream, the three dreamers didnt wonder where hed come from. 
Hello there, park ranger here. Our parks closing. Thanks for visiting. This way please, straight across the sea! Lawrence announced confidently, making his voice sound deeper and more powerful, like he was used to being in charge.
Thank you sir! the lady gushed gratefully, ushering her two young daughters before her. As she stepped off the island, a wobbly walkway of jelly formed up in sections, allowing them to happily trot along. Lawrence merrily waved them off till they quickly became lost in hazy black mist. 
That was so easy! Lawrence exclaimed, petting Lucy triumphantly. 
Just as Lawrence was about to leave the family appeared on the opposite side of the isle. Balancing unsteadily on faltering beams of light, they tottered back onto land, looking very confused and frustrated. Phew, this puzzling situation needed a little more thought! Lawrence decided to have an even closer look at their dream that had started all over again. 
This family were enjoying a relaxing walk across the beach. Two young girls had arranged fizzing flowers in their hair and skipped along, enjoying the tropical air. Their hands were full of brightly coloured fruit that flew round and round in circles, singing enchanting songs. 
Whats this? their mum exclaimed at a swirling misty creature springing out of thin air. It shot between them playfully, squeezed into a tight little ball, bounced off pink palm trees, whistled a happy tune, turned into a huge melon and crashed on her head. Mocking laughter echoed all around.
Lucy watched the scene replay three times before she noticed something black swirling beneath the surface. She sprang down from Lawrences shoulder to investigate. Something else glinted far below the black too. Even her keen eyes couldnt quite make it out. Lucys interest caught Lawrences attention. Yet no matter how hard he tried, he couldnt move further into the weird substance to sneak a look underneath the shifting sand. This wasnt the original staff, so maybe that was why.
Lawrence changed tactics, imagining the sand was shallow water, causing it to flicker clear for a second. This proved just long enough for Lucy to spring down and grab at the smoky creature. Showing perfect timing, she sneaked a little of its wispy black tail off. Luckily this was enough to scare it off into a swirling mist.
In a puff of green smoke the family appeared outside the bubble, smiling happily as they floated away over the morphing scenery. The girls were delighted finding excited white fairies buzzing round their heads. Very soon they all disappeared from view. 
Well done Lucy! Now for our next trick! Lawrence declared, dancing across the warm sand. His rhythmic steps made sand bubble, bringing two small nuggets of gold floating to the surface. Lawrence bent down and picked them up, watching them dissolve in his hands. 
Oh well, we cant expect to find all the answers! he exclaimed.
Round the changing landscape the three nearest bubbles moved a little slower. Many others still formed and fell, but were outside the main one and still a long way off. 
This is fun! Come on Lucy, lets help them all! Lawrence laughed, spinning over there. Just then the world faded and the travellers arrived back home again. Rather weirdly a minute later the alarm clock woke them up, proving their quick adventure must have taken most of the night. Time was always very hard to work out in dreams. Lawrence would have to get to bed a lot earlier tonight, considering theyd only saved one tiny part of the dream world so far!

Chapter 18

Outside the school gates Lawrence noticed a familiar woman talking earnestly to a teacher. She threw him a quick, puzzled glance, then a cautious smile. Lawrence smiled back, before rushing to beat the bell.
At break time Mr Davis listened eagerly to Lawrences tale. He said their work had been excellent so far, but reminded them to keep thinking as the next dreams remedy would be quite different. Working quickly would be the key, because each night that slipped by meant other peoples dreams could become corrupted as well. If that happened too fast things would quickly get out of all control.
Mr Davis also shared a little news himself. Hed worked hard all yesterday afternoon looking through yellowed old manuscripts at the library, but still couldnt tell them how to proceed yet. What hed learnt from early African texts though was an ancient legend telling of a bizarre creature born millions of years ago, when early humans first walked the earth. 
There were many strange ideas about what he looked like, but of course no one could be certain. His names were many in different cultures - the Keeper, the Master, the Dream Weaver. Whatever his true name, this very important being controlled the land of dream for those on earth. It was his job to keep the staff of dreams burning brightly, so everyones dreams remained separate. 
This fellow took his post very seriously, never leaving the land of dream unmanned. The way Lawrence had described the situation, it sounded like the Dream Keeper worked in tandem with the missing staff. Mr Davis couldnt say exactly how yet though. So, the building the lucky friends had visited could only be what remains of his sacred temple. Where the keeper had gone was a mystery they may never solve.
Who created the land of dream, the Keeper and why? 
No one knows Lawrence. We can only guess it must have been a force for good or else we would all have nightmares every single night. You see, when millions of people dream at the same time the Dream Keeper has to work extra hard to keep things running smoothly. After working tirelessly for so long now, we cannot blame him if occasionally a nightmare slips through to the land of dream and pierces a dreamers happy bubble. 
I see. So do you think nightmares are often created by nasty creatures like witches or mischievous spirits from other worlds?
It seems many are, although this is another complicated issue which can take many years to properly research. Tsk, earth magic, time travel, witches, dreams. You certainly do seem to attract the tougher subjects Lawrence!
That night, even earlier than last time Lawrence and Lucy arrived back at the Dream Keepers temple. A small golem statue now sat out the back, gazing solemnly across the shifting horizon. Shimmering shapes and colours adorned the entrance in a glowing arc. Once crumbling walls had been repaired a little too, now reaching Lawrences waist. Inside, a strange, thin, colourless substance pulsed weakly on the floor. Of course the Dream Weaver was still nowhere to be seen. Yet despite the staff twinkling dully tonight, all this looked very promising. 
To Lucys surprise the two pieces of gold from last night suddenly appeared in the corner. Lawrence held them under the strange light, examining them carefully. These round nuggets were the size of golf balls and glinted fiercely right at the tops. Perhaps they were part of some strange magical machine the Dream Master used to help control the land?
Lucy had a different idea, coaxing them out his hand. His clever cat placed them very carefully inside the staffs glowing light as if they were her own children. They lit up brightly, vanished and the staff sprung to life once more.
Lawrence wasted no time. In a flash they floated above the land below. Lenoras staff seemed to float a little slower tonight. One couldnt expect its power to last forever, but luckily the dream bubbles hadnt moved too far. Only a few metres away an excited red one bounced up and down like a rubber ball. It seemed solid and nothing further could be seen past sparkling lines of light fizzing round the sides.
As if sensing them it rolled over and over at top speed, yet stayed in the same spot. Suddenly it lit up and drew them inside, where they whirled round and round. Within seconds the two of them became so dizzy and confused they had no idea which way was up or how to escape. How Lawrence managed to keep hold of the staff we may never know. 
Eventually Lawrence took control by using most of his concentration. He imagined a bright sun orbiting overhead, whose magical beams pierced the bubble, clearing it of all colour. There was nothing in here! How very odd. What was the dream here, and where was the dreamer? Were they hiding? Could anyone even hide from a magical staff of dreams? Lawrence and Lucy watched, puzzled. 
Suddenly a bright flash filled the bubble, expanding it in stuttering stages. Only a few minutes later an entire earthly landscape had built up, complete with weather. Way off on the hazy horizon a tiny shape grew. Their eyes strained as the shape became human and entered the woods. Shortly a very old man drew much closer. Lawrence guessed he must be at least a hundred. Of course, how silly of him - No wonder the bubble had been empty! This man had probably been asleep for some time, but had only just begun to dream. 
Lawrence and Lucy watched him stand and wobble for a bit beneath them in a clearing, while he peered closely at a yellowed, crinkled old photo. Soon he gave a long sigh as if hed expected something, but had been let down again. Appearing to give up, he looked very unhappy, turning his back to leave. Lucy meowed in sympathy at his pain. Lawrence wished he knew how to help. Their staff hummed a strange, enchanting tune and dimmed.
All of a sudden a beautiful antique wooden house built up, using tiny sections of the countryside. When the last piece took its place the front door swung open, allowing the inviting smell of cooking to waft out. It was truly amazing how quickly the sprightly old fellow flew up the steps and shot inside. 
Intrigued, Lawrence moved closer and floated through the roof. On the ground floor a middle aged woman busied herself making lunch. Beside her a mischievous young boy in shorts popular long ago chased a bouncy ball round the kitchen. 
The mans wrinkled face lit up into a broad, unending smile. After hugging them both for an awfully long time, he sat down at the table, content to watch. The woman smiled gratefully as he handed her a golden necklace. Her child watched carefully, looking very impressed as the kind man whittled him a special present. 
Lawrence realised this must be the mans family. Maybe they had passed on and the old fellow had been lucky enough to visit them in his dreams? Both were unsure whether theyd helped here, but there was nothing left to do. This was now a very happy dream. It was such a personal one as well it felt rude to watch any longer, so Lawrence and Lucy left the contented family alone. 
Lawrence was about to command the staff to float away when a curved silver shield burst from ground outside and a thick black mist shot off angrily into the sky. Lucy had been so touched by the warming scenes inside she missed the smoke. Fortunately the staff helped her land on the shield, which promptly disappeared.
This is very strange Lucy, but I feel the answer to all this is very close, Lawrence said, peering round cautiously for other hidden clues. Lucy didnt think it was a shield at all  it only looked like one, so she stood under the staffs light, keen to be off. 
Youre right, maybe wed better continue anyway Lucy, time is very short.

Chapter 19

Bouncing not too far away, the nearest bubble seemed to beckon them, because it pulsed purple so brightly. Lawrence willed the staff to fly them over there in dancing movements, pleasing Lucy so much she purred in excitement.
Inside this small bubble sat an old, sleepy cottage off a quiet, leafy lane. In the front room a woman lay asleep on a couch. Her antique clock read 4 am. Nothing happened for a few puzzling minutes. Shadows darkened inside. Her clock flicked to 4:05 when a mysterious light appeared from within her, hovering silently over her still sleeping body. Her golden spirit flickered into life, whilst her earthly eyes blinked furiously. 
Seconds later her ghostly form passed out the window, walked through the two watchers and ran across the garden hedge. Even the staff struggled to keep up as she powered down the track, leaving tiny trails in the nights hot dust. 
Whizzing over moonlit fields, scenery changed from black to white, to night to day, to the gorgeous colours of autumn in a mighty forest. Lucy realised they werent in England anymore, but an equally beautiful country far across the sea. 
Soon the spirit stopped at an old log cabin perched high in forested hills. When an older spirit greeted her they both dashed into the back garden and started digging furiously. From this moment on animals watched in wonder, trees creaked in the wind, sun rose and fell, and still they dug. In spite of these great efforts, nothing was found in the ground, and the staff showed nothing hidden below the holes either.
Night fell once more and still the two restless spirits dug, refusing to give up hope. Such tireless energy and grim determination was admirable and tremendously inspiring.
Suddenly a flashing shape flitted quickly between trees behind. Lawrence recognised it first as a man holding his stomach tightly as if in great pain. Sweat poured down his face like a mountain stream, and his eyes bulged in complete terror. His pulsing shoulder popped and fizzled, showing tiny portions from others dreams. Mumbling useless prayers, he plunged through a wide ditch of foul water that appeared in front. A tall, pulsing triangle crested the mud behind him, thrashing about wildly.
Fighting his way out and coughing wildly, he spun round, running straight through the cabin walls, bringing it down with a crashing thud. Wood splintered into thousands of tiny, fizzing planks, sinking into the ground to a horrible squelching. The hunted man sunk too, right up to his waist, yet still ploughed through the thick, churning mess, desperate to escape an unseen enemy. Neither Lawrence nor Lucy could see anything following him now. 
Save me! he screamed loudly, glancing behind fearfully. The two workers heard, though didnt seem to see him, so continued to dig. This was a very bad sign - peoples dreams were merging together now. The dream world was breaking up faster and faster; it may not last another night! 
Lucy willed the staff down instantly, keen to fight the poor mans terrible nightmare. Meanwhile the forest flooded with a thick, rolling syrup of moving colour, leaving dry pockets of random scenes scattered here and there, like tiny dream islands floating aimlessly in a vast, rising sea.
By now the haunted dreamer had escaped the evil mud and shot up a mighty pine, climbing frantically to the very top. While jumping recklessly to the next tree his feet buckled as if struck from below, sending him plummeting to the ground. Such was his fear, in a flash hed scrambled half way up the tree again. 
Lenoras staff flew them past him, up to the highest tops, flashing along the tree line. On its way back it stuttered and slowed, dropping tiny bits of energy so the man could jump safely across the tops of trees. Only a dozen leaps later he vanished into a weird, blurry tear in the darkness that swallowed him whole. Lucy could only hope hed escaped the invisible pursuer.
Wasting no time the friends looked a little closer at the other puzzle below, finding the ground draining, stretching and expanding in nervous, jerky waves. Soon it seemed so far away the two working spirits looked like twinkling ants. Small sections of the crazy scene lit up brighter and in far more detail, shifting up and down crazily. Some came so close they blurred, before blowing up further like a powerful microscope.
Ah, Lawrence thought - from this height the solution seemed so much simpler. Because of the dream worlds corruption, the spirits couldnt see a tiny glow growing above a spot off in the woods not too far away. Lucy guided the staff over there, shrinking the world back to normal and marking the area brightly. Instantly the grateful spirits sensed this change, rushing over in a wild charge. Their dream faded, leaving Lawrence and Lucy back at the womans peaceful home watching her sleep again. Lawrence picked up a long, thin piece of bronze that dropped from the gutter, which vanished at his touch. Two black slithers shot through the window into the sky as well. Beautiful smiles lit the ladys face, shooting the staff out the bubble with a triumphant whoosh. 
Well that was very weird Lucy. I wonder what they were looking for? Lucy just purred - it was a mystery to her too.
After fixing that last dream Lawrence and Lucy vowed to do everything possible to finish tonight, since many other bubbles crept closer each trip. Still, it was a little sad their weird adventure must end so soon. Yet what better way to thank kind Lenora for helping them travel through time by completing this important task properly?

Chapter 20

Now only two bubbles were left nearby - light and dark, bouncing around aimlessly near the mountain. Lawrence wanted to try the golden coloured bubble. Lucy had other ideas, snarling at the darker one. 
Okay Lucy, that one it is then! Lawrence said, laughing as the staff flew them over there in long flashes of steam that hid bizarre creatures. Things were dreadfully dark and foggy inside. Lawrence had to concentrate very hard indeed to clear it. Eventually Lawrence and Lucy floated just inside the bubble, peering down curiously at a beautiful young lady walking through black and empty woods.
In her dream shed been caught in a particularly harsh autumn. Lush trees had shaken off their colourful dress and wet, muddy ground had rotted its fine green carpet. Tree trunks had become mouldy and twisted, allowing strange, sinister shadows to form amongst the knots. Weird shafts of black light shot down from above, creeping along branches and trapping tiny wilting buds in dark, depressing prisons, adding an evil menace to the spooky scene. 
Because of the bare emptiness it took some time before the two curious observers recognised certain unusually shaped trees and an ancient section of woods where a tiny stream sneaked through. Of course, theyd been there once before! This girl must have reached her late teens, and now Lawrence recognised her as well  it was Brandice May when she was truly young! Why didnt he guess earlier she may have something to do with this terrible mess?
Brandice stopped abruptly, glancing round suspiciously, sending the staff bursting out the bubble just in time. Lawrence had been about to jump straight into her dream to confront her. Lucy meowed a warning to keep quiet and watch. Often big battles were won by carefully gathering vital intelligence first. Surprise was on their side tonight, since one thing the evil witch hadnt realised was Lawrence held a magic staff allowing him to see her dreams. 
Both dreamers pressed their faces as far into the bubble as they dared, without breaking the thin seal and revealing themselves. A little known fact about light or dark witches is many are able to dream of past life experiences in great detail. And more gifted ones can learn to dream in sequence too. Tonight Brandice dreamt over her life since those early days way back when she was still young, kind and pretty. By blocking out all other thoughts, really concentrating and piecing sections together, Lawrence and Lucy learnt much of her theyd never guessed before. 
Brandice May had been born in 1602 at Rooksbridge Down, Somerset. Her dreams were pleasant when she first set out in life and played hide in meadows with friends. Miss May was a sweet, clever girl back then and her selfless good deeds were many. But as soon as she turned into a teenager she grew moody and sullen, becoming wildly upset at the slightest thing. 
Weeks later a wandering peddler had stolen precious items from her home that could have saved her dad, whod fallen sick from eating rotten meat. Because her dad passed on Brandice had been left all alone in a tumbledown shack deep in the woods, with only black thoughts for company. 
From that day onwards she vowed to become as powerful as possible, to make sure no one dared steal from her again. If only Brandice had been lucky enough to have someone wise to talk to, she would have grown to be the kind and beautiful person Lawrence saw way back then. 
One fateful day while trapping squirrels the vulnerable girl met the younger Gretchen Moll and Sally Sourbridge, who were also running wild back then. Folk often say evil is strongly attracted to those whove lost their way in life. That theory certainly rang true for Brandice May. And now, after four hundred years of evil deeds, the unnaturally old witch had lost all trace of goodness long ago.
Brandices wild dreams reached right up to the present day, proving her as clever as she was evil. No wonder her latest sly plan spoke of genius. Like Lawrence shed realised long ago that a full on attack wasnt always the best tactic to suit her needs.
Using the last of the power from her evil banishing spell, under the guise of a white witch Brandice invaded the human land of dream, hoping to tap the powerful magic from the original staff of dreams. Luckily the staffs spirit sensed her intentions as soon as she broke into the temple, vanishing from her grasp in a puff of green smoke. Lucy guessed it lured the magical blue moon to Lawrences home, before retreating to a place of safety. It seemed their reputation had grown quickly in the magical world. Now the two brave friends were marked as a safe haven, even for such important matters as this.
In frustration Brandice changed tactics, smashed the unsuspecting Dream Keeper to pieces and had been draining negative energy created from villagers weird dreams ever since. So it wasnt surprising that poor familys dreams had gotten worse over the last few weeks.
Fortunately for the innocent people of Somerset, the Dream Keeper had proved harder for Brandice to destroy than she first thought. After some time shed still only managed to scatter his weird parts over places near the mountain. Apparently the ancient creature had a powerful magnetic, magical bond to that sacred place, which proved incredibly difficult to break. 
By the time anyone of any importance or magical power realised Brandices selfish deed, shed stored more power in the past than ever. It was a sneaky plan sure enough, because few magic's could reach her in the land of dream. Of course, as soon as shed built up enough magical essence, shed dispose of Lawrence and that magical cat without too much difficulty! 
After seeing a touch of Brandices painful past Lucy did feel a little sorry for her, learning not all wicked people were born that way. Sometimes circumstances and a wrong choice of friends played a large part. Nevertheless, that didnt excuse Brandices evil actions since. She could have chosen to change at any time, but didnt. And after tonight news she certainly couldnt be allowed to continue tormenting innocent village folk.
Lawrence had to think fast. For all he knew Brandice may wake at any time, leaving them powerless to stop her returning to the land of dream at will. He didnt even know whether she was still living in the year 1692 after their last violent meeting. Unfortunately there were no clues hinting where her body may be, so this could be their only chance to cut off her power supply and banish her spirit from the land of dream.
Luckily the staff still seemed pretty powerful, as the dreaming Brandice made no pretence of seeing them hovering above. Lawrence decided to stay as himself. Seeing his face again would send her into a blind rage. Like last time her dreadful temper may lead her to make a mistake. Lucy opted to take the form of Lenora the magician, hoping this would frighten Brandice into giving up her false claim on the land of dream.
Lawrence swooped down in front, making distracting noises. Lucy glided silently into a tree behind her to get a good view of the situation first. Brandice looked puzzled until she glimpsed the dream staff. Cruel smiles traced across her thin, cracked lips. Very quickly the clever witch formed a plan. If she could grasp the lads staff she may be able to turn it against him. That way she wouldnt even have to use her own power, and her evil plans could continue undisturbed.
Brandice hummed a tune shed learnt long ago. Its evil rhyming words reminded her of a spell that she chanted over and over under her smelly breath. Traces of her real, ugly face flew faintly across her features, often making them wider and longer. Once her head shrunk to the size of a pea. Her best efforts jerked and warmed the dream staff in Lawrences hand for a few worrying minutes. Finally it pulsed red, shook violently, then turned to a far brighter blue.
Pah, her best attempt had failed! Still, the lad was alone, and here in spirit form she could summon up almost anything she wanted! Tonight, thinking she was safe from outside influences, Brandice felt more confident than ever before.
Lawrence wasted no time conjuring monsters from his imagination. Powerful trolls poured from beneath the ground, vicious bandits leaped from trees and mighty dragons swooped from the sky. Tsk, party tricks! Brandice sneered, letting them line up to attack her. A single snap of her fingers turned them all to dust, which blew away on the strange, growing wind. 
After that performance Lawrence realised only good could come from good, so changed tactics very quickly, calling magicians of light currently visiting the land of dream to capture her. Four in training who dreamt that night heard the staffs call, heeding its solemn words. Forming a wide circle between trees, they attempted to cast a spell forcing the witchs spirit back to her body, whilst being blown about like rag dolls in the rising storm. 
Joined together by a circling beam of light, the novice magicians moved in for the difficult spells final act. Brandice flailed around, pretending to be affected as they decreased the magical ring around her. One made a mistake by rushing in too eagerly, breaking the weak bond. Brandice cackled, blinked, and laughed merrily as each apprentice disappeared back into his own dream. This witch certainly wasnt going back to her body till she was ready!
Lucy watched very carefully. Brandice kept Lawrence busy dodging magical attacks, using the most amazing acrobatics hed ever performed. It felt very weird indeed being attacked by such a young, pretty girl.
Having learnt a little about evil magic from Caspar, Lucy knew the unnatural wind was actually evil magic being channelled from Brandices time. Gretchen and Sally must be helping her now. Gusts from the very edge of the bubble grew bigger and bigger all the time. Without warning they turned into a roaring tornado that tore down trees in lines wider than fields. A very thin Gretchen and a very fat Sally flew out in a whirl of choking smoke, reuniting the feared Rooksbridge Coven once more.
Welcome sisters! Brandice cried, Come join me one last time! she screamed, whirling round crazily high in the air. Instantly Lucy sensed Brandice was trying to send them back to 1692 once again, except this time theyd never leave! Things had gotten serious very quickly here. If only Lenora could cut off the covens growing power somehow. 
Sally Sourbridge eagerly joined Brandice in her mighty whirlwind. Her chubby hand got a good grip, allowing their magic to start to combine. Great pulses of dark energy shot into remaining trees. A few elderly giants groaned and fell flat. Others snapped in two like twigs, sending huge logs and deadly splinters flying across the battlefield. 
Then a disturbing moaning pierced the bubble, rattling over the hills, sending chills down the dreamers backs and sending the coven into a magical frenzy. For a few moments the two witches almost joined evil spirits, which would have caused an almighty explosion.
Lucy whirled down, planning to distract Gretchen, knowing it would be a total disaster if the entire coven combined. Lawrence and her would be forced to retreat then, and all hope would be lost. All the witches sensed a great power growing inside Lenora. Being a master of illusion herself, Gretchen recognised Lucy first. 
My precious house, you burnt it to cinders! she screamed, coughing up black soot as proof.
Lucy smiled, replying wisely, A home is a gift Gretchen, you misused yours. 
Come together sisters, we can defeat them! This dream world shall be ours! Brandice roared like a mighty lion. 
Join us Gretchen, we shall wreak revenge together! Sally bellowed like an angry giant.
But, in a blind rage Gretchen ignored them, releasing her most powerful spell yet with a piercing scream so loud it shook the dream world like a mighty earthquake. Every dreamer in Somerset heard it - many even jolted awake in fear.
Her evil magic was so powerful and so full of hate it pinned Lucy up high against the only surviving tree. Even Lucys powerful golden glow struggled to keep her safe from such a vicious blast. Worried Lawrence watched the entire dream bubble turn black, and a thick dark film sweep down the sides, turning bright daylight into black, depressing darkness. 
All the battles so far had never been as terrible as this. Lawrence understood he had to act fast. Clearly the Rooksbridge coven were truly crazy and would do anything to win. Faced with such ruthless opponents Lucy and Lawrence couldnt afford to lose either. But this time Lawrences mind stayed blank.
Fortunately Lenora herself spoke weakly within him, only her anxious voice became mixed up and far too faint. I cant hear you, speak up! Lawrence cried urgently. 
Gretchen finally stopped screaming and floated over to join the coven. Realising her revenge could wait a little longer, she decided it would prove much more fun torturing the magical cat slowly. Meanwhile Brandice and Sallys magic blended together further, creating floating walls of ice, gigantic fireballs and twisting portals to evil planes. The slightest touch by any of these would be enough to send their enemies back home or far worse.
Lucy dropped down from the tree, desperate to gather some energy before the evil magic circle became complete. Lenora changed tactics just in time, speaking through Lucy instead. Even then she only got a few stuttering words through. 
You control my staff here, so you control the dreams. Great power has been entrusted to you from afar. Tonight you are The Dream Keeper - think! 
Lawrence finally understood despite the covens great power, he had the advantage. Using the staff he could control not only where the fight took place, but with whom and when! All was not lost yet. Lawrence concentrated on remembering scenes of young Brandice seen earlier before she turned evil, with no luck. This wasnt easy amidst noisy, flickering dark and choking dust. Pictures flicked through his mind so quickly they made him dizzy, so he tried concentrating on a memory of hers that was as early as possible. 
Glimpsing her some time later before shed turned too ugly, Lawrence decided there was no time left, so hed have to choose that dream. Wild scenes inside the bubble dissolved instantly, restarting at the beginning of his chosen picture. Because the coven hadnt properly formed then Brandice was alone, but still aggressive, because she was set to attack a small village. Naturally the villagers were terrified. Being simple folk they couldnt stop her.
Stop! Lawrence commanded, As lawful keeper of the staff I order you to leave this place. You shall never again enjoy the great privilege of visiting the land of dream! Only those whose souls are pure may enter. Brandices spirit scowled evilly, but didnt dare attempt another confrontation. 
Go! he said, raising his hand to blot her out of sight. When he lowered it not a single trace of Brandice May remained. Strange magic had awoken the witch, and the powerful staff of dreams had gone. 
Lucy appeared by his side. Having changed back to normal, she purred proudly. Lenoras faint voice drifted over the dissolving countryside. Excellent - both of you. Now the original dream staff should return to the temple and your dream world will begin repairing itself. Friends, I wish to leave you a gift. Tell old Orthaniel you met me, he will... 
As happens far too often in the land of dreams her words came just a fraction too late, because they awoke sweaty and breathless to the trilling alarm clock. 
Understandably it was a very weary Lawrence that trudged down the school corridor one hour later. Mr Davis guessed it had been a very tiring night for the two dreamers, so was content hearing a shortened version of their adventure. 
Excellent once again Lawrence, I knew you could do it. Thank Lucy for me as well; I may not get to see her for a few weeks. I suspected this may have something to do with Brandice, wrongly hoping shed been dealt with for the time being. It seems we cannot dismiss such evil quite as easily. Brandice has been alive for three hundred years now, which gives her a big advantage when it comes to thinking up evil plans. I dont think shes ready to give up on her revenge yet, maybe she never will. Well have to have a long think later about how to stop her for good. After all, we cannot have her interfering with your lives much longer. Who knows, one day she may seriously hurt one of you. Thats the last thing we want. Im afraid I havent any idea who Orthaniel is, nor what Lenoras gift may be. I bet you have fun finding out though!
Mrs Davis appeared, proudly pushing her twins down the corridor. Lawrence had to leave for class, so Mr Davis quickly told her the good news. 
Sweet dreams Lawrence! she called after him with a beautiful smile. 
Mrs Daviss kind words must have helped because Lawrences dreams are much sweeter now and improve every night. Some are incredibly bizarre, though always remain fun.
One month later Lawrence caught Lucy staring out the bedroom window longingly, feeling a little sad their latest adventure was over.
I know Lucy. I wish I could go back there too. Its such a shame we never got to find out more about the mysterious Dream Keeper, Lawrence agreed, petting her to sleep. 
Anyway young lady, you and Caspar will have such a lot to do soon - youre going to have lots of kittens, he laughed, checking her swollen belly.
That very night Lawrence and Lucy swooped atop the mountain of dreams one last time. Lawrences tiny sprig of willow had sprouted into a strong young sapling already, and proudly cast a protective shadow over the mountain. The lively tree must love such magical surroundings. 
As the nights colourful mist cleared it revealed the sacred temple fully repaired in finest marble. Tonight it looked truly magnificent in the hazy blue light. A freshly carved door swung open, showing a very strange creature whose eight spindly legs worked a bizarre machine furiously. So this is what the Dream Keeper actually looked like! He was half the size of Lawrence, so had to sit on a big golden stool to reach the extraordinary amount of odd levers and buttons. Such a peculiar character boasted so many shiny parts it was impossible to count. Still, it was awfully nice seeing him safe and well. 
In the centre of the room a tall green staff lay proudly in its stand, pulsing in time with the Keepers wild movements. Lucy thought its spirit truly beautiful and knew it sensed them. 
Lawrence watched the Keeper working, fascinated by his weird, jerky actions. The faster he worked the more his curved back glowed silver. Sometimes the shine became so intense it shot out across the sky in a brilliant trail of stars. Some lucky dreamer was about to get a very pleasant surprise! 
Perhaps the creature sensed them, because he stopped for a moment to glance their way. Lucy loved how his golden eyes sparkled like the midday sun. The mysterious Keeper raised a single arm in salute and gurgled rather weirdly, then they whirled back home. 
Since those magical nights our two brave adventurers havent been allowed back to the Dream Keepers temple, which is probably for the best. Anyone who has ever had the pleasure of experiencing white magic agrees the ancient land of dream should always remain ever changing and fun. In order for this to happen, ancient tradition should be allowed to run smoothly, which means leaving our tireless Dream Keeper to weave his strange magic in peace.
But all is not lost - someone out there still thinks fondly of the two friends. For once, on a very special night, when a magical blue moon floated across the starry sky Lawrence and Lucy dreamt visions of utmost happiness. And on that rare night they were allowed to sneak a tiny peek outside their dream bubble, seeing the giant bubble had gone. Other bubbles sprung up everywhere, bouncing around, but always keeping a safe distance from each other.
A bright silver light swooped past, granting fleeting glimpses of a towering mountain, a thriving willow, the flashing gold of a fabulous temple and a dancing green light glowing strongly through the magical mist. 

Chapter 21

One beautiful day that long, steaming summer Lawrence and Lucy sat relaxing by the old oak tree. Swaying fields of flowers stretched out in front, fluttering enchanting patterns. Shy forest animals sneaked out to play happily in the afternoon heat, lured by warm gusts of wind blowing funny shapes across the sky. Way off on the horizon a dazzling rainbow shimmered brightly. Almost hidden beneath its glittering arc, a tiny speck of black blinked off. 
Before long sun grew so soothing even the ancient oak creaked a long groan of utter contentment. He relaxed so much his larger leaves bent down a little to fan their faces. Lawrence and Lucy sighed along with him at such rare and wonderful sights. 
Lawrence closed his eyes for a split second. Suddenly Lucy yowled in surprise, vanishing in a puff of smelly green smoke. Lawrence leapt to his feet, searching round the tree earnestly. Bah, no luck! Where had she gone? Had she been kidnapped again? Why did strange things always seem to happen when they were resting? Lucy had kittens to look after too. And the friends had only just recovered their energy from saving the land of dream, not to mention the weird parcel incident last week. 
All the animals in the field hadnt noticed the commotion and carried on normally. Naturally Lawrence grew worried, hoping this was just Lucys magic beginning to shine through. He enjoyed adventuring as much as her, but had planned spending much of this school holiday with friends.
Faced with yet another tough problem to puzzle over, Lawrence sat down again to help him think. Mr Davis had gone on holiday to France with his family. Mum was a wonderful person who was always happy to listen, but would think he was just playing games again. Who was there left to help him? 
Clouds moved quicker, leaves shook high above and the mighty tree groaned once more. It almost sounded as if the old fellow wished to lend a hand. Thered always been something special about the elderly oak, though what could a tree possibly do about this? 
Low buzzing noises grew far down the meadow, where lush grass brushed ancient forest. Seconds later Lawrence caught sight of a colourful blur shooting high above. In a weird blue flash an insect dropped down and crawled all over his shirt. Before he knew it a beautiful dragonfly danced merrily across his shoulders. Dad used to call them: Daddy Long Legs. 
Lawrence tried to carefully shoo it away in case he harmed it accidentally, but the lively insect proved way too quick for him. It outsmarted him so easily it was almost as if it read his mind. The excited creature buzzed all over his head, then danced downwards, tickling his neck with its long, silky legs. 
Get off! Lawrence laughed. Touching his neck, he found a tiny dot of golden slime. 
I really hope this is nothing mucky! he exclaimed.
In another weird flash Lawrence found himself floating above ground. Suddenly the world went black. When it slowly grew light again everywhere looked very strange indeed. His vision was made up of hundreds of tiny pictures, each showing the same small scene. Lawrence felt a little sick and a little scared too, especially when ground started bobbing up and down weirdly. Then it spun round and round, and he fell uncontrollably towards the grass. A dragonfly flew beneath him. Instead of Lawrence squashing it on the ground, six long, wispy legs stretched out beneath him and settled right on top of it. 
In flickering stages the tiny pictures started blending together into one large wide one, which allowed him to see further than ever before in all directions. Everything happened so quickly and was so unexpected, no wonder Lawrence took some time to understand what was going on. These were his legs now. With a massive jerking start he realised hed turned into a dragonfly! Surely the other dragonfly helping him had to be Lucy, so perhaps this bizarre situation was due to her strange and powerful magic? 
Keep your wings adjusted against the direction of the wind, and you can hover for ages, a young girls voice sang out. Lawrence tried it straight away with a little success.
Lucy had spoken once before through the guise of Lenora, the white magician. Still, hearing her talk again seemed a little strange. Her light, airy voice whizzed round his body and played amongst the branches. Soft and gentle like a warm summer breeze, it showed her to be very clever and blessed with kindness, which was why she made such a good friend.
How can you do this!? Lawrence asked, totally amazed. Lawrence knew Lucy was special, but never imagined she could be as powerful as this. No wonder Brandice May kidnapped her before her magical powers shone through!
I dont know friend, she gushed, buzzing closer and nudging him affectionately.
Im not even sure Im doing it either. We should probably try and find that out first, she giggled.
Lucky you seem to be happy about this Lucy, it feels very strange and awkward to me.
Come on, its fun! she laughed, buzzing off round the top of the tree in colourful circles. Her wings shimmered so brightly in the sun they looked like fairies dancing. Whenever she giggled her long body pulsed deep red, and she giggled an awful lot. 
Lawrence followed slowly because heights still made him feel a little queasy. Hed prefer fighting evil witches any day. Lucky for him in the body of a dragonfly this fear quickly vanished, for hed taken on the good and bad points of the insect, and every dragonfly loves to fly - the higher the better! 
Lucy dove down, humming enchanting tunes with her wings as Lawrence fluttered round clumsily. It doesnt take much practice you know, she sung.
Lawrence had never been good at making music, so didnt make much effort. Besides, right now he needed all his concentration to control flight. Lucy had a big advantage over him because shed always been an animal, so could think quicker and act instinctively in times of need. Knowing this, Lucy kindly helped him practice a little more. Eventually Lawrence picked up the basics. Before long hed learnt how to dart forward and sashay sideways without too much effort. 
Follow me! Lucy laughed. Because dragonflies had many wings and long, slim bodies they could fly at quite high speeds. So the adventurous pair sped off into the forest, keen to explore hidden areas in their fabulous new bodies. 

Chapter 22

Between those tall trees air grew very dark very quickly. After a few minutes they could only find each other by shouting, listening for the weird echo and watching the others dim glow. Two dragonflies flew for miles through the creepy forest, desperate to see what this unnatural darkness was all about. Lucy seemed able to see in the dark better than him, so Lawrence followed her carefully. 
Soon the friends crossed a tiny stream glittering with jewels and dressed with silver pearls. Tiny fish the size of pins blinked pretty patterns along the bed. Because it looked so beautiful neither heard an invisible barrier spring up behind. 
Strewn around the forest floor strange light and dark shafts spiralled up through the trees, touching the crimson sky. Wispy white fog swirled between the beams like a winding brook, and mysterious energies built below, humming, spitting and jolting fiery cracks through the bumpy ground.    
Lawrence noticed a dark, thin shape flitting from tree to tree high above. Luckily he didnt have to move his head much to get a good view. Lucy darted into a light beam. In seconds her body swelled to four times its size. 
Look! she squealed in delight. She flew round excitedly, making faint shapes when the twisted creature dropped towards them very quickly. Lawrence realised it was some sort of deformed bird, and knew they regularly ate dragonflies. He quickly flew into the nearest light beam, growing almost as big as Lucy. The freaky bird squawked in surprise and flew off in a flutter of feathers. On reaching higher branches it disappeared.
That was lucky, Lucy said, flying into a dark beam where she shrunk back to normal size.
Lawrence copied her, because it wasnt easy flying while being so heavy. 
Clever, Lucy admitted, checking the suspicious spots over again, I wonder who made them and why?
I hope we find out, Lawrence said, saying they should keep looking for clues.
Lucy had a brainwave. You know what I think, friend? We can enter other animals too, she cried, giggling at the idea.
That would be strange, but fun. Although we should probably weigh up the advantages and disadvantages of our choices first, Lawrence said sensibly, deciding the trip to the pleasure beach could wait till next week. This was a ride he simply couldnt pass up!
Lawrence and Lucy swerved between lights racing each other, darting past a tall, slippery cliff dotted with sharp stones. Lawrence felt a blow to his side that knocked him off course. It happened again and again, quicker and quicker, so he cried out to Lucy to slow a little. Neither could work out what had happened. Meanwhile invisible missiles kept coming, hitting the weird, bendy trees with loud, menacing hisses. 
Suddenly the forest grew lighter, then dark again in confusing, stuttering stages. Lawrence spied suspicious shadows lurking near the light beams. While he watched these dark flurries carefully black, twisted triangles swarmed out hidden caves behind, swooping in massive threatening circles. There were hundreds of them! Far ahead thin slithers of amber peeped through the bendy trees. 
Head for the light! Lawrence cried, flying as fast as he could. They were only able to avoid being attacked by swerving, flying up and backwards and darting randomly. Finally both dragonflies burst out the forest, weaving between heaving shafts of dull yellow light. 
The breathless flies saw a wide river wound ahead. Shoals of weird fish leapt out the thick water to feed on blurry blue lights skipping across the surface. Out there in the open towering black rocks crashed down from the blurry, jagged sky. Ones that landed in the light melted into twisty pools of bubbling black. Others shattered into haunting smoky faces, shaking the shadowy land that rippled in time with the river. 
Behind the friends, an army of fiery red glows gathered menacingly at the forests edge. Large sections split off and dived after them, exploding in a shower of sparks. Luckily those nasty creatures couldnt follow them here. In a last wild rush Lawrence and Lucy reached the rivers hungry fish.
Dive on them! Lucy shouted. Within seconds shed nudged a colourful main fin and taken the fish over. Lawrence fell in head first, and was promptly swallowed by a large one, whose body he took over. Lucys fish was young, colourful and fast, whereas Lawrences was old, dull and slow. Both were swept downstream till they learnt to use their new bodies, leaving two very confused dragonflies sitting on the bank. 
Fins on either side were used for sharp turns, leaving smaller ones on the bottom of the belly free to make little adjustments. Of course their tails pushed them forwards, and raising their main fin on top helped slow them down. One good thing was because the water supported most of their weight, they could float along without using any energy. This would have been lots of fun if theyd had longer to adjust. 
Where are we? Lawrence asked. His fuzzy voice was dulled by the water, and drifted off quickly on the current.
I dont know friend, but this certainly isnt home anymore. Something changed as soon as we entered the forest. 
Ive been thinking about those weird beams Lucy. Perhaps they do different things to different animals? Suspicious gigantic splashes disturbed their practice. Spinning round they found nothing there. Lucy tried to concentrate on the cause. Unfortunately her senses were dulled here compared to other worlds. Armies of bubbles shot out the bank side, flipping Lawrence upside down. Larger ones blasted out next, exploding with strong, loud bangs. In between volleys all Lawrence could do was cough and splutter. 
With a nasty hiss and a long piercing scream a large round fish appeared behind. She puffed her body up so much it looked ready to explode. Spiked fish launched out her gaping mouth, exploding and shooting poisonous spines everywhere. Lucy nudged Lawrence upright and they took off down the river. Despite the vicious fish being so big it was still dangerously fast. 
Head for the light beams! Lawrence cried, spying many little openings tapering off under fizzing bushes. One small stream slunk back into the woods. Around a tight bend the friends bounced up against the invisible barrier. Only a tiny bit of a light beam lay their side, vanishing as soon as Lucy touched it.
Just round the curve the mad fishs heavy breathing pushed through the water, sending large waves crashing high over their heads. Much of the water left the stream, becoming trapped on the banks. It seemed to take an age for the vicious hunter to turn the corner. When the fish saw she had them cornered her bloated eyes lit up in glee. Instead of attacking straight away she blew herself up even bigger in a selfish boast.
Ill jump into her, Lawrence shouted bravely.
No, look, shes different! Lucy cried.
While the fish grew fatter her body fizzed and bubbled, draining black shafts of light. Freaky, animal like plants lining the bank whirled apart, withering and dying instantly. Sharp tree branches spun down, stuck to her scales and became long vicious spikes that gleamed evilly in the weird light. Seconds later nothing near was left alive but them, and their enemy had become so big she almost touched the streams sides.
Feeling energised Lucy leapt clear over her, turning gracefully in mid air. Glittering gold slime dripped off her back, dissolving some of the enemys spikes. This allowed Lawrence the chance to charge past, scraping the side of the bank and scratching a few of his scales off. Because water was so shallow now, he hoped to make it back to the river before the fat, heavy fish could turn round. 
Round the final corner Lucy leapt so high she snapped a large branch off an overhanging tree, which stuck solid across the banks. That should slow the nasty girl down even more.
Back in the river they swam quickly upstream because Lawrence thought this may confuse their mad pursuer, whod expect them to go with the rivers flow. 
Just whats going on? I thought this was fun at first! Lawrence exclaimed. 
Lucy still felt puzzled, and fell quiet to think and gain some strength. In a place with so many possibilities no wonder our two adventurers felt confused. Lucy couldnt ask Caspar for help because she needed to be asleep to contact him. Whilst remembering her magical training, she also hoped her precious kittens werent missing her too much.
After swimming for an awfully long time it seemed like the river would never end. 
How can we escape from somewhere if we dont know where we are, or how we got here? Lucy wondered out loud.
There must be more of those beams somewhere. They may be the key to how this bizarre place works, Lawrence suggested, or maybe you could use some magic? 
Perhaps, but my magic seems to be limited to intuition, defence and creating fire so far. Caspar says the year I spent trapped in Brandices cottage set my studies back, so it may take some time to catch up. You see two years old is the coming of age for a cat. Now Im truly an adult all my powers should have shone through by now. By this time most lucky magical cats would have learnt to use them responsibly. When I do learn exactly what they are its simply a case of strengthening them through mental exercises, just like you did with your physical body.
I see, excellent. Erm, like the dream world there may be some keeper or creator of this land we could head to for answers and a way back home. However, we have very little clues so far, Lawrence admitted glumly. 

Chapter 23

A little further up large, black, morphing blob like shapes lined the river bank, nudging the water curiously. Sparkling dark swirls surrounded their distorted bodies. The two curious fish watched them carefully from a distance.
These freaky things didnt walk so much as lurch, stagger and drift. Long sections sometimes stretched out amongst each other, without getting any thinner. How they actually moved remained a mystery. In many ways they matched rocks that fell earlier. Perhaps that was why each one had bulges in different places. Yet the way they grouped together suggested they came from the same source. Faced with such an odd mix of animal and shadows it wasnt even possible to imagine how they survived here. 
Well find answers soon enough! Lucy said brightly, checking them out thoroughly. These beasts must be truly wild, and were probably born or created here. This could be our only chance for some time she thought wisely. Some of the bigger creatures sloped closer to the water. 
Lure them in, let them catch us, Lucy said confidently, devising a cunning plan. They thrashed about enticingly near the bank, allowing the bendy beasts to snag them both. Lucy and Lawrences world instantly fell black and eerily silent. 
Weird snapping sounds turned the lights on again, revealing a bizarre world made up of a hundred shades of grey and opal. Thin black lines shot out, crisscrossing everywhere, joining all the scenery to everything else with strange twists and odd angles. Lawrence thought the land had turned into an artists drawing, before understanding this must be how the world appeared to them. Now his body snaked, shifting around quickly, like it was constantly being pulled in many different directions at once. 
Lucy tried to move as well, although her creatures responses were very slow and wobbly. She only succeeded in bulging one section out slowly, before it snapped back unexpectedly like an elastic band. There didnt seem to be any way to communicate with Lawrence at the moment, which was just as frustrating. 
Meanwhile Lawrence tried out an idea. Using only his mind he followed the nearest and shortest line leading along the bank. His soft, mushy body, hummed, stretched and forked out like a lightning strike. Instantly he arrived at the corner of a sharp turn, gazing back at his last image slowly fading away. It was very weird feeling his body parts settle down again.
Now he was a few metres away, he noticed most of the group moving around aimlessly as if they had no mind of their own, and were awaiting orders. One kept still  that must be Lucy. Apart from the pleasant hum made when he travelled, Lawrence could see no way of communicating with her. He shot over to his original spot, then back again twice more, giving Lucy the same idea. She proved a quick learner, getting there quicker than him at his last attempt - a grand feat.
That grating noise Lucy made following him must have been an alarm call, as all the creatures set off on a wild rush, squealing annoying scraping noises. It wasnt easy following them the blistering pace the startled group moved. As the herds speed increased Lawrence and Lucys control over their morphing beasts lessened, because their own thoughts couldnt keep up with the blurry, crisscrossed and meandering lines.
Suddenly the animals themselves took over, making the ride quicker and quicker, jolting from side to side and up and down at sharp slants. Once the wild ride took them far beneath the ground, where pulsing strands of light clung to their jelly like bodies, squeezing them into tight knots and weird new shapes. 
Often strange apparitions sprung out the background, forcing their bodies to split up onto many different paths and reform later. Rather weirdly their minds split with them too, so when reunited the memories swirled together as well. Sometimes bendy courses flicked back and forth through treetops, and sometimes they passed through solid scenery so fast they didnt notice parts of them had been left till long past.
After zigzagging madly over a moving plain of light rock, while being pelted by powdery grains of black rain that passed through them, the herd came to a stop. Dozens of dark tendrils reached out, eagerly touching orbs of light flitting beneath a shadowy cluster of trees. The dark herd didnt appear alarmed when something very big slowly materialized from lightening shadows gathered above. 
Soon all the creatures leisurely milled around a floating tower built from such odd angles it appeared to shoot off far into the sky. This must be a place of safety where the strange beasts felt most relaxed. Clever Lucy  that was her plan all along. 
One moment later Lawrence and Lucy arrived, finding themselves dumped out the blobs at the bottom of the towers crazy, twisting steps. Not one of them looked the same height or length, and each one was spaced out differently. This was a very old and wise idea designed to confuse enemies and slow their attack. Therefore whoever owned this place was most probably very old and very clever too. When they picked themselves up their wobbly bodies had returned to normal, and the weird, twisting tower had drifted high above.
With a snapping pop and a large grunt a tall, thin man appeared out a hazy mist atop the winding steps. His long colourful robes suited his stretchy face perfectly. Lucy found it very hard to imagine how he walked in those pointy shoes, till he floated down towards them. 
Come in friends, he said warmly, shaking Lawrences hand vigorously. Lawrence watched his body dissolving away. Next thing he knew hed reformed inside a magnificent castles reception area, dressed in fine clothes and surrounded by sparkling white light. Lucy had been given a bright new collar, which she examined in the marble floor and swelled with pride.
Lawrence and the magical Lucy isnt it? the man said, peering closer. I heard tell you burnt Gretchens home to the ground. How enterprising! Tsk, normally I wouldnt encourage such things, but, well, it has slowed her selfish habits down somewhat. Yes, well anyway, welcome to my research tower. Orthaniel sent you didnt he? Tell that wily old fellow Jasper said hello, and it would be awfully nice to see him from time to time. Please tell him passing in his dreams doesnt count, as his voice is sometimes so faint I dont always have time to listen. Besides, theres so much to do here as well, he admitted, fussing over some floating maps and piling magic books on top of one another. A ridiculously high pile spanning a bendy arc collapsed near the bottom. Without turning round Jasper flicked his finger. All the books lined up neatly in alphabetical order. 
Why didnt I think of that before? he tutted. Now wheres that latest creature I discovered? You two will love him. Energy swirled round his thick belt. Ah ha, here he is hiding, he laughed, tapping the buckle twice. A rich strip of brown broke off, whirled round his head and passed through the lofty ceiling, leaving a small hole. 
Well see our clever little trickster soon, Jasper promised, I always find something new on my travels. He was an amazing find.
Have you visited many interesting worlds with your magical tower? Lawrence asked earnestly.
Thousands. Of course I make sure inhabitants dont see me unless needs must. I take care to position myself where locals cant simply walk into me. After all, my tower is currently only invisible, not truly magical where a physical body could pass through without realising. Thats one of many ambitions I aim for in the far future. By closely studying different worlds I gain ideas to mix with my own to create an ultimate design. Patient trial and error  thats how many great inventions are made Lawrence. 
Jasper kindly allowed them to have a good look around the ground floor. His massive tower was a typical white magicians hideaway, and an exciting treasure trove for Lawrence, whod only seen evil witches homes. 
Golden statues of fabulous creatures whirred and clicked to each other musically. Gleaming white potions hung in neat lines in mid air, mysterious symbols popped up all around, and magical spells promising health, insight into the stars and eternal happiness lay there begging to be used. Unlike witches homes nothing evil could poison you if you stood too close. And of course here lay only funny tricks, not dangerous traps. 
What are those strange creatures that brought us here Jasper?
Oh, Thunderjellies act on instinct. Its only slow or top speed for them. Those fellows feed on ancient energy swirling in the weird light that gives this amazing world life. One theory is they are formed high up in the atmosphere, therefore are in essence living clouds that fall to earth. A good friend of mine once said they were the remains of humans dreams. You see Lawrence, long ago when folk didnt have the wonders of technology that you enjoy today, your world was much, much quieter. Without these distractions your ancestors spent a lot more time imagining how the universe worked, discussing the supernatural and dreaming. Anyway, she suggested that may explain why Thunderjellies can morph into so many different shapes so fast. Im not so sure. I cant prove it yet, but I believe theyre as real as you or I and spend most of their lives in happy, sleepy dreams.
Lawrence quickly told Jasper about all their adventures so far. He seemed quite surprised, admitting he knew the kind Lenora. Apparently she was very young and very talented. Jasper explained about a group of ancient magicians hailing from dozens of planets, calling themselves The Elder Council. These characters, who were far older than him, assumed responsibility for certain events in this galaxy by keeping balance on hundreds of worlds. 
Jasper promised to meet them as soon as possible, to make sure they heard of the Rooksbridge Covens terrible acts. Whilst this was one of many situations the council liked to prevent, earth lay an awfully long way from their official chambers. Therefore Lawrence and Lucys problems would be way down on their list of priorities. Lawrence should also remember Elders were notoriously slow at making decisions, so it may be some time before hed be officially allowed to help. 

Chapter 24

Upstairs everyone. Ill show you everything. I can explain how some things work round here, though others elude me just now. We dont get many visitors here you know - were way off all but the most magical map. Id say you two lucky souls are our very first for two centuries at least, Jasper admitted, smiling brightly. His eyes gleamed kindly too. Lawrence decided Jasper was a genuinely pleasant character - an eccentric old man who loved to learn, yearned to teach and enjoyed showing off his inventions and discoveries. Jasper floated off slowly up the long, winding staircase, allowing them to follow at their own pace.
Did you help create this strange world Jasper?
Goodness me, no! he confessed with a strange jump and a weird stare, I havent been around half as long as that Lawrence. This extraordinary world was most probably created billions of years ago, long before Earth. No one knows why or by whom. Or if they do guess the answer, they seem strangely unwilling to share it. Academics can be like that sometimes. No, I merely study it. And the more I do, the more I discover. I believe it may be never ending, he whispered, leaning closer.
Eventually the chatty group entered a large curved room upstairs, complete with fabulous metal balcony carved into fantastic shapes and animals. In here the excited brown, wispy creature spun round an antique table, taking tiny chunks out the legs. It grew fatter, then spat out a perfect miniature copy which split up into two others equally as impressive. 
Hes normally far more creative, only hes just woken up, Jasper explained, beaming with pride. Show us another! he cried, watching the lively thing twirl crazily amongst long drapes decorating the walls. Instantly the excited creature buzzed round in circles at high speed, dripping tiny shards of smoky colour like a jet plane. Lawrence scooped some up from the floor, amazed to find soft, flat pieces springing to life into solid, antique items and arranging themselves in order. Very soon a whole new world lay before them, complete with weird new creatures melded with landscape and sky, working perfectly as one. 
Ah, hes found my dusty old basement library, Jasper said, pleased his clever friend felt comfortable enough to explore. And as if that wasnt enough to impress his captivated audience, it bounced off the floor, taking chunks of marble and stone, growing bigger and bigger. Lord only knows what wonders hed planned next.
Bravo! Jasper shouted, scratching his pointy head furiously and wriggling inside his robes like a dancing worm. Lawrence loved the old fellows enthusiasm. The dear creatures play kept him so enraptured he didnt hear the patter of tiny feet gathering on the landing. 
Wont he eat your entire tower? Lawrence laughed.
No, the cheeky young scamp will give back bits I truly need once hes calmed down a little.
The tower, your tricks, how do you make all this happen? Lawrence asked in wonder.
Lawrence, most folk look at the world around them and mistakenly think what you see is what you get. However, if a master locksmith does enough research and practice, he can pick even the most complicated lock, Jasper explained, touching his long nose knowingly.
Lucy sat watching the show too, staring very closely at Jasper, while a deep yellow glow grew in her eyes. Suddenly she sprang at the cheery fellow, snarling viciously. Her paws scratched at his face and powerful blue lightning streaked down her fur, forcing him against the wall with a terrible crash. Lawrence was horrified. No! he screamed, rushing over to pick the poor fellow up. He was even more horrified finding the ugly face of Brandice May staring back at him. The evil witch had possessed Jaspers body!
After such an attack Brandices temper became the wildest yet. Her eyes burnt deep black. Red hot swirls flicked between them, flashing down Jaspers shoulders to create curled, bony fingers. The horrible old witch floated high up to the ceiling, screaming terrible curses. 
Thick bars pulsing with a powerful charge shot up in the doorway. A vast, screaming army of tiny black creatures poured between pencil thin gaps, swarming over the place like giant ants. 
Lucy set fire to the drapes. Each one lit the other so quickly in a flash the tall room became encircled in a golden glow reaching the roof. Thankfully the constant magical burning prevented Brandice getting any further help from outside.
Lucy noticed many of the nasty creatures looked like Brandice herself; even copying her movements. These foul spirits must be part of her evil essence. And how could they fight this evil witch without harming the friendly Jasper too much? Brandice had hatched a wicked plan once again. Like last time she cleverly appeared in spirit form, leaving her physical body safe worlds away.
Armed with only a magical tapestry that swooped from the wall, Lawrence bravely fended off the imps poisonous biting attacks. Its weird swirling only confused them briefly, making them return even madder.
Across the room Lucy quickly gathered her thoughts. During battles theyd always been blessed with magical help. Today, because Jasper wasnt conscious, his strange and rare friend may allow her to be its master temporarily. Just as she thought, it shot over and hovered over her new collar, awaiting orders.
Lucys first idea was to copy the tiny imps, creating confusion for Brandice. Her helper eagerly shot through the curtains, instantly making dozens of improved imps blessed with roaring flame. Taking an instant dislike to their copies, the creatures fell on each other viciously. When one fell explosions covered the room in corrosive slime, and a tiny black speck shot through the ceiling. Seeing results so quickly spurred Lucy on. But her valiant fight back had only just begun!
Their ferocious fight didnt give Lawrence much time to think, because Brandice changed her plan too. The miserable old crone would have blasted the tiny creature far into space, only it was far too quick. She wasnt about to let that miserable cat get away with attacking her imps, so turned on Lawrence to take revenge!
An enchanted hypnotic tapestry had little effect on Brandice, who merely blinked twice, easily shaking the weak magic off. With all the mayhem there wasnt much space left for a young boys acrobatics. Soon Brandice had Lawrence backed up against the railing, which melted away under a hail of swirling green powder. Seconds later he hung desperately over a very large drop, though his grip held strong. Brandice just giggled cruelly, tried wildly kicking his hands away, and sent choking fumes funnelling down. This was why other witches feared her - She was truly evil.
Lucy sprung on her back again and again, although Brandice shrugged her magic off effortlessly. At Lucys final effort the witchs spirit didnt even seem to feel the powerful jolts. Lucy changed tactics fast, but to her horror Lawrence fell off the balcony, plummeting into the eerie smoke. His loud cries were lost amid deafening noise and Brandices terrifying screams of victory. Now she concentrated all her rage and power on Lucy, who couldnt be allowed to live either.
Lucys ideas came quicker. Barely had she thought of an object or being and it stood before her, following her will. Jaspers find was a powerful friend indeed! Brandice conjured poisonous snakes from her fingertips, flinging them everywhere. Many kept dropping from up high, rousing their quick tempers. In return Lucy produced a gigantic ball of fat pythons that held Jaspers arms so tightly his body bulged, forcing Brandices rasping voice into short squeaks. 
Brandices strong restraints didnt stop her casting more spells using her deep black eyes. Soon fireballs filled with molten glass pelted off walls, shattering against Lucys weakening natural magic. Again and again Brandice attacked with increasing power. Her pool of energy must be immense!
So the wild battle raged on. The terrific amount of magical energy buzzing through the air created some very weird effects. Many times the whole scene blurred out of focus. At one point time seemed to stand still, reverse, then stutter forward. Only sheer luck meant neither of them had been badly hurt yet. Jaspers friend was young and inexperienced, whereas Brandice was sly and old. She knew Lucy couldnt afford to harm Jasper, so shed gain the upper hand eventually. 
Because Brandices new magical item of power hadnt been harmed, she could still draw energy from it, whereas Jaspers incredible friend couldnt keep up its work forever. Only minutes later the poor creature sank through the floor, letting out disappointed squeaky beeps. Brandice threw the snakes off, mocked Lucy and her eyes flashed black evilly.
Just in time a heaving great Thunderjelly charged up the stairs, shot right through the doorway and exploded the powerful force field into curtains of rolling steam. Lawrence had returned! Witnessing her enemys triumphant entrance, Brandice went wild, cruelly bashing poor Jaspers body around the walls. He woke moaning in pain, watching her fire blast big black chunks off the weird creature. 
Sporting this light, morphing body Lawrence easily matched her quick movements. Seconds later hed pinned her in a corner, covering her whole face in dangling tendrils. Brandice screamed loudly in frustration and terror, trying her best to escape. Her face spun round and round like a whirlwind. When the creature released its grip her ugly features vanished, dropping Jasper limply to the floor. 
One brave Thunderjelly dissolved through the ground, leaving Lawrence scrunched up in some very weird angles. When his body stopped shaking he stumbled to the wall, gazing deeply into Jaspers eyes before helping him up. No trace of Brandice remained. Fortunately Jasper seemed to have got away with only a few scratches and a bruised shoulder. 
Phew! Friends, thank you! That was very weird! Watching my tower getting smashed up was quite annoying too! I normally put up a barrier when off world that stops me being possessed. Its easy to forget here though, Jasper confessed, scrunching his face up. 
You know earlier I thought I sensed the presence of uninvited dark ones, which I foolishly put to the back of my mind. Her kind wont invade this land another time though, he declared firmly, snapping his fingers and watching the room tidy up. 
Lawrence told how just before he hit the floor far below hed been swept out the window by one of Jaspers wonderful tricks, landed outside and entered a Thunderjelly, shot to the nearest light beam and changed to a creepy, crawly, squirmy worm like creature made of solid light and jellied shadows. It seemed this ancient animal had a strange story to tell it had kept for centuries. So many different images flashed before him so quickly his eyes hurt. 
After that he had no control for a while and went to an even weirder place than this  a tiny miniature shadowy world that seemed to exist inside a gigantic cave, far beneath the earth. His Thunderjelly rolled over and over inside, coating the walls black, happily watching the world swirl. Millions of mysterious oval shapes dangled from strange points high above, but he couldnt see into any. As amazing as his experience became, all he could think about was getting back to help his friends. Next thing he remembered was racing up the tower steps. His story truly fascinated Jasper, but the shrewd man didnt explain why.
Lawrence admitted he didnt actually plan on grabbing Brandices face. Jasper nodded wisely, saying he was sure Brandice left because of an overwhelming fear of imprisonment. On rare occasions Thunderjellies can be like that. I guess the sleeping spiritual part of them senses an enemys weakness and exploits it. I think its yet another part of their defence mechanism. As you can see, we still have much to learn from these amazing creatures!
Jasper wondered out loud where the creature got the idea to make particular items from, then winked at Lucy. 
I always thought he could only make an object if hed seen or tasted it first. Once again it just goes to show we never stop learning. 
The grateful magician bowed low before them. Friends, between magic folk it is customary for one who performs a good deed to be granted a gift. Lucy, you have your special collar, so Lawrence, what treasure takes your fancy? Please, pick anything you like, he offered generously.
Wow, brilliant, theres so much here as well! Lawrence gasped, having a good look around. 
What about this amazing vase Jasper? It changes shape and moves about the room like some sort of game. What else does it do?
Oh, I cant help you there friend. This has to be your decision. Another rule of ours, Jasper replied with a laugh. Lawrence spent quite some time checking everything out. Hed learnt by now not to be too hasty. 
On a transparent table sat an interesting silver brush etched with strange pictures of wood elves, that set his hair in whatever style he fancied. Mum would love that. Perched on a pedestal all of its own sat a very weird, twisted stick, twirling faster the closer he got. Opposite, a wavy scroll jumped out from behind a floating map, unravelled, shrieked, shot a mischievous glance at Jasper and ran through the wall giggling. Ah, it was so hard making a choice!
Finally Lawrence found a tiny box hidden at the back of a high shelf, locked by a shimmering silver clasp. He rattled it eagerly, expecting an exciting surprise. Nothing happened. Curiously he found it empty. Jasper beamed, shrugging at the boys puzzled look. Lawrence turned back to see a shiny black pebble sat there innocently. 
At first it just looked like a precious obsidian stone hed learnt about at school, till Lawrence gazed closer, drawn magnetically to the stones polished surface. Never-ending swirls set deep within whirled hypnotically, rushing inwards and creating a weird circling sensation like floating above a whirlpool. For a fleeting moment the tower melted away, leaving him travelling through infinite space. 
All measure of time vanished. Lawrence drifted on a journey far further than ever before. Strings of vibrating energy flashed past, jolting wildly. Their twinkling light sped onwards, clinging to a giant fiery ball far off in front. Lawrence was granted a flash of knowledge, realising these were stars forming in another galaxy. 
Jaspers tower slipped back into focus with a sharp jolt. Lawrence rubbed his weary eyes to see the stone lying there duller than before. Rather weirdly hed totally forgotten what happened just then, when hed spaced out. 
Still, something about the intriguing stone reminded him of something or somewhere - but what? Thats it  the magical staffs! This stone may once have been part of one, though it also felt different in such an intriguing way he couldnt even begin to fathom yet. As they are wont to do, the young boys imagination ran wild. It could be a way to contact friends or spirits far away in other dimensions, or an elder wizards secret hiding place for his most powerful spells. He even imagined the stone had actually been alive once long ago. Maybe it still was, but for some reason now slept deeply! 
Ill take this please Jasper! Lawrence breathed, captivated by the mysterious object. Some incredible and priceless treasures lay there, which may have earned greedy people a fortune. Yet once the stone had shown a small part of its strange power, Lawrence knew even if it never woke he had to have it close. He couldnt explain why, it was just a strong feeling that it played a part in his familys future, and was crucial to their continued happiness.
As you wish friend, have fun! Jasper winked, tapping him on the shoulder for good luck.
Ill remember to inform the Elder Council of your current problem. Lenora or I will be in touch Lucy. Now, well have to move fast. We dont want your mum to worry. Step over here folks, into my magic circle. It may be later than you think when you return. Im good, but not perfect! he laughed.
Jasper nodded goodbye, petting Lucy whose fur glowed golden. The friendly magician clasped his hands together tightly, advising them to close their eyes. Our adventurers still saw a blinding light, then slipped into a deep sleep.

Chapter 25

Lawrence and Lucy woke smiling back at the oak tree. Early evening shadows helped them adjust to earths light. Lucy was back to normal - as normal as a magical cat can be of course. Lawrence felt honoured to have spoken to her all the same. Orthaniel stood very still and quiet. The wise old man seemed to be sleeping. Lawrence decided it would be best to check on him tomorrow, so wisely sneaked away quietly.
Back home they found Mr and Mrs Davis sat chatting to mum. Mrs Davis was telling her all about their wonderful holiday. Apparently her happy young twins had particularly enjoyed themselves. 
Seems you two had an exciting time too, Mr Davis said, noting their eyes shine a telling gleam. Lawrence quickly told him all he could remember. Yet again Mr Davis admitted to feeling a little jealous, saying it sounded like the old oak sent them to the strange world. This was probably Lenoras gift for saving the Land of Dream. Orthaniel must have known both his friends had to change form to enter. Mr Davis had learnt when magical creatures get used to people and they are both relaxed enough, magic can sometimes seep through between each other. It sounds like thats what happened to the two lucky travellers today. 
Lawrence, it seems the old oak only allowed this because he trusted you two so much  thats a very rare thing, he reminded them, explaining the interfering old crones had probably been watching him carefully from afar, waiting for the right chance. Sensing what had happened to Lawrence and Lucy, they quickly took advantage of the situation. After all, the weird world of light and shadow certainly didnt sound dangerous till the Rooksbridge coven got there. Being such a strange, confusing land the witches probably figured it would make Lawrence and Lucy easy prey. Their clever plan almost worked as well. 
Normally the two great friends didnt have anything to show for adventures except memories. However, this time Lucy sported a sparkling souvenir collar and Lawrence had the strange pebble hed found in Jaspers tower. If it wasnt for these Lawrence couldnt have been sure they hadnt fallen asleep and dreamt the whole thing. 
Mr Davis turned the shiny precious stone over in his hand for a few minutes, wondering exactly what it may be. He doubted it would harm them though, or Jasper wouldnt have allowed them to take it. Once more the lucky boy had the clever teacher stumped. 
Lawrence invited him to take it for further research. Mr Davis admitted hed love to accept the kind offer. Still, hed been given this fine object as a gift, which was a great honour, and he had a strange feeling it would be best kept in Lawrences possession for the time being.
I doubt well ever find out what this is Lawrence, but when youre ready to lend it to science, I know trustworthy people wholl truly try their best. Itll outfox them in the end though, Im sure of that! Lawrence told about the large parcel mum received last week. It was completely empty when she opened it. Mr Davis was intrigued, promising to think that one over.
Throughout the colourful story mum listened to odd little bits now and again. Shed always put Lawrences tales down to youthful imagination. Hearing wise Mr Davis sound so serious tonight, she started to wonder.
That night Caspar set up a meeting with Jasper and Lenora in Lucys dreams. Obviously the wicked Brandice May couldnt just be left to sneak off again and make other evil plans. Jasper said the Elder Council always came to the right decision, they just took an awfully long time about it.  
The party talked all night about what to do with Brandice after defeating her. Many clever suggestions were offered. Finally two solutions were agreed. One was a magical prison for infinity. The other was a quite different idea suggested by Lenora, which set them off chatting excitedly again. The friends decided the final vote would be on the day itself. Jasper asked Lucy to call them if Brandice appeared before their next meeting. If he could get there in time hed do his best to help.
Early next day Lawrence and Lucy arrived back at the old oak, keen to thank him for the magical experience and his great trust. Orthaniel appeared to be sleeping again, though his glossy leaves shook in welcome. Lawrence told him since being a dragonfly he wasnt afraid of heights quite as much, and how after being a fish Lucy felt more confident around water. 
He couldnt stay long today because hed agreed to help mum in the garden. Hed also decided to set up a few traps at home to ward off any evil spirits before going to the beach that afternoon. After all, they couldnt be sure when Jasper or Lenora may contact them again to help stop Brandice once and for all. Lawrence promised to visit Orthaniel more often, and hoped to be able to pay him back in some way in the future. Lucy purred in agreement at their old friends musical creaks. 
After having so much fun at the beach Lawrence settled down for the night quite late, placing his precious gift safely in the dresser drawer. Lucy secretly wished for an enlightening dream to tell them what it was. Being such a magical cat she knew Lawrence wished the same thing too.
That very night while the moon watched curiously and the happy household slept soundly, the bright, mysterious pebble quietly shook the drawer open and escaped. It whizzed round and round at high speed, shooting through the house in a big circle, before flying out the bedroom window. 
No one knows where it went, but seconds later it was back, perched on the windowsill, still and lifeless. The puzzled crescent moon sneaked through the trees, eager to peer closer. Hed sensed an unearthly, strangely powerful presence and wished to know more. As he drew nearer still, a stray beam brushed the jewels surface. To his surprise nothing happened.
At four am the pebble suddenly exploded into life, warping the windows glass into strange colours, making the sleepers muscles twitch, and drawing all magical energy from the air. For a second the entire Somerset countryside stood still. One second later the world outside the bedroom window ceased to exist, leaving two friends perched on the boundary of a strange, forgotten dimension, far outside normal time and space. 
Whirling streams of powerful mystical energy stretched through the window, blowing up like a giant balloon at the foot of Lawrences bed. Its enchanting musical humming woke them up, inviting the drowsy pair to step in.
Lawrence and Lucy were truly stunned at the entrancing sight. Nothing so far had been as beautiful and as alluring as this. Still half asleep, they imagined the whirling, warping tunnel part of a magical dream, so gladly stumbled through.

Chapter 26

Spinning wildly along a twisting, turning tunnel of light, Lawrence and Lucy watched in silent wonder at a galaxy forming. Masses of cosmic dust and natural energy swirled together so fast with so much force it would tear most living things apart.
Within seconds a long chain of unusually shaped planets were created. Just as the last one became solid the viewing tunnel collapsed, throwing the travellers out into the unstable atmosphere. Lawrence and Lucy swum through the thick, warm air, dodging explosions and whooshing energy particles erupting all round. 
Hiding behind the largest ice moon sat a smaller one, still forming slowly. Floating miles above the friends eagerly watched its long, thin surface take shape. It was nothing like earth at first because many features grew inwards and massive sections curled up in complex shapes. Impossibly high cliffs rose and fell faster and faster. Thick water brimming with magical power flowed everywhere at lightning speed, draining into deep seas when weird mountain chains formed again for the last time. Swirls of chattering energy constantly poured into the thickest rock and only whooshing echoes returned.
Very strange Lucy. This is no dream after all. I wonder if the magic pebble has given us an unusual holiday? Lucy wasnt sure either, but happy to be there all the same. She landed softly near a towering rock face that scraped the bright red sky. Lawrence felt strangely compelled to float down there too, because this part of the mighty mountain glowed softer than surrounding land.
Both lost their ability to fly after reaching ground, so they stood between two high bluffs, gazing around, looking like tiny lost ants. Lawrence touched the rock, finding it cold and dry. Dull thuds and faint, tinkling whooshes swelled from deep within. A peaceful young voice sprung over Lawrences shoulder. Sometimes its warm and you hear our dearest ancestors searching for answers. Such soft, honest words seemed wrapped in hope. A startled Lawrence spun round, but there was no one there. Without offering an explanation for this, the calming voice continued.
I, Empheria, Queen, keeper of our faith and ambassador to our Gods was once part of this ancient, beautiful land - the ancient land of Urazhon. Natural majesty you witnessed took place aeons ago, long before the young Elder Council and the formation of your own tiny galaxy. On this sacred day of remembrance feel free to venture where you will as our honoured guests. Wonders few mortals will see lie out there. One may spend many lifetimes seeking such. Though if answers you wish, journey into the rock, where lies the early village of Zacorhion and our hallowed temple.
Kind spirit, can you tell more? Lawrence asked eagerly, but the strangely relaxing voice died over lush hills far away.
Lucy seemed very keen to explore the mystery. Lawrence trusted the spirit too, so happily agreed. But how would they get in? This glittering rock seemed solid enough to keep out most strangers. Caspar had concentrated on teaching defence lately, so none of Lucys spells were designed for such an offensive purpose. If only for another session with the clever dream staff!
After their strange adventures so far, Lawrence and Lucy loved solving problems like this. Thinking over exciting possibilities brought such satisfaction. Finding answers made them smile, and often the solution proved fairly simple in the end. Still, it took lots of brainstorming this time before an interesting clue popped up.
At a truly dizzy height, tiny specks of speckled dust swirled into the rock. Even from way down here it was obvious they vanished inwards. Being on such a strange world, Lawrence wondered if the substance really was dust. Lucy had already decided, springing up the steep face. Lawrence stood, wondering. His magic friend must have a pretty good plan. 
Lucys goal was far higher and rock much smoother than both first imagined. Any normal cat would have quickly failed. Soon Lucys shimmering yellow fur became a blurry black smudge, blending in with the warming stone. 
Lawrence rubbed his weary eyes, trying to focus again. Just then the dusty line swooped down, swirling round him so fast his vision went black. His body was squeezed painlessly into wisps of brown dust and whisked up there, instantly flying through a tiny crack. Lawrence sensed Lucy flew amongst them too, but couldnt recognise her in this state.
A magical wind shot along tiny decorated tunnels just big enough for one particle to follow another at lightning speed. It blasted them out into two dusty clouds, swirling inches above stone steps in the middle of a fabulous underground city.
Shadowy creatures made of crystal light flitted through carved halls below, frolicking with weird animal and humanoid shapes floating above sparkling fountains of energy. Another shape lit up, then another, each more exciting than the last. Every creature in the universe must be visiting this amazing place! Lucy loved the detailed marble paths spiralling round and round up the sides, ending at a glittering temple sitting proudly high above. No light source was clear, yet the delightful scene was set in a dim, yellow glow. 
Without warning the strange dust stream transported them inside the temple. Sadly there was no time to look around the incredible structure. Quick, follow! a new female voice commanded urgently, opening a hidden door behind an altar. Luckily their tiny, dusty bodies of cloud squeezed through the thin gap just in time, before the door slammed shut tightly with a solid crash.
This restless spirit set a blistering pace through a confusing maze of narrowing passages marked with strange symbols that glowed as the clouds rushed passed. Why then, why us? Even though we swirl dimensions away, we still search for answers, the voice said. Neither visitor could answer, whilst the spirit talked constantly, though not all was easy to understand. 
We loved it here so much part of our spirit still remains, living out lives as we would have done were it not for...
Fortunately this talkative spirit was with them, because even Lucy couldnt have found her way out the confusing labyrinth. Before long they headed higher and higher up the mountain, finally passing through the top into buzzing clouds. These bubbles of steam and streaming energy hissed and whirred, carrying them across gorgeous plains swaying far below. Speeding across this weirdly beautiful land revealed plants growing upside down, hanging in the air and dry rivers spraying sparkling dust thousands of feet sideways into the brightening sky. Nature simply bulged with health, shining so brightly scenery almost burst. 
See, her children! their guide shouted excitedly, whizzing in circles, dropping downwards. Presently she grew quiet and the world spun dizzily. 

Chapter 27

Days of uncontrollable falling through layers of raining rock may have passed before Lawrence and Lucy grew solid again, inside an enormous stone room. This place was so big a gigantic dry lake ran round the sides and curiously shaped clouds formed miles above. On bumpy ground just ahead, a shiny pebble sat astride a magnificent throne of finest marble and ancient gold. At their approach the precious stone rose up into a swirl of glistening black dust. 
Ah, friends, you chose the harder path! Thank you. I brought you here to see what has been and to share in that which is to come. First, there is one more challenge that must be completed unguided, for they will surely see us coming and seek to destroy us. Such a gentle voice wasnt easily forgotten. 
Empheria said their forms were many depending on mood. On this sacred day shed chosen this one as a mark of respect for lost friends. Bright sights theyd just witnessed happened long ago, before others came. She told of a little more recently, of war, their retreat into the safety of the sacred mountain and the terribly powerful forces that selfishly sought to take their land and children for their own. 
When the invading army fled it left a dangerous seed living deep inside the earth, which grew so quickly it affected land above. Because of this evil the entire world was slowly being pulled apart. Even though the great war was long over and the natural, rightful inhabitants had won, victory had eventually fallen to the scheming, spiteful invaders. Empherias children had been hopelessly trapped by this terrible life form, and shed been powerless to save them. Countless centuries later this once wonderful planet was still growing into something that should not be. Lawrence offered to help straight away, promising to try their very best.
Im sure you shall! Empheria agreed brightly.
So what can we do, where should we start? Lawrence asked eagerly. Lucy looked particularly keen.
Ssh, hell hear us! Empheria whispered, vanishing in flashes of light.
Instantly Lawrence and Lucy were transformed to dust clouds again and transported even deeper below the lands surface, reforming inside another vast, glowing cavern. Hidden tunnels and hollow rocks littered the place like an ancient shoreline. Endless crisscrossed, bright, bendy lines floated above, stretching way into the distance. Just beneath them trails of faint, fading light floated round slowly, telling of complicated towering structures which once were. 
Because the friends were made up of thousands of specks of swirling dust, they couldnt talk with each other. After spinning round uselessly for some time, because of the great energy in the atmosphere, Lucy managed to help communicate using their minds. This temporary fix may not last long, so theyd have to move fast. 
Having never attempted mind reading before, Lawrence wasnt surprised it felt so weird. Circumstances meant they had to learn very quickly which voices to listen and respond to. Lucy explained many of those far off murmurs were actually parts of their bodies sending messages to each other, whilst others were just random thoughts to be ignored.
Sensibly agreeing the only way to find out just what was going on was to explore as much as possible, they set off at once. Long lines of light stood out most, so they followed thicker rays eagerly. These weird, hypnotic shafts shot up and down, twisting through many tight spaces, ending in a towering rock face. Massive boulders had been gouged out from rock there, which rolled around dangerously near the ceiling.
As they thought on the meaning of it all, big red plant spores appeared from nowhere, floating towards them angrily. Lucy managed to warn the attackers off with her golden glow and they bravely flew onwards, following beams playing along the softening wall.
Before long the rocky trail ended again, leaving only a tempting crack. Seconds later theyd squeezed through. Everywhere here looked so similar to before, Lawrence suspected some shameful trickery. Perhaps someone or something enjoyed playing with their minds?
Lucys magical powers were growing quickly here. Caspar had said time away from earth could produce such strange effects. Her confidence soared higher as she concentrated on revealing the true nature of this secretive place. Golden smoke joined swirling forms from high above, blurring changing sights all round. All left was a shifting, rolling wall of black, where tiny lights shone through like twinkling stars. Wishing once more cleared it slowly, revealing rather more than Lucy expected. 
Along the rocky floor just below them sat tremendously fat tubes of rippling green flesh. Wobbling constantly like slippery ridges of thick jelly, their spiky sides heaved lazily against groaning, rocky walls. Lawrence gasped. Something told the excited boy these sly, dangerous roots had lived there an awfully long time. Ah, so thats the secret plant! Thanks Lucy!
Meanwhile back at home, for the first time ever mum felt uncomfortable in her house. Shed woken very early and couldnt get back to sleep. Her stomach turned round and round nervously, jumping at weird, unnerving taps on the walls. Their new fridge refused to cool, heating blew hot and cold, and her toaster turned on, despite being unplugged. To ease her mind and get some fresh air, she walked up and down the long rough track outside, keeping the house in view in case Lawrence woke. While she was away religious symbols were piled at the back door and started smouldering, all electronics flickered wildly and stinking green smoke swept up the lawn. 
In the far off underground world curious Lawrence and Lucy were drawn inside the weird plant body, where the world flashed red and silver. Lawrence noticed tiny little specks of brown nestled below him, then streams of energy darted them around the tunnels at frightening speed, shaking them apart violently. It was almost as if it were trying to sort each speck into different sections. Gold specks dripped off Lucy as she bravely fought to take control. 
Whats happening? Lawrence cried. 
Just a little longer! Lucy said mysteriously, falling terribly quiet. Lawrence tried communicating with her, only hitting a blank dullness. Soon his own mind felt fuzzy and dulled, like being slowly filled with nasty flu. In the confusing, hazy light the two swirls were blown ever onwards in long, shuddery stutters on the dry, floating streams of colour. Passages twisted and turned, seeming to have no end. Often weird, pale spikes pierced the sides, slowing them down, showing glimpses of other, weirder sections thrashing about wildly. Unlucky Lawrence hit a sticky spike, turning his world black.
Lawrence woke as if from a deep, dreamless sleep. Light, rhythmic pitter, patter drummed into his mind like a leaking tap. For a second he thought hed woken at home, hearing rain fall softly outside. Colours swirling before him told the real truth. Now theyd stopped in the living passage, Lawrence gazed through his own little dust cloud. Just below sat neat rows of white jellied squares, lining the floor as far as he could see. Single specks of dull brown dust sat on top of each one, stuck fast. From time to time ground grew transparent, showing wobbly white matter continuing right through the plants walls, diving deep into the earth, just like spongy wet suckers. Noisy pattering continued, actually turning a little musical. Ah, Lucy was trying to reach him! 
Whoa, that was very weird Lucy, I can hear you clearly now!
Listen, Ive got it friend! she glowed triumphantly, My intuitions growing quickly here, I know whats happening. This freaky plants just one small section of a massive male winding round the whole planet, feeding on memories of the trapped younger inhabitants. The organism is unique, still very young, and so has none of its own. I needed quiet just then to listen to its thoughts, while he worked out where to put us. 
Ah, it must think were just the same as its normal food like poor Empherias children and seeing where we fit in. It sounds like its trying to build up a story for itself.
Thats right friend. Hes trying to put their memories in order, so as to pretend theyre his, probably to give himself some sort of past. It sounds so weird to us only because his motives are alien. Ive confused him for a moment, thats why weve stopped. We can trick him if were quick enough, before he finds our memories are no good and rejects us. Lets work together, make him release all the young at once, then theres no way he could draw them in quick enough before they shoot off to safety!
Those helpless specks seem stuck fast, how can we do it?
Lucy explained every part of the creature was tuned in to one another. Her cunning plan was for them to remember parts of the planet theyd seen so far, as if they were their only memories. Things would flow even better if they mixed these bright pictures up too. Then when the plant drew them further in to make them part of him, they should let true memories flood out. Just like an uncontrollable sneeze, his whole body would react instantly, rejecting all tiny grains at once in a natural reaction. Until then, it would be best to let him take them wherever he wanted. Lucy promised to keep watch on the creature till exactly the right time. 
Perfect, lets go! Lawrence shouted. Instantly Lucy released them into the plants powerful stream, blew off down the long passage and snaked round a corner. In an instant shed travelled hundreds of miles, though Lawrence could still hear her clearly. Wait, think, not yet! she cried at longer intervals. 
Lawrence felt himself shifted backwards slowly, and concentrated harder than ever on forming exciting visions in his mind. Stopping normal thoughts creeping in proved extremely difficult. Lucy must have helped, for very soon he saw tiny bits of his dusty cloud leaving, feeling them drop into empty jellied squares faster and faster. Panicking a little he realised that in no time thered be none left. How would that feel? Could he still escape then? As his dusty body split up into almost nothing, Lawrence felt so weak he didnt think hed be able to make it out. Now! Lucy screamed, just in time. Lucy thought of her kittens and Caspar. Lawrence remembered first meeting Brandice months ago and what mum would think if she discovered them missing. The floor rumbled, snaking passages violently. Many coiled round one another uncontrollably, causing trapped young to flutter, shift and hum. Its working! Lucy giggled to herself.
Deafening roars erupted all around, warping the tunnels further, blackening them in towering arcs of dust. The organisms body squirmed, tightening further, then viciously snapped back into shape like a giant elastic band. Lucy squealed in triumph as millions of tiny creatures were released from all over the planet at the same time, forming a magnificent explosion of glittering dust. Lawrence smiled inside at his brave and clever friend. Urazhons two honoured guests were ejected too, to a few metres above ground. 
It should have been time for great celebration, yet Lawrence and Lucy were the only ones left, swirling hopelessly over an empty land of lifeless dust and crumbling rock, helplessly watching a speckled, rippling cloud swooping across the skies. Soon it became lost far amongst the stars. It seemed hope went with them, because all grew awfully calm and still. 
Dear me, theyve vanished! Lawrence said, crushed with disappointment, We almost did it as well Lucy.
Ah, I didnt think - children have almost unlimited energy. Theyve been stuck for centuries unable to move, we shouldnt wonder they shot so far away. I do know theyre never coming back too. Lawrence and Lucy bowed their heads in sorrow when arriving at Empherias throne once more. In her presence they became solid again.
Were very sorry Empheria. We tried our best to help, but moved too fast, Lawrence confessed sadly. Empheria buzzed and clicked, communicating with unknown spirits far away.
Help? You certainly did friends, she said, glowing bright, glorious colours. Perfect! another spirit echoed behind. Far from being upset, Empheria felt delighted her precious children were free at last. All she needed to do now was search the dimensions to be reunited with them. For ageless spirits like her that was an easy task. Close friends had already started the quest. 
No matter how far they roamed her offspring would leave exciting traces, faint voices and tiny pockets of treasured memories. When all reunited theyd choose another home together. Empheria pictured it beautifully. Rivers running up to the sky, joining other worlds in a glittering chain of life. And when a guardian planet aligned with far off suns, a fabulous hidden city would form in a mighty mountain, where shiny dust clouds danced merrily amidst a grand, glittering temple. Mighty Urazhon would live again!
Quick friends, now I will return that which has been offered in kind. Empheria senses deep darkness drawing near. Home! she commanded, swirling round them in warm rolling blurs of kindness.

Chapter 28

Magical smoke cleared, leaving Lawrence and Lucy just outside their own sleeping village. It was still very early in the morning, very quiet and confusing, and suspicious shifting mist patches still swept the fields. Lawrence was incredibly fit, yet felt drained like never before, just wanting to sleep. Lucy felt weary too, but glanced back once or twice, thinking deeply. Our tired travellers passed Mr Daviss house, when he appeared at the front door. Hed been kept up with his hungry twins and was very surprised to see friends out at this late hour. 
Lawrences tired teacher had just been thinking about the empty parcel mum got last week. Mr Davis had been so busy lately hed only come up with an answer an hour ago. There wasnt time to explain about their amazing journey, because he told them to go straight home and double check their magic barriers before going to bed. They ran flat out across the fields to save time. Remember the Trojan horse Lawrence, he called through thickening fog. 
Back home they found mum missing. Lawrence knew shed never leave them alone at night, so something serious must have happened. 
After frantically searching their house for clues, they ended in the bedroom, looking up at suspiciously dull stars. Lucy caught sight of a dark, morphing shape shifting down the grass. It was Brandice May, meaning the evil witch must have kidnapped mum! In order for her magic to gain a foothold an evil gift had to be freely accepted into their home, which was exactly what had happened. That explained why all magical barriers had failed miserably. This was the worst thing to happen since all this mysterious business started. 
Lawrence and Lucy rushed outside, spying crooked footsteps leading down the lawn. Every few steps deeper marks stood out where a lame heel had dragged. Ah, Brandice was finally here in her body again. That was one good sign. Shed been injured somehow as well - they couldnt afford to lose this chance. 
Brandice peered from behind a tree, lighting up weakly. Laughing and cursing, she took off on a wild ride through the dark confusing woods. Only a short time later her deep black robes blended into the murky night. Darn it, theyd lost her! How frustrating. Even Lucys keen nose couldnt pick up her trail. 
Lawrence shouted out hopelessly in anger till mums weak voice drifted through the trees. 
Lawrence Im here, help! But where was she? Her urgent words grew fainter and whirled round inside their heads. Lawrence looked up, seeing Brandices weird, shady outline staring down at them. Before they could think she made off at high speed, giggling insanely. The horrible witch treated the nasty experience as some sort of twisted game. This could be an evil trick, but they had no choice other than to follow.
Chasing Brandices shadow sent them plunging through deep, swampy water and scrambling over high cliffs that Lawrence never even knew existed. In deep ravines giant boulders rained down on them, but neither gave up. Once she led them into deadly quicksand, disguised as ordinary soil. Luckily Lucy sensed the danger and carved a safe path over, before allowing Lawrence to follow her dainty steps. 
Finally, after covering a wide circle they arrived at Brandices cottage. Despite the dull, hazy light the terribly old building still looked amazing and very peaceful, till it flashed rhythmically, revealing the true ruins behind. 
I might have guessed shed head here, Lawrence said. Lucy chided herself as well. Around the clearing air grew cold, damp and lifeless. Only rumbling storm clouds far away broke the eerie silence. Without warning Brandice grabbed Lawrence from behind, spinning him round against a tree. This is where it all ends tonight! she screamed wildly. Before Lucy could help Brandice whisked him into the cottage. 
Lucy sprung onto the pulsing windowsill, hearing the evil witchs angry threats. Mum was in there too, sounding quite unwell  the poor thing. Lucy sneaked a look through a paper thin gap in the rotting curtains. Vicious imps made of oily black fire had pinned Lawrence in a corner, while Brandice ranted crazily in dozens of different voices. 
Shuffling over to where her cauldron used to sit, she pretended to stir vigorously. Fire crackled below her, sometimes shooting to the ceiling, where black tongues of flame formed in growing circles. Bigger, twisted shapes dropped silently to the floor, looming over the room. These frightening creatures were much different than imps and far more evil. Lucy shuddered, acting fast. 
Shed learnt a weak spell from Caspar, which took power from curiosity. Rather cleverly its real strength came from using a victims own magic against them. Lucy drew her claws down the window three times. Only Brandice heard it. Like a hungry fox drawn irresistibly to squeals of a distressed animal, the witch sprung over there, pressing her long slimy nose against the pane. Her ugly face stuck fast and started to wobbling and warping violently into shapes of evil creatures. More she struggled, more she stuck.
Lucy dashed round back, finding the tiny window jammed fast. Brandice had protected it using powerful magic, because it flickered so fast it blurred. Somersets last grand witch must have put all her power into this last act of madness. Of course the front door was also barricaded just as tightly.
In a terrible fit of anger Brandice broke free from the trap, forcing Lucy over the gate with a venomous blast. She burst outside, screaming wildly as Lucy rolled over and over. At the tiny gate Brandice became distracted at some strange far off noise, and her garden became enveloped by thick, menacing fog. In the confusion Brandice snuck back into the cottage, barricading herself in again. 
Lucy called for urgent help from Jasper and Lenora. Her special collar magnified her thoughts millions of times, though no answer came across the great vastness of time and space. All fell unusually quiet. Time passed incredibly slowly. Where were they? Theyd promised to join her by now. Nothing happened for a few long, precious minutes. Then, in the shifting shadows of the trees a strangely shaped face lit up dimly. 
Over here, this is our chance! Lucy purred quietly. But the figure didnt move. Lenora may be waiting for Jasper. Because he was a little eccentric, hed probably gone off track. A massive pile of leaves grew a distance behind Lucy. It bulged outwards, rose up, rustled loudly and two big round eyes lit up, which just stood there staring too. 
Now! an evil voice croaked viciously. 
In a flash Gretchen slid across the forest floor, leaving huge trails of burning debris piled up at the sides. You called? she mocked, bending down to slaver right into Lucys face. Others can hear your message as well, fool!
Your friends have been held up, so they sent us instead! Sally bellowed from the other side. Her massive belly heaved leaves up and down as she waddled closer. This was terrible news. With all three members of the Rooksbridge Coven here, things could turn disastrous. Like in the land of dream, the witches would try to unite their power. Lucy acted swiftly, tripping Sally up, feeling ground pound in pain at her great weight. Sally wallowed in the mud like a giant pig, snorting loudly while trying desperately to get up. 
Gretchen made a wild grab for Lucys collar, leaving her scrabbling in the mud too. Lucy flew high up the nearest tree, jumping down on her. Her jolt of defensive magic sent Gretchen into such a frenzy she almost pinned Sally against a tree using magical snaking rope. 
Sally went utterly wild then. Revenge was all that mattered to her now. Snapping a massive branch off with a mighty grunt, she flailed it about very close to Lucys head. Sallys magical touch meant the log learnt from Lucys moves. In seconds it grew extra branches to cut off possible escape. 
Meanwhile Gretchen set up an invisible trap between trees, which fat Sally herded Lucy towards. Lucy tried her best, but evil spells stopped her climbing trees above head height, and now fiery skulls and fat, bloated imps bore down on her from all directions.
Then an unnatural dullness lit the cottage, sending eerie shafts of green swarming out the chimney. Demonic screaming grew within, bulging the walls like horribly bloated toads. 
Inside sisters! Brandice screamed urgently, stopping their attacks dead. Ignoring Lucy, the witches turned towards the gate. Just what was going on in there?
Just in time Lenora arrived, stepping out a flash of purest white. Her fading body flickered and shone mysteriously, exploding all imps instantly. Gretchen and Sally advanced on her menacingly.
Leave, now, Lenora said calmly, standing perfectly still.
Hardly, Sally scoffed, swinging her mighty club dangerously and changing it to a wild snarling bush of poisonous thorns. 
Wheres your friend, the stupid old man? Gretchen cackled confidently. Lenora just shrugged. Yet when the arrogant witch saw through the magicians clenched fist she winced painfully, shooting a knowing look of terror at Sally. 
Brandice, flee! she hissed loudly, backing away in fear. 
We will meet again my sister! Sally coughed, bowing to the cottage. The two witches held hands, disappearing in smelly black mist.
Just then Jasper arrived between. Hed gone to Lawrences house first by mistake.
So sorry were late Lucy, weve only just returned from the Elder Council. Sometimes I think they talk too much, he confessed, floating into the clearing.
Later Jasper, we need to concentrate, Lenora said, nodding firmly at the flickering cottage.
Quite right friend. Thinks she can keep me out does she? I practised for these days for centuries. Well, theres only one way to make sure this time. Jasper glanced up at the night sky, watching it clear slowly. Noting the position of the moon and stars he raised his hands high, almost like trying to touch them. The wily fellow pointed at the cottage roof once, silently mouthing a powerful magical mantra. 
Something ancient stirred far off in the forest. Instantly it felt as if trees, air, plants - the whole countryside answered. Tremendous whooshes of hot air shot into the clearing, sucking the four elements into a weird column of dancing leaves. Powerful hums built quickly within, exploding outwards across the countryside. Instantly the tense atmosphere in the clearing froze, becoming so quiet and still even Lenora wasnt sure what to think. Jasper? she whispered, raising her eyebrows high.
Jasper didnt answer  his whirring mind was far away, listening carefully. The old magician smiled just before ground quaked and groaned. Inside the clearing sections of earth rose and fell, feeling looser beneath their feet. Small erupting pits of soil appeared, sending dust bubbles high into the air, drawing their gaze upwards where tiny specks of fizzing light rushed across the sky, lighting the moon an eerie yellow. Shapes strewn across its surface looked like shadowy outlines of strange new countries. Soon the whole sky was alight with magical moonbeams and dancing streaks of colour. Folk way off in the village saw the amazing sight too, thinking them unusually bright shooting stars.
How!? Lucy asked, in awe at the talented magicians great power.
Every world has at least one guardian spirit asleep far beneath the earth, till its truly needed.
So you woke it up? Lucy said, very impressed.
No, that was simply yours stirring in her dreams, Jasper said, watching trails of light rain down on the trees, setting the roofs thatch on fire and forming a sparkling circle round the clearing. Hundreds of tiny dots of black shot out from within the cottage, trying uselessly to smother it. 
Fooled her! See, her foolish imps have sacrificed themselves, Jasper cried, watching them burst apart. At exactly the same time the door disintegrated.
Out! Jasper commanded. Immediately a wriggling and very angry Brandice burst out, tethered to an invisible line binding her hands fast. Fiends! Release me! she shrieked, spinning round like a top and kicking out wildly. At the flashing gate invisible chains bound her legs tightly as well. 
In good time Miss May, you have terrible crimes to atone for, Lenora said firmly, opening her hands slowly to reveal a tiny pulsing crystal. It shot into the air, spinning round till it became naught but a blur. 
What...what are you going to do? Brandice croaked, trembling. Her precious cottage lay in ruins again. For the first time in four centuries the mighty Brandice May had been trussed up, stripped of evil magic and felt truly scared. 
Because tonight had drained him Lawrence still felt very tired and weak. Hed only just managed to carry mum outside so far, leaving Lucy to decide Brandices fate.
Lucy, we grant you the final decision. Her evil mind has affected your family the most, so its only fair, Lenora said wisely.
Lucy voted eagerly for plan b. Jasper thought it an excellent idea, admitting he expected no less from such a gifted spirit so full of life. Lenora nodded, smiling happily. Lucy, in terms of kindness, I shall always predict your choice. 
Lawrence, now youve used your gift I can tell you it can only be used once a year. Though each time it will do something entirely different, Jasper explained.
Good luck you two! Lenora cried happily.
Goodbye friends, Jasper smiled. Three figures faded into the background. Jasper and Lenora were gone, perhaps forever.
Not one of the tired family remembered making their way to the forest edges. Still, it was another thirty long minutes before they arrived home. Lawrence and Lucy made sure to tuck mum up safely in bed. 
Lawrence, you must tell me at once if anything like this happens again, promise. A mothers job is to help keep her family safe you know.
Dont worry mum, Brandice has gone for good, and Gretchen and Sally wont dare attack us now.
Goodnight you two, she gasped faintly, falling fast asleep. Lawrence and Lucy felt exactly the same, so went to bed too.
Lawrence knew hed eventually find out what happened to Brandice. For now he was happy to watch Lucy sleep. From her contented purrs he guessed his kind friend had made an excellent choice. Lawrence was right  Lucy was asleep far away, imagining the secret place her friends spoke so highly of. She felt glad knowing that -
Far across the bounds of time and space, further than the land of dream and further still beyond the world of light and shadow, lies the beautiful magical land of Ib. Floating in the centre of a vast and timeless ocean of mystical energy sits an isle of such great beauty and splendour, the blessed few who first heard tell thought it fable. 
Waves of energy nudge each other playfully, eager to be first to scale her gold dusted beaches, sparkling water scrambles up her talkative trees, and magical winds carve wispy trails between her cloud topped mountains. Even the sun and moon strive to linger longer amongst the mysterious atmosphere and peer down in wonder at her endless beauty.
This unique isles inhabitants known as Assai, are truly ancient creatures. Most probably these spirits were the very first to inhabit Ib countless aeons ago. Once thought common long before the Elder Council formed in earths galaxy, these first true mystics taught earth sages much through the wonderful gift of telepathy. Now long in retirement, only a lucky few glimpse a spirit of the noble Assai during ancient festivals, in rare, enchanting dreams or powerful magical visions. 
Rumoured to be particularly kind, tremendously gifted and extremely generous to those deemed worthy, these spirits use their infinite knowledge wisely; sending out warm spiritual waves to pierce the cosmos, so those without may glimpse a fraction of their learning. 
Because the Assai pass teaching in secret to but a chosen few, few truly know of their existence. Therefore fewer still know that on their heavenly island paradise there lies another. Sheltered from the rest, yet no less beautiful, this small, delicate isle floats quietly in the centre of a sparkling lake. Built of pure thoughts, it was once used by the wise and graceful Assai as a place of relaxation and learning. However, these enlightened spirits have no real need for it now, having learnt much of life and magic travelling the cosmos, communing with spirits of the universe and talking with the Gods.
And so now there dwells a pretty young girl, living in perfect bliss with her very elderly father. She suspects not that ancient magic far older than any mountains holds her there, for it is an exact copy of a world she left long ago. Of dark magic, revenge and previous lives she remembers naught, for her days are full of fun, friendship and spent casting spells to heal, teach and nurture.
When darkness falls, wonders of the day fade, allowing magic of the night to hold sway. Ghostly streams of energy flash through the meadows, shooting past homes, renewing the countryside and dancing gracefully amongst the trees. While villagers sleep peacefully, other stranger magic flits among them too, as the young magicians joy still runs freely. For in her enchanting dreams she roams their thoughts, creating powerful visions of light, of good, and of selflessness. 
And in the time that others truly sleep, this fledgling angel plans great deeds for the future. During these brief moments of blissful calm she yearns for the blessd morn, when trees bow in greeting and the whole world laughs, dances and plays under a golden and magical sun.

END

Thanks for reading!
Enjoyed The Legend of Brandice May?
Please email comments/questions to  glossyturnipstories@yahoo.co.uk  (Please name book in email title line, so I know it isnt pesky spam!)
Other stories in my current collection include:
The Phantom of Pilberry Place
Into The Light
Sir Ian Peters
All available as E books for PC and most E Readers.

