Copyright
Jayden & the Mysterious Mountain
Text Copyright  2013 by Katrina Cope
All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever.
This book is a work of fiction. Any references or suggestions herein to actual historical events, real people or actual locations are fictitious. All names, characterisations, locations, incidents, events and fabrications are solely the product of the authors imagination and any and all, resemblance to actual persons alive or dead or locations or events is entirely coincidental.
Cover design by DamonZa.com
Published by Katrina Cope at Smashwords
Smashwords Edition, Licence Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
THE SANCTUM SERIES
Book One
Jayden
& the
Mysterious Mountain
KATRINA COPE
To Nanna, for her continued love and guidance
- Chapter One -
The Stranger of Hope
It was a dark cold night. White clouds of fog filled the streets making it hard to see, even with the lights shining brightly from the windows and streetlights. Barely visible through the fog was the harsh straight line of the grey buildings. Rising from the road level to the front doors of the many apartments were the staircases both large and small, coarsely jutting out towards the road. This was typically characteristic of the streets of the city of Bowdon. The railings of the stairs were heavy with dripping dew from the chilliness of the misty night. Through the stillness came the sound of a rusty cough that seemed to be coming from the front wall of one of the apartments. A moment later, another cough was heard and this time it was apparent that it had come from the direction of a large pile of newspapers, in between the rubbish bins on the footpath. After further observation of that pile, the paper appeared to come to life as whatever lay beneath decided to change its pose, to a seemingly more comfortable position.
Jayden ruffled his own newspaper in an attempt to get warm. It was the atmosphere of these sorts of nights that had become familiar to Jayden. It now seemed like forever since he had slept in a warm bed under a permanent roof. The life he used to have about six months ago was now regrettably more like a dream that tormented him, reminding him of how things could have been in his life and what he believed would never again be a reality.
The flicker of a larger light caught the corner of his hazel eyes, as he lifted his head of messy, dirty brown hair above the newspapers. In doing this, he was able to watch as a tall, sandy haired man stepped out onto the street from his apartment. A blonde, friendly-faced woman accompanied him. She gave off a soft laugh as she smiled, as though she had found something rather amusing in what he had said to her. She reached back into the apartment to grab something she seemed to have forgotten. When she pulled her hand back out to the street, there was a young boy attached and he appeared to be about nine years old. The boy was well dressed in warm clothing and looked contented and relaxed in their company.
Watching the young family leaving their home reminded Jayden of when his own family had been together. There were times that Jayden could recall being happy like this young boy, although he also had many other memories, which were more like nightmares. He recalled how his dad after having too many drinks would quite often become enraged and bad tempered over the most trivial incidents or shortcomings. He would end up ranting in loud abuse, which was often followed by physically assaulting his family. Jayden remembered so many times when it was his mother who would be at the receiving end of this abuse, but if he happened to be in the wrong place at these times or if he tried to protect her, his dad would then turn on him. Jayden had to concoct every reason under the sun to explain the bruises and marks all over his body. The most difficult stories to invent were the ones he saved for when he had suffered from broken bones and had to be admitted to hospital.
His dad was not always like this. There was a time when he was a very loving dad, who went to work in the morning like most other dads and then came home to spend quality time with his family. All this changed, however, when the large company that he worked for collapsed. This occurred when the country went into a recession, which was likened to the Great Depression. Workers were all being put off, including Jayden's dad. Some of the people handled it quite well as everyone is different. But not my dad, Jayden thought. Initially, it was just a matter of watching what the family spent and making sure that they were not spending unnecessarily, but then there still wasnt enough money to pay the mortgage payments on their house. The Bank wanted to foreclose and sell the house only for the amount that his parents owed, even though it was worth a lot more. It broke his dads heart when the family ended up losing their home, so he started drinking and that was where it all changed.
I wonder where my parents are now, Jayden thought, but shuddered when the violent past again flicked back into his memory. Oh well! Come to think of it, I really dont want to find out. The reason he didnt know where they were was because one night when it all got too much, Jayden ran away and had no alternative but to live on the streets. Even though this was most undesirable and a very hard life to live, he did not want to return to the horrors of the past. I do wish I could find an easier way to live than this, he commented to himself.
He looked back across the street to the young family in time to see them drive away in their little sedan. I wonder where they are going tonight!
There was another cough from the pile of newspapers down the road. He watched the person underneath trying desperately to pull the newspapers together, in an effort to trap some warm air. A shiver ran down his spine because he could feel the air getting colder as the night set in, so he too started to adjust the papers around him for extra warmth. When he was satisfied that he had achieved the best possible outcome, even though he was still extremely uncomfortable and cold, he settled down in the hope that sleep would soon come. He watched the lights in the apartments flicker on and off in the different rooms. Trying to ignore his own harsh surroundings, he set his mind on more pleasant thoughts of the nice circumstances he imagined the people would be experiencing in those warm apartments. Slowly, after what must have been at least an hour, he felt sleep starting to take its hold and he drifted into unconsciousness.
Click! Scrape! Click! Scrape! Click! Scrape! Slowly Jaydens mind started to register that he was waking up and there was movement nearby even though his eyes did not want to open. Click! Scrape! Click! Scrape! It stopped! After a short pause, he heard a loud Arghh! and then the rustling of newspapers. Something had disturbed the man down the road. That did it! Jaydens eyes were now wide open and he looked down the street at the other homeless man to see what was happening. He noticed a man standing over him, holding what looked to be a cane that he used to jab him in the ribs. The man from underneath the papers let out a loud curse after his rude awakening, only to hear the man with the cane say, Oh sorry! I was looking for someone in particular and couldnt see your face. Here is some money for your next meal and for causing you this trouble. My apologies! After he handed him the money he walked away.
Click! Scrape! Click! Scrape! Jayden watched the man as he searched every dark spot he could find, as though he was specifically looking for something. He appeared to have a slight limp but still seemed to get around quite well. The man had Jayden puzzled. It was usual for someone to come out on the streets searching in every dark corner, especially looking for someone in particular among the homeless. Not only that, the man was alone. Jayden didnt know whether he should hide further away, or stay, but the idea of the man possibly giving him money for food enticed him to stay.
The thought of money for food reminded his stomach that it had been a long time since he had eaten a proper meal and it gave out a really big groan. The groan must have been heard because immediately the stranger looked across at him and changed his direction over towards him. Click! Scrape! Jayden waited patiently as the stranger approached. He acted as though he was still asleep at first, in the hope that the stranger might think he had been troubled as well and hopefully give him money too. After what seemed a long thirty seconds, the man was finally at Jaydens side. Son! Son! Jayden opened his eyes and looked at the man. He was wearing a business suit and his hair was slightly long, dark brown with flecks of grey. How old are you, son? Well that was not what he was expecting; that was for sure, but thinking again about money for food, Jayden answered him, Eleven.
He watched as a cloud of concern washed across the mans face. Wow! he said. You are too young to be out here all alone. Where are your parents?
I dont know and I really dont care! Life here is much safer than being at home with my family.
That sounds dreadful. Are you sure that it was really that bad? the man asked.
Without any hesitation Jayden answered, I am very sure. After at least ten trips to the hospital with serious injuries in two months and not enough good stories to explain how I got hurt, I am definitely sure.
What is your name?
Jayden.
My name is Avando, Jayden, and I am looking for some young people like you, in the hope that I can make a difference in their lives.
From experience he knew that most people shun the homeless as though they are scum and are only homeless because they deserve to be there.
How do you expect youd be able to help and why would you even want to help? Jayden asked with suspicion.
Well you see, I have done very well through business over the years and I have no one to share in my good fortune. So, I am looking for young people, like you, who I can hopefully provide with all the necessities of life such as food, clothing, shelter and a better way of life.
There must be a catch! Jayden said warily, knowing even at his age that nothing this good comes along without a catch. It could be considered though, that he was a lot more mature than a normal eleven year old because of all his recent life experiences.
Well, there is one catch, said the mystery man with the larger sized bumpy nose.
Oh! Here we go! Jayden said sarcastically rolling his eyes.
No! It is not as you may think. The man shook his head. The only catch I have is that you study at the college that I have especially set up for the unfortunate. In this college I have been providing the top teachers in the country to educate people like yourself, if you do decide to come. But, I do expect really good grades with a minimum of ninety percent pass rate, he stressed. So there will be a large amount of studying to be done. There is, however, another side to it; not only will I offer excellent education, but I will provide all your needs such as food, clothing and shelter. I dont see what you have to lose. Do you? 
Jayden thought for a minute. It did sound like a really good opportunity, especially when his stomach growled again reminding him of the food offer. What happens if I dont pass with ninety percent, as that really is a very high mark especially since I havent been to school for the last six months at least?
There will be tutors available to help you achieve this, so all it would take from you is your sincere effort.
But what if I dont pass? He had to know to weigh up the risks.
Then we would have to look for other accommodation for you. By all means, the choice is yours. I am merely offering a better alternative than your current living conditions.
Jaydens stomach growled again. Look! Ill give it a go.
Great! Then come with me.Avando indicated for him to get up with his hand by pulling his fingers towards him.
As he was getting up, Avando pulled out his mobile phone to make a call. Hello! Yes, Charlie! We have a new member. Can you please come and get us? We are three blocks east. Thank You! he said in a business tone and then ended the call.
They waited together not far from the place where Jayden had been found. It must have only been a couple of minutes before headlights shone down the street towards them. Slowly the car approached and slowed down to a stop. Jayden's mouth dropped open in disbelief; not only was it a nice car, but it was a black limousine. Wow! I have never been in one of these before and until just a few minutes ago, I thought I would never even touch one, let alone get a ride in one.
Avando smiled. Well my son! You are about to have one of your disbeliefs turned into reality. Hopefully, it will be the first of many doubts in your mind that will become a certainty.
Jayden thought it a little strange that Avando called him son but then again, life had been so tough lately that it was nice to have someone show him they cared and called him family. When the car had stopped in front of them, the driver jumped out quickly and moved hastily to their side of the car. He was an elderly man who, Jayden guessed, would be about sixty years of age with short, grey hair and faded blue eyes. The man was of medium build and although he had a small potbelly hanging over the top of his pants, he was far from being overweight. He was wearing ordinary casual clothes of blue jeans and a black cardigan, with sneakers on his feet. This was not what Jayden was expecting a chauffeur to wear. He looked at Jayden under the light, allowing him to clearly see the wrinkles that had formed over the years on his weathered face. There were many deep lines revealing a life that had been anything but easy; however, when he focused on Jayden he smiled a sincere welcoming smile that showed other signs of many happier times as well.
Hello! Who do we have here? he asked Jayden.
Jayden! He replied to the man.
Its good to have you join us, Jayden. He continued smiling at him, Im Charlie! Youll see a fair bit of me around in the future. Im pretty much the general handyman, doing a bit of everything, he informed him as he was opening the passenger door to the large compartment in the back of the limousine.
When the door was completely open, Avando indicated for Jayden to enter, You first! he said.
Jayden stuck his head inside. When he saw the internal light shine on the immaculately polished tan leather seats, his mouth dropped open wider, though he didnt think that could be possible. He made his way to the back of the limousine, still hesitant as he was feeling more and more as though it was all an unbelievable dream. He sat down and looked around expectantly for Avando to follow. Avando slowly climbed in and sat on the opposite side of the back seat near Jayden and settled back for the drive. In the meantime, Charlie had closed their door and climbed back into the drivers seat. Avando said, Drive please, Charlie. In acknowledgement, Charlie looked in the cars rear-view mirror and nodded before he drove away.
You must be thirsty Jayden?
Yeah I am. But Im more hungry than anything.
I dont have any food in here, although I will get you some, but for now I can offer you a drink. What would you like? Avando pressed a single button and from out of nowhere in the side of the limousine appeared a little open fridge stocked with all sorts of soft drinks, juice and all kinds of flavoured milks. However, Avando said, it is a little cold out there. Perhaps you would prefer something warm to drink. Just press that little button within your reach in front of you. Jayden pressed it and the door slid back, showing another hidden compartment, this time revealing a vending machine with a selection of hot chocolate, tea, coffee and just plain warm milk. Again, Jaydens mouth dropped open in awe of the readily available treats requiring little or no effort.
I think I would prefer something warm, he said after he had recovered from the shock. Could I have some hot chocolate please?
Yes certainly! Avando said laughing at Jaydens reaction. Just press that other little compartment beside you and in there you should find a good sized mug.
There, confirming what Avando had said, was the biggest mug Jayden had ever seen. He picked it up and placed it under the nozzle labelled Hot Chocolate and pulled the lever. When his cup was nearly full, he let the lever go and out rolled five fresh marshmallows from the little hole next to the lever. Wow! I dont believe it. Everything has been thought of, well almost, just not the food.
Actually, I have just remembered. Press that little compartment next to the hot milk. There should be a couple of small travel packets of biscuits in there.
Jayden, being so hungry, eagerly followed the instruction. Ahh! So there is food! Not much, but I thought it was very strange that you didnt have any when you seemed to have everything in the vehicle.
Since you have a little something to fill your stomach for now, could you tell me if you have, or know of, any friends about your age, who are living on the streets as well?
Come to think of it, I do! Jayden exclaimed. I didnt always hang around them, but we probably would see each other about once a week. It has been about a week now since I have seen them. I wouldnt think anything has changed since then.
Thats odd.
What is? Jayden frowned.
Well, I would have thought that young people on the street would group together. With all of the dangers and the lonely tough life you live out there, why werent you all sticking together?
Yeah, well, I tried. But the others started doing weird things that just didnt sit right with me, so I stayed away from them most of the time.
Avando frowned. Like what?
Jayden looked embarrassed and began to squirm in his seat, as though he was trying to disappear into the comfy, generous layers of the leather. He really didnt want to dob his friends in because he knew they were in a bad place. They were doing what people would see as nasty things, even though he was fairly sure that they only did these things because life was hard on the streets and sometimes people had to do whatever it took to survive.
Avando repeated himself, Like what, Jayden? You can tell me.
Well, he replied hesitantly, They started doing really bad things.
Being?
I know what they were doing was really bad,  but in a way, I could understand  as life on the street is really tough. Even though I also found it tough, I really didnt want to live the way they were starting to live. He stammered the words out, trying extra hard to convince Avando.
Its great that you were strong like that, but you still havent told me what they were doing. I will not criticise them; I just want to know before I go and possibly offer them a place with me and the college.
Well, Jayden said still hesitantly but he was feeling more comfortable now. At first they were trying, like me, to find enough food to get by. But then after a while, when the reality of life on the streets set in, one of the boys called Ben came across an older guy who said he could help take away the pain of living homeless. He gave Ben a small tablet and told him that ecstasy would be his very shortly. Ben took the tablet in the hope that it would make him happy again. Well he was for a short period of time, but afterwards it wore off. Attempting to try and cure all his sadness, he went searching for the guy again, to see if he could get some more tablets. The guy gave him another one, but said from now on he was going to have to pay for them. Ben once again had his high and again it wore off. Looking for a further supply, Ben searched for the older boy who told him now, I said last time that you have to pay for them from now on. Well, Ben was distraught. His hunger was no longer his main priority now; getting another tablet was. From then on, he started to do all sorts of bad things just to get money, including stealing handbags from old ladies. He did this until his addiction got worse and then he started to mug people in the alleyways for their cash and valuables, break into houses and pawn the stolen goods for money.
Dependency on drugs can really change you. So what did the others do that was so bad?
Taylor and Declan found Bens stash and decided to try it just for fun.
Didnt they see what it did to Ben? Avando asked.
This was before Ben got really bad with his dependency, and they hadnt seen all of the early stages of the bad things he was doing to get the drugs. When they tried the tablets they felt so good and Taylor wanted to impress Jessica 'cause he had a crush on her. She tried it too, which then started a vicious circle with them, as well. The only difference was that Jessica preferred not to mug people, so when there wasnt enough money coming in to keep up the tablet supply, Jessica started to sell her herself to anyone who would take it. I dont think that they wanted to take the tablets anymore, but they were so hooked on them that they couldnt get off them without help.
Oh My! How old are your friends? asked Avando, not being critical but saddened by the desperation of street life.
I think most are twelve, but Taylor is thirteen.
Where do they hang out?
They are about five blocks from where I was on Delton St, but I wouldnt be pulling up to find them in this car, let alone walking to search the shadows.
Ignoring Jaydens warnings, Avando pressed the intercom button, Charlie! Delton St, please, and released the button.
Yes boss! replied Charlie over the intercom.
Look, it is really not a good idea that you go there in this car and you obviously need a cane to walk. So I really would not recommend you going there unless you have protection, he stressed. Do you have anyone you can maybe pick up on the way? 
Ill be fine Jayden, he replied in a matter of fact tone, but Jayden was still not convinced. He started to look panicked now that the person who was about to give him good food and shelter was also about to be really badly hurt and maybe even hospitalised.
No, really, he sounded desperate now. Dont go! Unless you have some protection. Seeing Avando was sticking to his decision against his better judgment, he thought, Gawh! This guy must be mad in the head, yet how did he make it big in the business world! Jayden's brain ticked over trying to think how to get Avando to change his mind when suddenly he thought of a solution. I know! They wont attack me, or try to mug me in their alley because they know me and know that I dont have any money. Ill go and speak to them for you. He was feeling a little bit more positive now.
Thanks for your offer. I can see your point; however, I would rather do it and see for myself what kind of life they lead. Jaydens mouth dropped open in the shape of a large oval and he looked across at what he thought must have been a dead set nutter sitting almost next to him.
Are you mad? He couldnt hold it in any longer. Did you not listen to the story I just told you about them and how they mug in the alleys to get valuables and money, which you obviously have. You have a target placed on your head. Walking or driving in, you will be noticed.
Really, I will be fine. Just wait and see. Avando responded undisturbed.
Jayden slumped his shoulders in defeat. Well, thanks for thinking of me and all. It was good to know that someone was willing to help. It is just a shame that for me it wont be lasting long. He let out a big sigh.
Dont go all melodramatic on me. Honestly, Ill be fine. Just relax. Avando smiled reassuringly at him.
Jayden remained in his sulky mood and looked out the tinted windows to the street and noticed that the destined street was getting closer. He sighed again. Ill be back to my old cold street again soon and without a proper meal. How depressing! he thought.
As the car turned a corner, he looked up to see the street sign with the words Delton St written on it. Here we go, he thought. The car started to pull over when they first entered the street.
Are you sure I cannot go for you? Jayden asked again in hope. 
Im sure and again, dont worry about me. Ill be fine. He opened the car door and climbed out. Jayden cringed as he watched him slowly limp down the street, looking again into the dark shadows.

- Chapter Two -
Dont Judge Books by Their Cover
Jayden stared into the darkness of the street called Delton Street. He knew this street well, but tonight he felt anxious. He knew Avando told him not to worry and that he would be fine, but he was not comforted by these words. He had seen these kids in action. They may only be young teens, but now they each had a whole new personality, because desperation had become the driving force to support their drug habit.
Five minutes had passed since he had seen Avando. He started tapping his foot. The tapping must have started to get really loud, because Charlie asked him to keep it down and relax. Ten minutes passed. Something he saw caught his eye. He glanced over quickly to have a better look, only to be disappointed. It was only an owl flying up from the road to the rooftops. He started to chew his nails, while he still waited. Fifteen minutes. He looked harder down into the dark street, craning his neck to see any movement in the shadows. Nothing! Arrghh! He started to undo his seatbelt. 
Relax, kid. Seriously, hell be fine, Charlie confirmed.
Twenty minutes had passed and still no sign. I cant stand this anymore Charlie, Im gonna find him and see if I can help. They wont do anything to me, cause they know me. With that said Jayden was out of the car. He walked quickly down the first part of the street as it was well lit by streetlights, but slowed down when it started to get darker. He looked into all of the shadows expecting to see Avando sprawled out on the ground in some dark corner, unconscious and beaten, with all his valuables taken and penniless, but he did not find him. This is a long street, Jayden told himself, and there are plenty of other dark places further up where Avando could be lying. 
He pushed on forward. The cold air was starting to get to him now he was out of the car, so he pulled his raggedy, old clothes more tightly around him. There was a light patch just up ahead. He studied the immediate dark patches and walked faster through the lighter areas, looking quickly into the shadows. There was still no sign of him. I hope they havent dragged him off up some side alley, he thought. At the moment though, all he could do was continue on as fast as possible. 
A car pulled up down the street and its headlights lit up the path further ahead. Jayden thought, in the brief flash of light, that he saw a slightly limping figure way up ahead. He started to walk even faster now, still looking in the shadows in case his eyes had tricked him. Faster! Faster, he went. Again there was another patch of light where the streetlights lit up the road. This time Jayden was sure it was Avando up ahead. He started to run towards the limping figure, glad that he hadnt found his old friends yet. I should have come with him in the first place, he thought. Charlie and Avando are seriously mad to think that he is safe on his own. Avando didnt even get very far in the twenty minutes he had gone ahead of me.
Jayden was then overcome with horror. He was still quite at a distance from Avando, but he could see him fairly clearly now. He could also see three people who looked to be males, circling around Avando, closing in on him, with a fourth person with long, blonde matted hair, hovering around hesitantly in the background. From the silhouette of their body shapes, Jayden came to the conclusion that they were Ben, Taylor, Declan and Jessica.
Jayden started to sprint. Hey guys! he yelled, hoping they would hear in time. Hey guys! he yelled louder, but they didnt appear to hear him. He was still sprinting as fast as he could manage, but it wasnt fast enough. He saw the stance of his friends become aggressive. He was so close to being out of breath, but he still pressed on. Not too much further, he told himself. He saw one of his friends get really close. He was of a slightly stockier build, similar to that of a thug, with dark matted hair. Jayden thought it was Ben and then recognised for sure that it was, when he took a swipe at Avando. Oh no! Jayden thought. Theyre going to hurt him before I can even get to him. 
What happened next stopped Jayden in his tracks. He saw with his own eyes Avando defensively block Bens attack with his walking stick. Whoa! thought Jayden; that was a really quick defence from an old bloke with a cane. He went back to running, even though the first attack had been surprisingly fended off well, he was not going to risk it. There were four of them and Avando was terribly alone. He watched Bens posture transform from a shocked position after Avandos quick defence into annoyance and then into more aggression. Next he saw Taylor, who was of a slightly larger build than Ben, get more involved and ready to attack, either together with Ben or separately. Watching Taylor brush the tangled and dirty mousey-brown hair from his eyes getting ready to attack set Jayden on edge with concern.
Taylor jumped out to get a good grip on Avando in a big bear hug from behind, while Ben was stepping in to attack from the front. The teenagers were in shock as this semi cripple pushed out with his constricted arms and ducked, while Taylors arms were weaker around him. He then elbowed him in the ribs, which immediately made Taylor let go. Avando then twisted out of his loose semi-circular grip, turned and did a sidekick into Bens stomach. This sent Ben flying backwards while clutching his stomach in pain.
Seeing this, Jayden slowed again but still kept walking steadily towards Avando and his friends. Jayden had more confidence in him now and it was only then that he understood why they had told him not to worry. He watched amused, as his drug-reliant friends were still too busy trying to get some of Avandos money or possessions for their next fix, rather than come to the realisation that this man was more than capable of fighting them off.
Three guys could be a challenge though. Seeing his two friends fail, Declan decided to help them out. He positioned his thin, medium built body in attack mode, close to Avando, but not close enough to attempt to attack by himself. Flicking the dirt-streaked blonde fringe from his eyes, he stood ready and waited for his friends to regroup. Ben was back on his feet now and they were closing in on Avando from all sides. Avando was in the middle looking ready and extremely calm considering the position he was in. Ben went behind Avandos back this time and grabbed his shoulders to try and hold him in place while the others attacked. He had a firm grip on him but that didnt stop Avando. Avando spun around to the right. He raised his right arm, which was the first arm in the spinning direction and flipped it over Bens double outstretched arms. He wrapped them together with the arm over the top and curled under, punching Ben with his free left hand straight up into his armpits, disabling Bens right arm.
Seeing his friend defeated, Declan charged in to defend him and attempted to take Avando down, letting out a loud growl at the same time. Before his eye could register, Avando did a double front kick with his good leg, one to his stomach and the other to his jaw, while bracing the ground with his bad leg and cane. This sent Declan flying backwards, clutching at his wounded areas. It was then that they all heard the sound of metal against metal. Jayden was now very close and when he looked in the direction of that sound, he saw a gleaming silver flick knife in Taylors hand. NOOO! Jayden called out, but Taylor didnt listen.
Jayden watched in horror as he saw Taylor charge at Avando, with the knife held high in his right hand in a stabbing position above his head. He thought Avando was gone for sure now, but as soon as Taylor was within striking distance, Avando raised his arms and upper blocked Taylors hand that was holding the knife. Avando continued on with movements so quick to Jayden that they didnt even register in his thought process.
Before Jayden could blink, Avando had tripped Taylor backwards at a fast speed, managing to avoid the knife the whole time. Jayden continued to watch as Taylors body froze as he embraced himself for the inevitable fall and thump to his back and head. This caused him to drop the knife from the sheer force of the impact. Avando loosened his arms that were entwined in Taylors and picked up the knife. 
Now! Have you boys quite finished? he asked, barely out of breath. Are you willing to listen to me now? I can actually offer you more than a quick fix from the drugs you may have had, or perhaps the meagre amount of food that you might have received by robbing me. Thats if you could have succeeded at all and judging by that puny performance, you wouldn't even have been capable of doing that. He looked at them all still lying on the ground feeling sorry for themselves. They were not badly beaten, but their pride was hurt because they knew that they had no hope of beating this old man, even though he was a semi cripple. I did tell you that you didnt have a chance against me, but you wouldnt listen. He glanced at Jayden and smiled, Even the one who was just worried about your safety, didnt listen. Jayden looked half embarrassed but smiled sheepishly back.
Whatd an old man wanna say to us thatd make a difference? An whyd he even wanna say anythink at all? spat Ben defiantly. Ive been on these streets for over a year and no one wants te speak te us, no one wants te help us, no one 'as shown any care. So whyd ya wanna be any different?
I understand that you have had a tough life. I understand that people have shown you no care or attention in the past, but as I have already explained to Jayden, I have done well over the years and have had no one with whom to share my success. I have no family or children and because of this, my wish is to find some young people like you, who I can help.
Listening intently to the conversation, Jessica had slowly moved in towards the group. Her dull, blue eyes surveyed the newcomer with suspicion written all over her dirty, pale face. Oh yeah! An wha do ya xpect back? A few special favours I spose? she questioned mockingly as she did her little street dance that she normally performed for her potential clients.
No, nothing like that, but I do expect you to earn it!
Oh, great! Taylor added, hes gonna sell us as child labour an well probably work in some of em sweat shops, weve heard bout.
No, actually, besides providing for your food, clothing, shelter and of course in your case, detox, I will also provide you with a top quality education, with the best teachers and tutors available. In return, all that I ask is for you to achieve a ninety percent pass mark.
Ha? Are ya kiddin yself? Do we look like brain scientists te ya? If were smart enough te pass at much at some fancy school, do ye really think that wed ave ended up out ere? scoffed Declan.
Young man, just because you are living on the streets does not make you stupid, only unfortunate. Now as for your education, to enable you to get those sorts of marks, I would be providing you with the best tutors, who will devote their time to you, to make sure you pass. With the quality of help I will provide, your marks should only reflect the amount of effort you make, or the lack of it.
Im still not sold! It sounds like youre spreadin lost hope an tormentin kids like us, spat Ben angrily.
Why? Are you scared? Avando mocked him light-heartedly. What do you have to lose? Where is the harm in giving it a go?
The harm is teasin us with betta surroundins, an then if we fail, wed be shoved back on th streets. Thats where the harm is.
You wont be put back on the streets if I can help it, said Avando. I would be looking for other accommodation for you if it came to that. Where as on the other hand, you could be getting a world-class education for free. This should help you to live a better life and take advantage of excellent opportunities in the future.
Im going with him, guys, stated Jayden. Im sick of always being hungry, cold and smelly, dressed in rags and getting filthy looks from passersby, who dont know or care about the reason why Im on the streets in the first place. I think it is well and truly worth trying to study really hard and in return be looked after.
If its really true, then I wanna go, offered Jessica. Im really sick of livin like this. Theres gotta be a betta way o life, an seein its offered, I wanna take it.
Taylor, Ben, and Declan looked at each other questioningly. They were still getting over the fact that they had been beaten by an old, half-crippled man and now this? It all seemed to be some bizarre dream that they would be waking up from any time soon. It was then that Declan piped up, Ive gotta be dreamin! Can someone pinch me te make sure?
What? And the flogging you just got isnt enough? Jayden reminded them.
Yeah! Youre right. So, old man Ben started saying.
Avando interrupted, Avando! Young man. My name is Avando. What is yours?
Ben.
Avando indicated to Taylor with a questioning look on his face, so he also said his name, Taylor.
He then indicated to Declan and said, So you must be Declan and, he pointed to Jessica, Jessica. The group nodded in agreement. Now that we have finally been properly introduced, what was your question Ben?
Oh yeah! Right! So if we do come with ya, will ye also school us to move like that in a fight?
Yes I will...
Yes!!!! Ben exclaimed, overcome with excitement.
Avando gave Ben a cautioning look before saying, provided you dont use it for fighting innocent people, or robbing them.
Nah! Ill just use it to kick bad asses, he said, emphasising the last part. With that everyone gave out a little laugh.
Well then! If you have all decided to come along and join me, perhaps we should start helping each other up and getting back to the car so that we can get you all comfortable.
Sounds good to me, Jayden agreed, extra keen now for that meal. Can we eat soon?
Oh, yes, please! the other four said in unison.
Of course! Of course! Avando then got on his mobile again and called Charlie. Hi Charlie! Can you come and get us, please?...Yes, Jaydens here too. Thank you.
It was just over a minute before headlights were seen coming from down the street towards the group. As the limousine slowed down to a stop, Ben let out a whistle. Thats a nice ride.
Charlie hopped out of the car and opened the back door. So dont just stand there, get in. This is our ride, Avando said to them.
Imagine the gawks when people see five street kids, dirty an in rags, gettin out of this baby, laughed Declan, who was quite tickled by the image of peoples faces that he snorted.
With surprise all over each of the childrens faces, the group of young teens climbed into the limousine, followed by Jayden and Avando. Avando then proceeded to offer the group the same drinks that he had offered Jayden. This time though, Jayden had fun watching their reactions with a big knowing smile on his face.
Right Charlie! Lets find the first burger place we can and get this hungry group fed. Avando said casually over the intercom. Charlies response, however, was not heard, because there was a significant combined, Hurray! from the majority of the occupants of the car.
- Chapter Three -
The Sanctum
Burrrup!!! Ben bellowed out. Ahh!! Thats betta! I cant rmemba the last time I ave felt so full.
Taylor responded with a big fart that had everyone ducking for cover and opening the windows of the limousine.
Seriously guys! stated Jayden with tears starting to well up in his eyes from the smell. I know we come from the street an all, but you could show some kinda manners or restraint in front of the person who has just fed us, and is considering taking us into his college.
They all looked at Avando anticipating that he was going to be upset. Instead, they were met with the exact opposite expression on his face. Avando briefly studied their faces through his tear-stung eyes and cracked up laughing. Seriously! Do you really expect that I would be upset with charm like that? The teens relaxed again. After regaining some normal air, he continued in a more serious manner, I will be upset though if it affects your school work. 
They all lay back in their seats feeling quite bloated, but at the same time content, and looked out into the darkness beyond the lights of the street. After a little while, the housing started to appear less and less, being more spread out, and the lights were becoming fewer and far between. It was then that Jessica piped up. Where xactly are we goin? I woulda thought that a college would be in the middle of the city.
Normally they would be, replied Avando, but as you and every other student live there at the college, it does not need to be close to the houses.
How many students are there? Declan asked, "an' whatre their backgrounds? Do they come from th' street like us?
There are approximately one hundred students at the college and yes all of them are from the streets, with nowhere else to go. So you will be no different from the other students in terms of financial hardship. As for where we are going, the college sits in the middle of the mountains like a little sanctuary. It is peaceful and beautiful and very well protected.
Sounds lovely! said Jessica.
It is my dear, it is, replied Avando with love showing in his eyes at the thought of the college. However, it is a really long drive and it is now almost midnight. So I suggest that if you can, try and get some sleep before we get there, as it will be a really big day for you tomorrow.
With thoughts and images of what seemed like heaven swirling around in their heads, together with their full stomachs and the secure warmth enveloping them, the five preteens relaxed further back into their tan leather chairs and started to nod off to sleep. After what seemed like only a short time, Jayden started to wake up because of the slowing down of the limousine. He opened his eyes to find that they were no longer in the dark, but in the very well lit inside of what appeared to be a large warehouse. Inside this warehouse was a school bus, a small plane, a helicopter and some strange looking vehicles. Jayden couldnt tell what they were as he had never seen anything like them before. He looked around at the other passengers in the limousine to see all of them starting to stir as they too sensed the change in their surroundings. Avando started to move to the edge of his seat while looking out the window. Looks as though we are here! Welcome to The Sanctum! he said. The movement among the teens became more hurried with excitement when they knew they were finally there.
What is this place? asked Declan.
I guess you could call this our garage, replied Avando. This is where we park all of our transport vehicles.
What are those things over there? asked Taylor pointing at the odd looking machines Jayden had seen earlier.
They are a few of the inventions of the students and professors from the college, replied Avando.
You mean that we will learn to make those? asked Taylor in awe.
You sure will, or at least something similar, responded Avando.
Seriously? piped up Declan.
Avando nodded.
Ya gotta be kiddin' me! stated Taylor.
No! If you put the effort in and learn as much as you can, you too will learn to make and work these machines and others. The five preteens gasped at once. They were in awe of the idea of having such a wonderful opportunity and the possibility of being able to partake in something this honourable.
Can we ave a closer gawk now? asked Declan, Pleeease! he said pleadingly.
Charlie came around and opened the door, and they all piled out of the car.
No! Not now. You all need to be shown to your rooms and have a shower first, not that I am trying to be rude, Avando said with a little smile on his face, but you all really do smell and look awfully dirty. Then you need to get as much sleep as possible before your big day tomorrow, when you will be shown around the college. Tonight you boys will sleep in one room and Jessica in another. You will sleep tonight in a temporary room so that you dont all wake the rest of the students, but tomorrow after we show you around, you will be given different rooms. You four, he said pointing to Jessica, Declan, Taylor and Ben, will be starting detox to get all those horrible, nasty drugs out of your systems. Jayden, on the other hand, will be shown to his new room and introduced to his roommates, but for now follow me.
Charlie closed the door of the limousine and followed along to help ensure that the teens were settled in ready for the night. They walked to the nearest double door and Charlie opened it for them all to go through. Beyond the double doors was a breathtakingly beautiful undercover courtyard that was easily the size of half a football field. The floor was covered with pale marble tiles. In different areas of the open space, there were raised garden beds with matching pale park bench-tops, which framed the healthiest plants they had ever seen. From this beautiful courtyard were four identical stairwells in each corner of the room going up to the next level of the building. The railings along these stairs and balconies were made of the same colour marble. Behind and underneath the railings along the balconies were a combination of corridors and rooms.
The silence amongst the teens as they were trying to take it all in was deafening, but the looks on their faces said it all.
Wow! exclaimed Taylor. Are you sure that we pulled up at the right place, or did we just crash on the way here and we somehow ended up in heaven?
Charlie chuckled. He loved seeing the faces and reactions of the teens when they first arrived at the college. Avando smiled in agreement and replied, This here is the common room and yes, this is the right place. We are certainly still alive, or else I wouldnt be bothering with this cane anymore.
Ben scoffed, Ye dont need that cane anyway wit the way ye can look afta yeself when it comes te a fight an all.
Secon that! agreed Taylor giving his bruises a rub.
The guest rooms are over this way, Avando motioned with his arm towards the right. They walked across the expansive common room to the corridors on the right side of the lower level and followed the corridors for quite a while past many doors. Finally they came to a quiet area, small in comparison to the size of the rest of the place that they had seen, but the room was still the size of an ample living room. Inside the room were some really generous, dark brown leather lounges facing a wall-sized television screen. On the floor was an expansive emerald green shag pile rug. There was a full glass wall to one side, the colour of the night sky. Because it was night it remained a mystery as to what was on the other side of the glass. On the opposite side of this, there was a marble bench top with a computer screen embedded into the wall above and a small slot underneath, with speakers at the side. Next to this again was a cupboard in the wall, about the size of a large computer screen.
Thats a strange place te ave a computa, stated Declan. Do people work in ere? It looks more like a place for relaxin.
It is a place for relaxing, replied Avando. This computer is linked to the main computer and is used for any requests. They all looked at him with puzzled expressions. Here! Let me show you. He walked over to the computer and simply said, Scarlet! Menu, please.
The computer turned itself on and there, displayed on its screen, was a list of items available. Could I have five hot chocolates please? He then turned to the teens, You will not get main meals from here, only snacks and drinks. For your main meals, you are expected to be in the dining room.
That seems fair. Dont you have to use a keyboard for the computer? asked Jayden.
No, replied Avando, but there is one available, in case you do have to over-ride it.
From what Ive heard bout computers, thats a lot of the time, added Jessica.
Actually, my dear, our computer very rarely plays up as it is one of the best in existence. I think you will find that the computer, which we call Scarlet, also has a sense of humour and loves to use it from time to time, especially if she thinks you are trying to trick her.
So where is the keyboard in case we need it? asked Jayden.
Its in that little slot underneath the computer screen. Avando pressed the slot and it slid out towards them. This, however, is mainly for the computers programmer.
Ting! Ahh! That will be the hot chocolates. Charlie walked in and opened the cupboard door. There, sitting neatly on a tray, were five hot chocolates topped with marshmallows. He handed them out one by one to the teens. Now these children must be exhausted Avando, lets show them to their rooms so that they can get some sleep.
Good idea. Then we might get a little sleep as well, Avando agreed.
Right little Miss! Charlie said looking at Jessica. Your room for tonight is this one on the left, he pointed towards a closed door. Since it is a guest room, you have your own en suite. You do remember how to use a shower, dont you?
Yes of course I do. There are some things ye dont ever forget. I would dream bout usin one every night, she confirmed.
Thats good. Now you boys are over to your right. He showed them by indicating with his right hand to another closed door. You also have an en suite in your room; however, you will all have to share, but being boys that shouldnt be a problem. Now do you boys remember how to use a shower?
Im sure well be fine, replied Taylor.
Good. There will be a set of fresh clothes and pyjamas, in different sizes, in the cupboard in your room. They are not exciting but they are clean and new. If you have any major problems, Scarlet the computer can help, or if you really need Avando or myself, then Scarlet can contact us.
Now then, stated Avando, finish your hot chocolates quickly and get yourselves cleaned up for a good nights sleep. Were both going now, though we will see you again later in daylight hours. Good night!
Good night Avando! they said in unison, Good night Charlie!
Thanks for bringing us here, added Jayden.
You are most welcome, replied Avando. If you put in the effort, you will be here for many more years to come. Now get some sleep.
Can you believe that this is true? Taylor asked the others after Avando and Charlie had left.
Are ya kiddin'? replied Declan, me left arm is covered in bruises jus from mself. Ive been pinchin' it all night to rmind mself that this aint a dream. He held out his arm to reveal all the red marks.
Wow! Ya really ave been busy, remarked Taylor. Are ya convinced? Or maybe this will help ya. Taylor gave him a playful slap on the back of Declans head, to which Declan responded by taking Taylor on, in a playful scuffle on the floor.
Come on ye two. The last thing we need on our first night is te break somethin, Jessica reprimanded them.
Awh! Ya such a party poopa Jess. Jessica gave them the look that many males receive from females. Alright then, replied Taylor as they both started getting up with cheeky smirks on their faces.
Jessica started to stretch and gave out a big yawn. Well, Im gonna get clean for a change and try out this new room. Goodnight boys!
Yeah! I think Im gonna try out ours too and be the first one to use the shower in our room. Jayden set down his empty cup on the bench and walked into the room allocated to the boys for the night. 
The room was quite cosy but at the same time ample enough to move around without bumping into anything. On one side, there were four beds positioned in a bunk arrangement, equipped with fluffy doonas and two pillows for each bed. The colour of the bedding was a strong masculine blue against a contrasting chocolate brown carpet. The walls were sandstone white, with one wall consisting of dark glass as it did in the guest lounge room, but this time the glass went right up into the ceiling as well. The light was on, so all that Jayden could see in the glass was a glimpse of his own reflection. 
On the other side was a wardrobe which had, as promised, the clothes for each of them, and to the right of this was the entrance to their en suite. Jayden followed the light into the bathroom and once more was astonished by the class and quality of the fittings. The bathroom had the marble floor tiles and bench tops, complete with a deep spa bath fitted with a large showerhead and double basins. There were four huge, dark blue, fluffy towels hanging on the towel rack ready for use. I cant believe that they have gone to this expense for a bunch of homeless kids, he remarked to himself. He found some pyjamas that looked to be his size. Then had a nice warm shower. It felt weird but strangely comforting to have his skin and hair clean once again. He looked through the drawers and cupboards and found toothbrushes, along with toothpaste, and for the first time in over half a year, began to brush his teeth. 
Jayden was just coming out of the bathroom as the other boys were coming into the room. Who th' heck re you? mocked Ben, taking one look at Jayden. Ya dont scrub up alf bad.
Tell you what, it does feel a whole lot better, Jayden said as he took a couple of exaggerated breaths in through his nose. Ya know what? he screwed up his nose, they really werent exaggeratin over the whole stinkin thing. He gave out a half choked chuckle.
Yeah! All right, pretty boy! Were gonna fix at now. Taylor responded. 
One after the other they grabbed their clothes and headed off to the bathroom, while Jayden started to look at which bed he thought he would prefer. He decided that the top one looked good, especially because of the glass ceiling. He climbed up and pulled the covers back enough to crawl in. He lay on his back between the sheets, with his head on the pillow, and let the mattress soak up all of the aches and pains from his body, the result of his rough life on the streets. He took another look around the room, capturing everything in his mind while the light was still on, in case he woke up in the morning and found it really had all been just a dream. He then lay flat on his back and remained staring at the glass ceiling, wondering what the view was going to be behind the glass. 
It was only a few more minutes until the other boys had finished cleaning up, before they too were sorting out which beds they preferred. Once this was done Ben turned off the light, allowing the view beyond the ceiling to reveal itself. Jayden again gaped in wonder as the majestic moon and stars appeared above him in the night sky in the clearest form he had ever seen. They were free to glow brightly as there were no streetlights to detract from their shining beauty. While he was taking in all this splendour, his eyes slowly closed and he fell into the deepest sleep he had managed to have in a long time.
~~~~~
The fresh morning air was crisp and full of life. The birds had begun singing their good mornings to the world, welcoming in the beginning of a brand new day. The sun had just peeked over the horizon. Aaron took a deep breath. The air is so clear up here, he thought. He had finished his half hour jog and was about to start his Tae Kwon Do practice. It was approximately five thirty in the morning. The rest of the students were more than likely still asleep. He had never been a great sleeper, because he had always had too much energy even in his earlier years. Most people would expect a young child to have a lot of energy as they usually do, running their parents ragged. However, because he always had so much energy, it had caused a huge amount of grief in his family because he was such a handful for his poor parents. He would run wild and do outrageous things, all because he couldnt focus and didnt know how to calm down. He would get up to all sorts of mischief and, eventually, he was diagnosed by a doctor with ADHD. 
Knowing the name of his problem didnt help his parents though, as he was still uncontrollable. They had tried everything possible after getting advice from the experts. Still he was unmanageable! In the end, his parents couldnt handle it any longer and he was kicked out on to the street. He was only eight years old and so lucky that Avando discovered him only a month later. He had found him scavenging out of a garbage bin. It was the only way a kid of eight knew how to get food. I dont know how much longer I would have lasted, he thought to himself. I was all skin and bone.
Amazingly, in a little over three years, Avando and his team of professionals had managed to tame him. They gave him various challenges, with exercises, sport and talents to focus on that didnt require long periods of sitting, or thinking and concentrating on the same thing. Not only that, Aaron had managed to become really good at these things. So good in fact that he was one of them who won the video tech challenge for the week. Hmmh! he half smiled to himself. That video game we played last night was epic. It was so much fun with a group effort plotting against the enemy. There was so much action and fighting. We even got to blow up the building, while the major heads of the enemy were grouped together having lunch. Huh! Defeated! Awesome! he thought. He was never one to condone violence. In fact, he liked to stand up for the ones who were unjustly picked on, but it was only a video game after all and seriously, what guy doesnt like blowing stuff up or at least seeing it happen. It really gets the blood pumping.
He found his favourite tree on which he had drawn a life-sized person with the correct head, stomach and knee height for target practice. He continued on with his training against the tree with full enthusiasm, an indication of the energy pent up inside of him. The sweat was running down his face, back and pretty much from all over his body. As he was practising he let his thoughts wander. He hoped that Avando had managed to pick up a few more new students out of the doldrums of the street life last night.
After some more practising, a bright red flash of colour passed across his peripheral vision. He turned his head towards where he had seen it and continued to watch in that direction while continuing his training. A few minutes later he saw it again, this time though, he was looking straight at the red flash. It all made sense now. It was one of the scarlet macaws, which stay on the mountain with the students. Charlie must be letting them stretch their wings, he thought to himself. He finished his practice and wandered off to see if he could find Charlie over there.
Not too far away he found him with two of the majestic macaws sitting out on external perches. They were sitting patiently with their heads cocked to one side, looking up into the sky at the other macaws flying around. Charlie was standing in between the two looking quite frustrated. As Aaron continued to walk towards him, he heard loud cursing coming from Charlie. Aaron smiled to himself thinking Charlie was obviously having bird troubles. What do they say? he thought, never work with kids or animals if you want things to go as planned. Well Charlie worked with both. Aarons smile widened as he approached closer and the cursing became louder and what might be classed as more offensive to some people. Charlie was normally a very caring person, though he did have a low patience level and a very short temper. Sometimes Aaron put it down to lack of sleep, because he thought, once you managed to see through his temper, you loved the guy even more.
Hey Charlie! Aaron had almost reached the cursing man.
Charlie spun around, with a shocked look across his aged face. Oh! You didnt hear me, did you? If Avando found out, I would be in so much trouble. He really doesnt like it when I curse near the students.
Its all good Charlie! I certainly wont tell. Anyway, Ive heard worse. especially from your mouth, he added with a cheeky grin. Ive even said a few choice words myself, which I have learned thanks to you.
Oh, Gawd! Thats what gets me into trouble. Dont let Avando hear you or I would be in more trouble. He had a really worried look on his face causing the wrinkles on his forehead to deepen.
Im very careful Charlie. I wont cause you any grief. Besides, I mainly said that to try and make you feel better. Clearly that didnt work, he reassured with a chuckle. Whats making you so upset anyway?
These blasted young macaws are not coming back when I tell them to! the frustration was still dominant in his voice. No matter how much I tell them, call them or bribe them, they only come back when they feel like it. I have to make my way back to the main building shortly as I have to organize a group of new students who arrived last night, he said with some urgency in his voice.
So we did get new students?
Charlie nodded.
Thats great! More young people off the streets! Avando is such a Saint. He almost jumped with excitement.
Only one is joining the main group straight away. The other four have to go to Rehab.
Aaron screwed his nose and face up, Ooohhhh! Nasty! Such a shame the other four wont be getting the perfect start with joining us.
Charlie nodded in agreement.
Let me see if I can help you with these young birds then! Why dont you stand over to the side a bit? Or maybe you should even hide under a tree so that they cant see you.
Charlie did as instructed. Anything to get these birds put away again so that he could move on. Aaron moved over to where Charlie had been standing when he first saw him, in between the two older birds. He approached the bird on his right and addressed it, Hello Juliette!
Hello, the bird answered back.
Do you want a scratch?
Scratch, the brilliant coloured bird responded. She put her head closer to Aaron and tucked her chin in. Aaron reached over and started to scratch the back of her head, while she moved it in various directions so that he was able to scratch her in different parts.
Thats a good girl! Aaron said to her. He gave her a peanut. He then left Juliette and went over to the bird on his left. Hello Oscar!
Hello! the bird responded.
Do you want a scratch? Oscar followed exactly as Juliette had. Good boy! Aaron applauded the robust male bird while giving a peanut to him also. Shall we see if we can call your babies down? he asked the bird. He turned and looked up into the sky, in order to locate the young birds. After a short wait, he saw one off in the distance. Whos that? he asked the parent birds. He watched the birds as they tilted their heads to the side to look at the flying parrot.
It was only a couple of seconds before Oscar spoke out, Lucy.
Thank you Oscar! he showed his gratitude by giving him another peanut. Aaron made a whistling sound and called out Lucy! Peanut? He then held out his arm as a landing place. He waited and watched as the bird circled around above them, appearing to be coming slowly down closer to their level. Aaron was starting to feel a little impatient and wished she would hurry it up a little, but he didnt let this show. He was soon pleasantly surprised though, as from almost out of nowhere, a red flash came at him from the side and startled him. He twisted quickly to see that the red flash turned out to be Piper, the other young bird that landed next to her mother. Hello Piper!
Hello! 
He handed her a peanut. Do you want a scratch? After she had finished her nut, she put her head down also like her parents before her, ready for a scratch. Aaron at the same time grabbed the foot chain attached to the stand and fastened it around her leg. She didnt panic or get upset because she already knew the drill. Seeing her sister so happy to come down, Lucy also made faster progress to join the others and landed next to her father. Hello Lucy! Good girl.
Hello! she responded.
Aaron handed her a nut as well. Scratch! Lucy said to him.
Aaron laughed, Ahhh! You cheeky girl! He started to scratch her behind the head, while reaching for the leg chain.
After the chain had been fixed to her, Charlie came out of his hiding place. How in the devil did you manage to do that? he asked in bewilderment. I dont think they would have come to me within the week, the way it was going.
Aaron responded with a laugh. They are aware of your temper, even that far away. They knew you would give them an earful when they landed, not to mention no nut or even a scratch. Come on! Ill give you a hand to put them away.
Juliette climbed on to Aaron's arm while Charlie encouraged Oscar to climb on to his. They each undid the lower part of the leg chains of the younger birds and then fixed them to their wrists so that the birds would not be able to fly away. They then worked their way over to the large enclosure. Once there, they let the birds go, packed up the chains, checked their food and water and made their way to the main building. Aaron went to get cleaned up while Charlie set off to get the new students organised.
- Chapter Four -
Pain Of The Good Samaritan
Jayden was starting to become aware that there was light on the back of his eyelids. This could be explained by only one of two things  either someone had turned the light on in the room or it was daytime. He peeked out through the slits of his eyelids to find out which one was correct. The first thing he saw was a clear blue sky through the glass ceiling. He opened his hazel eyes completely once they had adjusted to the light, to take in the view. What a pleasant sight to wake up to! No tall buildings, no scurrying of people going to work, no exhaust fumes in the air and no one giving him a filthy look because he was dirty and living on the street. In fact, it was all very quiet. 
He turned his head to look around to see if the others were still there. Ben and Declan were fast asleep on the bunk beds opposite. He peeked over the side of his bunk to the bed below, to check if Taylor was still there and he too looked as though he hadnt woken up yet either. He let his eyes wander further around the room, trying to take in anything he may have missed last night in all the excitement and exhaustion. He looked towards the wall made of dark glass that he had seen last night, but now what he could see was that the darkness had disappeared and instead it looked like an oasis outside. 
There were many gigantic trees scattered across a large green plane. This plane, however, did not look like some tailored lawn; instead it looked more natural as if nature had intended it to be there. Underneath a large number of the trees were groups of rocks and logs formed together and looking as if they could be used as seats, but at the same time, did not look like any seat or park bench that could be bought from a shop. About one hundred meters away, there was a large, crystal clear rock pool that had a two-meter high waterfall cascading into it. Various ferns and tree ferns surrounded the waterfall and clustered in and around the rock faces. At the edge of this pool were strategically placed large, flat rocks. These looked the perfect size to lie down on, especially if you had a couple of pillows.
This place is really something special, he thought to himself. Its better than those places I used to see on the pages of those catalogues I covered myself with on the streets. He positioned himself more comfortably on his bed so that he could continue gazing at all the natural beauty before he had to get up.
It wasnt that long before Charlie came in saying, Morning boys! He twisted the covered toes of the three still sleeping, not too hard but roughly enough to get their attention. Up you get! We have to get you all sorted out into your proper rooms today. He pointed to everyone in the room except Jayden, and you three have to go to Rehab.
There was a small groan of protest from Declan, as Charlie reinforced what he had said, Wont be fun in there, but it is necessary and you will feel so much better after all those nasty drugs are out of your system.
Knowing where they were going, the three sleepyheads rolled over and pretended to go back to sleep.
Come on, up you get! Charlie said a little more insistently this time as he pulled back their bed covers enough to allow a bit of cooler air on to their faces. Its still a nice place, he reassured them. You will just be separated from the rest of the students until you have gotten over the worst of it, that is all.
The boys started to get up. In the meantime, Jayden was already up and looking for some everyday clothes. Naturally he was keen to explore the rest of the place especially after what he had already seen.
Right-e-oh! You must be hungry again, Charlie said, as it has been a few hours since you had your last feed. Besides, it is eight o'clock in the morning. You will just catch the end of breakfast if we go now. The mention of more food soon made the other three move quickly.
Once they were ready, they walked out together to the guest lounge to find Jessica already sitting on the lounge suite. She was waiting patiently for them while watching the news on the enormous TV, interested in finding out what was going on in the world, as she hadnt seen anything for quite a while. She looked up as the boys came through the door. 'bout time! An' I thought women were the ones that took ages te get ready, she teased.
Well! We did ave te wake up first, explained Taylor feeling as though his heart would melt as he looked at her. She looked beautiful with her freshly washed skin and her now silky blonde hair falling elegantly down around her shoulders. To add to this, her eyes seemed more radiantly blue than ever before. Taylor quickly looked in a different direction so that his eyes did not give away how he was feeling.
Look whos th' Beauty Queen! teased Ben.
Like you can talk, retaliated Jessica. I barely even knew ye 'ad eyes with your face always bein' so dirty an all. Ya eyes kinda blended in, she strained her head in an exaggerated way to look closely at his face, with em bein' brown, the same colour as the dirt on ya face.
Ha! Ha! said Ben slowly and accentuated heavily with sarcasm.
Jessica smiled briefly to herself knowing that she had won that little play fight. Anyways! she said changing the subject. While I was waitin' for ye sleepy eads I was shocked te see what as been happenin' in different parts of th world. Ye should see whats been happenin'. I still cant believe it. She turned her attention back to the TV and the boys watched it with her as a replay of what Jessica had already seen came back on the screen. They watched in horror as a car that was parked on the street exploded near a busy caf where people were dining and having coffee. The explosion had encompassed all the buildings and the people in and around them.
What the? questioned Jayden.
The others were too shocked to say anything for a little while and just watched the TV in silence at the horror that was unfolding. Finally, Jayden found his voice and turned to Charlie who was still standing with them. What just happened there?
That was what you call a car bomb.
Why was it parked an' set off there? asked Ben.
It is what some people do in this world. They are sick in the head and think that they have the right to blow up cars, buildings and people because they are trying to make a statement, or they think that certain kinds of people deserve to die.
Are ye serious? choked Declan.
Yep, unfortunately! Sometimes people are so angry at the government of that country and what they stand for that they punish the people rather than the government in order to get their message across.
That doesnt seem fair. So its not only just the people on the street who get mistreated? Jayden said passionately.
No, its not. But one of the positive sides is that here if you learn as much as you can, you will be helping to build small weapons and spying, to be able to combat these terrorists as we call them.
We will? asked Jessica. Like were gonna be able te do that? That sounds extra impossible.
Well, with the help of Avando and the professors in the college, combined with the effort you put in, I truly believe that you will. I dont have anything to do with that side of The Sanctum, but I have seen many really good ideas and results from students in the past. Charlie glanced at his watch and continued, Anyway, if you want to eat we had better get going before breakfast is over. Scarlet, please turn the TV off.
Instantly the TV turned off. Jessica got up and they all started to follow Charlie back to the common room. This time when they got there, it wasnt empty. There were lots of students everywhere with books and folders in their arms sitting on the park bench tops, which framed the gardens in different areas of the room. They appeared to be relaxed and talking to friends they had made since being at The Sanctum while waiting for classes to begin. Even though these students were ready to go, there were many students that werent. These students were hurrying across the vast floor of the common room, in haste to get ready in time for the busy day ahead. None of the students seemed unduly surprised or concerned that there were five new people crossing the floor with Charlie.
They continued to walk across the floor, past the water feature towards the far side of the common room, where there were two large swinging doors. Charlie pushed one of them open for the teens to enter. This revealed an extremely large dining room lined with an endless number of tables and chairs. On the far side wall, identical to the guest rooms, was the same type of glass wall, which extended into part of the ceiling. The view here, however, was very different. In fact, it would be safe to say that it surpassed any other view by far. Even with the smell of food, the five teens could not resist the temptation to walk to the far wall for a better look.
When they reached the glass wall, they looked out as far as they could see. They were clearly at the top of a mountain or very near to it. They looked out at the remaining sunrise, as the sun was in the last stages of its early morning glory. In between several smaller green mountains lying below and glistening in the suns rays, they could see a very large dam. It was magnificent. Their eyes followed the natural beauty in front of them, to the base of their window, and it appeared as though there was no ground beneath them. They thought they must have been standing on top of a precipice.
Taylor turned towards Charlie and asked, Are ya sure that were in the right place an we wasnt accidentally dropped off at a six star hotel?
Charlie chuckled in response. Come on! Youll have plenty of time to see this later, but right now youll have to start eating or theyll pack the brekkie away.
The thought of the possibility of not getting any food brought the teens back to reality. They turned away from the window and looked back into the room. On one side, there was a full buffet of food. There was everything from pancakes, sausages, eggs and bacon, to the colder foods like pastries, cereals, yoghurts and fruit. Almost everything imaginable was available for breakfast.
Right! Take a plate and fill it up with whatever you want and however many times you want, but this morning you will have to be quick as we have to get you all shown to your permanent rooms. Well also need to get you to your classes Jayden, as soon as possible.
Halfway through breakfast Avando joined them. Good morning everyone! I hope you all slept well?
Morning Avando! They responded with their mouths full of food and only nodding in response to his second question.
Well, I must say that you all look and smell a whole lot better this morning, he half teased.
I cant rememba th' last time I felt so good! Thanks Avando, Jessica replied.
You are welcome, my dear! Youll feel even better once you get all of those drug toxins out of your system. He turned to Jayden, Are you nearly finished Jayden? You are coming with me for the tour while the others will be going with Charlie to detox.
Jayden shovelled the last of his breakfast in his mouth and started to get up. Yep! How long until Ill see the others? he asked Avando.
It will probably be a couple of weeks, depending on how well they go through the process.
He turned to his friends, Good luck guys. Ill be thinkin' of ya.
Yeah! Gee! Thanks! replied Ben sarcastically. Cant wait! You get to go to paradise and we get to go to temporary hell.
Well, it does have to be done, as you cant come into the college till you are clean. Besides, you were the ones that decided to do drugs, not Jayden, responded Avando.
After Avando had set Ben straight, Jayden and Avando left the room leaving the others behind while they went to go and discover the rest of The Sanctum.
This is a really awesome place you have here, Avando. Thanks so much for bringing us here to get a second chance in life.
You are welcome, son! I really do enjoy offering opportunities and changing lives, especially for the younger teens, as the troubles of street life are more easily erased. The young ones have so many years ahead of them, which enables us to be able to help. This gives them an expectation of being capable of changing their lives for the better. He looked down at Jayden from his dark brown eyes, set over his slightly larger nose with a look of great compassion. Tell me though, why is it that you speak so much better than your friends?
I dont understand?
Why do you not speak with the terrible street slang that they have?
Oh! I guess it is because I was brought up in a family that would not accept slang, like they speak. My dad was a respected businessman and I would be in heaps of trouble if I spoke like them. I guess even after being on the streets for over six months, some old habits die hard.
Well, it is a habit that I like the students to have. We do teach them to speak properly here because we dont like it either.
I guess I should fit in quicker then? He paused for a minute in thought. What made you want to make The Sanctum and take on all of these teens? You could easily have just kept all of your money, and used it on yourself or your family.
They had reached one of the seating areas of the Common Room and Avando sat down slowly and Jayden followed suit. That all sounds extremely selfish, but on top of that, a dark cloud moved over his face together with an expression that showed he was in deep pain, I dont have a family.
You dont! Jayden replied in shock. Did you get divorced or something? What about brothers and sisters?
Actually, he paused with the same look on his face as before, I once had all of those. I had a family where I was raised with three brothers and two sisters. I also had a beautiful wife and a lovely little daughter about the same age as you.
What do you mean had?
They have all passed away now.
All of them? How could that be? asked the amazed Jayden, as he watched the cloud on Avandos face grow darker and the expression becoming more intense. He wrote this off as being from grief and sorrow from the memories. Did they have lots of freak accidents or what?
They all died in one tragedy, he said and followed slowly with, all at once.
What happened?
I had taken my wife Atasha and my daughter Tamara over to my family in the Country of Casa where I was born, in the little village of Doric. My family had not met Tamara before and this was to be her first meeting of the extended family. We had been there a little over a week when the village was attacked by foreign fighter planes that bombed the whole village. It took only ten bombs for them to destroy it completely. After I heard the first two bombs and realised what was happening, I started to run to try and find Atasha and Tamara. I ran outside and saw Tamara running towards our relatives house, and then the fighter plane dropped another bomb right behind her. I watched helplessly as the bomb destroyed her at the same time as shrapnel hit my leg and I was knocked unconscious by the blast. I discovered after I came to from my injury that I had lost all my family that day. Although the agony of the injured leg was intense, it was nothing compared to the pain of losing my loved ones.
There were no tears today, but Jayden could tell that the pain of the past still ran very deeply in Avandos veins. Is this why you walk with a cane? he asked with the deepest sympathy that he could muster for his young age.
Avando nodded.
Did you ever find out who the attackers were and why?
Yes, I did. They were foreign militants, who thought that there were terrorists hiding in the village.
Jayden looked horrified recalling the images on this mornings news, but he had to ask, Were your family, he gulped and then continued, terrorists?
No, they werent and I am pretty sure that if they had known there were terrorists living in that village, they would have left.
Did the foreign militants get the terrorists?
They claim that they did but whether they did or not, I dont know. They certainly would have claimed that they had before the public, as there was such an outrage over the number of deaths of the innocent.
There was silence as Jayden tried to grasp the severity of what he had been told. I hope that having us in your home and helping us makes up for some of your losses. I know that we are not your loved ones, but I really do hope that you get some students who will be like your family, especially after all that you have done for us.
Avando smiled a still sad smile. I do get some satisfaction out of having you all and the others here and seeing the ones who really want to learn advanced techniques, well beyond their years, and even come up with some great inventions and skills of their own.
Now that the conversation was getting a little lighter, Jayden started to have a better look around than he had the night before. He was still amazed at the truly comfortable and extravagant furnishings for a place that housed so many homeless people. Your place really goes beyond my wildest dreams that I had coming to this place. Avando smiled a proud smile. Jayden looked up and saw a third level that he hadnt noticed the previous night. In the common room three levels up, there were two massive skylights at each end and a large window on one side of level three that allowed natural light inside. This illuminated the whole area and provided the plants with natural sunlight so that they would survive and remain healthy. 
The earlier bustle of students was no longer in the room as there were only two of them remaining. Where is everyone?
They have all started their classes for the day as it is after eight thirty. Thats when we begin. We should get a move on and start our tour of the school. Firstly I will show you to your room. 
They started to climb the stairs to the left of the Common Room. When they reached the top they came upon a couple of corridors. Now your daily rooms are not as elaborate as the guest rooms, but I hope you should still be happy. He finished on a friendly note.
I am pretty sure that it will be great.
On the corner of the corridors they came across what appeared to be a large room. This is the females bathroom. It is totally inaccessible to boys and Scarlet will make sure of that. They followed the path on the right overlooking the Common Room to the next internal corridor. This big room here is the male bathroom and again Scarlet will make sure that no girls will be able to enter. Then they turned into the internal corridor and followed it past the males bathroom on the right and the females bathroom on the left. They continued along the paths natural course to a room on the right at the end. This is your new room. I do believe that the bed in the far corner on top is not taken. Scarlet, please confirm sleeping availability!
The screen next to the door lit up with the face of an attractive woman with dark hair. She spoke in a calm voice, Confirmed Avando! Bed 5 on top, in room E at the far corner of level 2 is available.
The computer can tell whos sleeping where? Jayden asked Avando in surprise.
This is not an ordinary computer. There is not too much that the computer doesnt know. He turned to the screen again, Scarlet! What is the colour of the clothes Jayden is wearing today?
I do believe that the boy is wearing blue jeans, with a beige shirt and white sneakers.
Thats easy, put in Jayden. She can see me!
And, a smile spread across her face and sounded in her voice, may I add red underpants.
Jayden looked embarrassed. Wow! This computer really does know a lot more than I thought.
There were four bunks and one wardrobe on the right, as you walked into the room. Again there was a vast amount of glass ceiling similar to the guest room, which Jayden loved. This time there were also two glass walls. He walked over to one of the glass walls and looked out. The view was different from before, because he was now looking in a southerly direction and could see a really large mountain across a deep narrow valley. 
The mountain was at least five stories higher than where he was standing now. In one section about two levels up was a majestic waterfall cascading all the way down the side of the mountain into the deep valley below. Wow! Awesome! What a view! When he managed to drag his eyes away from this sight, he looked in the other direction to the west, to see an endless panorama of more tall green mountains and deep valleys. 
He put his head to the glass and tried to look along as far as possible, down the right side of The Sanctum. After a good distance, he could see more land that the building could have been built on. He looked down and again it seemed similar to the dining room in that it appeared as though there was no ground underneath, when he looked to below the lower level.
However, at his level, there appeared to be a large dark rock below them. He thought this strange. What is this building built on? I have looked out a couple of windows now and it looks like the rooms have been just built on air. This room looks as though it is on a rock but the rock appears to be sitting on nothing.
We have actually built it inside a mountain. This is not a building as such.
Really? Does it look like a building on the outside?
No, it doesnt.
Can I see? Jayden asked enthusiastically as he really wasnt convinced that you could not see anything man made from the outside.
Of course! Now that you have seen your room, I can take you for a tour outside for a little while.
What about the glass that is everywhere? Surely we would see that from the outside?
That is the rock that you thought we are built on when you looked out the southern window, because it looks like a rock from the outside.
Why did you build inside a mountain? I mean why not just build a normal building?
I love nature and I wanted to conserve our natural resources while still blending in with the environment. This is, as you will find out, a very environmental-friendly college. I would be pretty sure, the most environmental-friendly youll find anywhere.
Why dont you enter it into a competition for environmentally conscious ideas?
Dont really want all those strange people coming to have a look and, besides, I have more than enough to do looking after you teens. He patted Jaydens shoulder affectionately in a half hug.
Okay then! How is the electricity run?
By natural methods of course; for example, hydro energy.
Whats that? asked Jayden screwing up his face in confusion.
Its power achieved from fast flowing water which turns the blades of a turbine, which then in turn works like a fan causing them to rotate. The turbine spins a generator to produce the electricity.
Oh! he responded, that sounds tricky. Where is this fast flowing water?
Well, there is another waterfall on this mountain that you cannot see from here, and this is our source of energy.
What happens when there hasnt been enough rain?
Then we use the energy from our wind turbine.
What is that?
A wind turbine is like a windmill which has a sideways fan. This operates when the wind blows and then it generates energy.
What happens when it is a dry spell with no rain and there is also no wind?
The no wind part would be very rare. There is hardly ever a time when there would be no wind trying to push its way through the tight gap between two large mountains with a narrow valley. However, if we are so extremely unlucky as to have all that happen at once then we also have solar panels, which capture the energy from the sun. So between all of these options it would be extremely rare to run out of energy, dont you think?
Jayden nodded his head, as he had to agree. What about the windows at night when the lights are on? he queried with a smug look on his face. He thought he had caught Avando out regarding the invisibility of the building, as lights always shine out at night, even through dark tinted windows.
No, you cant see it then either. Avando watched in fascination as he saw the smug look disappear off Jaydens face. The darkness in the glass comes from a special chemical dye that turns the glass black when hit by all electricity powered lights. You wouldnt notice though since you would think that you cant see out because it is the light reflecting off the inside of the glass.
By this time they had reached the Common Room and were travelling across to the opposite side. Under the right staircase was a large corridor that opened out into the lobby, which was full of large fluffy lounge chairs grouped in clusters. It all looked very comfortable and inviting. They followed the lobby to the right and headed towards the glass door. Once out the door, Jayden recognised the garden as the same one that he had seen first thing that morning. He saw a few smaller mountains to their left as they walked over to the large rock pool with a two-meter high waterfall. When they reached the pool, they turned around to have another good look. After all of the shocks he had experienced in the last twelve hours or so, Jayden thought that there would be nothing that could shock him further. Well, he was wrong. When he turned around all that he could see there appeared to be a magnificent mountain, with a larger mountain overshadowing it. He couldnt even see the door that they had come through to get there. Well, Ill be damned!
- Chapter Five -
Kensington Youth Festival
It was the first week of the extended Christmas school holidays and school was finished for another year. Glancing up at the cloudless blue sky with his pale brown eyes, while enjoying the sun shining down upon his pale skin, Liam Honeywell tilted his head back allowing the breeze to filter through his short, medium brown hair. He was relaxing after completing year six and was out having fun with his friends Hayley, Dryden, and Jarrod, but of course he had to have his little sister Gemma tagging along. They were walking around gazing at all the sights at the best event of the year, the Kensington Youth Festival. At this festival there were live bands, skateboarding and scooter competitions to watch, or compete in if you were any good. There were free workshops for skateboarding and scooters, places to get temporary tattoos and loads of other fun.
Liams older brother Matt was competing today in the skateboarding comp and they couldnt wait to see it. What time is Matt competing again? asked Jarrod, his grey eyes filled with enthusiasm.
Eleven thirty, Liam replied. I hope he does really well. Hes been hangin out for this for ages. He practises heaps and hes gotten pretty good now.
Well find out in about an hour, said Hayley with her freckles standing out a little more than usual against her pale skin and brilliant red, curly hair. The smell of the mobile food vans and cafeterias wafted their way. Just enough time to eat. Im starving!
Yeah! Me too! agreed Gemma.
All right then. Lets get some food, Liam responded. They followed the aromas keenly with their noses and found their way to the food areas. A reasonably large number of choices were on offer for a festival. There were hotdogs, Dagwood dogs, pies, sausage rolls, hamburgers, chips, Chinese, sushi and Italian. Their mouths were watering long before they had even seen half of the food that was available. They all decided to have the Dagwood dogs, as they couldnt usually get them at any other time of the year. Then they continued around the festival biting off chunks as they walked along, looking at all of the different games and activities that were available at the sideshows.
Hey! Theres an unusual booth, pointed out Jarrod. He was a little taller than the others and could see over their heads. Like anyone is going to take part in that one!
They all looked towards where he was pointing. There, standing a few stalls away, was an open booth with plain walls set up with four tables and accompanying chairs. Pens, pencils and paper were placed on the tables. Out the front of the booth featured a banner with the words, How smart are you?
Yeah! agreed Dryden, his blue eyes showing an acute lack of interest, we are on holidays after all.
Ill give it a go! Liam contradicted. Ill see if I get it right.
Gaaw! You would! responded Jarrod shaking his dark head of hair in disbelief. You really are a full-time Nerd. Im surprised that you other two bookworms dont join him.
Actually, I think I will, said Hayley.
Dryden scratched his head of mousey brown hair above his ear in consideration. If you will, then I guess I will too.
They started to eat their Dagwood dogs a little bit quicker.
Meanwhile, Jarrod watched in disbelief. Oh, you guys are killin me! Were on holidays. We only just finished our exams last week. Live a little, guys! He looked at his friends and knew by the expressions on their faces that they were still going to do the test. You guys are nuts! Im headin over to put out the fire at the fire brigade booth. What about you Gemma?
Gemma flicked her long, wavy, dark brown hair back over her shoulder. Im gonna give it a go too, Jarrod.
Gees! Even the little sister is mad," he said and off he walked shaking his head.
The three older friends and Gemma walked into the booth. Behind the first table was a man they assumed was probably in his late thirties, sitting with his legs up on the table and leaning back reading the days newspaper. He lowered the paper, showing more than his mousy brown hair, when he heard them approach and pushed his glasses back and smiled.
Hey there, people! Are you here to see how smart you are?
What do we have to do? asked Dryden, and is there a prize?
Well kiddo, this activity doesnt cost you anything to participate, so there is no immediate prize, but if you do really well there will be a prize in the mail.
In the mail? questioned Hayley surprised. Why in the mail?
The reason for this is that if you have done well at the quiz then we like to double check it before we reward you, as the reward is extra special.
What is the reward? queried Gemma.
That, young lady, is a big surprise that only the smartest will find out and only the smartest deserve it. So, are you ready to take the challenge?
Might as well, said Liam.
Okeydokey! I will get each of you to sit at a table all by yourselves and I will hand out the forms. You have thirty minutes to answer all the questions. Dont forget to put your full names, date of birth, the school you are attending and postal address so that we can reach you if you are one of the smart ones. All right! All seated? He looked around the room quickly, saw that they were all seated and handed out the papers. Now remember, this is just for fun. It is not school, so if it is too hard or you change your mind half way through, feel free to leave. No pressure! he smiled. He looked at his watch and then said, Best of luck! Time starts now!
Liam was busy answering his questions. They all seemed too easy, but then again, he never really did have much trouble with his schoolwork. He looked around the room and noticed the concentration on the others faces. I wonder how they are doing? he thought. To check the time, he looked at his watch. Only five more minutes to go. Better finish up.
Okay! Pens down! Thank you very much for taking the time to humour yourselves and us by taking this test. I hope you all did well for your age. Please look forward to your results in the mail. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Just enough time to find Jarrod and go and watch Matts comp, pointed out Liam. We better get moving.
They found Jarrod still at the fire brigade booth putting out fires. Gees! Youre not very good at it! Liam teased. With that comment, Jarrod turned the fire hose towards Liam and squirted him. I was just kidding, he admitted. Comon weve gotta go if were gonna make it in time to watch Matt.
They made their way through the crowds towards the skateboarding park and arrived to see the last few tricks of Matts rival, Stevo Grundy. Stevos performance was cut short, however, when he was doing a board slide down the railing of the staircase as he missed and landed on the tender spot between his legs. In sympathy, the whole crowd cried out in unison, Awwwh!!! Then it was silent. Gemma giggled, What a way to finish! and the others giggled in agreement as they watched the first aid people take him out of the skate area.
Now it was Matts turn. The muscular fourteen year old started with the board, slid down the railings of the stairs, and didnt look the slightest bit unbalanced. He then followed through with all sorts of complicated tricks like a one hundred and eighty over the block, big spin at the top of the ramp, kick flip and rock and roll, as well as many other rather impressive moves. By the time he was finished, he had definitely put the pressure on for the following competitors. When he had completed his round, he flicked the lengthy, dark-brown hair out of his eyes and off his face, and then gave a shy but proud look towards the crowd.
Wow! stated Jarrod. Hes awesome! Wish I could do that.
Yeah! said Liam. If you lived, breathed and ate on your skateboard, you might be that good too.
Matt saw Liam and his friends and headed over to see them. Dude! Where ya been? I was startin to think that ya werent comin.
These geeks, indicated Jarrod with a back point of his thumb at the others, ave been playin school, would ya believe? They went in t some booth and took an exam. Ya woulda thought that theyd had enough after the horror we faced over the last few weeks at school. He had slipped into slang to try and level with Matt.
Woah! Dude! You need te chill Whad ya do that for? Matt asked Liam.
Yeah well! I wouldnt expect you to understand. said Liam mocking Matt warmly. It was some kind of competition.
Well! I dont care wha kinda comp it was, ye would never get me spending any more time in school than I have to.
They hung around to watch the last few competitors. When they had finished, the twenty competitors were called back to the middle of the concrete skateboarding area to wait for the winner to be announced. There was a three level platform for the first three winners to stand on after they were announced.
A fairly fit-looking dark-haired man in his forties stood in front of the microphone in the centre of the concrete area. The third place for today's competition goes to Caitlin Pretoris, he announced. Everyone cheered as a tomboy-looking young lady went out to the front to accept her trophy from the announcer. She then took her place on the lower level of the platform. Second place goes to Timmy Ramshorn. Again the crowd cheered its congratulations as he went forward to collect his trophy. First place, being the winner of the thousand dollar skateboard gear voucher and the big trophy goes toMatt Honeywell. With this announcement, Liam and his friends cheered enthusiastically with double the volume of that of the rest of the crowd, as Matt made his way to collect his trophy and take his place on the highest stand of the platform. Numerous photos were taken of the three winners, to be posted in the Kensington Youth Festival magazine and on their website. All three were then automatically entered into the state competition, coming up in a couple of months time.
When all the excitement of the competition was over, Matt came over to Liam and his friends again. Congrats Bro! Liam said proudly to his brother.
I knew ya was awesome when I saw ya, Jarrod stated.
The other three agreed at the same time as they offered their congratulations.
Thanks dudes! Matt replied. Im gonna go over to my friends now to hang and also check out whats ere, now that Ive finished th comp. So check ya later at closing.
Yep! Liam responded. We havent seen enough either.
After Matt left to join his friends, the two different groups set off separately towards the ride section. Jarrod stopped on the way to get a large hotdog with the works and scoffed it down at great speed.
Do you really think it wise to be eating so much and so fast, just before going on the rides? Hayley asked.
Why wouldnt it be? asked Jarrod defiantly.
Well, I guess time will tell, she replied smiling to herself.
Hey look! exclaimed Dryden excitedly. Theres the 'House of Horrors'. Lets go in there!
Yay! Lets do it! agreed Hayley.
I dont know, argued Liam. Remember we have my little Sis with us. She might get scared, he added, looking at Gemma in a fun, mocking manner.
Will not! disagreed Gemma defiantly.
Okay then! If you think you will be fine with it Sis, then lets go in.
They entered the darkened room and started to walk through the corridors of the house. Various haunting objects hung from the ceiling, from spider webs with enormous spiders and ghosts to werewolf heads and vampires hiding in or emerging from their coffins. There were black fabric walls that swayed with the fake breeze billowing eerily throughout the house. Figures stuck their heads out of holes in the wall making scary sounds, some loud and some soft. Throughout all of this Gemma put on a brave face and seemed to be doing well, until one of the actors dressed in black and floating in their midst crept up in the dark standing silently next to her, really close, without making a sound. Gemma moved and her hand brushed up against the actor, who also then moved. That did it! Gemma screamed at the top of her lungs and dived, clinging to Liam for security. The four older children laughed at Gemma's reaction and Liam teased Gemma by saying, Hmm! Not scared hey?
Shut up! complained Gemma as she pouted her lips, distorting her thin attractive face.
Aahhh! Just teasing. Were about at the end anyway.
Once outside Gemma announced, My pick next.
Okay! they all agreed. Whats your pick?
The Octopus! she stated with her pale blue eyes hopeful.
Lets do it! they agreed.
The Octopus had four carriages to each arm. They all climbed into their own separate carriage, while other people continued to fill up the others. They watched as an ever growing number of people waited in the line alongside the ride. The ride started with a slow rotation of the four carriages on each arm and continued to get faster and faster, as the arms rose and tipped the spinning carriages in many different directions. This tilting, spinning and rotating continued on for a few minutes. Hayley glanced over at Jarrod who was turning greener by the second.
Hows Jarrod! she yelled across the distance. Hows the hotdog sitting now? she asked smugly as she watched his face turn pure white at the mention of hotdog. She continued to watch him as he turned his head towards the side of the carriage he was sitting in. Then he was sick all over the side and managed to spray several people waiting their turn on the ground. She burst out laughing when she saw the expression on the faces of the people getting sprayed and was glad that she was not one of them. She looked again at Jarrod. Sitting really well, is it? I mean on the people waiting down below, that is?
Jarrod gave her the most disapproving look he could manage while attempting to keep down the rest of his stomach.
Not long after the ride slowed to a stop, they all got off and met at the exit. Hayley turned to the group with a smile on her face, while making sure Jarrod could hear, and said, Wow! That ride made me really hungry. Hotdog anyone? 
The four of them watched as Jarrod covered his hand over his mouth and raced off as fast as he could run to the nearest bushes, while Hayley started to laugh. Liam, Dryden and Gemma looked at Hayley puzzled. Why dont you ask the people waiting in line? she asked. After a pause and seeing the uncertainty still on their faces, she continued. I tried to warn him that he shouldnt eat that hotdog. Their puzzled looks soon changed to ones of comprehension and disgust.
After taking a few more rides in sideshow alley with Jarrod still sitting on the side, they realised it had started to get late in the afternoon and the sun was beginning to set. Feeling any better, genius? Hayley continued to tease Jarrod.
Hardy ha! Ha! Ha! he responded sarcastically.
I wonder what that competition was for earlier? queried Dryden to change the subject. It's strange they didn't tell us.
Don't know, replied Liam, but if it's awesome, I hope we do well. I guess we just have to wait.
It's starting to get dark. Have you guys had enough? questioned Jarrod hopefully.
They all nodded in unison. Let's get going then. You can all stay at our place for a bit and then we can call your parents to come and get you from there, Liam offered.
Sounds good, Dryden said and they all agreed.
~~~~~
A little while after Jayden and Avando had left and Taylor, Ben, Declan and Jessica had finished their breakfasts, the last four followed Charlie out of the dining room, which was being evacuated with a noticeably diminished level of noise. They made their way across the extravagantly decorated common room, as they headed towards a room full of large fluffy lounge chairs, giving the appearance of a luxurious hotel lobby. The five then headed out the glass door to a perfectly beautiful day with clear blue skies, dotted with only a few puffy white clouds gleaming radiantly in the bright morning sun. They continued to follow Charlie off to the left and walked down for a little way along what appeared to be a grass path. While walking, the group passed a couple of healthy, bushy sort of trees when out of nowhere appeared a tall and lanky man wearing glasses.
Aaahhh! Professor Showden! Come meet a few of our new students who arrived last night, stated Charlie.
The dark-haired, balding man halted in his stride. Oh! How lovely! he said with a welcoming tone, while he took in the four students through his oversized glasses. So who do we have here? he asked in a somewhat pompous old style of speech. 
The students introduced themselves shyly as most students would do at that age, when it comes to meeting a new teacher and theyre anxious to give a good impression. He flashed a welcoming smile at them, which showed off his large teeth. Wonderful! Wonderful! So splendid to meet all of you. I cant wait to have you in my class. Unfortunately though, I have to run at the moment. See you soon!
The group continued walking. He seemed nice, said Declan.
Professor Showden teaches the most popular subject in the whole school, added Charlie.
What does he take? asked Declan.
He takes Video Tech.
Whats that? It sounds hard, commented Jessica.
I dont know the ins and outs, but from what I have heard from the students, some of it is hard but at the same time very interactive and interesting. What they say they look forward to the most is, at the end of the week the four students who have received the best results get to play video games on the large screen for all of that lesson.
Wha' sorta video games? asked Ben.
I believe it is like war video games or spy games or something like that, played with superior quality machines and with much more interaction than Xbox Kinect.
Awwwesoome! exclaimed Taylor.
Yeagrh! spat Jessica. Of course! What else would it be? she said with a hint of sarcasm.
Oh! My dear! responded Charlie with mock sympathy, Professor Showden tailor makes these games himself. Perhaps, you can ask him to make some princess ones for you.
Oh Charlie! How sweet of you to place me in the category of a princess! she returned with mock gratitude. Youre such a dear! she reached up and kissed him on the cheek.
Really? asked Taylor in disbelief. Does he really make th games imself?
Charlie nodded, Yes! He does!
Wicked! the three boys agreed in unison.
He is also responsible for the maintenance and upkeep of the programming and reprogramming of Scarlet, the main computer system. He does all this in his own private external lab that he was probably just leaving, continued Charlie.
Geeze! He must be really smart! added Ben.
That he is, Charlie agreed.
Continuing on towards the detox apartments, they were now feeling the heat from the sun and with no drugs in their bodies for nearly a day now, they were starting to break out into a sweat. They were also starting to get irritable, even though they had only been walking a few minutes.
Jessica reached out with her shaking hand to touch Charlie on the arm and asked, When're we gonna get there?
Charlie had felt the slight tremor from her hand and looked towards her now glistening face. Not long now, love, he said sympathetically. Its just up ahead!
Taylor, hearing the conversation, piped in. Yeah! Well this heat is killin' us.
Ben added, Im feelin' really sick. Where 'xactly is it? He started to look around to the front, sides and then back to where they had come from. What the!
All of them glanced around to where Ben was looking. Where the ell has th buildin we ave jus come from, gone? Taylor spat out in astonishment.
Oh! Great! Jessica exclaimed. Jus' as I thought! I'm in a dream 'at is fast becomin' a nightmare!
No, my dear! It is all real! Trust me the building is still there. Charlie smiled reassuringly.
Where? said Taylor frustrated and angry. There is nothin but a mount'n behind us! I cant be seein' things already. Is at wha' everyone else is seein'? he asked the rest of the group.
Thats all I see! agreed Declan.
Youre not seeing things. Charlie reassured them, and this over in front here, he turned around and pointed to the small mountain ahead, is where your detox apartments are and where youll spend the next few days or weeks, depending on how long it takes you to detox.
They all turned in the direction where Charlie was looking only to see a pile of dirt, rocks and shrubbery covering the mountain in front of them. Jessica turned to Charlie and placed a trembling hand on his shoulder. Charlie dear! This is a mount'n! she said with some sweet sarcasm. Whatcha gonna do? How ya gonna transform it? Are ya gonna be like a miracle worker like that Jesus dude, an turn this mountain inta a buildin?
Actually dear! he said with a bit of sarcasm but not unkindly, as he smiled down at her and gently touched her hand on his shoulder, Im going to do something like that! By this stage, they had already walked to the edge of the small mountain and approached its sheer face in front of them. Charlie placed his hand on a side rock and immediately a quick flash passed over the rock under his hand, and then the sheer rock face slid back, revealing a doorway and passage into the mountain.
Ahhh! Gawd! I so need a fix! Ben piped up.
Now! Now! Ben! Charlie chastised, thats not a good way to start the first day!
Comon Bud! I know this place is pretty trippy, but look how awesome it is! Its gonna be worth it! And just like the streets, were gonna stick t'gether. Declan said to Ben placing his arm over Bens shoulders comfortingly, as they stepped into what was going to become their new place for the next few days.
Comon Babe! said Taylor to Jessica in a half meaningful but half mocking way, cupping her trembling arm through his, lets enter inta our future lives t'gether.
Ahhww! Darlin! Lets do that! she agreed sweetly while settling further into a one-arm, side of waist cuddle, but Hon..
Yeah! responded Taylor with his heart skipping a beat.
She leant closer and reached her mouth up to his ear and whispered, Im not ye babe! She touched his nose with her finger in a sweet manner, but also half mockingly and she gave it a little friendly push. Babe!
- Chapter Six -
The Letter
Several weeks of the extended summer vacation had passed and they were already half way through the holidays. It was a beautiful summer day, hot, but not too humid, with plenty of blue sky dotted with a few puffy white clouds. The postman had just pulled away from one of the many houses in Lightcrescent Avenue. It was a street filled with ordinary houses, that you would expect to see for the majority of working families in Kensington City, Alamania. Out of one of the homes came an adolescent boy with medium brown hair. He walked down the path surrounded by the typical manicured gardens and lawns of suburbia, towards the letterbox set in a rendered brick fence. He pulled out a small bundle of letters held together with an elastic band. As he took the elastic off he started to flick through them, looking at to whom they were addressed. One of the letters caught his eye.
Mr Liam Honeywell
23 Lightcrescent Ave
Kensington City ALM 6994
Liams heart skipped a beat when he saw it was addressed to him. At the top left hand corner was the emblem he had become quite familiar with over his eleven years of life. It was the Governments emblem of two stags standing facing each other, with the coat of arms in between them and two crossed swords across the shield. This was the emblem of Alamania. Next to this emblem, however, was another emblem and it would be forgiven if someone thought that they had printed the emblem twice by mistake. The second emblem had a shield with a large blue E in the middle, on top of the swords. This was the emblem that Liam had memorised off by heart and dreamed about for most of his life. It was the symbol of Ernest State College. Liams heart had skipped another beat because when he saw the double emblems, he knew who the letter was from, without even turning it over to look at the address on the back.
He opened the envelope quickly, without causing too much damage to it, and pulled out a brochure, a letter and a form. He started to read the letter:
Dear Mr Liam Honeywell,
Thank you for participating in the exam of How Smart Are You? in the booth at the Kensington Youth Festival a few weeks ago. You have passed all questions with outstanding accuracy. Due to the fact that your results were excellent, we continued to investigate your performance at your current school Towertop Primary, from your year one through to year six results as well as your behaviour.
Towertop Primary has confirmed that your grades are outstanding and are matched by your behaviour. They have also given an impressive recommendation of your overall performance and their confidence in you to perform exceptionally well at our Ernest State College if you wish to attend.
Due to the above findings we would like to offer you a full scholarship at Ernest State College, which is well known for its reputation of helping to shape the countrys future geniuses. There will be no cost to your parents or guardians while you attend this college and all your food, lodgings and uniforms are covered. However, your input and grades must continue at an outstanding level. 
If this is an offer that interests you, please discuss it with your parents or guardians. Upon acceptance, would you please have them sign the agreement form and return it in the enclosed prepaid envelope?
We look forward to your response.
Regards
Dr Graham Ernest
Principal
Oh! The excitement! His stomach was doing hurdles as he gripped the letter tightly to make sure he didnt lose the other parts of information and ran into the house.
Mum! Mum! Look at this! Mum! Where are you? Come, quick, look. He ran through the entrance past the living room and into the kitchen. He saw his mum with her long, medium brown hair pulled back into a ponytail, preparing another meal for the day. There you are! Look! Look! He was out of breath now after all his yelling and excitement, and handed her the letter to read while he wriggled around in anticipation.
His mum read the letter as he watched her kind face, observing her changing facial expressions as the meaning of the letter slowly sank in. At first she looked confused, then shocked and then of course proud. She looked up at her son, her light brown eyes gleaming.
Wow! You really have been working hard. She gave him an excited, tight squeeze around his shoulders in a half hug. This is a really huge achievement to be recognised by this school. She hesitated, You do know that we will have to ask your father and if we do agree to this, your poor mum is really going to miss you! She squeezed his shoulders again. But then again, do you really think that you want to go? You know, with it being a school and all? she teased.
Mum, you know I want to go. This is the coolest school on the planet! You get to do all kinds of awesome things, like making robots and mini planes and stuff.
All right then, I guess you do want to go, she smiled. But we do still have to check with your dad.
All right, but you will put in a good word for me, wont you? he pleaded.
Of course I will, but it wont be easy for me to let you at your age to move out for most of the year.
Dont worry mum. I will still keep in contact. I will email and Skype all of the time. He paused for a moment to think and then continued, Im going to tell Matt.
Hes out the back, practising on his skateboard.
Thanks! He wandered through the house to the back door and found him out there as his mum promised, practising his skateboarding with his dark, straggly hair gleaming in the sunlight. Although the yard wasnt that big, it was enough for him to practise and perfect a few of the complicated moves.
He looked up as he saw Liam out of the corner of his eye. Hey Bro! Wasup? He could tell with one look at Liams face and judging from the grin from ear to ear that all was not normal.
Liam responded, Do you remember the exam that Jarrod told you I had taken at the Kensington Youth Festival?
Yeah! I remember, the one that nearly made y late for m comp.
Thats true, only because yours started a little early because the guy before you injured himself. But I still made it. Liam handed him the letter and couldnt help himself this time. He blurted out, Ive been offered a place at Ernest! he exclaimed excitedly.
Whoa, Bro! Thats awesome! He paused and then said, I guess if youre a nerd an all.
Liam frowned and defensively placed his hands on his hips. Its not a nerd school. He raised his voice in frustration. You should put a helmet on that head of yours while you are practising, to stop knocking all the sense out of it. Its a really cool school. You get to make all sorts of technical things that fly, or walk, or glide...
Whoa! Take a chill pill. I was jes kidding with ya. He ruffled Liams brown hair. It is a really good school if you are into all of that stuff. Its a shame I wont have th honour of havin ya with me at Towertop High for the next two years. Not. he said mockingly. Ye had te be the smartie bum an got in t a smart scholarship school. He returned back to normal voice. Ye will have te learn Martial Arts though. It is also one of th top Tae Kwon Do academies as well and we all know how good ye are with your two left feet.
Yeah, I know! he said resigned, but if it means that I can go to my dream school for Technology, I will give anything a go although mum said I do still have to wait for dad to give the go ahead.
Dont worry! Dad will let ye go. Ye know how much he raves about getting a good education. I hope ye will get time off when I have my next skateboarding tournament though.
Yeah! Me too.
That night when Liams dad John came home from work he also brought home Liams ten year old sister Gemma after her Electric Violin lessons. They were all sitting around the dinner table when Liams mum Renee brought it up. John, your youngest son has something to tell you.
All eyes turned to Liam with looks of curiosity passing from Gemma across to his Dads handsome face. He slowly pulled out the letter that he had tucked away in his pants pocket. He was not willing to part with the good news at all today, so he had made sure he had the letter on him at all times. He knew that even though Matt thought that his dad would say yes, there was a possibility that he would say no. So he started cautiously, Well dad, today I got this letter in the mail with no warning, he said as he held up the letter, and in it, is a dream come true!
Wheres it from? his dad asked as he reached out for the letter, his grey eyes filled with interest as he looked at Liam curiously and Liam passed it to him.
Its from Ernest College and I have been offered a place there, next school year.
Oh you lucky duck. Thats where I want to go! said Gemma pouting.
Not another one, said Matt in disbelief, an besides, youre too young.
Yeah, but next year I wont be, she said defiantly.
Matt rolled his eyes. Well, keep studying.
Their dad finally got a word in, Thats really good, Liam. You should be especially proud. Do you want to go?
Do I want to go? he exclaimed. Do I ever! Can I please?
John looked at Renee while running his fingers through his black hair that was now starting to show signs of grey. Do you have a problem with him going?
Only that I will miss him ever so much! It really is a great achievement at his age, though. I certainly cant refuse. Who knows what good fortune it could bring him!
Well then, it is agreed, he said. But you better keep in contact. That part of the conversation was not heard because Liam was jumping out of his chair and yelling, Woo Hoo! as loud as he could with excitement. After jumping up and down vigorously on the spot, he ran around to his mum and dad, gave them a big hug and said, Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! over and over again! All his parents could do was to laugh as they joined in their sons celebration.
Wait! Liam suddenly burst out. Hayley and Dryden took the exam as well. I wonder if they were accepted? That would be awesome if my smart buddies were coming along as well.
Why dont you announce it on Facebook after dinner and find out? suggested John.
Great idea, dad! That way all my friends will find out also.
With great excitement Liam went online to Facebook to update his status.
Took mystery test at Kensington Youth Festival with, he tagged, Hayley Meyers & Dryden Compton. Results were very successful. I have been given a scholarship to, tagging the place, Ernest State College.
The response was almost instant with several Congratulations and likes from many different friends, and comments such as, ur such a geek, but u no I luv ya man! And LOL congrats! from his less scholarly friends.
Not long after Hayley also commented, Yay! I also got accepted. Looks like we will still be school buddies 
Me too! Dryden commented. Got the letter today. Cant wait to get started. Looks like we are the three smart musketeers!
Looks like I have to find more buddies at school, but good luck to you guys, Jarrod commented.
Liam added a sad face to Jarrods comment and liked all of the congratulatory comments and then said to his family, Hayley and Dryden were accepted too. So Ill even have friends at the college from the very first day.
How perfect is that! said his Mother.
That night Liam lay in bed, not too worried that sleep would not come straight away. His head was full of wonderful and exciting, yet comforting, thoughts that his future was about to take off with a flying start. To make it even more special, two of his best friends were coming with him. What more could a kid want at the age of eleven?
~~~~~
Finally! The day had come! It was really here! Liam was beside himself with excitement. Looking out his bedroom window, he was greeted with a perfect summers day. Pure, pale blue sky with only a few puffy white clouds outlined through the suns glowing rays. Perfect! he said out loud, even though no one but his black and white Border Collie dog could hear. Come on Alex! he said, indicating to his beloved friend to come closer. The dog ran up to him and he gave him a big hug around the neck. I am going to miss you, though! He ran down the stairs of their double storey home with the dog following close behind him. Its here! Its here! The day is finally here!
Matt sat at the dining room table to one side of the kitchen, still half asleep, with his hair in disarray, an elbow resting on the table and his hand holding up his head. He was attempting to eat a bowl of cereal. Dude! Youre goin te school a whole week earlier for your age group. How can ye be excited bout that? he asked sleepily.
Are you sure were from the same family? Liam asked his mum who was in the kitchen.
She smiled back. Yes you are! And youre all so different. If it was a skateboarding school, though, I bet he would be more than happy to go a week earlier.
Skateboarding school? now theres a perfect idea for a school. Matt suddenly looked wide awake at the thought.
At that moment, Gemma started her electric violin practice from the upper rooms of the house. Really? Now? At this time of morning? Matt looked at his mother pleadingly.
What? Everyones up! Theres only one way to get brilliant at something! she answered back. Besides, she is getting really good.
It was then that Gemma made a couple of mistakes and the two boys looked at each other, Yeah! Really, brilliantly good! Matt put in sarcastically and the two boys laughed.
Now, now! No reason to be nasty. Their mum defended Gemma in her absence, smiling with a soft reprimand. So! Are you ready to go? she asked Liam.
Sure am! he replied.
Then you better have brekkie, and well get going. Your dad has taken the day off work to see you off as well.
Really?
Of course! It is going to be a few months before we see you again.
True! he agreed.
After breakfast, they packed everything up in the car and started their two-hour journey to Ernest State College. On arrival at the gates, there was no mistaking that they had arrived at the right place. Apart from all the extra vehicles around, the place looked exactly as the brochure had pictured it. There were large attractive buildings that were double, if not triple, storey, surrounded by a landscape of open lawns and generous wide pathways. This was only what they could see from the front of the college. Liams dad found the first available car space and they all piled out onto the pavement with his luggage. A horn tooted in the distance. Liam looked in that direction and could see Dryden waving from their car. The remainder of his family were with him also. Hey! Theres Dryden! he said to his family, Lets wait for him.
Ohhh! I am so jealous! Gemma whined at him.
Chin up kiddo! Keep up the good work and you might have a chance also, Liam encouraged her.
It wasnt long before Dryden and his family were heading towards them. Not long afterwards, Hayley ran up from the side all excited with her curly red hair flying behind her. She jumped in between the two boys and put an arm around each of their shoulders. They started to separate from the others and strode towards the college, leaving their families to follow up with their baggage. How awesome is this guys? I am so excited! It is everything I was hoping for and more.
Seems pretty good so far, Dryden responded, but we havent had a chance to look around yet as we only just got here.
Well, arent you two sleepy heads! she teased.
But its only just after ten in the morning and it is a two hour drive, Liam defended them.
So! Ive been here since eight. Already said goodbye to my family and had a good look around and I tell you, this place is awesome!
Thats great! You can show us around then, Liam added.
Oh! By the way, you two are sharing a room. Ive already checked that out, she informed them.
Both boys looked relieved. We can handle that, Dryden answered for both of them.
They reached the stairs near the entrance to the main college building and waited while their families caught up. Nice of you to wait for us, Liams mum commented.
Yeah! Sorry! Liam and Dryden looked a little guilty. We were a bit distracted.
We found out we are in the same rooms though, added Dryden excitedly.
Well, thats good for you two, added Drydens mum. Lets go and get you sorted then.
They entered the building together noticing the front appearance was not all that elaborate, though clean and well structured. As could be expected when they entered the building, the lobby was spacious and had plenty of windows and glass doors. Directly through to the other side of the building they could see a large open grassed area with huge shade trees and park benches could be seen.
Hayley then directed them over to the side of the lobby, where a large notice board was fixed on the wall and she showed them the map with the list of names and room numbers. It was a very large campus. They followed the instructions on the map through to the back glass door and walked along a path that led to the building on the right. Then they took the lift up to the boys room, passing on their way many families and students, mostly older but some younger like these three. The walls and halls were long and all white, with corridors presenting several doors off to various rooms.
Matt elbowed Liam. Hey Bro! Did ya check out those good lookin geeks back there? Some of em are not too shabby!
Seriously Matt! I am here to prove myself as a student, not to chase the girls.
That may be so, but y know me, just checkin ye wont go lonely.
Im walking with my friends to my room, even sharing with one of my best friends. How am I going to be lonely? Liam responded.
Matt shrugged his shoulders sheepishly.
Right! Were here! Hayley announced.
They entered the room on the second floor, which overlooked a large open grassed area in the centre of the college buildings. The room was neatly laid out with two single beds raised slightly higher than usual on opposite sides of the room. Next to the beds were built in cupboards for their clothes. Liam raced over to the window and was quite happy with what he saw. I dont mind this view, he announced to the others.
Dryden joined him at the window. Yeah! It wont be too bad to look at that every day.
Have you seen your desks and study areas? Hayley asked.
No! Where are they? asked Dryden expecting to be taken to another room.
Here! answered Hayley, going to one of the beds and pulling out cupboards and desktops in different directions from underneath. How neat is this! she exclaimed.
A really good idea actually! agreed Liam. I wouldnt have thought to look there.
Here you go then! Here are your things for you to start unpacking, said Liams dad while passing him his suitcase.
Thanks dad! he said while plunking it down next to the bed he wanted.
Arent you going to unpack it? his mum asked.
Ill do it later!
Uh huh! said his mum with doubt.
What? I will! I promise!
Sure you will! she agreed even more sarcastically.
Wheres your room Hayley? Dryden asked her changing the subject from the inevitability of much the same sort of conversation with his own parents.
Hayley went over to the window. See that building over there? They followed her finger pointing to a building directly opposite from theirs. They nodded. Well thats the girls dormitory. Basically, its the building on the left, while yours is the building on the right.
Well then! They definitely have their heads screwed on straight if they have the teenage girls and the boys separated for their sleeping quarters, praised Drydens dad, especially if they want them to concentrate!
Absolutely! agreed John, Liams dad, as they both had a little chuckle to themselves.
Oh really! Dryden spat. You just have no trust in us up and coming teens at all.
Yeah! Well! In a few years you will understand why, Drydens dad backed up his comment.
Erhh! grunted Dryden while shrugging his shoulders.
Well, it looks like you three are all right to settle yourselves in, or would you like us to hang around for a while to hold your hands? asked Liams dad jokingly.
Oh John! Seriously! So quick to ditch them already!
Its all good mum! defended Liam. We have each other and we will probably settle in better by ourselves.
She looked hurt in the way that mums do when they feel their babies are growing up too fast. Are you sure?
Of course, mum. Dont worry! Ill even Skype you tonight if you like, just to confirm that I have settled in okay. I wont need it, but I will do it just for you, he added with a smile on his face like a Cheshire cat.
All right then! she accepted in resignation. Well leave you to it! But only if you touch base and contact me tonight or tomorrow at the latest.
Dont worry! Ill be fine! he added, and I will definitely contact you either tonight or tomorrow for sure. He agreed with a wide cheeky smile. I promise!
- Chapter Seven -
The Lessons Begin
Jayden was still in shock. You really cant see the school, he said in amazement.
No, you really cant, Avando replied in a matter of fact voice.
It truly is amazing! How did you get this built, so well hidden and to make it look just like a mountain, while there is almost a whole village inside?
I employed unique builders and architects who specialise in fabricating this natural look, while still retaining all the comforts inside, not to overlook experts in technology who designed Scarlet.
What a job! It would have been fun and rather scary, building on the other side of the mountain, he emphasised the word mountain with slight mockery.
Yes, well, Im certainly glad I didnt have to do it, although some people are not afraid of the height, Avando agreed. Oh! Goodness me! he said glancing at the watch on his arm, Look at the time. Come now! You will have more time to look at other parts of this area later. We really do have to get you started in your classes! he added with more authority, but at the same time half embracing Jayden around the shoulders like a loving father.
They walked slowly together towards the big mountain. Where they were heading directly and to which rock, Jayden did not know. This certainly did not deter him from taking in the area as they went, intrigued by his new surroundings. He was in awe of the appearance of the natural surroundings that otherwise would not have been there naturally at all. A great deal of careful preparation had gone into the original planning to make it all look so realistic. He enjoyed looking at the pool that had been designed to look like a natural waterfall, that flowed firstly into a lake and then on down to a location near the trees, where there were rock seats and beds underneath them. As they approached even closer to the mountain, Jayden noticed that they were heading directly towards a large flat-sided rock that was straight up and down, but covered by a rock that hung over it, about a meter long. Avando stopped in front of this rock and turned to Jayden.
We now need to get you signed in with Scarlet.
What do you mean?
Well, no one can get in without first being signed into the mountain, that is approved and registered with the computer. If you go outside, you cannot get back in unless you have the proper authority, so you must sign in. Its like an electronic key but it recognises the person entering either by handprint, voice recognition and stored information about that person, or code words the person has previously placed into the system. He indicated to an indent in the rock to his left, about shoulder height for him and just big enough for a large hand. He then looked at the rock wall and said, Scarlet!
Yes Avando? answered Scarlet in her placid computer voice.
We need to add Jayden into the list of approved people who are allowed entry.
Certainly Avando. Please initiate the process.
Avando took Jaydens hand and placed it in the rock dent while Jayden watched him with uncertainty. This may look like just a rock Jayden; however, it is a high tech palm scanner. It recognises your palm and finger prints.
Palm print of the left hand has been processed. Please place right hand on the scanner. Jayden did as instructed. Right palm print processed. Please state name clearly.
Jayden Jenkins
Date of Birth?
15th of June, 2002
Your mothers first name and also your mothers maiden name?
Maria Carpenter.
Another security word you wish to have on file?
Patches.
A minute passed which seemed to drag on forever, and then a voice said, Thank you! Jayden has now been accepted and will be recognised on our files in future.
"Thank you Scarlet," said Avando.
Yeah! Thanks! Jayden said uncertainly.
Now Jayden, why dont you open the door? Avando looked at him over his slightly larger nose.
Jayden again placed his left hand into the shallow hole. As he looked at his hand in the hole, he noticed a quick flash of light that swept across his palm. A few seconds later there was a loud sliding sound which caused Jayden to jump a little from the sudden movement. There before them the rock had pulled away to reveal a doorway. They walked on through the lobby towards the impressive marble common room that in reality was anything but common. The area was again deserted as the lessons for the day had already begun.
It is after 9.30am. Avando stated as he pulled out and opened his iPhone and started fiddling with it. Let's see what your first lesson is, shall we? He did a few more clicks and squinted at the display. Ahh! Here it is! Your first lesson is actually with me. He smiled. Tae Kwon Do.
Oh really? I am not all that coordinated and Ill probably do something really stupid.
I doubt it! I have seen many dreadfully uncoordinated students do really well after a little while. We need to get dressed into our uniforms now, and we should do it quickly as we are already a little late.
How will the class start without you?
I have a top grade student in Tae Kwon Do whom I let take the lessons when I am not able to make it. He is young, but he is rather impressive. Now, your uniform is in your cupboard in your room. Why dont you hurry on up and get dressed, and then meet me back here as soon as possible? It is the white baggy cotton pants and matching top, with a white belt for you.
Jayden left and went as quickly as he could to his room, trying to remember exactly where it was. The room set up was a bit confusing, but this would only be a problem until he became familiar with the building. He followed past the male bathrooms and, yes there it was. 
He looked in the cupboard for the large white uniform Avando had told him about and changed into it. While doing this, he couldnt help but look at the magnificent view and waterfall again and marvel not only at this amazing sight, but also how his life had changed so much in such a few short hours. There was no way he would not be trying extremely hard to stay in this wonderful safe place, with Avando to watch over him and regular food on the table, not to mention clothing and the security of the housing! Even if those basic needs were the only things that were met he would have been grateful; however, Jayden was still amazed that he was also now in the middle of a mansion that actually looked like a mountain. He stopped his daydreaming and looked down at himself in the white baggy uniform. He held the belt in his hand and noticed there was no buckle. How was he to do it up? It was also extremely long. He gave up, shrugging his shoulders. He placed his shoes in the cupboard and left quickly with his belt in his hand to go and meet up with Avando who was waiting in the Common Room.
Avando saw him and smiled. Couldnt work out the belt, hey?
No, sorry! Not a clue.
Bring it here and I will show you how to tie it.
Jayden handed him the belt. Arms up! Jayden did as instructed. Avando folded the belt in half and placed the half in the middle of his stomach. He then wrapped it around Jaydens waist and continued wrapping the belt around him until the two ends ended out in front of him. He showed Jayden how to tie the knot.
All done! Now lets go to your first Tae Kwon Do lesson.
They walked off to the right of the Common Room with Avandos cane clicking on the marble floor with each second step they took. Then they walked down a corridor to the end room on the left where they could hear the counting and grunting of the other students already in the class.
They walked into the room at the back of the class. Jayden noticed that at the front there was a young guy about his age, with short dark brown hair and a thin muscular build, demonstrating the moves with such ease and grace. He made the most difficult of moves look very impressive with what seemed like no effort at all. He wore the same type of uniform, except for his black trimmings around his neck and a black belt with three white stripes on both ends. The other students in the room were all copying the moves he made as closely as they could manage. The class was filled with students of different ages, both males and females. Some of the students were really good, while others were not so skilful at the different moves. Jayden noticed that the students at the front were better than the students at the back.
Now Jayden, when you enter your Tae Kwon Do instructing room with your teacher present, you need to show your respect and do a slight bow, like this. He bent over to approximately a forty-five degree angle from his waist. Now, you do it. Jayden did as instructed. He felt ridiculous, but if this is what I need to do, I can deal with it, he thought. Good! Now seeing you are the newest student in the class, and the lowest belt in ranking, you will begin at the very back left. Here you will remain till another new person joins your class. Avando placed a hand on Jaydens back and directed him to the rear left of the class.
As you can see, the other students are practising their different kicks and they are going to be doing more and more advanced kicks as the class progresses. However, I will have you learning only the basic kicks or moves during the next few lessons. Now! The first basic kick is the front kick. Avando demonstrated with his good leg slowly, while describing the process of the kick action. You lift your knee up to waist height and flick the bottom half of your leg out quickly, while leaning back a little. Your toes point back to you while you push straight forward with the ball of your foot, which will connect to whatever you are kicking.
Jayden did his best to concentrate on doing the move correctly as Avando had shown him. Good! Very good!  He wanted to get it right, so he did it over and over again. He was not really taking too much notice of what moves the other students were doing, when he was startled out of his deep concentration by the sound of a loud thump. He looked up at the rest of the class, as one of the students in the next line had fallen over on his side, while trying to complete what was called a jump turning roundhouse. The rest of the class broke out into a big applause and cheered over the boys clumsy mistake. He in turn responded with a couple of little bows to the class for his performance, or lack of, once he had managed to get back up again.
Avando gave off a little laugh as well. Very well done James, he spoke to the rest of the class. That is the sign of someone who is really trying. You dont fall over doing those kicks unless you are trying hard to get it right. Well done! Now back to work everyone.
It didnt seem much longer to Jayden before the class was over for the day. They all lined up and bowed out to show respect for the instructors; then all the students moved off in their own directions.
Jayden stood still watching everyone leave, as he was waiting to ask Avando what was next. He saw the dark haired young instructor come toward him smiling. Hey Jayden! Hows it going? he asked. Im Aaron. You did really well for your first lesson.
Thanks, but you were awesome. If I could be half as good as you, I would be doing well.
Nah! Dont be so hard on yourself. After a bit of practice, you will be nailing the moves. Ive been doing it for a few years now and Im addicted to the art, so I practise more than the others. They started walking out of the room, heading towards the Common Room. Right now we have a half hour break to have a quick shower and get some morning tea. Do you know where the bathroom is?
Yeah! We walked past it to get to my room.
Ill meet you there in a few minutes.
Okay! Jayden went to his room to fetch his clothes and then went straight to the bathroom. He saw a hand scanner on the left of the door. This one, though, was not disguised as a rock, but was shown in full view as to what it was. He placed his hand on the pad next to the males bathroom and let it be scanned. The door opened, revealing an enormous bathroom, once again finished in marble. To the right were urinals and toilet cubicles and to the left were several shower booths. It was all very impressive with the same quality throughout as the rest of the building. Aaron was already in the centre of the bathroom waiting for him.
The towels are over here in this cupboard. He opened a huge white cupboard to reveal large quantities of fresh white towels, face washers, soaps and shampoo. We can take a fresh one every time and when we are finished with our clothes and dirty washing, we just drop it in this laundry chute.
Once showered, they continued on down to the dining room which was already half filled with other residents of the college. At the buffet, they found an elaborate assortment of muffins, biscuits and scones as well as many tropical fruits for the health conscious, accompanied by hot chocolate, tea, soft drinks and juices.
In the middle of it all was a chubby boy stuffing his mouth directly from the serving platters of muffins and biscuits. All the remnants that didnt quite make it into his mouth fell back onto the serving platter they came from.
ROBERT!! How many times do I have to tell you not to do that? Your manners are disgusting and everyone else is supposed to select food from those platters, yelled a slightly plump lady wearing an apron, which she dusted her hands on as she came out of the kitchen. Wisps of grey hair fell from her tightly pulled back bun as she shook her head in disgust and disapproval. By all means take the food, but put it on your own plate first. The noise that usually accompanies a half filled room of pre and young teens went quiet and all eyes looked toward Robert and the commotion. Robert looked at the lady from the kitchen, looked at all of the other students staring at him and then shrugged his shoulders with an I dont care look on his face. He then looked around for the nearest plate. He found one not far away and even though it had already been used by someone else, he picked it up and started grabbing food off the platters. At the same time, he managed to spread his fingers wide enough, to touch other pieces of food around the ones he was selecting. He then walked through the crowd and sat down at a table, with his plate overflowing, and continued to stuff the food messily into his mouth. Some of the people standing around looked indifferent to his lack of manners, while others looked repulsed, especially the girls.
Jayden of course had seen worse on the street, but Aaron turned to him and said, With some people it takes longer for the street life and lack of manners to be changed. Put aside this, he is a whiz at the computers and technology and has built some pretty awesome little robots.
What, by himself?
Yep! All students here start off the same. We are expected to pass and do well at everything, but you will find that each person has a subject that they excel in. Mine is Tae Kwon Do and Roberts is technology. Hes actually alright, but he just hasnt got the manners that are acceptable, as yet. They both took a plate and started filling it with food and poured themselves a drink of hot chocolate. Let's go and sit with Robert.
Okay! They walked over and sat opposite Robert. He was finally starting to slow the speed of his eating when they arrived and was taking a big sip of cola. Hey Robert! This is a new member, Jayden.
Robert turned his head a little and let out a bellowing burp. Oh! he said. That one almost came up, and gave a little chuckle. At that, Jayden looked a little disgusted. Hey! Welcome to the picture perfect sanctuary, where the building and views are magnificent and the food is pretty much endless. He smiled while saying this and extended his arms out to his side, as if to say here it is.
Jayden didnt get to say hello, as they were interrupted by the loud noise of a chair sliding out. They all turned in unison towards the noise.
Impressing the new people with how street wise you are, Robert? You have been here three years now and you still havent learnt one bit of manners! chided the young lady with long dark brown hair who had been the one making the noise.
Aaahhh! Dear, Eva. Good to know that you have the sweet softness of a porcupine.
She brushed off his sly comment and looked at Jayden. Well! You now know my name. What is yours?
Jayden.
Welcome to The Sanctum! So what do you think?
Thanks! he said a little timid at first, under the direct interrogation of this unknown girl. It is a lot different from what I had expected when I decided to come here. I would have been happy with just comfortable surroundings, but this is mind blowing, with all the extras a homeless person would never expect to be given.
Eva let out a half laugh. Isnt it! Now you need to hurry up with your food as time is nearly up for the break and we all go to the ever so wonderful subject of maths. She smiled at the thought and sighed as the others groaned. Ahh! I love maths, especially problem solving. Chop! Chop! She tapped the table twice as she spoke the words, in a way that was meant to hurry them up.
- Chapter Eight -
The Task Ahead
They walked together out of the dining room, heading down towards the same corridor where they had completed their Tae Kwon Do lesson. They entered a room on the right before the Tae Kwon Do room and as Jayden expected, this room was very scholarly looking. It was whitewashed with paper pictures and illustrations of maths formulas and diagrams pasted up neatly all around the room. It was quite large with several individual desks lined up in rows and slightly separate from each other. This gave enough space so that a person could walk around between them. All the desks had chairs that faced towards the front. At the front of the room was a large smart board, which was white in colour and could be used either as a whiteboard or a computer screen. We need to go over there and get our books from the cupboard, said Eva, pointing to a large white cupboard on the far side of the room.
They pulled out their oversized textbooks and a maths exercise book to be written in during class. Students already had their own exercise books and Jayden received a new one. Once all of the books were sorted, the students proceeded to the tabled sitting area. They sat where they wished and talked among themselves while they waited for the teacher. Eva sat next to Jayden. So! Where are you from? she asked.
Bowdon.
Wow! Thats a fair way from here. I dont see any other new people. Did you come alone?
No! There were five of us, but the others have to do detox first.
She flicked her fringe away from her face, revealing her dark brown eyes. Oooooo! Thats nasty. I talked to a few of the other students who had to do that first and they said it was a nightmare to go through, but now that they are all clean they said life is so much better. Were you close to them? Without waiting for an answer she continued, You probably wouldnt have been, or else you would have been in detox with them.
Seriously Eva, you and your one hundred and one questions! Leave the poor guy alone, scolded Robert who was sitting at the chair in front of Jayden. Eva gave him a disapproving look.
Just making him feel welcome and getting to know him, she snapped back at him.
I dont mind, really, stated Jayden in all honesty. Its a little strange to get used to, but its nice to have someone to talk to after so long.
The teacher entered the room, though you would have been forgiven for not having noticed him come in. He was very short, of an average build, and wore a fitted beige suit with a bowtie. He had a balding head and wore small, rectangular glasses that were perched on the end of his nose and he looked at everyone from over the top of the rim. When he opened his mouth to speak to the students, he had an extremely nasal sounding voice that sent shivers down Jaydens spine. With a voice like that, a student would not have the slightest chance of falling asleep in his class. It is probably why he is such a good teacher, Jayden chuckled to himself at the thought.
Good morning students! I hear we have a new student joining us today for the first time. Jayden, where are you? Jayden raised his hand, Ahhh! There you are. Welcome to the Sanctum. My name is Professor Bernard Kurze. If you have problems understanding anything let me know and we will work closely together until you catch up. I see you are sitting next to one of our best maths students in history. Eva is more than capable of helping you also. Isnt that right Eva?
Of course Professor Kurze, Eva agreed proudly.
After that Jayden endured a mind-boggling maths lesson for the next forty-five minutes. Im glad that is over! he sighed in relief while talking to Aaron as they all started to stand and head to the cupboard to return their books. My head is spinning. I hope I can get to the level required to stay. This place is more than any dream I have ever wished for, but passing the education part is really scary, seeing I havent been to school for about a year.
Yeah! Aaron agreed, Its definitely not my favourite subject either. I find it so hard to concentrate on, but we do get plenty of support, so we can pass the level required. You should find it easier once you are back into the groove of school and learning again.
Where do we find out what lessons are next?
There is a notice board outside the lab in the Common Room, but we are all together for each lesson anyway. Our age group does a little of all the subjects, so we get a taste of what extras we want to do in the older age groups, Eva answered.
So whats next? he asked as they walked to the door.
Graphics! stated Robert excitedly.
Really! Whats that?
Well! he paused as he fought to contain his enthusiasm while allowing the wobbling rolls of fat to slow from his sudden excited movements. At the moment, he half spat in excitement, we are drafting the model we are about to put into action through a mixture of design technology, computer/tech and science.
Wow! That sounds really difficult, said Jayden worried, but pleased that he had dodged the spit.
Oh! Dont sweat it! Its not my favourite subject or specialty either, stated Eva, but with Excitable over here, she tilted her head indicating towards Robert, it is made so much easier. He may be a little unrefined so to speak, but he is a genius in this area. He once designed a spying robotic ladybeetle. Robert looked really proud of what Eva had said, even though she was also talking about his lack of finesse.
Really? Said Jayden impressed by this. What did it do?
The same idea as a fly on a wall. You remote controlled it to a particular area and it had video and audio transmitting devices.
Awesome!
They left the maths room and headed to the left along a little corridor to the graphics room. The set up was similar to the maths room, though the tables were larger and taller with high stools. This time they went to a similar cupboard to retrieve their own sketching books and equipment, to enable them to draw a sketching of their future inventions. They all sat close to each other again and Jayden looked as much as possible at what the others had already drawn, or drafted, to use the technical term he had recently learnt. Eva had drafted a rose operated by a remote control that could spray incense into the air from the heart of the flower, giving the room a floral aroma. Aaron had drafted an automated dart thrower. When the remote control button was pressed, a dart would shoot out in a straightforward direction. Robert, on the other hand, was drafting what looked like a little human being. It had an innocent looking face with eyes and brows, a nose and mouth that all together resulted in a rather plain looking expression. It also had most of the other external features of a human, like arms and hands with fingers and thumbs and feet with all toes.
Is that seriously what you are aiming to make? asked Jayden, when he looked at his picture.
Yeah! Of course! What else am I meant to make? questioned Robert.
Ahhh! Something a little easier, maybe? responded Jayden.
It may take me a little while, but this wont be that hard.
Really? I wish I could do something like that. It almost looks human.
Aaron heard the conversation and added, No really! I wouldnt put it past him to make this. He may have a few hits and misses, but he will get it to work eventually. Robert really is that good with robotics and technology. Thats why he was so excited before, cause he is just a nutter when it comes to this stuff.
All of the chatter in the classroom stopped as a tall thin lady with mousey brown hair, slightly shorter than shoulder length, walked into the room. If it wasnt for her extraordinary height, you could've likened her to a mouse as she had a very thin pointy nose, with thin cheeks and slightly protruding dark brown eyes. Good morning class! she greeted them as she walked in. She looked around the class until her eyes fell onto Jayden. Ahhh! There you are Jayden. I heard you would be joining us today. I am Professor Jennifer Schnell. I see you already have the best student of the class sitting next to you, so between Robert and myself you should be able to get the best tuition, for sure. Right class, proceed with drafting your inventions. The class put their heads down and started to work on their designs. Professor Schnell turned to Jayden and asked, Do you have any idea what you would like to invent?
Right now, I would be happy if I could invent a dot using a pencil, let alone inventing something that would have a purpose or a function, he responded half joking and seriously.
Dont worry about it! Just think about something simple but effective that might make the world a better place. For example, Evas rose that sprays a fragrance is not complex, but it is still a handy invention, which will improve things like, say,  the odour in a toilet. I dont expect miracles off you on your first day, but just sit and think of things that may help. You are welcome also to walk around the room and look at what other students are drafting.
Jayden did just that. He watched his newfound friends at work on drafting their inventions. He was amazed at their skill, at such a young age, in what they were doing with the drafting tools available to them and the inventions they were working on. He had a sickening feeling about how he was ever going to be at the level expected of him, but he pushed this feeling aside to try and concentrate on the job at hand. After watching his friends at work for quite a while, he left his chair and wandered around the room as suggested. The other students inventions that they were working on were also amazing. No inventions were as good as Robert's though, if he really could pull it off, but still brilliant even if he couldnt. There were ideas of a ceiling fan that didnt just hang and push the air directly down. It rotated on a forty-five degree angle with the blades just missing the ceiling but up high enough so that it would not touch anyone below. This way it would push the air to all four corners of the room, as well as in the middle.
One of the students who wore glasses was drafting an automatic dirty glasses sensor and cleaner. There were miniature arms that were like windscreen wipers on a car and they worked automatically. This way, the student or any person didnt even have to take them off for cleaning and could wear them in the rain, as the water would be quickly wiped off.
Another female student with long blonde hair was working on what looked like a little box with a screen and a flat camera. It didnt look that impressive, so Jayden had to ask what she was making. A colour recognition device, she answered while looking at his unimpressed expression. Yeah, I know, she answered his unasked question. It doesnt look like much on drafting paper, but Im working with Ryan over there, she pointed with her thumb toward the boy with red hair and freckles, sitting on her right. Jayden looked at Ryans draft and it was a robotic arm. You see we all take turns with chores, laundry being one of them, Ryan answered overhearing the conversation. To save us humans some time on laundry, not to mention the unloved work by everyone, we are developing a robotic clothes sorter. Ashleys colour recogniser will be working in conjunction with my robotic arms, to place the different colours of washing in different piles, so then we save the time sorting them, and we just have to place the sorted piles in the wash.
Thats quite impressive then. Is anyone working on an actual machine or robot to do the washing for us? Jayden asked.
Yeah! Emma over there, he pointed to a dark brown, short haired female sitting in front of Ashley, is working on scales large enough to weigh the clothes baskets, to send a message to the computer when it has the right weight in it for a full load. Then Nathan over there, he pointed to the left of Ashley, where a male with blonde hair was sitting, is working on a robotic arm that the washing basket will sit on. He is making it in such a way that it lifts the basket up and moves it over the washing machine and tip the clothes into it.
And all of this is normal work for our age group? Jayden asked astonished.
Most of us have been here for a few years, stated Ashley feeling sympathetic towards Jaydens obvious panic. It wasnt easy at first, but with the time we spend learning, you will grow into it.
Im not so sure. he disagreed. I havent done anything like this.
Jayden! said Professor Schnell loudly while coming toward him. You must have seen quite few images now, enough to help you decide what to draft.
Actually professor, I am more worried now as to if I am ever going to be able to do this.
Nonsense! she stated in a matter of fact manner. I expect you to have an idea we will work on together by the end of your first week. It could be simple, but it will be a start. Now back to your seat, and you can start doing some thinking. We only have another twenty minutes left of the lesson.
Jayden returned to his seat, sitting there stressing over what he could make while he watched Robert working on his design, with precise accuracy on sizes and forms. Who would have suspected that there really was a skilled side to sloppy Robert? He really was a master at work.
~~~~~
Monday, day two, at Ernest State College, had already arrived. Liam had done as his mum had requested and contacted his family, mainly for his mothers sake, to let her know he was settling in well. She was such a worrywart when it came to her children. He shook his head at the thought. Dryden was up and they were both getting ready to go for breakfast before their first big day of classes. They made their way down to the dining room, which was not flash, but definitely what you would expect for a large communal dining room for teens. It was wide and long and adorned with several long, well-built dining room tables surrounded by plain chairs. At this time of the morning it was approximately three-quarters full. They went to the buffet and selected a hearty breakfast from the array of bacon and eggs, fruit, breads and cereals. It was not an elaborate presentation of food; however, it was certainly tasty and plentiful.
When Liam saw Hayley arrive, he gave her a little wave once they made eye contact. She selected her food and joined them at their table. So, how was your first nights sleep in the college of your dreams? she asked them.
Pretty good, actually, replied Dryden.
Mine would have been better if it wasnt for Drydens snoring, Liam stated looking at Dryden.
What?
Do you snore, Dryden? Hayley asked.
Come to think of it, it was probably good he snored as it masked the sound of him farting, added Liam in all seriousness.
No way! Speak for yourself! He spat at Liam defensively. He then noticed that Liam and Hayley were smiling. Oh! Ha! Ha! Very funny! The two teasers broke into a hearty laugh.
Certainly got a good bite, Liam teased while taking a mouthful of egg. There really are a lot of students here, arent there? Dryden marvelled at the number of students in the dining room. I really didnt think that there would be so many here, compared to a normal school I mean.
Well, they are from the whole country, added Liam.
True! Dryden agreed. Whats our first lesson? Do you know?
Firstly, we dont have a first lesson today, said Hayley.
Really? Liam asked.
Hayley nodded while chewing her mouthful.
What do we have then? asked Dryden.
We have a kind of introductory roll call for all of our grade seven, so we have to go to the large hall. She looked at the clock on the wall. In fact it starts at eight, so we better get a move on. We only have a little over ten minutes to finish up and be there.
They hurried the rest of their breakfast with little being said among them and made their way to the great hall, following the map they carried as a guide until they became more familiar with the campus.
Once they were fairly close, Dryden stated, we dont really need a map anymore.
Oh, whys that? asked Liam.
We can just follow everyone else who is carrying a map and looking half lost, while still trying to appear confident, walking together into the big building. After all, there cant be that many child geniuses going in the wrong direction.
Or can there? asked Hayley. Geniuses are not particularly good at the practical smarts in life.
True, agreed Dryden as they all gave a quick laugh, but Im willing to take my chance on this one.
They continued on to the entrance of the building with all concerns vanishing about going in the right direction, once they looked through the door. The room was high set with fans circulating from the ceiling. At the far end there was a long platform, large enough for a stage that had been set up with a speakers stand and microphone. The rest of the room was lined with several rows of chairs, separated by an aisle down the middle. The three filed in behind the other students, took seats close to the middle of the room and waited with the rest of the students until everyone had arrived.
While they were waiting they noticed a small group of teachers towards the front of the room, making their way up to the stage. One of them was a little older than the rest of the teachers. Liams heart immediately skipped a beat when he recognised him as Dr Graham Ernest from his photo in the brochure. He gave Dryden a nudge with his elbow as he indicated the doctor and Dryden nodded in excitement. Exactly when the clock on the wall showed eight oclock, Dr Graham Ernest made his way towards the speakers stand. His dark ageing skin gleamed under the bright light that was positioned over the stand. He gave all the students a welcoming smile that showed off his brilliant white teeth.
Welcome to all of you! He spoke in a very positive and upbeat manner for an older person. It is a pleasure to have such a bounty of new, bright and intelligent young scholars. You are the next of our specially chosen year seven students who will represent us in the exciting year ahead. Hopefully your enthusiasm and eagerness to learn here at Ernest State College will be nurtured even more in this upcoming year. We will be encouraging you all to continue to expand your minds and put them to good use here at Ernest State College. For those few who are not aware of the history of this college, we would like to inform you that we are renowned for our excellence in science, mathematics, technology and also for our martial arts skills, which have been proven in many tournaments. We also do well in many other subjects and sports; however, these particular ones we thrive on and continuously work on to remain as the leader in these fields. As you are all aware, this school can only be entered by scholarship, and each student must continue, throughout the year, to prove their worth to the school. If a student starts to slacken off in their efforts and achievements, he or she will be given three written warnings that improvement is required. If there has been no noticeable improvement even after these warnings, the student will regrettably be removed from the school. He rubbed his balding head, which appeared to have more bare skin than hair.
Liam became distracted as something flew past his head and landed on the student sitting in front of him. He let his eyes focus on the little moving spot and realised it was a ladybeetle. It must have flown in the open door when all of the students came in, he thought to himself. He continued to watch it as it crawled up the male students shoulder to the highest point. It seemed to sit on that spot for a little while and then after a few minutes, it fluttered its orange wings with black spots and flew off again. He let his eyes wander back to the stage where Dr Ernest was continuing with his introduction. By this phase, the kind faced Doctor was showing a PowerPoint slide show of pictures of different inventions that students of the school had already achieved. They were rather impressive. One of them was a robot in the shape of a bird. It could fly and even had hearing and seeing abilities; however, it looked like a robot from its metal exterior. Over all, the robot invention was still very impressive. Again Liam was distracted by something flying past his head. He allowed his eyes to follow the movement and was surprised when he realised that it was once again a ladybeetle. It appeared to be the same one and landed on the same male student in front of him. He thought this was a little odd, but thought the student must have had some sort of plant residue on his clothes. The ladybeetle climbed to the highest part of his shoulder and seemed content to stay there for a while. He looked in Hayley and Dryden's direction to see if they had seen the beetle, but they didnt seem to have noticed it at all. They were both looking up and listening intently to Dr Ernest who was starting to introduce the teachers.
Now to the left of me, you will notice our esteemed professors, who are the main teachers of your grade. One professor will be allocated as your home or family teacher and will be your main teacher to contact, if you have any problems or need to discuss any concerns you may have. You will have each one of these teachers teaching you at different occasions; however, this allocated teacher will be like a parent to you throughout your time at the college. Firstly, I will introduce our professors. On my first left, we have Professor Michelle Watkins. A thin and fairly short lady with long blonde hair in a ponytail stepped forward and gave a little wave of acknowledgement and a smile. She looked to Liam as though she was probably aged in her thirties and looked really friendly.  Now dont be put off by this pint-sized professor, she may be small but she is one feisty little lady. If you met her in a dark alley, you would be sorry if you were an attacker. Professor Watkins is the head of the junior high physical education and is a sixth Dan in Tae Kwon Do. She may be small, but she makes up for it in determination.
Oh stop, Doctor Ernest, she said half embarrassed.
You deserve every ounce of praise for your skills, added Dr Ernest. Next we have Professor Stephen Clickclacker. An overweight man with glasses and grey hair stepped forward in acknowledgement and nodded. Professor Clickclacker is your mathematics expert. Professor Clickclacker stepped back next to the other professors. Next is Professor Henry Klarance! A thin man with short brown hair and large protruding ears gave a small wave from where he was. He is the science expert for your grade. Now then we have Professor Timothy Green. An overweight much younger man with short black hair, who looked to be in his early twenties, stepped forward and gave a small nod and a wave before stepping back. Professor Green is your technology expert, but dont let his age fool you, for he is very savvy. Last but not least, we have Professor Angela Thornton. A lady in her mid thirties came forward. She was slightly plump but not overweight and had a pleasant, friendly looking face. She also gave a little welcoming wave and a smile before returning to the other teachers. Professor Thornton is our expert in English. Now that the main professors have been introduced to your family groups, we will split you all into your individual groups so that you can become better acquainted.
Dr Ernest continued on separating the different students by calling out their names to go to the selected teachers. The following students are to go with Professor Henry Klarance: Dryden Compton, Hayley Meyers, Liam HoneywellPlease make your way down and gather in the far back right corner, together, near Professor Klarance. The three friends and several other students made their way down to the back as instructed. 
When Liam reached the corner with the other students, he saw a small orange patch on the shoulder of one of the students. He realised he was standing behind the student who had been in front of him before in the hall, the same one that had the ladybeetle on his shoulder. This time he reached forward and went to cup the ladybeetle in his hand. At his touch, the student turned around. Oh! Sorry! Liam said, half embarrassed while taking his hand away. I was fascinated by a ladybeetle that really seems to like you, and keeps landing on your shoulder.
Really? asked the student. Where? Liam leaned forward and placed one of his hands in front of the ladybeetle in order to coax it onto his hand. After a moment's pause, the beetle crawled onto his hand and as he was starting to pull it towards him to have a better look, it flew away.
The other student saw the beetle fly away and said in a shocked voice, There really was a ladybeetle on me!
Yeah! Well, I dont usually go touching total strangers from behind. By the way, Im Liam, this is Dryden and this is Hayley.
Im Brendan, said the mousey-brown haired boy.
- Chapter Nine -
The Other Occupants
Jayden sat at the dining room table. A world of worry was pasted all over his face. He stared out the dining room window at the magnificent lake in the distance glimmering in the midday sunshine. He ignored the loud chatter and noise that surrounded him. On the table in front of him was a plate full of delicious food, which he normally would have been extremely happy to finish off. At the moment though, the knot in his stomach was pulling too tightly to be able to swallow any quantity of food at all. He picked at the corners of a gourmet sandwich that was sitting on his plate. I dont know how I am going to do this, he thought. I really, really dont want to stuff this up.
Robert was sitting next to him but not paying him any attention, as he was again busy gorging himself on all the food in front of him.
Aaron had just arrived in the dining room. Hey man! Why the long face? Jayden didnt answer at first.
At the long pause, Robert butted in with his mouth bulging with food. I dont know! Hes been like that ever since we got here. If he doesnt start eating that sandwich, I might have a go at it.
Oh Robert! Seriously you are such a pig! Eva chipped in after overhearing the conversation, as she joined the table. Have a heart, and stop thinking about your stomach for a change. Turning to Jayden, she asked, Why are you so long faced?
Jayden still hesitated, although he did start to speak up after a while. You all seem so advanced in your school work. I dont know if I will ever be able to catch up.
Man, Aaron stated, dont sweat it. They dont expect you to be at the top level, especially not yet.
Eva jumped in. I have been here a couple of years now and in all the time that I have been here, I have hardly ever seen anyone being taken away to foster families. Those students who were taken were given all the help they needed, but they just didnt try. With the amount of concern you are showing now, I really doubt you would not try.
Jayden cheered up a little and changed the subject. What is the go with this place? Like how does it run? A couple of the students in graphics said we all do chores! Is that right?
Yeah! huffed Robert. We do have chores to do. We all hate most of them and Avando wont hire cleaners, etc., so some of us are making inventions to complete certain chores for us.
We dont get stuck with the same chores though, as they are rotated and some arent so bad, put in Eva.
What are the chores and when are they done? Our schedule seems so packed as it is.
We have everything from cleaning, cooking, and feeding the animals to watering the plants and growing the vegies. Some chores are incorporated into our lessons and others arent, added Aaron. Right after our next lesson, we have a double Agriculture.
There are animals?
Yeah, Aaron replied, some are pets and others are for eating.
Can we see any before our next lesson?
Well have time to see one of the pets, Aaron replied. Eat up and well go see them.
They all finished their food and placed their dishes in the dirty plate area. They hurried out of the dining room into the common room, then through the lobby and out the door. They headed to the left as soon as they left the mountain before the pool area. Jayden saw a couple of glasshouses and some vegetable garden beds next to them. Close to this was a really large natural looking aviary that looked to be about two storeys high and a standard size house in width. Aaron opened the door and the rest followed. When they all stepped inside, Jayden heard a really loud Hello! He jumped at the sound, as this was not what he was expecting. He turned to see where it had come from. He couldnt see anything. Aaron held out his arm and called, Come, Oscar! There was a moments pause but it was not long before they saw a large floating bird coming down from way up high. The underneath of it was a glorious colour of brilliant red, with some yellow on its wings. Jaydens eyes opened in wonder as the bird floated its way down to them and landed on Aarons outstretched arm. On the head and tail of the bird were strong brilliant colours of red, with a vivid blue on the wings along the edges and yellow in the middle of the wing. Aaron gave the bird a whole nut from a sealed box near the door. Hello! What are you doing? asked the bird to Aaron.
This is Oscar! stated Aaron.
That is one big bird, Jayden noted as he gauged the bird to be about a meter long.
Oscar took one look at Jayden after he spoke and started yelling, stranger! and then screeched at the top of his voice, stranger! He screeched loudly again and kept doing it. Not long after, another large bird looking exactly the same circled overhead and joined in with the screeching until Aaron managed to get a word in.
Stop, Oscar! The birds stopped. This is not a stranger, this is Jayden.
The bird responded with Hello! What are you doing?
Jayden couldnt help but see the funny side and responded with Hello! in return.
Robert laughed. I can see he has you well trained already, referring to Jayden saying hello back. The bird that circled up above started to come down. Then Eva held out her arm and said, Come, Juliette! The bird landed on Eva and she gave her a nut.
They are Scarlet Macaws, a magnificent breed of bird and kind of our noisy security system, Eva filled in for Jayden. They stay most of the time out here in summer, but in winter they fly around inside the common room where it is warmer. While she was explaining all of this, Juliette was checking out Jayden by leaning really close to him and looking at him with one eye at a time, as she turned her head this way and that. She even looked at him from upside down. This made him give out a cackle. Oh, yeah! They are full of character and are never boring, she added.
Can I hold one? asked Jayden.
Sure! Juliette seems quite fond of you. Hold your arm out and tell her to come.
He did as instructed. Come, Juliette! She placed her beak on his arm and pulled herself over.
Oh! Its best if you give them a nut when they do as you ask.
Jayden reached for a nut from the box and gave it to her. She ate it happily and then continued to check him out with one eye at a time. She looked at the back of him over his shoulder, then back closer at his face and then looked him up and down from head to toe, with her head going in all different directions.
She really is something, Jayden said.
Im pretty sure she thinks you are also, Eva laughed.
Can I pat her?
I think she will let you, just take it slowly.
Jayden moved his hand over her gently and stroked her back. Wow!
They stayed with the birds a little longer until Robert said, Its time to go! Its nearly lesson time.
Aaron said goodbye to Oscar and he flew off.
Jayden followed suit and then they left the Aviary. As they started to head back inside they saw Charlie pass them by. Hi Charlie, they all said at once.
Hi there, you four, he responded. Have you been out meeting Oscar and Juliette? he asked Jayden.
Yeah! I did get to meet them. Theyre awesome!
That they are, he agreed as he walked by.
They continued to head back inside for class when Jayden asked, What does Charlie do around here beside driving the limo, and he said something about being a general handyman?
Hes also the Agricultural teacher. He teaches us to grow our food and look after the animals, answered Eva.
Oh! What do we have now? he asked.
Science! Robert answered.
Ohhhh! Jayden moaned expecting another really hard subject that he would not grasp straight away.
Actually this class is different as we have the most awesome teacher, Professor Anna, declared Eva and the other two agreed.
And shes a bit of a kick-butt at Tae Kwon Do also, added Aaron. I saw her practising once, when she thought no one was watching. Shes got some gooood moves, he emphasised.
They arrived at the science room ready for their lesson. There at the front of the classroom was a thin lady who was wearing a white lab coat over her everyday clothes. Jayden assumed she was the teacher. She looked to be in her late thirties to early forties and she had long dark hair, which was pulled away from her attractive but friendly face. The teacher looked relaxed and smiled as the students entered the room. Afternoon students! she said as they entered. Dont worry about getting your textbooks today; take just your exercise books for taking notes. We are going straight to the lab today as we only have one period and we are doing an experiment. So grab your exercise books with pens and travel straight through to the lab, she repeated. She waved both her hands towards the door to the right of the room as an indication if it wasnt already known. She saw Jayden as he passed her. Hi Jayden! Welcome! She smiled a genuine smile. Good to see Avando has rescued another one off the streets. Jayden couldnt help but smile back.
They all filed on into the laboratory and stood around the benches that were already set up with equipment such as aluminium tart pans, acetic acid, iron filings and a pipette. Once they were all inside the lab, Professor Anna followed them in. She looked at Jayden and said, I am Professor Anna Showden, in case you dont already know. You can just call me Anna or Professor Anna if you insist on some formality. I prefer to be on a first name basis, not stuck up with last names like some other professors. She smiled again. Right! She turned to the rest of the class. Today we are going to be making  hmmm  who can tell me? Ashley, whom Jayden had half met earlier in graphics, put her hand up. Yes, Ashley?
Looking at the contents on the bench tops, we are going to be making hydrogen sulphide gas.
Very good Ashley. Now we have six aluminium tart pans sitting on the table. For the people standing in front of these pans, I want you to pour a little of the iron filings into the pan and waft the pan like this. Professor Anna held up a pan with her left hand and with her right hand held open and facing her, with fingers together, she did a little wave from the back of the pan towards her. Once you have done this, pass the pan to a person who has not yet wafted it. The class did as instructed. Did anyone smell anything? they all shook their heads. Okay! Now you have wafted the filings. Take turns wafting the acetic acid in the bottle. While they were doing so, she asked, Has the acetic acid a smell? The students nodded with a slight distaste on their faces. Right, once this is done the people with the pans take a pipette and draw out a little of the acetic acid from the bottle and squirt it gently over the iron filings. They did as instructed with Eva being one of the students squirting the acid. Good! Now waft this mixture. She wafted the mixture as instructed and threw her head back in disgust.
Errrrh! Thats just pure evil! she exclaimed. It smells like rotten eggs.
Professor Anna laughed. Yes! It is pretty bad. It is now what you call hydrogen sulphide gas which is the chemical compound with the formula H2S. It is highly flammable, colourless and very poisonous. It often results from the bacterial breakdown of organic matter in the absence of oxygen, such as in sewers and swamps. Now pass it around for the other students to waft. It is a horrid smell but an excellent example of a chemical change. Once you have wafted, you need to write down notes about the utensils, ingredients and the method used. The gagging of the students continued for a few minutes longer while the rest of the students wafted the gas.
While Jayden had his head down writing notes on the experiment, Professor Anna came up beside him and placed a hand on his shoulder. So, new little Buddy! How are you settling in?
In spite of all the learning again after soooo long, Im loving it. I already have a couple of friends, he indicated Aaron, Eva and Robert, and I am so glad to have a roof over my head and regular food. I am blown away by all of the other extra luxuries that are available here as well.
Well, thats great! Dont you worry about anything! Well get you up to speed in no time with your education. If you have any concerns at all, come and see me. I love to help, especially the new students, she said with all sincerity.
Jayden breathed a sigh of relief. Thank you! he said, as he really did believe that she meant it.
After science had finished, as promised, they now had double Agriculture with Charlie. They headed off outside again, this time with the rest of the class, out to the left and over to the green house area with the extra outdoor garden beds. When they arrived, Charlie was fiddling with the sprinkler system in the greenhouses, standing on a ladder just near the greenhouse door. Oh, hello! It is that time already, is it? Afternoon class! He climbed down from the ladder. We have a busy lesson ahead of us, so lets get cracking. First we are going to plant a good crop of corn in these outdoor garden beds. So half of you take your garden forks out of the shed just there and Ill grab the corn kernels we are going to plant. The students did as instructed. Half of the students went to what looked similar to a really large boulder with a door that had dirt and grass growing on top. Then they all headed over to a huge outdoor garden bed closest to the glasshouse. Now all of you with forks, partner up with someone who doesnt have a fork, spread yourselves out and start churning the ground to loosen it up ready for the roots to grow. Start at the end of the garden and dont go putting forks through any irrigation pipes; we need them working. The rest of you grab a little sack of corn kernels and once the ground is churned with the fork, you will need to start placing these kernels, one at a time, into the ground. Make sure the kernels are planted at least twenty-five centimetres apart and one to one and a half centimetres deep. Do your best to set them in straight rows. The students proceeded with the planting of the corn kernels. Jayden was planting the corn while Aaron was doing the digging. All was going well and the corn was being planted at a quick pace for such a large garden, while the students talked quietly among themselves.
This doesnt seem too bad, Jayden stated, referring to what they were doing. Is this what you guys call, not so bad chores?
Yeah! We dont mind this as we get to go outside and this is way better than say, washing up or cleaning toilets.
Jayden screwed up his nose. I would have to agree with that. I havent even started those and I am already dreading it.
Definitely not our fav He started to say before a large yell came from the other side of the field. They looked over to see one of the students being drenched by a long upward spurt of water. Someone had put a fork through the main irrigation pipe.
Damn it, Damian! yelled Charlie. What part of not hitting the irrigation pipes did you not understand? Charlie yelled at the student responsible. The class had a little giggle at the commotion in play as Charlie started running towards the control tap, further up the line from that place in the irrigation. The students could hear him curse as he was running. After a couple of minutes, he managed to get there and turn it off.
Seriously Kiddo! he said in an upset tone, which was a little more relaxed now that the water had been turned off. What were you thinking?
Sorry Charlie! I really didnt mean it. stammered Damian. I just didnt see it.
Not too bad this time, Charlie grumbled understandingly, At least we have some time to fix it before the next job. Run up to the supplies shed and get the repairing saw and more piping, will you?
Sure Charlie! said Damian as he ran off to the shed.
The rest of the students continued to plant the corn while Charlie and Damian fixed the hole. When they were all done and the equipment packed away, Charlie said, Right, off to the animals. Well be doing the Jacobs today. Jayden looked puzzled, but the others didnt flinch. The class started to wander further away from the mountain and over to a field with an incline, passing several native trees along the way. The students talked amongst themselves as they kept walking, until they had reached a remote but rugged area of the higher side of a large mountain. Where are we? asked Jayden to his friends.
Were at the Jacobs, answered Robert.
Whats that?
Over there, beyond that wooden fence. Cant you see them?
Jayden looked to where Robert was pointing and he could see a wooden fence now, nicely blended into the surroundings running from tree to tree like connecting the dots. Past the fence he saw an odd looking creature he had never seen before. It looked kind of like a sheep but a little smaller, and covered in large black spots all over its woollen coat. The face could have belonged to either a sheep or a goat except that there were four horns attached to its head. Two long, thick and very strong ones protruded from the top of its head, curving slightly outwards and back. Then two other horns extended from near its ears, curving downwards, outwards and forwards in a small semi loop. What kind of animal is that? he asked.
Why its a Jacob sheep! answered Charlie who had overheard the conversation. It is bred for wool, meat and its hide. They can also be kept as pets and they have the ability to grow four to six horns. Because of this they have also been used as guard animals, to protect farm property from theft or vandalism and defend other livestock against predators. Heh! he commented with a half smile, you wouldnt want one of them butting you. He then went back to the conversation, They are also good among rocks and mountains; that is why we chose to raise this breed of sheep. Now today, he said to the whole class after a short time, we are checking on all of the orphan lambs and making sure they are all getting enough water and food. Jayden, you come with me and we will go and check on the automatic feeder.
They started heading over towards what looked like a big metal barrel with dummy teats protruding out from the bottom. Charlie?
Hmmm! Charlie responded.
How do lambs become orphaned in a place like this?
Well Charlie ran his hands through his grey hair while thinking how to explain. Sometimes the ewes reject their young for some reason, or the ewe may have died from a tick or a predator, or maybe the mum just couldnt produce enough milk for her lamb. So we train the little ones to drink from these feeders. He then indicated towards the metal barrel with teats and continued, until they are about six weeks old. Here come some littlies now. Three of the little Jacob lambs had seen Charlie and started to run up to the automatic feeder as Charlie started to fill it up from the big barrel he had brought with them. The lambs started sucking the teats and wriggling their tails at the same time. They were butting the feeder with their noses, as they would do if they were feeding from their mother.
Thats really cute! Jayden said out loud. He reached down to touch one as it was feeding. It ignored him, so he felt the tight little curls of wool on its body. Once the lambs were full, they backed off from the feeder and started to play with each other. Their little bodies were springing around in different ways and positions, twisting and flipping their back legs in various directions. They even played as though to fight, by doing little springing steps toward each other and butting their heads together. This made Jayden laugh. He looked up at Charlie to see he was smiling at their fierce playfulness too. Charlie then looked in a different direction, and Jayden watched the look on his face turn into one of serious concern.
Look out Robert! Run! he yelled. Jayden looked over to the direction where Charlie was looking and saw Robert bending over to pick something up. He suddenly straightened and started running as fast as his heavy legs would carry his large body, while looking over his shoulder at the same time at the fully-grown ram running towards him. The ram had four large horns and chased him with his head down ready to butt with full force. Robert ran surprisingly fast for an overweight boy; however, because he was running in one direction and looking in the other, it did not go very well as he soon tripped over a large tree root and ended up with his face in a mud puddle. A few of the other students standing nearby saw Robert fall and seeing his face all covered in fresh mud, couldnt help but laugh. Seeing his friend fall, Aaron stepped in to distract the ram as quickly as possible. He did a small dance and waved his arms, jumping up and down while moving closer to the ram until it noticed him. When the ram did look his way, he decided that this person moving was a more interesting target than the one face down in the mud. So he started to step his way toward Aaron, who took off into a fast run with his head down. Aaron was so fit from Tae Kwon Do that he proved a good quick match for the ram. He continued to distract him away from the other students and headed towards a distant fence and jumped over it, leaving the ram on the other side, too far away from the other students for him to be tempted to chase anyone else. Once Aaron was safely on the other side of the fence, he turned his backside toward the ram in what was a clothed moon, and did a bum wiggle, while tormenting him with a na na na, na naah na!
- Chapter Ten -
The Surrogates
Afternoon tea break was over. The students started to head out the dining room door and into the common room. What lesson do we have now? asked Jayden.
The most epic lesson ever, answered Robert excitedly with his face now freshly washed.
Second that! agreed Aaron. In this class we break down into groups. In each group, we have the tech heads like Robert and the ones who are better at Tae Kwon Do and physical techniques, like me. We are still kind of in the same class as the two rooms are opened in the middle towards each other and we have the same teacher.
They walked across the marble common room, towards the opposite side of the room close by the guest rooms and turned into a short hallway before the entrance to the guest area. Inside the room they saw several large screens against the walls, a perfect distance away and in the middle was an open space with large mats in front of the screens. The room was dark, so the screens lit up bright and clear. The second room was attached with a door in the middle of the room and in this room there were many computer screens on desktops, with accompanying chairs. It was supplied with a lot more light than the first room. On the far side of the second room stood a tall, thin man with a balding head. His remaining hair was dark brown and a little long, of sufficient length to flap around his face. His back was towards the students and he was bending down over the back of a computer, as if he was trying to either connect or fix something. When he heard the students arrive, he turned around to reveal his thin, pointy face and protruding nose, which was balancing his oversized glasses. He smiled, revealing his oversized teeth and looked as though it might have been his best effort at showing sweetness towards the students.
Afternoon students! Ahh I see we have our new student Jayden with us today, he said looking at Jayden and again smiled his sweetest smile. Welcome!
Thanks! Jayden said uncertainly, not quite knowing why he felt uncomfortable. Perhaps it was just those teeth, he thought to himself. Or maybe it was those massive glasses? I cant quite place it. He seems nice enough though. Then he shrugged it off.
Afternoon Professor Showden! replied Eva. What exciting task do you have for us this afternoon? she asked in anticipation.
He took a deep loud breath before saying, Well my dear, I will be having you pick electronic locks today on your operating systems.
Yes! she exclaimed excitedly while grabbing the air up high with her hand and pulling it down to her side in a fist.
Jayden looked puzzled.
Mr Robert! Robert looked at him. I will have you control that little ladybeetle of yours on the system and have you search for more interesting occurrences in the suspect school we have been watching. Robert also looked happy.
He took another deep loud breath. Aaron! Aaron looked up. You will be operating the surrogate again, because you are naturally better at that. Jayden, as it is too soon to know what your talents are, we will just have you wandering around observing what the other students do here. I believe you will find it very interesting as it is like no other subject you have ever seen before. Professor Showden continued on with the other students, giving them their instructions for the double lesson, while gesturing with his long lanky hands. Jayden watched closely as his friends were setting up for their lesson.
What goes on in here? asked Jayden to Eva.
Well! This class is basically made up of all different operating systems and each of us who has been at The Sanctum for a while has a unique talent so to speak. We practise this during the lesson and sometimes we expand into other areas. My talent is puzzle solving. I have a natural gift for working out number, letter or shape problems. Roberts talent is robotics and Aarons is Tae Kwon Do, or physical fighting. To make things better, the three of us work together on the same project but in different areas so that we can combine our talents. We practise these talents in this lesson on the operating system in order to help us specialise in these areas so that we can use it to make the world a safer place. There has been a lot of terrorism going on around the world and we are working to fight against this. Its even better fighting from a distance. Evas operating system had finished loading, so she turned around to start her work while Jayden peered over her shoulder.
What are we looking at here? he asked Eva while they studied a number pad.
What we have here is an electronic pin pad. My job is to work out the pin number so that Aaron can go through. Robert hasnt recorded this one as he has been placed in a different area.
How do you do that?
Well, first I zoom in to try and detect any fingerprints or dirt that may have built up on the pad. Evas screen zoomed in as she spoke and she scanned it with an extra strong magnifying glass. Five numbers appeared a little dirtier than the others, with one of those numbers being even more so. See the five numbers? she asked Jayden.
Yeah! Its five, one, three, nine and seven.
Yep! And see how the three is a little dirtier again? Jayden nodded. Well this usually means that this number is used twice in the password or access code, so its going to be a tricky one. I have to work it out in one minute from the first button being pressed, or an alarm will be set off. So dont interrupt me for a little bit while I work on this. She put her head down and started seriously concentrating. Jayden watched in silence as she tossed different numbers around and started entering them into the pin pad at a rapid rate. When looking at the screen, she appeared to be entering them with what looked like someone elses hand that moved to the numbers that she had typed on the pin pad in front of her. She had tried many pins that were unsuccessful, but she kept trying, looking more concerned with every entry that failed. Jayden watched the clock on her computer in front of her count down the seconds one by one and he saw beads of sweat starting to form on her forehead. It was all beginning to look pretty grim until after about fifty seconds, when she finally had a win. The soft buzzer sounded on the pin pad and the door opened. Next thing he heard was Aaron yelling through the door. Awesome work Eva! Eva smiled in response to Aarons comment and also from being relieved of the pressure.
That a girl Eva! chipped in Professor Showden giving her a wry smile. Eva looked proud of her achievement and rightfully so.
Jayden moved on to see what Robert was doing. Robert was looking at a computer screen, which also looked like a little mobile camera. He had earphones on over his ears, so to get his attention Jayden had to tap him on the shoulder. Robert took one earphone off and looked at Jayden. What are you doing with your work? he asked.
Well! I am controlling a little robotic ladybeetle from the computer. I have the ability to move her to any place I wish, in any room I need to go. Once there, I can listen in on conversations with the microphone and I also have a video feed to see what is going on, so I am able to record with both methods.
So it is literally like being a fly on the wall but you are a ladybeetle instead? asked Jayden.
Yeah! Thats it!
And this is the ladybeetle that you made, the one that Eva told me about in graphics?
Yep! Sure is.
Jayden looked at the screen in front of Robert. It appeared as though he was watching a classroom full of students. They were all dressed in what looked like white lab coats and looked to be doing science in a classroom. Who are you watching? Jayden asked him.
I dont know where they are for sure, but I do know it is some top-notch smart school. Apparently Avando is having us watch over this school, as he believes they are up to no good and that they make weapons for the terrorists. Dont know if it is true or not but it is very interesting watching some of the inventions they come up with at times.
That is very true! stated Avando in a matter-of-fact tone. Both of the students jumped at the shock of hearing Avandos voice, let alone find him standing right behind them.
Ahh! Good afternoon Avando! Robert said with the shame of a naughty child who has been caught in the act.
Hi! Jayden added with a worried look on his face while swallowing a large gulp, not that they had done anything wrong, but because both had the feeling of guilt from having been caught talking about someone behind their back.
Afternoon boys! How is it all going Robert?
Yeah! Its coming along okay! Not too much happening at the moment.
Fair enough! Keep a good eye on them though; they may just do something sneaky on the side.
Yes sir! Robert responded with respect, turning his head back to look at the screen again while listening to the conversations.
Hows your first day going, Jayden? Are you settling in well? he asked seriously while peering over his long crooked nose.
Kind of! Jayden replied but looked uncertain.
What is the problem?
Well, it is a lot to take in and to catch up on, let alone to receive the good marks you expect us to achieve. Not that I am complaining, he said after a pause, I am just not sure if I can do it, he said with a concerned look on his face.
Avando pouted his lips and his brow crinkled as he was in deep thought. With his thumb and pointer finger he stroked his chin down to a point several times on both sides. I understand where you are coming from Jayden; however, it is now too far off to be worrying about it like that. You seem like a bright kid who is keen to learn and you will have plenty of help. I think you just need to relax a little in your new surroundings, and it will all start to come to you after a while. Very few who really try lose their place in The Sanctum.
Jayden looked a little relieved.
Now, why dont we go and see what Aaron and his room are up to? Avando suggested, more as a statement than a question. They left the computer room and went into the other room, which had the large screens set up on the walls. Each large mat placed in front had a student standing on it facing the screens immediately before them, with a chair not far behind them. They were doing all different, strange and wonderful things and if you couldnt see the screens, you would have thought that they were all a little mad. Some students were walking on the spot, some were running and some looked as if they were fighting thin air. Each screen had a different scenario that a student was dealing with and in turn the screens were responding to their actions. Avando and Jayden stood in the middle of the room, where all of the students backs were facing them, while they concentrated on the immediate task in front of them. This is the virtual room, whispered Avando in Jaydens ear. They watched as Aaron reached down to open a door by its handle. It all looked like a big game of charades, as the door wasnt there in front of him physically. However, if you looked at the screen he was watching, you could see the door handle moving and the door opening so that a person could walk through. They watched as once the door on the screen opened, Aaron started a walking movement, which in turn reflected the movement on the screen. It looked from where they were standing that they were walking along a short hall into a classroom full of neat rows of desks and chairs. On the far side were many windows with frosty white snow gathering around the edges on the outside and down the bottom on the outside sills. Looking through the windows they could see the continuously falling snow. The room itself had a few students sitting in spread out locations.
Hi Brendan! A medium-brown haired boy wearing a blue cardigan waved from the other side of the room. Aaron put his hand up and gave a wave in acknowledgement in return, before walking to the back of the room to find a desk. He found himself one near the back of the class and when he appeared to be standing in front of it, he reached behind him and grabbed the chair in the real room and as the movement was reflected on screen, he sat down. The boy on the screen who Aaron had just acknowledged followed Aarons on screen person and sat next to him. Not long afterwards a female with brilliant red, curly hair and a pale freckled complexion came into the classroom to join them followed by a male with mousey-brown hair.
Hey Brendan! Howzit going? Then without waiting for an answer he said, I havent seen you for a while. 
Whereve you been? asked the redhead curiously.
Hey Hayley! Havent been doing too much, just a little extra study, lied Brendan.
Jayden watched as Aaron spoke softly, but he could hear the conversation on the screen was at an ordinary volume for a normal conversation.
Oh! If we had known that, we probably would have joined you, she replied. We can always do with some extra study.
Ill try and remember next time, Brendan shrugged it off.
You really can be quite vague sometimes, Brendan, stated Hayley with a wry smile.
The classroom around them continued to fill up with students, as it was nearly time for the class to commence.
Does Aaron stay for the class in there as well? Jayden asked Avando quietly.
We try and keep Brendan, Aarons surrogate character in play for as long as we can. Otherwise suspicions may be raised if he is missing too much, responded Avando quietly in return.
How does that work when Aaron is not operating it? Jayden asked.
We have a team from other classes, working on the different surrogates at various times to keep them all operating. Sometimes we have a down time when we can. This is what has just taken place, which is probably why this Hayley at the other school is questioning where he has been, Avando responded.
Sounds like high maintenance. Won't they pick up that something is a little odd? continued Jayden and when Avando gave him a puzzled look, he continued, I mean different people act in different ways and even speak differently. So even though the outside looks the same, the surrogate would act differently when another person is operating it.
Very bright thinking! complimented Avando, as his dark brown eyes lit up with pride. Yes this is true! So to try and eliminate this problem we have chosen similar characters to act behind the surrogate, so the others who act as Brendan will act and speak in a similar way to Aaron. Avando adjusted the position of his walking stick in a way that suggested he was about to move away, Well! It looks as though it will be a fairly uneventful lesson this time. I think I will take my leave and continue on with other matters on hand. Keep watching Jayden. Learn as much as possible. One day it may be you in Aarons position, or perhaps his sidekick, he said in a matter-of-fact manner and started to walk off.
Jayden was a little startled by that statement but turned back to continue watching the screen and Aaron.
~~~~~
The last lesson of the day turned out to be in a general living experience as in duties of the kitchen. The students piled into the large kitchen with Ms Helen directing them to their positions. Good afternoon students! Lots of hungry mouths to feed again, so lets get cracking. She looked hot and flustered after a long day in the kitchen but still ready for the preparation of the last meal of the day. She walked past Jayden and spun around to look at him. Ahh! A new student! 
She had the aroma of a recent application of deodorant spray, which had been applied to mask the stale body odours resulting from the strenuous duties of the kitchen throughout the long day. What will we give you to do? she mused. Jayden looked back at her with a lost expression on his face. Can you peel potatoes? she asked. Jayden nodded. Right then, over here and help Robert. Its about the only job I can give him where he wont eat the food before we can set it on the table for the others. Robert gave off a guilty smile. Jayden sat down on a stool next to Robert and started picking potatoes out of a large crate and peeled them over a bin. When he finished, they were to be placed in the large stainless steel sink to be washed later.
The kitchen was spacious, clean and orderly, with stainless steel benches, shelves and appliances throughout. It had the appearance that Jayden thought a kitchen would have in a top restaurant.
Eva!
Yes, Ms Helen?
Ill have you in charge of the pastas my dear. Ill leave them in your capable hands as I am confident that with your precision and timing, youll have them cooked to perfection.
Aaron!
Yes Ms?
Your knife skills will be put to good use again tonight. Off to the cutting board with the vegies, please.
Yes Ms!
Ms Helen continued drilling out orders for the rest of the class while Jayden watched as they all respectfully followed their instructions. Before long the kitchen was an absolute hive of activity.
Jayden watched in amazement as each student carried on completing their job and then getting on to the next task given to them by Ms Helen. Altogether the effort was enormous, creating a huge number of meals to be served for dinner and dessert. He would never have thought that such an enormous task could be completed by a moderate sized group of pre-teens. He watched as Ms Helen whizzed around the kitchen with such ease and grace, overseeing all of the students work and making sure each would end up a perfect dish for all the students to eat and enjoy. After an extensive amount of work had been completed, Jayden observed the beads of sweat starting to appear across her forehead and the wisps of grey hair curling from the moisture around her plump face. However, she still continued on, caring passionately for the final perfection or each dish for her hungry students.
Do we do this every day? Jayden asked Robert.
Nah! We take turns with the other classes, but we do pretty much end up in the kitchen around at least once a day, either for a different meal or snack, or for dishes. He screwed up his nose in disgust over the dishes chore.
Robert!
Yes Ms? he responded quickly with respect.
I see you are on your last potato! she said in observation.
Yes Ms! Robert agreed.
Right then! After you are finished, I need you to get me the frozen berries out of the freezer so that we can add them to our dessert, she requested in anticipation of a positive response.
Yes Ms! He smiled and then turned to Jayden quietly. Wow! She trusts me not to eat the berries.
Jayden looked at him puzzled and in disbelief. Well they are frozen! he exclaimed.
Oooohhhhh! Robert responded with longing. That is when they are the best!
Everything is the best when it comes to you as food, Aaron commented from his chopping board after overhearing the conversation. You better bring them out without eating them, he added warningly, or you will have a very upset Ms Helen.
Yeah! Yeah! he responded. When havent I brought back enough of what she has wanted?
Yeah exactly! You ate what you thought we didnt need and of course that left us short.
No harm done! Everyone ended up with enough to eat, Robert defended sheepishly. Ill be off now, he said as he placed his last skinned potato in the large sink.
I have warned you! Aaron reconfirmed. Dont mess with the preparation of the food, he said in a knowing manner, anticipating the outcome.
Robert wandered off to the freezer, while Aaron continued his chopping. Jayden watched in wonder as Aaron skilfully chopped the different foods. He was currently slicing carrots and was speeding through them at an incredible pace.
That is some serious cutting skills you have there! he complimented Aaron.
Thanks! Aaron responded as though it was no big deal.
Ms Helen wasnt exaggerating about your knife skills. How on earth did you learn to cut like that at your age?
I have added a few knife techniques from my Tae Kwon Do practice to make it a little more fierce.
What brought you to do that? asked Jayden.
I just love the whole martial arts thing and being able to protect yourself if needed. Also, I may someday need the skill in the surrogate position, he responded in a simple, no big deal attitude.
Do they really think it may come to that? I thought it is more like spying than anything else.
It may come to having to fight someone to stop them from doing something bad and the martial art is the only way you can stop them most of the time.
They continued talking together for a few minutes when they heard a loud cry, loud enough to be heard over all of the kitchen noise. "Oh Robert!!" It screeched, "What have you done?" The whole class of students looked towards the sound to see Eva with her hand latched around Roberts elbow and pulling him towards the sink. There was a look of terror and embarrassment on Roberts face as he was being dragged along. His mouth was held open with what looked like a lot of red and black balls covered in a coat of white protruding from his mouth.
To see what the commotion was all about, Ms Helen bustled over to the two students. "What have you gone and done, Robert?" Taking one look at his mouth she soon had it worked out. "Are you serious? Is that really frozen berries in your mouth?" Robert had a very guilty expression on his face. "I can't even send you to get frozen food without you eating it!" she reprimanded him. Looking again at his overloaded mouth she went on, "and it looks as if you were playing 'chubby bunnies' with them as well!" The rest of the class had gathered around closer for a better look. "How many did you manage to stuff in there?" She reached into his mouth with a scooped hand and attempted to grab out the berries, but with no success. The berries were not only stuck together, they were frozen and attached to the sides of his mouth and his tongue. "Well I never..." she gasped in astonishment. "How did you ever manage that?"
The surrounding students started to giggle at Roberts predicament. His face showed a look of horror because of the position he was in and what a fuss he had caused.
"Right!" Ms Helen stated in a tone of authority. "We're going to need some bottles of water at room temperature." A couple of students went off quickly to grab some bottles. "We will also need a chair!" Another student also quickly carried out this request. She pushed Robert onto the chair and tilted his head back. "Right Robert! Youre going to have to hold your nose and try not to breathe for a little bit," began the instructions. "To melt the ice faster, I'm going to have to pour this over your mouth. Ready?" Robert nodded. She started pouring. The water ran all over his face, down his light blue shirt and his dark brown pants and spilled on to the floor. Piece by piece, the berries started to soften and come away with the help of Ms Helen. She continued this until Robert started spluttering because of the extra water and berries projecting from his mouth. He lifted his head up into a straight position and started to stand up in his soaking wet clothes. At the same time Ms Helen began to cluck with her fisted hands on her hips, Well! Youre not going to do that again! Are you? What on earth got into you to stuff so many in your mouth at once? Even for you that is ridiculous. Not wanting to acknowledge her words with any sort of response, and still looking very pale, he began to let his eyes wander around the faces circled around him in the room.
Seeing Robert was all fixed up again and back to normal, Ryan called out, Congrats to Robert! He is the first person experimental enough to try and play chubby bunnies with frozen fruit. Very inventive thinking! he added sarcastically. With that, the group in the room burst out laughing and started clapping. Robert looked slightly embarrassed as he smiled sheepishly, but took a mocking bow to the class.
Righteo! Thats enough! Ms Helen added in a manner of authority and turning to Robert said, Robert! Go get cleaned up and as for the rest of you, she added disapprovingly, you need to buckle down to work even faster now. There are mouths to feed and due to this drama, we are now running behind. Get cracking! She clapped her hands together a couple of times. The students jumped back to attention and no one was game to step out of line.
- Chapter Eleven -
Evas Shifty Subversion
Jayden lay flat on his back with his legs out straight and arms by his side. Thoughts and memories were slowly flooding back into his consciousness while he lay there on his bed. He became aware that his sheets and blanket were covering his body and the perfect firmness of his mattress was lying beneath him. His eyes were closed and the light and warmth of the sun was registering on the back of his eyelids. This could mean only one thing: that the sun was up once again and it was the start of another action packed day of his new life, which was better than any one of his nicest dreams. 
He slowly opened his eyes and turned his head so that he could look at the most magnificent sight he had ever seen and what was even better was that he had access to it every day first thing in the morning. The view of the majestic waterfall on the opposite mountain started his every morning with the greatest of pleasure. He began to make movements towards the end of his bed, ready to climb down the bunk. It had been about two weeks since he had first arrived here. He was now starting to relax into the whole routine and atmosphere of the college and felt more confident about what he would be able to achieve. It wasnt total relaxation yet, although he was starting to get into the flow of the unique life that he and the others had come to enjoy.
 He made a few more movements towards the end of the bed and started to climb down. He was a little slow going about this at the moment, as every muscle in his body ached from all of the intensive exercise he had been doing at Tae Kwon Do. It was a regular occurrence to be participating in the sport for six days a week. It seemed a little excessive to him at first, but he was realising how much he was enjoying it. He had learnt so much already especially when it came to self-defence. 
After climbing down, he looked around at the other students he shared the room with to see they were all still curled up under their bed covers. In order not to wake them, he went quietly to the cupboard to retrieve his clothes. He gathered them up in his arms and started to head to the bathroom. 
When he reached it, he was a little surprised to see a small group of three older boys hovering around the door to the girls bathroom. They were looking and fiddling with the fingers of the tallest of the boys. When they spotted Jayden, the tallest one with the dark hair, who he thought might be considered as good looking, put his finger up to his pouted lips in a silencing gesture. Not being sure what they were doing and thinking that they were just trying to keep the early bird students quiet, he just smiled in their direction. He continued looking their way, when the dark haired young man placed his hand on the recognition pad for the female bathroom. Ive never tried this theory before, thought Jayden, Ill see what happens although we have been warned.
They waited, but nothing seemed to happen. After a little while the tall teenager put on his sweetest girl voice and spoke into the speaker next to the recognition pad. Scarlet, open the door please! Nothing happened. Scarlet, please open the door, I need to use the bathroom. The male said again in the sweetest female voice he could muster. 
This time the screen near the door lit up. Hello David! Did you really think fake fingerprints and a sweet girl sounding voice was going to fool me? For a start, I scan the whole hand, said the attractive Scarlet face on the computerised screen. Then to Jaydens surprise, water started to squirt out of the wall below waist height and on to Davids pants.
David gave out a little yell and backed away from the wall. He had a nice wet patch right in his groin area. The other older boys with him burst out laughing. Ha! Ha! Ha! he responded back sarcastically. It was then that the siren for the whole school started up, which for sure would wake everyone. It paused for a moment so that an announcement could be made. The message was Scarlets voice loudly broadcasting throughout the building, David Schatzville thinks hes a girl! David Schatzville thinks hes a girl! Then the siren again and the announcement was replayed a few times over and over, enough for everyone to hear in the building. David now had a look of horror on his face and started to hurry back to his room. Meanwhile, his two companions were laughing so much that they were rolling around on the floor.
Jayden laughed to himself. Well, that makes for an interesting start to the day, he thought. Still smiling he entered the male bathroom to find Aaron already freshly dressed. He was standing in front of a mirror drying his hair with a towel. Hey Aaron! Youre up early!
Hey! This is normal for me. I dont sleep much, so I love to go and do my own personal practice of Tae Kwon Do.
So thats how youre so good at your age? Cause you practice so often?
I do practice a fair bit. What can I say, I love it! he finished drying his hair with the towel and then threw it into in the wash chute. I cant wait for breakfast though; Im starving. Come on! Hurry up and get changed and well go to breakfast together. Jayden did as he was encouraged and hurried to get ready. I hear David was being his usual self this morning, Aaron said through the change-room cubicle.
Jayden laughed a soft laugh. Yeah! Dont think Scarlet was too impressed.
Its not the first time hes tried to get past her. She seems to come back with different retaliations every time he tries something.
Really! After this mornings payback, I might have thought he would have had the sense to stop.
Nah! I guess some people are slow learners, or want to do it the hard way every time.
Jayden left the cubicle and threw his dirty clothes down the laundry chute and they headed down to breakfast. When they arrived, Eva was already seated with a large, strong cup of tea in front of her and starting to eat. After filling up their plates, they joined her at the table. Morning! the boys greeted Eva.
Hmmm! she grumbled back. Nearly started drinking coffee this morning.
Nice sleep-in this morning, Cheerful? Aaron questioned sarcastically. Just think how David feels. She half smiled at that thought. The dining room was slowly filling up with hungry, half asleep students. Seems to be more students in here for this time of morning. I guess an all school alarm didnt help. They laughed together thinking of Davids well-deserved embarrassment.
I wonder where Robert is? Aaron asked as a general question. If theres food to be had, hes usually the first one here.
Oh! Hes been here all right! Ms Helen has already kicked him out from stuffing his face over everyone elses food again, Eva informed them. From what I saw, he should have eaten enough to stop himself getting hungry.
Doesnt he ever learn? Jayden asked.
Well put it this way Ahhhh! Nope! she added, pretending it was a hard think.
Really? Jayden responded.
Hes been here with us for three years now and hes gone from a skinny little homeless kid to a fat, blobby tween. I think it has something to do with the fear of not being able to get enough food ever again, Eva informed him. Hes a slob but a good guy overall. Dont tell him I said that though.
Then Aaron stopped in his tracks and looked to the entrance of the dining room. Whoa! Whos that?
They all spun around and looked in the direction that he was looking. Eva piped up, How are we supposed to know? Its just some blonde chick who is obviously new.
Actually, thats Jessica, put in Jayden. He stood up and waved to her and she acknowledged him with a smile.
You know her? Aaron asked in astonishment.
Well! Yeah! Shes one of my street companions who arrived with me. I must admit she didnt look like that when we first got here. Looks like being clean and off drugs has really done her justice.
Jessica started making her way over to the table where Jayden and his friends were.
Hi Jayden!
Hi Jessica! Youre looking great!
Thanks! I actually feel great! I avent felt like this for a very long time.
Where are the others? Jayden asked. Arent they out with you?
Nah! parently we all recover at diffrent rates. I was just the lucky one who cleaned up quicka. She looked towards Aaron, who was unaware that he was still staring at her with his mouth slightly open. Whos your handsome friend? Aarons heart skipped a beat when he realised that she was talking about him.
This is one of my new friends, Aaron.
Hi Aaron, lovely to meet ye. She leant down and kissed him on the cheek.
He blushed and just managed to get out her name, Jessica!
She smiled a perfect smile, which made her blue eyes shine brightly. Call m Jess!
Hi Jess! Im Eva. Please excuse my gaping friend. He hasnt seen a pretty blonde before, she added critically.
Thats perfectly alright! she added sweetly. Its nice to get some good attention, an besides, hes kinda cute imself.
Aaron blushed even deeper while Eva rolled her eyes.
Im famished! Im gonna get some brekkie. She left them and wandered off to the food tables.
Are you right there, Aaron? Jayden asked half teasing.
Huh! responded Aaron still looking at the back of Jess. Oh! Yes! he responded, vaguely. Of course I am.
Uh huh! You are so smitten; its embarrassing! Eva rebuked him.
Yeah! I know shes attractive, but youre gonna have to pull it together, Jayden added.
I know! I know! Of course, youre both right! I dont know what got into me.
Yeah! You went all kinda weird! Eva put in. Youre gonna have to reel it in, or you wont be able to think and do your work, let alone teach her anything at Tae Kwon Do.
Ill work on it!
Jess returned with her plate full of food and sat in between Aaron and Jayden. So lovely t be out with everyone else, she added in between mouthfuls. So far, everyone seems lovely. By th way, there seemed to be a fair bit of commotion goin on when I entered the main buildin with Charlie this mornin. Does anyone know wha that was bout?
They all giggled a little. Oh! That was one of the older boys trying to sneak into the female bathroom, Jayden mocked. I dont think Scarlet took kindly to it.
Dirty rascal! Jess put in and she laughed. No! I could ear she didnt. After another mouthful of food had been swallowed she asked, so what appens after breakfast?
Today we have science first, answered Aaron.
Eewwww! she responded. That sounds like a hard bore for a lesson.
Actually its not! added Jayden, well, it hasnt been for me so far. Professor Anna makes it really interesting and hands on, not to mention she is one of the loveliest teachers here.
Sounds too good to be true. I would ave te see for mself.
Well, its not! Eva backed Jayden up. She is really lovely.
First though, when youre done, we should go and find Robert, Aaron put in.
Jess finished quickly and they all took their dirty dishes to the area ready for washing and left the dining room in pursuit of Robert.
Lets try level one common room first, said Eva while the two boys nodded their heads in agreement.
Once they reached the door to common room one, they found the TV was on and the students could see the back of Roberts head peeking out over the top of the couch. Aaron commented more as a statement than a question, Do we know our boy or what?
Yep we do! Eva agreed. They moved around to the front of the couch, which was facing the TV. Oh Robert!
Hmmm? Robert looked up questioningly.
You still have food all over your shirt. Couldnt you have changed?
Ohh! he answered, as though it hadnt even crossed his mind. He looked around at the others and then noticed Jess.
We have a new student, one of Jaydens street friends, Eva answered his questioning face. This is Jess.
Robert stood up. Hey! he said to her.
Hello to ye too. She took a step closer to him and rubbed his belly like a person would the belly of a Buddha and in a nice tease she said, I can see youve been ere for a while. Robert looked a little embarrassed that a pretty blonde female had just touched his bulging belly, but did not take offence to it as he knew it was not done in a nasty way.
How about you? Go change your shirt and well head to our first class for the day, Eva interrupted to cover Roberts embarrassment. The group waited for Robert near the stairs while he changed and then made their way down to the next class.
Professor Anna was sitting behind her desk looking as lovely as ever. There were several scientific diagrams and equations written on the white board behind the professor. Her face was bent over the paperwork on her desk and an expression of being deep in thought was written all over her face. Her concentration was broken by the banging and bustle made by the students starting to enter the room.
Ahhh! Good morning students! she said with the same welcoming tone she always used.
The students responded with a Good morning! in return as they entered and took their seats behind their desks.
Jayden and his group entered the room with their new addition. Ohh! This must be Jessica! Professor Anna stated when Jess entered the room. Jess looked at her and smiled. Well! Arent you an attractive one?
Eva jumped in, Phiff! You dont need to tell us. Weve had if from Aaron here already, she indicated with her thumb over the shoulder pointing to Aaron behind her, who has had trouble picking his jaw up off the ground ever since she walked into the dining room.
Aaron looked embarrassed. Eva, you know Ive been working on not doing that.
Yeah! But it was so pathetic that I had to have another dig!
Professor Anna smiled. Oh Eva! Leave the poor guy alone. Youre embarrassing him.
Yeah! Eva, leave poor Ari alone, agreed Jess while looping her arm through Aarons.
Ari? spat Eva in disgust. Caw! Youre just encouraging him! she frowned at Jess.
Jess smiled back and then turned to Professor Anna. Lovely to meet you! I have heard really nice things about ye.
Oh how sweet! replied the professor. It sounds as though Avando has already been working on your speech. 
Jess smiled an embarrassed but proud smile. Yeah, he has. Its not great yet, but Im working on it.
When all of the students had finished being seated, she turned to greet the rest of the class. Shall we get started? she said in a statement more than a question. The remaining standing students took a seat.
Right! For today's lesson, we are going to be making an electrochemical cell. Who can tell me what this is?
Evas hand went straight up.
Eva?
There are two types of electrochemical cells. Spontaneous reactions occur in galvanic or voltaic cells and non-spontaneous reactions occur in electrolytic cells. Both types contain electrodes, where the oxidation and reduction reactions occur.
Very good Eva! Youve been doing your homework. Today we are working with the galvanic cell. She walked over to the whiteboard with her diagram of an electrochemical cell. Normally, the anode of an electrolytic cell is positive, while the cathode is negative since the anode attracts anions from the solution. However, with the galvanic cell the anode is negatively charged since the spontaneous oxidation at the anode is the source of the cells electrons or negative charge. This leaves the cathode of a galvanic cell being its positive terminal. In both galvanic and electrolytic cells, oxidation takes place at the anode and electrons flow from the anode to the cathode. In other words it creates a charge for a battery. Now usually this would be made with a salt bridge. However, today we are going to make it a little more interesting; we are going to make a human battery. So everyone, she added in a less educational manner, grab your lab coats, pens and note pads and make your way to the lab. The students did as instructed and followed through to the lab and stood around the lab benches.
Okay! In front of you are two beakers. We are going to fill one beaker with copper metal in 1M Copper sulphate solution and in the other we are going to add zinc metal in 1M zinc sulphate solution.
The students started filling the beakers. Professor Anna waited until everyone was finished. Okay! Now make two of your fingers into a V and dip one finger into each of the solutions.
Aahhh! Professor Anna!
Yes Robert?
Is this going to hurt? he asked hesitantly.
Professor Anna laughed. No Robert! Youll be fine.
Are you sure? Cause I really dont feel like getting hurt right now.
She smiled at his comment. Who does want to be hurt? Yes Im sure! It is only equivalent potential to the voltage of the standard cell.
Oh! I felt it! exclaimed Jess excitably. No, it definitely wont hurt ya, she said to Robert.
The rest of the class followed in unison with a little mutter of excitement from the charge.
Very good, the professor added when all students had participated. Now everyone needs to wash their hands thoroughly.
Darling! Curious over who the speaker was, the students looked and saw Professor Eric Showden standing at the door leading into the science room.
Oh, hello darling! responded Professor Anna.
Can I see you for a minute please?
Of course, hon!
Darling? Jayden whispered to Aaron as a question.
Yeah! You do know that they are married?
Married! he almost choked.
Of course! Didnt you notice the last name is the same?
Yes but that doesnt make everyone with the same last name married, Jayden responded in shock.
Well this time, it does mean they are married and I believe happily too.
But shes so elegant and lovely and he is just I dont know, I guess a little creepy. He whispered in disgust.
Creepy! Aaron said in shock, Hes actually very nice. What makes you think he is creepy?
Oh! Jayden realised then that Aaron really did like him. I dont know. He just sends shivers down my spine. Maybe its just a personality clash.
The students went over to do as instructed while Professor Anna stepped out of the room for a couple of minutes into the science room. Robert was the first of the next few students in line.
Come on, Rollie! Hurry up and move over so that the rest of us can get to the tap.
Jayden was a little shocked to hear harsh words like that here at The Sanctum. So far everyone had been very nice. He and a couple of other students looked over to the person talking. A boy who was a little taller than the rest of the students was looking at the back of Robert. His brilliant blue eyes looked cruel and complimented the sneer on his face, which was framed by slightly longer blonde, tight curly hair. Robert didnt respond in any way and he continued on as though nothing had been said, but those who could see his face knew he was aware that he had been spoken to. Hey Rollie! he kicked the back of Roberts shoe.
Are you talking to me? Robert responded with mock innocence.
Yeah! Im telling you to hurry up, Rollie. He continued to let the sneer sound in his voice. Oh wait! You cant hurry up, can you! If you did you would trip and roll on all of that fat, just like you did in the Jacob sheep paddock. Frankly, Im surprised you fell face first into the mud and not Rollie Pollie on the ground, rolling away like an oversized ball.
Oh, funny boy, hey Damian? Robert responded with a fake laugh. Cause you did such a good job by putting the fork through the irrigation pipes. Though not wanting a fight, he turned back to face the front.
Eva, seeing what was happening, picked up a plastic box sitting on the bench. She couldnt see what was in it but she had a good idea. After Robert finished washing his hands Eva who was standing near the sink with Jessica beside her, pretended to try and open the container, but failed. She turned to Jess. Can you please see if you can open this for me? My hands must be slippery and I cant seem to manage it. Jess took the container from her hands and opened it. Once she had done this she took a look inside and to her horror, it was filled with cows eyes. She screamed and threw the open container forward in shock. The container went high enough to reach Damians head and emptied its contents all over his tightly curled, blonde hair. The majority of the eyes fell to the floor after they rolled down his clothes and on to his shoes, with a few remaining ones stuck in his perfect blonde curls. Instantly you could see even from the back of Damian, the disgust he was feeling.
The rest of the class looked in Damians direction and burst out laughing at the sight of him.
Eva smiled to herself, as she couldnt have dreamed up a better outcome.
He turned around slowly, the anger and disgust easily apparent in the expression on his face as he started to look around for the culprit.
Before he could even speak, Jess, still disgusted with the contents and with the shock still present on her face, blurted out, Oh my Gawd! I am so sorry! I really didnt mean it. Im so sorry! She was trying to make him understand.
It was then Professor Anna returned to the room. What is going on in here? she queried with slight annoyance at feeling that she couldnt trust them long enough to leave the room for a few minutes. She took one look at Damian and also managed to catch the last glimpse of Evas self-satisfied smile.
Jess blurted out, Im so sorry professor! I really didnt mean it!
I know Jess! I can tell by your face. Damian, get yourself cleaned up. Just make sure you leave all the eyes here. Eva start cleaning the floor, she commanded. The rest of you, start cleaning up the benches.
Damian started to pick the remaining eyes out of his hair and once done, left the room for the showers. Once he had left and Eva had finished cleaning the floor, Professor Anna called her over. Eva! A word in the science room, please! she said in a half cranky voice.
Yes Professor Anna! she responded with respect, and followed her into the science room and up to her front desk.
Now, what were you up to in there? she asked a little annoyed.
What do you mean, Professor Anna? Eva responded innocently.
Seriously Eva! Your pretence of innocence does not fool me, she added in a disappointed tone. I saw the self-satisfied smile on your face when I entered the room. Thats a smile of someone who has been up to no good. This is very out of character for you, so I am giving you a chance to redeem yourself.
Im sorry, Professor Anna. she finally admitted. He was being really horrible to Robert again.
How?
About his weight!
Oohh! acknowledgement of understanding flushed over Professor Annas face.
I dont like seeing people bullied anyway and Robert is one of my good friends. Yeah he could lose a little weight, but he doesnt deserve to be bullied over it, she blurted out.
So? added the professor encouraging her to continue.
So I saw the dissecting container near me and gathered that the contents would be gross, as they usually are. I pretended I couldnt open it and asked Jess to open it, cause shes a female and would have had no idea of the contents.
Really? queried the professor, actually a little impressed by the brilliance of her plan.
Yes! To be honest, Im sorry to say Professor Anna, I couldnt have been happier with the results.
No! I can imagine not, but Im sure Jess would have preferred not to have been the pawn.
I know! she agreed, feeling a little sorry for Jess, but she wasnt harmed in any way. Neither was Damian, except for his pride.
Well to be honest, added the professor with a smile, your plan was brilliant in making sure you were not the one actually doing anything to Damian and I will not tell him you were behind the mess because I too do not approve of bullying. Eva looked relieved. However, I cannot allow you to waste our science dissecting organs to do unpleasant things to fellow students, even though it wasnt by your own hand and left partly to chance. So after classes today, you will have to go to Charlie and help him collect more cows eyes so that the experiments can go ahead with eyes that are not bruised. That will be your punishment.
Eva understood the reason for the punishment, but screwed up her nose at the task she was to complete. It wasnt a pleasant one.
- Chapter Twelve -
The Invisible Sniper
Where the heck could Professor Showden be? stated Aaron impatiently. We have been waiting here forever.
Oh Ari! It asnt been that long, disagreed Jess sweetly.
Just ignore him Jess, added Eva. He is just extremely impatient when it comes to one of his favourite lessons.
Its only been ten minutes! added Jayden.
Yeah, but thats ten minutes past the beginning of the lesson, added Robert impatiently, also annoyed that one of his favourite lessons was late in starting. Its locked too! he turned the room door handle with disappointment at its refusal to open.
The students due to attend the class were waiting with increasing impatience outside the video combat room, with their numbers spilling out into the extravagantly marbled common room.
Where could he be? Aaron asked again. Hes never late.
Good day, everyone! All students spun around to face towards the common room where the voice had come from. A surprised Good day Avando was uttered in a response of respect, when they realised the greeting had come from him. The students instantly started to move to create a path, expecting that Avando was there only to pass through to his office, which was based down the corridor near the video game room. Avando smiled when he realised what they were doing. Thank you! But you can stay where you are. I will be taking your class today. Murmurs of excitement passed quietly through the students. Professor Showden, unfortunately, has a major technical error he is currently working on. He is inside the rooms and has locked you all out so that he wont be disturbed. 
Robert had a guilty look across his face, when he realised how much noise he must have been making while jerking at the handle arrogantly trying to open it. I do apologise I have kept you all waiting, but I was at the rehab building collecting our rehabilitated new students. Please welcome Taylor, Ben and Declan. He shuffled to the side with his cane to reveal the three new students who had been standing behind him. Jayden and Jess smiled at each other and then at their friends from the street, happy to see them finally join the main group. Today, seeing your room is off limits for now, we are going to be doing something different. Its a beautiful day, so I have set up laser skirmish outside. I will split you into two teams and the team with the last person standing will win. Now, anyone who shoots his own team member will lose double points for their incompetence, as it is not good form to shoot one of your own team. So make sure you familiarise yourself with your team members. They followed Avando out of the building to the area off to the right, past the waterfall pool, to a more densely covered section of trees and scrubs. Excited chatter was audible from the entire group.
Whats laser squeamish? asked Jess to Aaron.
Laser skirmish, corrected Eva overhearing the question.
Ahh! Yeah that! Jess agreed.
Its kind of like playing army. We all hide in camouflage and attack the other team with laser bullets.
Bullets! Does it hurt?
Well, theyre not bullets really; theyre pretend bullets  electric bullets, you could say, Aaron added excitedly
Electric bullets! It still sounds like it would hurt, she protested in shock.
It wont hurt too much, added Eva. You will only feel a buzz equivalent to a very small electric shock in the spot where you have been hit. It will then register on your uniform, exactly where you were hit and whether it was fatal or not.
Our guns and uniforms are all connected to Scarlets main system electronically. She tells us at the end who was the best person, best team and if anyone shot their own team member or not, added Robert excitedly.
I am really not looking forward to electric shocks, said Jess sulkily.
They stopped when they arrived at the pile of camouflage army uniforms, with laser sensitive target areas and the laid out laser skirmish guns. I had Charlie set this out for you a little earlier. Now everyone take a uniform and put it on over your clothes. Then, when you are finished, each of you take a gun. He allocated them into their teams with Aaron, Eva, Robert, Jayden and Jess being on one side while Taylor, Ben, Declan and Damian were part of the other team. Now if you need to recharge your ammunition you will need to come back to this place right here. Now remember, it is open, so you will be more exposed to attack. The action begins in five minutes after the start, to give everyone time to get into their positions. If you are still out in the field hiding and you hear this horn, he sounded the extremely loud horn which sounded similar to a foghorn, it will be your call to come back in as everyone else is finished. Okay! Now everyone, good luck and scatter.
They all ran off in different directions with guns in hand. Jayden had never played before, although he had heard others talk about the game at school before he ended up on the streets. He started running off in the same direction alongside Aaron, Jess, Eva and Robert, but after a few minutes of getting into their positions, he noticed just how much noise the four of them were making. So he started to break off a little, inching his way further and further away while still being able to hear their whispers and crunching of leaves and sticks from a distance. 
He found a nice sturdy tree to hide in with a few solid branches leading up higher to the top and lots of coverage from the foliage. He dug his shoe into the bark while grabbing every ledge he could find and edged his way up to the first strong branch. Feeling too exposed, he continued climbing up the next few branches until he was satisfied that he could not easily be seen. He sat himself with his back against the trunk and his legs lying along the branch, while he casually looked around at places he could see on the ground. After a little while, he saw a movement out of the corner of his eye and glanced over to see what it was. There was definitely some kind of green movement down below. He let his eyes wander to what appeared to be a clearing through the branches with a view of the ground. He studied the area by looking at it through the telescopic sight on his gun. Off slightly to the right side of the open space he spotted the ammo station. Bonus! he thought. I can keep an eye on it from here.
A scream sounded in the distance, he thought from his left hand side. He smiled to himself thinking that one of the girls had just been hit, probably from the other side, by the location of the scream. A movement then took place in the plane that was equipped with the ammo. He glanced over and saw it was not a green movement. To be sure who made the movement, he held the gun up to look through the telescopic sight. It was Avando and he was studying something in his hand. What was he holding? The curiosity got the better of him and he focused on the object through his telescopic sight. It appeared to be some sort of electronic device. Avando was turning and facing it in the different directions where the students had run off to and at the same time he was looking at the screen, while positioning it in various locations. It must be some kind of tracking device, thought Jayden. He looked at his uniform and at the electronic plate, which was positioned on his chest on the front of his suit. Hmmm! Interesting! There must be some kind of tracking mechanism inbuilt into these. he thought to himself.
This time a yell came from out in the distance. These suits must give off some kind of punch in their shocks, he thought to himself. Again, a movement flickered down below with a couple of cracking sounds like branches breaking. He pulled his gun up to his eye to have a better look and he spotted long, blonde hair peeking from underneath a green camouflage hat. It must be Jess. he thought. Not far from this, he saw another movement. He watched the spot closely. This shape moved more with the finesse of a warrior. He continued to watch, in case it was the opposing team sneaking up on Jess. The figure made its way closer and closer to Jess. He couldnt get a good enough view of the face, so he quietly climbed down a couple of limbs of the tree he was in to get a better angle. When he reached the limbs below, a crow landed on a branch not far from his position. It gave out a loud cry. Knowing it was only a bird, Jayden kept his eyes firmly on the figure he was watching. He was rewarded for his persistence when Aaron looked up at the bird that made the sound. He had looked straight past Jayden and had not noticed him, though Jayden clearly saw him. When Aaron had looked away again, Jayden thought to himself while shaking his head, He is such a sucker. Of course, it would be Aaron near Jess.
Suddenly, there was gunfire from behind them. They missed, but this caused Aaron to dive out of his safe hiding place and dive to Jesss rescue, instantly placing himself in danger. Jayden looked around to try and see where the firing had come from. Whoever it was, they were well hidden. After a few minutes the shots sounded again, this time Jayden caught a glimpse of the perpetrator. It was Damian, with his tight, blonde curls tucked firmly under his hat. With his heart racing, Jayden fired at him and he managed to clip his shoulder with the shot. Damian let out an anguished yell from being hit, but Jayden was too late. Aaron had let out a louder yell as Damian had managed to shoot him with a fatal shot. These appeared to give off a stronger shock. This meant Aaron was out of the game and Jess no longer had Aaron to protect her. Jayden lay flat on the tree branch and aimed his gun at Damian again. He could see Jess was now working herself up into hysterics, spinning around in a circle looking for the shooter and thinking she was about to be shot. Jayden didnt let this distract him while he aimed and fired. An extremely loud scream sounded from below. It was Jess. She had been fatally shot out of the game and was feeling the shock go through her with a loud protest. 
Sad that he wasnt able to save her, Jayden took another glance in the direction of Damian and saw that he had also been shot. His arm was limp from the shock he had received and was using only one arm. Jayden quickly aimed and fired, this time finishing him off. A satisfied smile crossed Jaydens face when he heard the fatal yell from Damian. A confused expression crossed Damiens face as he searched the trees looking desperately for the shooter who caused his game to end, but to no avail. 
Knowing his position was now partially given away from the loud yells of the others, Jayden waited until these three had left the area and headed back to the base. He triple checked that there were no others currently moving around his immediate area and climbed down the tree in search of another vantage spot. He stealthily moved through the shrub and trees without making any loud sounds. He was being mindful of every step to be sure that he didnt stand on any twigs or branches and at the same time keeping low, constantly looking around for any sign of an opponent. 
A green movement flashed across his peripheral vision. His heart raced as he glanced in the direction of the movement. Only a palm frond! He breathed a sigh of relief and he moved around a little more through the scrub, coming across a little creek. It was not very deep and he found it easy to move across on the rocks. He continued on through a furtive groove amongst the trees again, in search for a good vantage spot. Another movement in his peripheral vision and his heart began to beat through his chest. This time it was another person. He couldnt see who it was, so he crept closer to have a better look. His heart was beating so hard and fast that it was making it difficult to keep the finesse in his movements. The person was coming closer towards him, so he backed himself up under a shrub that framed a gigantic rock and peered through its leaves. He was surprised just how much vision he had of everything in the area from this little shrub. Content with his hiding place, he stayed put and watched the person from their back.
It was so hard to tell who it was from the back, especially with the hat on. Patience and skill was a must to become the winning team. Who was that in front of him? While he was waiting patiently for the person to turn around, he saw another motion in the distance. This movement was green and lying low, like it was a lion on the prowl stalking its prey. He slowly reached for his gun and brought it up to his face so that he could peer through his telescopic sight. He aimed it at the person farther away as he may have a better chance at catching a glimpse of the face. It was Taylor. He aimed the gun at Taylors hat and pulled the trigger. A satisfying yell came from Taylors direction. Jayden pulled the gun down away from his eye and peered at the person closer to him. They had turned around and revealed their face to him while they were looking for the invisible shooter. It was Eva, but she still hadnt seen him. He smiled to himself for he knew she could not find him. He would have stepped out to tell her it was him, but he could not risk being spotted by a potential enemy who may have been already invisibly watching Eva. Instead, he backed into the bush even more, careful not to rustle any leaves. Jayden had expected to feel solid rock behind him when he had backed further into the bush, but was surprised to feel a large gap instead. He turned his head to have a look and to his astonishment, there was something like an underground cave behind him. He backed up further to the entrance and peered in. It was about the size of a standard living room. He climbed down into it and looked around. He had a little torch attached to his uniform at the front, so he turned it on and shone it around. 'What a perfect little hiding place,' he thought to himself. After having a good look everywhere, he turned the torch off and saw a little bit of light was shining in from a couple of different areas. Going over to the light sources, he noticed it was like a little window in a bunker. How set am I now? he thought. Continuing to look out the window for any sign of further movement, he saw the vision was long and sparse. Besides the couple of really bushy shrubs, he believed he now had a better view of what was going on around him at ground level.
Jayden spotted Eva moving around. To his right he heard a sound that was much louder than was necessary from someone walking through the bush, cracking branches and crushing leaves. It was no surprise that it was Robert who was the one making the noisy footprints, treading like a baby elephant rather than a creeping lion. Gunfire sounded in the distance followed by yelling from Robert. Naturally he had made so much noise that the enemy had found him. Eva dropped to the ground while Jayden joined her to look for the other team. A few silent minutes had passed before Robert recovered and was starting to move back to base. Come on! Move! Jayden was thinking, mindful of the other team. Finally, there was movement in the distance. Slowly, like a stalking tiger, a figure was making its way toward this area where they were hidden. Jayden slowly, and with as little movement as possible, pulled his gun sights to his eye to view the creeper more clearly. It was Ben. He took aim and pulled the trigger, hitting him in the leg. As only a soft yell sounded, Jayden knew it wasnt over yet. Eva was still trying to see where the shots had come from and where they were being aimed. She had raised herself a little to look around. Jayden set his sights again, aiming firmly at Bens chest and pulled. This time there was a loud yell. Yes! Jayden thought smiling. He now liked this game immensely.
Out of nowhere there was another shot fired and Eva screamed. Damn! Where did that come from? he cursed to himself as Eva fell to the ground. Jayden ran to the other bunker window. Instantly, he saw a movement in the corner, so he set his sights and looked through his telescopic sight. It was Declan. He was making his way towards Eva with a gloating look on his face. Jayden aimed at Declans chest and pulled the trigger. Instantly Declan fell to the ground yelling. Yes! Jayden was very happy he had avenged his new friend and teammate. He pulled his gun back down and continued hiding while at the same time searching for any more sneaky movements. This is definitely an awesome hiding place. I will have to remember where this is, in case we do another one of these games.
It was only about ten minutes later that he heard the horn indicating that it was time to return. Knowing he hadnt been shot, he knew he was to be the winner of this round. With a big self-congratulating smile on his face, he crawled out of the hole and took note of landmarks so that he could find it easily next time and then headed back to base. On arrival, Avando saw him coming in and held his arm out welcomingly towards Jayden. He said with a smile on his face, Ahhh! Heres the champ! Congratulations on a great effort. Your team misses out on dish duties tonight. With that comment, Jaydens team cheered loudly. Tell me though, where were you? You disappeared off the radar.
Since he didn't want to give his secret hiding place away, Jayden pretended he didnt know what Avando was talking about. What do you mean? I was just hiding in the trees like everyone else.
Really? How strange! Scarlet couldnt tell me where you were, yet I can find you now on here, he observed while holding up the tracking device to check. Ill have to have my tracker tested. Very good work, students. Avando and a few of the students walked over to Charlies shed to drop off the uniforms and skirmish guns, while the rest of the students continued making their way back to the main building.
Where were you? Eva asked Jayden.
Just hanging about! Jayden responded elusively.
So youre not going to tell us then? she said a little annoyed.
Well, put it this way. If we play again and Ive told you and youre on the other team, I wont have my special place anymore, will I?
I guess not! Its kind of strange though, with the tracker missing you and all. Its like you were buried or something. Eva added.
I guess that is one way of putting it. Jayden smiled, happy that no one was able to find him, even on the tracker.
How did you go Jess? Eva asked her.
I had handsome Ari ere, looking after me for a while, till he got shot. she responded while putting her arm around him fondly and Eva rolled her eyes.
Jayden, who was walking next to the pair, saw out of the corner of his eye a large hand appear from behind Aaron. The hand then reached forward and slapped him across the back of the head. Aaron spun around while Jess released him in shock, to see that the offender had been Taylor. Hands off me girl, dweeb! Taylor demanded Aaron.
Aaron, who was not quick to attack, was a little overcome with shock but at the same time stood in readiness in case of another attack. What are you talking about?
Thats me girl your layin ands on.
Really? She never mentioned having a boyfriend, Aaron disagreed.
Yeah! Well, she is still me girl, so back off, Taylor repeated.
Jess stepped in. Taylor, stop it! Y know Im not ye girl.
Well if I cant have ya, no one can! Taylor said to her.
What is wrong with ya, Taylor? Jess asked.
Stand back Jess! I dont want ye gettin urt, Taylor commanded. Jess took a step forward. I said step back! He spat.
Jess stepped back and Jayden stepped closer. Taylor, what are you doing?
Back off Jayden, this is not ye fight. Taylor spat at him.
Its no ones fight! You have just lost a couple of marbles in your head. Thats all! Jayden announced.
Taylor took an aggressive step towards Aaron and Jayden stepped further in towards the middle. Look Taylor, leave it alone. You are picking on the wrong guy. Aaron is a nice person, but he is also an expert at martial arts. You dont want to be fighting with him!
Hes just a pipsqueak tryin te steal me girl.
No, hes not! Trust me, if you had seen him in fighting action, you would thank me for stopping you, Jayden argued.
Bugga off Jayden. Taylor took a swipe at Aaron, but Jayden stepped in and blocked it so that Taylor took a swipe at Jayden this time. Jayden blocked it again but did not fight back as he was still trying to talk some sense into Taylor. I said bugga off! Taylor roared at him but towered over him by about ten centimetres because of their age difference.
No! Jayden said calmly, surprised by his own swift blocking moves he had just made.
This time Taylor went for the full attack. He threw a punch straight at Jaydens face. Jayden avoided it and pushed the punch to one side while at the same time stepping closer towards Taylor. He placed his right foot behind Taylors right leg, while he firmly placed a straight arm across Taylors chest. Then he grabbed the arm at Taylors far side and pushed him firmly backwards over Jaydens leg, which was crossed in Taylors way. This sent Taylor falling rapidly backwards towards the ground in shock. Surprised how far his self-defence technique had come in just a couple of short weeks, he looked at the reactions on the faces of the people around him. He saw that they were not looking at him though; they were looking just past him. He turned his head to look in that direction also and saw Avando behind him. Jayden was sure the colour had drained out of his face. Now Ive done it! he thought. To try and save face, he reached down to give the startled Taylor a hand up. Taylor knocked it away with a look of pure hatred firmly fixed in his eyes.
You two, my office, now! It was said quietly but firmly, with no yelling. The rest of you continue on with your normal tasks set for the day.
Jayden and Taylor followed Avando silently to his office, passing the video games room to find it still securely closed off and locked. They walked along until they stopped outside Avandos office. Right! Taylor, I will speak to you inside first. Jayden you wait out here. Taylor followed Avando into his office leaving Jayden waiting nervously in the hall by himself. He waited for what seemed like a very long time, but in reality it was probably only about five to ten minutes. He twitched his fingers and thumbs, wishing that his meeting with Avando were already over. He dearly hoped that Avando would not favour the idea of kicking him out of the school because of this one incident.
Taylor emerged from the office with a grumpy look on his face and headed down the hall into the common room without saying a word. Come in Jayden! called Avandos voice from his office. Jayden walked hesitantly through the door. Close the door, would you? Avando had no particular tone in his voice other than a straight business tone. Sit! Jayden followed the instructions precisely, as someone does when trying to make a good impression.
It was quite a performance you put on out there, Avando stated in the same level tone, showing no expression.
Jayden, thinking he was being reprimanded over the small fight, responded with remorse, Yeah! Sorry Avando! I thought I was doing the right thing by protecting my friend.
Protecting your friend Hmmm, thats one way of putting it. I now know what we are going to have you do, Avando said deep in thought.
What would that be Avando? Jayden responded worrying that he was in so much trouble.
You are going to be our first roving surrogate.
What? I mean, beg your pardon?
Yes! Yes! Thats it, he said excitedly. You will be a surrogate, free to hide and watch without interacting with others at that suspect school.
Ahhh is that my punishment? asked Jayden confused.
Hhmmm? Avando looked confused. What do you mean punishment? You did an outstanding job out there today. Ive never seen anything like it!
But I thought I was asked here to be punished for the fight I just had with Taylor.
Oh that! Avando responded now fully understanding. You werent fighting, you were just defending. Taylor was the one fighting. An awesome job at defending also, I might add, he said smiling.
Jayden breathed a sigh of relief. Okay then! Thanks.
- Chapter Thirteen -
Tragedy Strikes
Oh my Gawd! Have you seen this? Eva was worried and in shock as she ran out of the level one common room. She had bumped into Aaron and Jayden coming up the stairs from the main common room. They had just finished their evening meal and were looking forward to a relaxing night. After all, they had been relieved of their dish duties because of their win at skirmish. Eva had already guessed the answer by the blank look on the faces of the two boys. She grabbed them both vigorously by the sleeve of their shirts and started to drag them into the level one common room. Once inside they could see only a couple of people in the room including Robert in his usual place on the couch. The TV was on with what appeared to be the latest news. It showed a busy train station packed with people at rush hour on their way to work for the day. The footage on the TV was not clear, but certainly it was obvious enough to see what was going on at the station. It looked to be a recording that had come from a security camera. At first it appeared to be a normal start to the day, with people rushing to and from the trains, until the screen showed a quick messy flash and then all went blank. The next picture shown was of a large hole in the ground, filled with piles of rubble and the news reporter stating that this hole was once where the train station once had been.
Wh ... what happened to all those people? Jayden asked the dreaded question out loud, knowing perfectly well that he had understood what the TV reporter had already told them.
They're gone! Aaron responded in astonishment, thinking about the amount of times he had sought refuge in a train station when he was homeless.
How could someone do this? asked Jayden.
That cant be true! Jess had come in behind them followed closely by Taylor, Ben and Declan.
Its on the news! Eva stated, trying to convince herself and Jess that it really was a reality.
Dont you remember what we saw on the first day here? asked Jayden in disbelief of her comment.
Her face clouded over in thought and confusion. Its gotta be just a movie. No one would do that to ordinary people, she disagreed.
Aaron shook his head.
Let em believe what they wanna believe, Taylor added cynically, Them idiots would believe anythink. Ben and Declan sniggered in the background.
Now Taylor, no need to be so nasty. Let me show ye around some more, away from this group before ye start another fight. She grabbed Taylor by the arm and led the group out of the room.
We have to go and find Avando to see if he knows who did this and if we can help, Eva said. After all, he really hates this kind of behaviour and thats why he has us keeping an eye on that school, to see if they are up to anything of the sort.
Where is he? Do you know? Aaron asked everyone present. They all shook their heads.
Why dont you ask Scarlet? added Robert.
Hmmh! Trust you to think of the easiest and most effortless option, Eva blurted at Robert. Smart thinking as per usual. she praised him before going over to the Scarlet communication point in the room. Scarlet! The screen flickered up with Scarlets face. Wheres Avando?
Oh! Avando is currently in his private quarters upstairs where students should not be disturbing him.
Well this is an emergency! Eva blurted back while preparing to leave.
I would still not go and disturb him, Scarlet warned.
Yeah right! she said as she walked away with the boys following closely behind.
Children! Scarlet muttered disapprovingly before disappearing.
I heard you Scarlet! Eva yelled back.
They made their way up the stairs to level two, which was mostly occupied with teachers quarters and the highest senior students, as well as Avandos own luxury quarters.
They moved quickly along the long hallway overlooking the common room two stories down, passing several doors that were entrances to many teachers rooms on their way to Avandos quarters. It was the first time Jayden had been up on this level, so he had a good look around, marvelling at the glass ceiling not to mention the common room for the senior students, which had an expansive view of the fields and mountains on the opposite side to the dining room.
They reached Avandos door and were surprised to hear yelling coming from inside the room. This was really out of character for Avando. What do you mean you dont know who did it? they heard him yell. Aaron knocked timidly on the door. I need to find out whos responsible for this now! The yelling continued from inside while the door knock was ignored, if indeed it was even heard at all. Then find out! They heard a loud bang on the desk inside the room followed by cursing.
Eva turned to Aaron. Seriously Aaron, for a third Dan black belt you can be quite gutless at times. She stepped forward and knocked loudly on the door again.
But its Avando  and hes mad, he defended himself.
They heard footsteps coming toward the door and then, before it sprang open. Oh! Hello, Avando said with surprise. What are you all doing here? he asked dismissively. His hair look dishevelled and deep lines of stress were clearly evident on his face. The students were a little shocked as it was not like the Avando they had seen just a few hours ago.
Eva stepped in, Sorry to disturb you Avando, but we were wondering if you had heard the news?
Hmmh? he responded with a distracted vague expression.
About the train station, Robert added.
Oh yes, yes. So tragic! he said. I have been trying to examine the disaster to find what happened and what went so terribly wrong.
Is there anything we can do to help? asked Aaron.
Oh, I doubt it. He brushed them off absentmindedly. I have my senior students working on an answer. After a small pause he said, Actually his face lit up with a positive thought, I could use you all to have a look at that school we should have been watching today, if you had your proper lesson instead of skirmish. It wouldnt surprise me if they had something to do with this. Yes  yes! Thats it, he added enthusiastically.
But wont Professor Showden be in the room still fixing that major technical problem? asked Robert.
No  no! He finished not long after your skirmish game. Whats even better is that I had your surrogate flown into the school this afternoon, in face straight after I told you about your new role, he added, looking at Jayden with a smile at the thought. So now youre right to go on your first field work at the school, as well.
Wouldnt someone have seen you dropping a surrogate off at the school? Jayden asked.
Well, it wasnt right in the school. It was to an undercover area nearby.
Jayden looked a little shocked at the thought of being on the field so quickly. Ahhh! Okay then. Let's work on finding out who is responsible, Jayden agreed.
Perfect! Avando sounded more positive now that he had some help. Ill just knock on Professor Showdens door to get him to set it up for us.
They followed Avando to a couple of doors further down the hall on the teachers side and waited as he knocked on the door. Shortly after, the friendly face of Professor Anna appeared in the doorway.
Ahh! Lovely Professor Anna, is your husband around? Avando asked.
Oh, Avando! No, Im afraid Eric is working on the cause of that horrible explosion at the train station. He has gone down to the video rooms.
Wonderful! Thats exactly where we wanted to meet him. Such a good honest spirit he is, always working for a good cause.
That he is Avando, agreed Professor Anna. That he is. Oh, hi guys, she had just noticed the children and they nodded back in acknowledgement. Which reminds me Avando, did you hear the latest?
No, I dont think so.
They found the cause of the blast.
Oh, what was it?
Would you believe it, that was a bomb packed on a remote controlled toy train? Each carriage was packed full with explosives. Imagine that. Set off by a kids toy. A train brought down the train station, she added shaking her head in disbelief while closing the door.
That makes me think that school is even more likely to be a suspect, added Avando to the students. Its hardly likely a toy train would be used by an adult, dont you think?
The students agreed. The group continued on their way down to the video combat rooms.
When they reached the door it was closed, so Avando knocked on the door. Professor Showden! I have some of our students here to help with our investigation.
While they waited at the door, they heard hurried movements and banging sounds coming from the two rooms. After a few moments, the door was opened and Professor Showden stuck his head out to see who had arrived. A huge smile, showing off those oversized teeth, crossed his face in an overly polite manner when he looked at the children. Oh, lovely! Welcome! Come on in, students. How nice of you to come and help. We need all the assistance we can get. He was overly welcoming as he stood back opening the door wider for them to pass, gesturing with an open arm to guide their way into the room. The group came through and were quickly taking in the scene of how many computers and screens he had running already. I made sure I turned on a few extra devices for you to work on just before I opened the door. I wanted to be certain that they were warmed up and ready to go as soon as possible. Oh and Jayden, congratulations on your game today. I hear you were more than spectacular. He looked at Jayden with a curious expression of interest with his beady, brown eyes peering over the top of his large glasses.
Thanks! he responded humbly as if it was no big deal.
Lucky we were organised and had your surrogate dropped off near the school earlier. Youll get to put your skills to the test straight away.
Hopefully I will work out how to operate it quickly, Jayden added a little uncertainly.
Youll be fine, Avando added reassuringly.
Eva, I want you to assist Jayden in breaking into the school grounds and helping with any codes he and Aaron may need broken, as well as keeping your eye out for anything unusual. Robert, you can operate your ladybeetle to spy on the most interesting room you can find, Professor Showden instructed. Eva and Robert went straight to the video game room while Aaron and Jayden remained in the virtual video combat room. Aaron attached all the sensors to the correct positions while Avando and Professor Showden helped Jayden get set up. Once he was all ready, they did a few tests.
Okay, now to see if you have it all done correctly and that you understand how it moves, I need you to move your arms forward into your vision, one at a time. Professor Showden instructed Jayden. Jayden moved his own physical arms back and forward, around and across, in front of himself into his vision, while looking at the screen in front of him at the same time. He saw the hands and arms of a dark complexion that were not his move around in front. It was almost as if they were attached to the camera, filming the movements at the same distance that the eyes would be from his real arms.
What a strange sensation! he said in wonder.
Very good! Now try your legs, Avando encouraged.
Jayden did a similar movement with his legs in front. Ha Ha! he chuckled. Would you look at that?
Now down to the right here we have a screen with your location, done by the inbuilt tracking device on your surrogate. If you lose perspective of where you are, you can view this so that you will know which way to move. This map is created by satellite and is currently on satellite view, but it can be changed to a normal map perspective instead. Professor Showden pointed at the same time showing him the different perspectives. Jayden glanced down and noted there was an outlined plan of the school he was about to enter. The main layout appeared dark on satellite, due to the darkness of the night. The school was still outlined faintly and a bright dot appeared outside the school grounds and off a little to the right. This would have been the location of his surrogate. When the professor changed the view, it looked almost like a plan of the school with a road map around the area. So do you see where you have to go? asked Professor Showden. Jayden nodded and started to walk in the direction of the school glancing at the map, making sure he was heading in the right direction. He came to a large wire fence, which he viewed from a distance while hiding behind a row of trees. He noticed that the ground was a little wet with very small patches of almost melted snow in some sheltered corners. According to the electronic map, this was part of the back area of the college and it was all sealed off from the outside public. He remained behind the trees while he assessed the area and took a mental note of all the monitoring.
Before now, we havent had anyone else operate the way you are about to operate at this school. We want you to be like a ghost moving around the school grounds Jayden, just like you did in skirmish. Avando instructed him. So try not to leave any evidence that you have entered the school or have been sneaking around. Jayden nodded. He noticed there were surveillance cameras focusing at various areas and at different times. Just for your information, there is an electromagnetic radiation device in the top pocket of your shirt.
Whats that? asked Jayden while feeling inside his top pocket on the surrogate and to his surprise, his hand pulled out something that looked similar to a normal cell phone.
It contains an electromagnetic radiation field. If you were to point it at a particular electronic gadget which is transmitting information, it would interfere and distort that information and render it to be unrecognisable to the viewer or listener.
Wow! Thats impressive. How did you come by that and how do I use it?
One of the senior students invented it. All that you need to do is point the top of it at the electronic device you wish to distort for a while. This should give you access to pass those security cameras without being picked up or seen, but you will still need to be quick so that you do not alarm the person watching the camera.
Thats awesome! He remained crouched using his robot zoom on his vision to see up close if there were any cameras detecting movement along the outside perimeter. He spotted a couple surveying the area in front of him. He concentrated on those and watched the timing of the rotations and worked out the exact area they were surveying. Once he had worked out their rotations and distances he focused on a good access point for entry that would only disturb one camera and only for a very short time. 
Found one! he thought. Slightly off to the right there was only one camera focused on the area. The fence also appeared to have enough slack in it so that a person, who was very strong and small, would be able to lift it up and slide underneath. With his heart now beating strongly in his chest, he could hear the pulse in his ears. He waited for the first break in the rotation of the cameras, to enable him to crawl forward and get close enough for the electromagnetic radiation device to be able to work efficiently. He managed to get close enough and shone it at the camera before it rotated back to spot him. He slipped his arm through the fence and propped the device up against a rock just inside the fence and aimed it at the camera. With his blanket of electronic invisibility now in place, he lifted the fence up enough to slide under. He was lucky the robot was so much stronger than he would be as it was quite a tough lift. 
Once through, he quickly dusted the damp grass off his clothes and then picked up his electromagnetic radiation device, careful to keep it aimed at the camera until he was safely out of sight. He leant up against the closest wall and waited until he had control of his fervently beating heart. After a few minutes his heart had stopped beating quite so fast and with the relief from the pressure, he had better control over his bodily actions and thoughts.
Looks as if you have the hang of it, Avando commented while placing a caring hand on Jaydens shoulder. Now that youre settled, Ill leave Professor Showden in charge of your progress while I see how the other people are going with exposing the culprits. Let me know if you find out anything interesting. Jayden nodded in acknowledgement while Avando turned and left the room with his cane making its familiar clicking on the floor as he retreated.
Jayden started to make his move around the side of the walls of the buildings. He was able to have a good look at what was happening inside the first building. It seemed to contain all male dormitories, from what he could tell. However, not many people seemed to be in the dorms at the moment. Perhaps they were still having lessons or maybe still plotting more terrorist acts, he thought to himself. He moved on to the next building and this one appeared to be a large hall. He moved around the outside of the building stealthily to get a better look inside. As he passed underneath the window to reach the other side, he heard strange sounds coming from inside the hall. When he was confident he was in the best place for looking inside, he took the time to peek into the room. Knowing he was in enemy territory, he was not at all happy with what he saw in this large room. Standing face to face were many teens dressed in white martial arts uniforms. They had their heads, arms, legs and chests all padded firmly and mouths in positions that confirmed they were wearing mouth guards. Only just visible under the chest padding, Jayden could see black belts hanging down, some with one stripe and some with many. The whole room was set up like a typical martial arts centre with the lining on the floor mostly covered in blue padded mats. The black belts were lined up facing against each other in serious fighting mode. 
Jayden stopped for a couple of minutes watching to see how good they were. He knew one thing for sure though: he would not like to be caught by the students in this room if he was there in person. Realising it was only a very competitive martial arts lesson, he decided it was time to move on. 
He moved over to the next window of the martial arts room. This window turned out to be a sliding glass door that reached right down to the ground. He dropped to his stomach commencing a commando style crawl on the moist ground past the glass. His heart was beating hard and fast again, hoping he would not be discovered. He watched the martial arts students intently, while crawling slowly past, hoping that they would not look in his direction. His heart jumped to his throat when he noticed that the black belt closest to him had a quick glance over in his direction. While continuing to crawl slowly forward, he watched the student carefully. Terror instantly filled him as he saw the black belt firstly face his opponent, take a bow and then excuse himself from the fight. After a quick chat to his opponent, he turned towards Jayden and made his way over in the direction of the door. By this stage Jayden had reached the side, jumped up quickly and searched frantically for a hiding place. Seeing that there were no such spots available to him, he ran in between the martial arts building and the next. 
As he reached the corner of the building, he heard the glass door opening. His heart was about to jump out of his mouth, but he still could not find a hiding place. He noticed that the two buildings were very close to each other, so he placed one hand on the wall of one building and one on the wall of the other. Happy that they both reached, he did the same with his feet and started edging his way up the wall until he had reached over a storey high. Glad for his super robot strength, he hung there in stretched limbo above where most people were likely to look. Only seconds after he felt confident he had reached a high enough place, the student with his opponent accompanying him, appeared in the gap in between the two buildings. They were obviously looking for something, searching every gap they could find and looking in every shadow. Even though he knew his surrogate did not breathe, Jayden held his own breath with the apprehension of being discovered. To his relief they continued past him, checking everything they found odd and following the gap all the way to the other end of the buildings. They even had a good look in the open area that was well lit on the other side of the buildings.
Hmmh! I swear I saw something, the black belt who thought he had seen him said to his recent opponent.
Well, I cant see anything out here, responded the opponent. You were just wanting to get out of the fight cause you were losing, he teased.
Ha, Ha! Nice assumption, but totally incorrect. I believe I had you totally beaten, challenged the first.
Yeah! Whatever!
I honestly thought I saw something, defended the first student as they started making their way back to the lesson again, passing under Jaydens surrogate along the way.
Its all good! Better to check than just ignore it anyway. They reached the back of the building and had another thorough search over the open grassed area at the rear, before making their way back inside.
Jayden started breathing normally again. He positioned himself ready to climb back down but realised one part of the robot would not go any lower even though he had made the right moves. Turning his head to have a look over the robots shoulder, something white that seemed to be attached to him caught his eye. He tried again to climb down, but to no avail. Ahhh, Professor Showden!
Hmmm? was his response without looking up from what he was doing. I appear to be stuck and what is this that looks to be attached to me? he asked a little annoyed and embarrassed at the same time because he was trapped.
Professor Showden looked up to see what Jayden was talking about. Oh! Thats a small backpack.
What? Why would I need that on my back? he asked in shock.
Thats so that you have some kind of chance of being passed off as a student if you are caught in a normal student area.
It would have been nice to know this before, Jayden stated clearly annoyed. No wonder the other students saw me when I was doing a commando crawl in the dark. He unhooked his robot shoulders from the straps on the bag, released himself and jumped down from his hanging place. Then he grabbed a nearby stick to knock it off into his hands from where it was stuck. Do I really need it on my back? he asked the professor.
The professor appeared to be thinking. Probably not, he responded.
I would really like to get rid of it then. I honestly think it will make it harder for me to travel around in the dark unseen.
If you must; however, I will show you a place soon where it shouldnt be found. The professor made his way back to where Jayden was working his robot and watched as he continued on.
Jayden proceeded to move around the buildings to where there appeared to be some sort of science lab. He moved around it with covert excellence, carrying the white backpack under his shirt so that it wouldnt be seen so easily in the dark. He peered through the window. The lights were on and a small group of students were assembled inside the room. He stopped and tried to listen to the conversation.
Professor Showden had a good look at the room inside and out. Just here would be a good spot to stash your backpack.
Here? Jayden questioned in disbelief.
Yes here. He smiled to himself. The walls on the outside are white, just like the bag and you can prop it up against that pipe just over there so that it hides it a little more.
Jayden wasnt so sure but he did as instructed. He noticed a large towering tree off to the side that would have a good view into the room. He climbed up and watched the students inside the science lab, listening intently to every bit of conversation he could hear. He was amazed that his ears on the surrogate also had an adjustment for sound, so thankfully he was able to turn up the volume. The students were talking about the bombing and how drastic it was. After a little while, the male student, who sat with his back to the window, turned around enough for Jayden to see his face. Jayden couldnt believe his eyes; it was Brendan, Aarons surrogate. He looked over to what Aaron was doing inside the real room. He had forgotten that Aaron was working right next to him as he was so preoccupied by his own mission. He looked on Aaron's screen and pieced together the different points of view. Yes, it was definitely Brendan in that room. Disappointed with himself for wasting so many precious minutes, he climbed down the tree and looked for his next possible location.
- Chapter Fourteen -
Message Of Difference
Hayley, Liam and Dryden were already in the science technical lab when Brendan, Aarons surrogate, walked in to join them. Hi Guys! Brendan said to the others who had their heads down working studiously over their combined assignment. They looked up to confirm to themselves the owner of the voice.
Hi Brendan! Liam responded courteously.
Where have you been? asked Hayley. Weve been looking for you everywhere.
Oh! responded Brendan.
Yeah! agreed Dryden. So we can work on our combined project together.
Yeah! Seeing we couldnt find you, we made the decision without you, added Hayley oblivious to Brendans puzzled expression. We decided to make a remote control train that moves just like a car, freely and not on a track.
We are copying it from one of the older students prototypes, added Liam.
A train? And copying it from an older students work? questioned Brendan. Isnt that kind of cheating?
No, genius! responded Hayley defensively. Seeing we are only juniors we are supposed to see if we can copy the older students work and this also tests to see if the older student wrote down their construction notes correctly.
Noting the aggression in Hayleys voice, Brendan apologised. Sorry, I didnt mean that was a bad choice; its just that I was actually watching the news before I came in. There had been a terrorist attack which was all over the news.
What? all three of them said in unison.
Yeah! I was shocked too. Not only that, it was in a busy train station and they said that it was set off by a remote control toy train, he informed them while he looked at the plans of the train, and it had many carriages just like this one has, he added, packed with explosives.
Oh Gawd! Thats really horrible. Liam looked horrified.
Dryden looked as if he was going to be sick. Im not sure I want to build this now.
Do we know who made this prototype? asked Brendan.
No, they dont give it to us in case we ask the inventor any questions not written on their notes, Liam answered.
They had a moments silence while they all thought about what to do next. How about we continue on making this to see if it really works? decided Brendan. Then, if it does, we can dig a little deeper and see if we can find out who made it.
You know, that actually sounds like a brilliant idea, agreed Liam.
And to think I had written you off as one of those vague headed, absent-minded geniuses! added Hayley teasingly.
~~~~~
Jayden continued in stealth moving his surrogate carefully around the foreign school grounds with covert efficiency. He had been operating the surrogate here for a while now and was becoming competent with the remote robot. So far, he had not picked up anything out of the ordinary, or anything that may have even helped with the detection of the terrorists who had set off the bomb. He hoped that the others were having more luck than him. 
Getting more confidence in himself now and blending well into the surroundings, Jayden edged his way closer to more populated areas of the school. When trees were more prevalent around certain areas and with him getting used to his super strength, he would often find himself easily climbing trees or up the walls. He would peer into different rooms, listening to their conversations and watching what the students were doing in those rooms. Mostly they appeared to be either studying or thinking about getting an early night, in preparation for an early start in the morning. He had scouted nearly every room available at the school and was beginning to think that his time here was a waste at this period of the night. 
He crouched in the shrubs under the last row of rooms he was about to investigate. He studied the area for any sign of anyone suspecting that he was around. While he was searching, he manually adjusted his hearing to a louder volume on the dial in his real time room. Picking up a hint of excited chatter, he concentrated on the source. Listening intently, he singled out a few different girls voices. Did you see that? asked one excitedly, bordering on hysteria.
See what? asked another.
How intense was that? answered another, also half hysterical.
What was? asked the same girls voice when the conversation continued without her being informed of what she didnt know.
Jayden started to think that maybe finally, he was going to get some sort of information. He paid even closer attention to the conversation that was taking place.
Didnt you see Ethan Brady look our way? asked the first one while accentuating his name.
No! Did he look our way?
Oh Karla! How could you miss Ethan Brady looking at us? Hes the cutest guy in the school! He even smiled at us! said the first one in disbelief.
Jayden shook his head as he started to turn his hearing down a little. Girls! he thought, while he listened to them going on about their appearance and their latest hairstyles. Shifting his concentration now to an area outside the building, he noticed a large sturdy tree with strong limbs protruding from its sides. It had enough foliage for good cover he noticed, but not so much that it would block his view. 
He moved swiftly and quietly across to the tree and started to climb the robust trunk. He edged up the branches until he reached the correct height to enable him to see into the top row of rooms, past the level of those hormonal female teens. Laying the surrogate flat on a large strong branch he could look into the rooms on that level. He turned the volume back up and zoomed in on his vision so that he could see clearly across the distance. While he checked the rooms on each row individually, he thought that not much was different from the other rooms in the buildings that he had already searched. These rooms all appeared to be occupied with girls and the top rooms seemed to have older students than in the lower ones. Pausing at the room just above the smitten girls, he noticed an older group of girls huddled together. They seemed to have a serious persona about them and looked to be discussing a topic more serious than the girls below. Having trouble hearing over that excitable group, he shuffled his surrogate further along the branch towards the building, while at the same time increasing the volume for his hearing.
What happened? asked one of the sombre faced girls with the dark-brown hair.
The train station in the middle of the city was blown up this morning, answered the girl with long, blonde hair.
They said it was hidden in a remote controlled train, the senior student with the mousey-brown hair put in.
Didnt
At that moment, one of the girls in the room below squealed in excitement at something one of the others had said.
make a prototype of that? the short, blonde haired student continued.
Yes he did, agreed the mousey-brown haired girl.
He either copied the model or someone must have stolen it, added the longhaired blonde, or he did it himself, she said in a disbelieving tone.
I doubt it! The dark brown haired girl responded also in disbelief. I heard about the station, but what was Amber saying?
That there was another explosive device found at the next train station.
What? the dark headed student asked in shock.
Jayden couldnt believe his ears. That cant be, he thought.
Yeah! Apparently Amber and her team managed to find it and got rid of it before it was also set off, the longhaired blonde added. The way that they found it was because it looked just like one of Dales prototypes of a little toy robot.
The organiser of the bomb must be furious, the student with the dark hair added while smiling at the thought.
I bet you they are, agreed the mousey-brown haired student.
Do they have any idea who is behind it? asked the brown haired girl.
Not yet, they are still working on it, responded the longhaired blonde. I do hope they find the culprit or culprits soon.
They all agreed and started to talk about a different topic. Jayden figured that was his cue to leave. After what he had thought was almost going to be a fruitless venture, he was now happy he had heard something worthwhile. He edged his way back to the trunk of the tree and decided to climb up further to the highest secure point. He then wrapped the robots arms around the trunk while sitting its bottom on a solid branch. He figured it was so high up amongst the foliage that it would be very unlikely to be discovered. Unhooking himself from the surrogates controls, he approached Professor Showden who had gone to the other room with all the computers. Aaron was just starting to get his surrogate off as well. Eva and Robert were already finished and waiting.
Eva had a go at Jayden. Well, you sure used me a lot, didnt you! she mocked.
Sorry Eva, as it turned out, I didnt need any code breaking or puzzle solving, apologised Jayden.
Ahh! Its all right! Professor Showden had me hook up to watch a room through a fixed camera as well as be available for you two cause Aaron didnt need me either.
Aaron joined the group sitting around in a scattered circle of chairs behind the office desks.
So how did we all go? asked Professor Showden. Did anyone find out anything interesting? Robert and Eva shook their heads in disappointment.
Aaron offered his information first. I spent most of the time with my fellow students at the school. They were working on a group project, which just happened to be a toy remote control train. They said that it was an instruction manual of a prototype made by one of the senior students.
Really? asked Professor Showden. Did they know the student's identity?
No, they said that it wasnt supplied to them. They also didnt know about the attack and were quite sickened by it. We decided to make the model to see if it worked and then tried to narrow down who had made the model, he added proudly.
Very good! praised the professor. Unfortunately it doesnt give us an answer tonight, but I will get you to continue with your work on that, as soon as you can.
I think it will work, added Jayden.
Really! Whys that? asked the professor.
Im not one hundred percent sure, but the last group I came across seemed to know something about the attack. Well, not the attack exactly, but they knew a little more information related to it.
Do tell! added the professor eagerly.
Well, it was only a quick conversation I just happened to hear.
Hmmm! The professor encouraged him.
Well there was a group of senior girls chatting in one of their dorms and they said that another explosive device was found at the next train station.
Really? How drastic! Who found it? Did they know? asked the professor eagerly.
They said a group of senior students had found it at the train station. It sounds like it was pure luck and it only came to their attention because the device looked like their friends prototype of a remote controlled robot, so they had a look and found explosives and dealt with it before it exploded.
How lucky! the professor stated amazed. Do they have any idea who did it?
No, they didnt. I honestly think that it wasnt the school, Jayden added. They seemed really shocked and put out.
Well, time will tell. As you have found out, it looks as if these bombs were planted on items created by the students, argued the professor. It looks more than a little suspicious to me. Perhaps not all the students or occupants of the school are guilty; maybe only a few, but these few must be found to put a stop to this nonsense. Dont you agree?
The four students nodded in agreement.
Very well then. Good work all of you. Thank you so much for offering to help, especially when it is not even in your school hours. The professor flashed his large teeth in a grateful smile. Jayden, that was exceptionally good work, especially getting such great results on your first project. You definitely are a natural as Avando has said. He applauded. He then stood up with the students following suit and went over to a large jar of lollies he had sitting on his main desk. He handed out several of them to each of the students. Take these as a token of my gratitude for your much needed help. Now you can enjoy what little time you have left before bed. He showed the children out of the room and closed the door behind them.
It feels rather odd getting lollies for doing spy work, Jayden pointed out to the others. I mean, how old are we, like five?
Yeah! Doesnt it? agreed Aaron with a puzzled look on his face at the thought.
Well, Im not complaining, added Robert.
You wouldnt be, Eva stated. Besides, whats this about making the most of our time before bed? Its already ten thirty and past our bed time.
They all looked at their watches. So it is! agreed a surprised Aaron. At least we helped a good cause.
They all nodded in agreement and headed to their rooms in preparation for bed.
~~~~~
The room was pitch black; however, the darkness of the night did not quieten the racket that was going on outside the four walls. Oooohhhhh! moaned Liam as he rolled over and put a pillow over his head, trying to block out the noise and get some more sleep. He had had a huge and very late night as he had been working on a project with Dryden, Hayley and their new strange friend Brendan. They had come a long way in piecing together the older students remote control train instructions and, quite frankly, were doing it in record time. He guessed the motivation of trying to see if it would work was really effective in speeding things up. That way, they could find out if it was somehow connected to the horrid train bombing that had happened earlier that day. 
The commotion in the hallway outside their room seemed to be getting louder. Liam took the pillow off his head, as it wasnt keeping the noise out. What was that? he thought. Was that a siren he could hear? He pulled himself out of bed, throwing the blankets off and stood up to look out the window. Huh! There were people running around everywhere. Wasnt it the middle of the night? he thought. What is going on down there? He felt the adrenaline now rushing through his body, waking him up in a flash as questions kept springing into his head as to what was going on. He started to reach over to wake Dryden when something caught his eye. There was a bright fire over in one of the buildings. He squinted his eyes to try and work out which building it was and thought it might be the science lab, but he wasnt sure. This time he did reach over and shake Dryden enough to wake him.
Hhmmm? What? murmured Dryden in a croaky, drowsy voice.
Theres some sort of commotion going on and it looks like one of the buildings is on fire, Liam quickly informed him.
What? How? He quickly sat up and looked out the window. What building do you think it is?
I dont know. I think it may be the science lab, but I am not sure. Come on, it looks like we should evacuate.
They grabbed a light blanket to wrap around their shoulders for protection against the chilled night air as they left the room. They joined the noisy group of students evacuating the building and made their way outside to the front of the school. The majority of teachers were herding the students in a safe direction away from anything that might burn. All of the students had the same expression of concern and confusion on their faces and most of them were still dressed in their pyjamas with their hair in total disarray. Once they had reached the front of the school, they heard the scream of sirens coming from the fire brigade roaring down the road towards the school. The truck screeched to a halt out the front. The students watched helplessly as the firemen jumped out hastily, grabbing all of their fire fighting equipment and setting up the fire hose, and then rapidly heading to the burning building.
In the distance, Liam spotted a student with a big fluffy ball of really messed up curly red hair glowing in the lights. Hey Dryden! he said while giving him a nudge with his elbow, whats the bet thats Hayley? Dryden looked over to where he was indicating and they both laughed together. They approached the fluffy haired redhead, and when Liam touched her on the shoulder, she turned to look at them.
Well, that was too much for them. They both cracked up laughing when they saw her face framed by her big fluff of red hair. Dryden spoke up, Ahh, I think you missed this little fire over here, pretending to be calling to the firemen.
Ha, ha! Hayley responded sarcastically. Obviously I didnt have time to do my morning ritual of taming my hair before anyone saw me.
You mean you look like that every morning? Liam asked in disbelief while both boys were still giggling.
Hayley changed the subject. Any idea what is going on?
No. It just looks like it is a fire. Im not sure if it is the science lab, Liam informed her.
Have you seen Brendan? she asked.
No, but I would imagine he would be in this massive crowd somewhere, he indicated to the huge gathering of students.
What is the time? I didnt have a chance to grab my watch.
Dont you wear it to bed? Liam asked.
What, and risk it getting caught up in this mass when I wake? she said while indicating her hair.
I dont think so. 
Good point! Im surprised your pillow doesnt get caught up in that tangled mess, Dryden teased.
Oh youre so funny, she said sarcastically. Time? She tapped on her wrist impatiently.
Dryden looked at his watch. Its ten past five.
Well that will be the end of our sleep, she added in despair.
The students huddled and talked for a little while longer and watched the light starting to fill the sky when the sun slowly began to rise. Professor Klarance made his appearance from the school side of the crowd. Students! We have good news and bad. Firstly, the rooms were empty at the time of the explosion, so no one has been hurt in the blaze. A cheer sounded from the crowd. Secondly, you are all free to go back to your rooms to try and get a little more sleep, or you can get dressed and start making your way to the dining room for an early breakfast. The bad news is that there will be no science today as two of the science buildings, A and B, have been affected by the blaze.
Ohhhh! Our train! whined Hayley. The two boys looked at her in confusion. We left our train project in science building A. Itll be ruined! she added depressingly.
The boys muttered their own disappointments. We had that late night now all for nothing, Liam moaned.
Professor Klarance continued on with sadness in his voice. So no one will be allowed to go near the science rooms. Naturally a cleanup will commence after the Forensics have conducted their investigation to find the cause.
Excitedly, everyone started chatting wildly and coming up with all kinds of solutions as to the cause of the blaze. Did he say explosion? asked Dryden.
Yeah, he did, but that could mean that some chemicals were connected somehow and reacted, being a science room and all, Liam pointed out.
True. Hayley agreed. I dont know about you, but Im not going to be able to sleep now, so Im going to tame my hair and go get some breakfast.
Well have time to fit a sleep in while we are waiting for you, teased Dryden.
Aghh! Enough with the hair jokes already! responded Hayley with annoyance.
What and you dont tease everyone else all the time? Finally, we have something worth teasing you about! Dryden put it back at her.
Whatever! If thats the best you can do!
Well be in the dining room waiting for you, Liam added.
After getting dressed the boys made their way there. The room was very busy and filling up fast. Obviously, just about everyone thought it would be a useless waste of time to try and sleep again, Dryden stated.
Well, who would be able to sleep after that excitement? Liam responded.
Filling their plates from the large selection of food on the buffet that the cooks had prepared early due to the drama, they made their way to a table that had two extra chairs for Hayley and Brendan. A little while later Hayley joined them with a plate full of food. She now had her mop of curly red hair managed into neat curls.
Who are you? Youre not the friend we saw earlier today, Dryden still teased.
Are you still working on your humour, genius? she responded tartly. Still no sign of Brendan?
The others shook their heads.
Does he ever eat? she questioned.
Knowing him, hes probably gone back to bed. He does seem to sleep a lot, Liam remarked.
How full is this dining room? Hayley mused. They looked around at all the different faces of the up and coming geniuses, all clever in their own way. Some could be described as typical nerds and some couldnt. Some of the students preferred their own solitude, some enjoyed crowds, while others were very interested in kindling new relationships. A group of girls in the middle age range of students walked past the three friends. They were twirling their hair, giggling and looking in the direction of one of the guys who was about the same age and quite good looking. He looked their way and smiled, which made the girls almost scream with excitement.
Eventually they took a seat together as close as they could get to the young male, with each of them trying to find the best position they could to be able to watch him.
The three friends shook their heads as they witnessed the commotion.
The hall was now full, with people starting to line up outside waiting for a seat. Unexpectedly, Dr Ernest walked into the room with a microphone. His dark bald head had formed beads of sweat from the tension of the previous night. He held the microphone up to his mouth and said, Morning students!
A muttered response filled the room. As you know, there has been an unfortunate turn of events here at Ernest State College. For those who dont fully understand what has happened, I will fill you in on what I can. This morning at approximately four thirty, there was a large explosion in science building A, which is one of the outer buildings of the school. This caused a large fire, which then in turn also affected science building B. The forensics team have undergone a thorough investigation as to what might have started this explosion. Naturally, it being a science building, they firstly suspected it might have been a chemical reaction that had gone terribly wrong. To their surprise this was not the case, so I congratulate you all for dealing with the chemicals appropriately. Well done. He added with a proud smile. His face then returned to a sober expression. However, what they did discover has caused an immense shock to our teachers, security agents, and no doubt, I am sure will also shock you all as well. Unfortunately they happened to find a trigger and the remains of a bomb.
A gasp of shock rippled through the dining room.
It was only a small bomb and we would assume that the perpetrator was not intending to kill or hurt anyone, due to the time they set the bomb off when no one would be likely to be in that room. This in itself is a relief, but it must be addressed as a form of threat. Now this bomb appeared to be hidden in a white backpack. So if anyone can give us any information on having seen anyone carrying or wearing a white backpack, please come forward and share your information. The rest of the school has been thoroughly checked for any explosive devices and has been declared safe. So apart from science, all lessons will continue as normal. Try and concentrate as much as possible, as we will not allow this invasion on our grounds to deter us from being the most renowned and respected school in the country. He handed the microphone to Professor Thornton. Her plump friendly face was sympathetic. We understand that this may affect some students in an awful way, so those of you who need help to cope, please take the opportunity to talk to our school Psychiatrist. Thank you all for being such wonderful students. She turned the microphone off to indicate the discussion was now finished.
The room was immediately filled with excited chatter.
How messed up were the last couple of days? Hayley asked more as a statement. First the train stations, now our science labs.
I know! Weird, huh! Liam agreed. Besides being tired, everyone seems to be carrying on as normal though.
Just goes to show that terrorism cant ruin our lives. It can disrupt it in a big way at times, but it wont make us change our ways, Hayley added.
Makes you wonder why they try! Dryden put in.
- Chapter Fifteen -
Davids Mortification
It had been a few days since the train station terrorist attack, although everyday life remained unchanged between The Sanctum walls. The shock and excitement from the previous few days had all but faded. The students of all levels and ages were bustling about getting ready to partake of their daily lessons. Jayden had just finished waking himself up by washing his face, dressing and getting ready to go down to breakfast. He dropped his used towel and pyjamas down the laundry chute in the bathroom fit for a king. He then exited the door to head off to the dining room.
Psst! Thinking he was just hearing things, Jayden continued on his way. Psst! it was louder this time. Hey you! Little kid! sounded the whisper.
This time Jaydens curiosity was aroused and he turned to look for the owner of the whisper. He looked in the direction the sound had come from and spotted David, the older student, squatting under a large pot plant near the bathroom.
Are you talking to me? asked Jayden in a normal level voice, cause I am not a little kid.
Shhhhhhh! whispered the older boy. Sorry, but you are to me.
Jayden shrugged his shoulders. What are you doing?
I need your help.
Why?
He looked sheepish. Ahhh, I tried to reprogram Scarlet so that I could enter the girls toilets, he whispered. Not only did she give me an electric shock, the big B has also locked me out of my own toilets as well.
Wow! Do you not learn at all? Jayden half whispered, unsympathetically.
I know, I know! You would have thought I would have learnt by now, but surely she must be able to be bypassed somehow. Anyway, the reason I need your help is because I am busting to go to the toilet. Can you please scan your hand so that I can get in?
I will try. They went to the bathroom door together and Jayden scanned his hand. The door moved as if it was going to open, but then it stopped and closed the tiny opening again.
Nice of you to try and help that loser, Scarlets face appeared on the screen, but if you keep trying I will lock you out of the bathroom as well, Jayden Jenkins.
Jayden looked at David. Well, you heard her. Im not going to lose my bathroom rights cause you never learn. Sorry. Why dont you go outside and use a tree? he smiled.
Actually not bad thinking, agreed David sounding surprised. I dont know why I didnt think of that.
They went down the stairs to the main common room together and then parted, Jayden in the direction of the dining room and David heading for the front door.
Ahhh! Jayden! Hearing his name, Jayden turned to see who had called him. Coming out of his office was Avando, looking much more relaxed than the other night, as he limped his way over towards him.
Hi Avando, he greeted him, changing his direction to meet up with him.
I hear you did some great work the other night. Jayden blushed. So good to hear. An absolute natural, Professor Showden informed me. He placed his arm around Jaydens shoulders in a fatherly manner.
That was nice of him, he replied to the compliment.
But all true, Im sure. Thank you so much for your help. I havent seen the others since, so would you also please pass on my appreciation to them as well?
Will do.
You have so much potential starting to shine through. So glad I found you, he confirmed.
Thanks Avando. Im glad you found me too, he smiled at his rescuer.
Off to get breakfast, are you?
Jayden nodded. 
I wont keep you then.
They parted ways and Jayden continued on to the dining room. He went straight over to the buffet to select his breakfast from the excellent collection. He chose fluffy pancakes, pouring pure maple syrup over them, topped them with crispy bacon and finished off with bananas, blueberries and strawberries. On the side, he added a nice glass of fresh juice. He turned around to see if he could find his friends. He was happy to see them over towards the large windowed wall. That window, he thought, who could ever get used to that view? He started making his way over to his friends even though he was temporarily distracted by the fantastic view. So much beautiful nature around here, he thought as the large lake glistened in the morning sun, and such a contrast to my view not so long ago. 
Suddenly he felt himself falling face forward. He landed on his front with a forceful thud. His breakfast tray went flying out of his hands and the glass and plate crashed to the ground with a loud smash. He looked up to see his food had landed all over Robert. Robert had a shocked look on his face at first, which quickly turned to resignation to the tasty food. He picked up the pancake off his lap and bacon off his shirt and started to eat them, shrugging his shoulders at the mess.
Jayden looked around at how he could have possibly tripped and fallen, when he heard a little snigger. He looked to his left where the snicker had come from and saw Taylor sitting with Ben, Declan and Jess. Oh look! Taylor sneered, The agile little sniper is not so nimble after all. Ben and Declan were sniggering along with him.
Is that all you can come up with? Jayden responded while getting up off the floor. Good on you. All you managed to do was make a mess and does Robert look upset? he asked while indicating Robert.
Like I care about that pigs opinion. Taylor sneered back.
Whats going on here? Ms Helen had now arrived. She was always quick to the scene if she heard a loud crash in her dining room. Oh what a mess! she added, wiping her hands on her apron.
Its all right Ms Helen. I just tripped and Taylor here, he indicated Taylor with his open hand, was offering to clean up the mess while I refill my plate so that I will be on time for my next lesson.
Oh, so wonderful of him. Right! Come this way Taylor, well go get the cleaning things. Oh, Robert, stop eating that! she said when she saw him now going for the bacon on the floor. Go and have a shower. Robert looked disappointed; however, he did as he was instructed.
Taylor gave Jayden the filthiest look while Jayden just smiled back at him. Thanks so much mate! said Jayden as he gave Taylor a friendly slap on the back. The fumes coming from Taylor were almost visible to the naked eye.
After coming back from re selecting his breakfast, Eva congratulated him. That was such a good payback.
Thanks! Im sure Taylor appreciated it. They laughed together while watching him clean up the mess.
Shut up, Jenkins!
Awwh! Thats not nice. At least Im helping you give Ms Helen a good first impression, he added laughing.
After Jayden had finished his breakfast, they made their way to the common room and met up with the now, clean Robert. They walked towards the lobby preparing to go to their next lesson with Charlie. Cowering in the corner near the front door was the older boy David.
Whats his problem? Eva asked while pointing to David.
Jayden looked over at him and responded, I think I know. He tried to fool Scarlet again, and shes pretty annoyed.
Oh its you. David spoke enthusiastically to Jayden, as he was pleased to see him. That really big B wouldnt let me out, he said with desperation in his eyes. I really need to go, he added while doing a little jig with his legs crossed like a two year old.
Wow! She is mad, Aaron observed, quickly working out what the problem was by Davids body language.
Can one of you please see if you can get me out? he asked the others desperately.
Ill give it a go, Aaron volunteered feeling sorry for the guy.
Aaron placed his hand on the identity scanner to have it checked. The door was looking as though it was going to open; then once again it seemed to change its mind half way through. Young Aaron Maison! Scarlets face appeared on the screen near the door. I would be glad to let you and your friends out if you get that scallywag David to move back into the common room, she said with a sly smile on her lips.
Its lovely that you will let us through Scarlet, but David looks to be very close to peeing himself if he doesnt go to the toilet very soon.
He should have thought of that before he messed with me again, she responded unsympathetically, before she disappeared from the screen.
Awwwh thats nasty, Eva put in.
Perhaps we should find Professor Showden, Robert suggested. He programs Scarlet.
They left the front lobby to head to the video rooms, as it was usual to find the professor there. They opened the door, but the rooms were empty. Scarlet, Eva spoke to the screen inside the door. Scarlets face appeared. Do you know where Professor Showden is?
My dear, Eva Bower! I know you are trying to help David Schatzville, so I am not going to tell you.
But Scarlet But she had disappeared from the screen.
Maybe we will run into him in our lesson outside with Charlie, she suggested.
They left together to go back to the lobby where David was still waiting. Sorry David, hes not in the video room and Scarlet wont tell us where he is because she knows we are trying to help you.
Damn it! he cursed.
They left him while they went to their lesson.
When they reached Charlie, he was finishing up what looked like a caged pen. It had plenty of shelter and open space with kennels in each sectioned off area, as well as another caged area that was a general common area. Not far away was a motor vehicle in the form of an enclosed van with doors that opened up from the back. The van looked as if it was doing a little dance on its own and at the same time, making strange little noises. The students were curious as to what was in the van, but instead went directly to where Charlie was, to find out their jobs for the day.
Morning students! he greeted them with his grey hair glistening in the sun.
Morning Charlie, they replied. What is all this?
Aahhh, today we are taking in some new residents into the college and if you like pets, you should be happy with these, he said with a smile.
What is it Charlie? asked Aaron enthusiastically.
We are the proud owners of eight new little puppies.
Ooohhh! squealed Eva. I love puppies. What kind are they?
Hmmm! Now let me see, he said deep in thought, we have three Labradors, one Golden, one black and one chocolate. There is also a German Shepherd, two Border Collies, a Beagle and a Saint Bernard.
Can we see them? Can we see them? she asked eagerly.
Charlie laughed at her enthusiasm. Soon! We just need to make sure that these pens are secure and comfy first.
What can we do to help? she asked keen to see the little dogs.
Alright! I need everyone to help check out that these pens are safe and sound, cause we dont want these little guys getting out and exploring and not coming back now, do we? The students shook their heads. We also need to make sure each puppy has a padded mat in its kennel, a bowl full of fresh water and another ready for food.
Why do we need so many puppies, Charlie? asked Jess.
Well, we are going to be training them up to do all sorts of things.
Like what? asked Emma the girl with short, dark-brown hair.
All different things, depending on the dog and its characteristics. Hopefully, they will all be friends to the students and teachers. Well be using the Border Collies for herding, the Labradors and Beagles are great friends but also great sniffers, while the German Shepherd is an efficient detection and security dog. Last but not least, the lovely Saint Bernard is a big gentle friend and renowned for finding lost people. We will be aiming to train them to make the most of their natural traits and extras as well if possible. So lets do this and get these dogs out to train, he added to everyone.
All the students moved quickly and keenly, helping to finish the kennels for the new arrivals. Aaron and Jayden worked together, checking for any holes or areas they thought might be big enough for a small pup to escape.
While helping to complete the set up of the kennels, Aaron reflected on the events of the day before. Hey what did you think about the visit we did yesterday to that school we have been watching? Aaron asked Jayden.
I was shocked to hear that the science buildings had been destroyed. Jayden responded while checking the lock on a gate.
Yeah, such a shame! I was only in that building the same night we had helped Avando and Professor Showden, to see it they were responsible for the train station bombing, Aaron commented as he checked whether the gates self-closing mechanism worked properly.
Yeah, I saw you and then left.
We were working really hard on that toy train prototype to see if the designer was the culprit. Now it has been destroyed also. The group I was working on it with are pretty upset, as all their hard work is gone. They too wanted to find out who did it.
Yeah! Im still not sure that the school is responsible, but I guess the professor is right, it could be a small group of people out of the school that is to blame.
I find it hard to believe it is the whole school, especially when it was a bomb that destroyed the buildings.
Really? asked Jayden in shock.
Yeah! Didnt you know? To make it even worse, it was apparently in a white backpack. They are asking for any assistance at all to help them find the owner.
In a what? Jayden was now standing still giving his full attention.
In a white backpack, just outside of science building A.
But I put that there, Jaydens face was white. I was told it was only a prop.
Are you sure? Maybe you are confusing the building with another one. It was your first time there, Aaron said in disbelief.
No, it was the right building. I left it outside the room you were in. Professor Showden told me it was on me, and this was so that I blended in if I was seen. So I asked if it was really necessary as it nearly got me busted cause it was white, but I didnt think it had anything in it.
Eva hurried over to them and interrupted. Were getting the puppies out! she exclaimed excitedly with Robert close behind her. When there was no reaction from the two boys, she took a long look at their grim white faces. Why so sullen? Puppies are adorable.
Aaron answered. On his first night Jayden helped with the spying on that school, he dropped off a white backpack, which was supposedly a prop outside the science room that was blown up the other day.
That was an explosion? Are you serious? asked Robert as the three nodded. Boy, we really need to talk more outside of that lesson.
But why would our backpack have explosives in it? asked Eva disbelievingly. Were trying to stop this from happening, not create it!
Maybe someone found the backpack that night and filled it with explosives? suggested Aaron.
Why would they do that? asked Eva. That would mean they were blowing up their own school!
Or there could be other people penetrating that school as well as us, suggested Robert. We should tell the professor when we get back.
I dont know! Jayden put in hesitantly. Maybe we should watch our side as well and keep it to ourselves, just in case.
What are you talking about, Jayden? Eva said disgustedly. Our side could not possibly do anything like that, she added defiantly.
Probably not Eva, but like we say about the other school, maybe there is one or a few of us that may be a suspect, responded Jayden sadly. I dont want to cause any trouble either as I love staying here.
Charlie was now calling them to hurry up. I thought you were keen on these puppies coming out, he yelled at them, wondering why they were taking so long. They started making their way over to the van then, but they had their minds on other things.
I vote we follow Jaydens suggestion, Aaron put in.
Me too, Robert agreed. Whats the harm in that. Well just be more careful in what we do.
Eva looked distraught. Ohhh! I dont know! I feel like I am backstabbing Avando.
Why? We are not going against Avando or The Sanctum, just against the possible evil person or people in The Sanctum. Jayden defended their actions.
Eva thought about it for a little, I guess not Okay then. she agreed hesitantly.
They had reached the van and joined the other students standing around the back of it. Okay! Is everyone ready to be puppy sitters? Charlie asked all the students. They responded by nodding eagerly, so he opened the door revealing eight cute little puppy faces, all looking out into the light through the open door.
Awwwwh! How adorable! squealed Eva, instantly forgetting the seriousness of the conversation they recently had.
Go on Eva, you seem like the keenest. You can be the one to grab the first one. The one you like the most, Charlie said to her.
She walked up to the back of the van excitedly and looked closely at all their little faces. Ohhh! I cant choose. They are all so cute. It was then that the little chocolate Labrador came over to her licked her hand and started biting her fingers playfully. She giggled and picked it up. This ones good, she said.
Good! Now everyone is to work in pairs to train your dog for its particular purpose. Once you have chosen your partner, you can then choose your dog together.
Eva paired up with Robert while Jayden and Aaron partnered up. I want this guy, Aaron said indicating the little Saint Bernard.
Jayden took one look at the little white fluffy pup with its white nose, dark brown ears and eyes and dark patches on its body and said, Done.
You do know they turn out to be massive? enquired Charlie seeing their choice.
Yeah! But they are kind, plus they are great with people and help them, replied Aaron.
Fair call, he responded and then turned to the rest of the class. Today we are starting with simple instructions like come, sit, lie, stay, etc. We have a bag of doggy treats over here. Take a small handful and give them only as a reward when the dog has done as instructed, Charlie told the students as they chose their dog. Seeing everyone had now selected their own puppy and while most were getting their faces licked, he continued. Quickly think of a name together. Once done, we are going to start with the simplest of commands, the come command. For those of you who dont know how this is executed, I want you to stand a distance apart from each other while the person who has the dog, puts it down on the ground and the other person calls for it to come.
The students stood apart as instructed and called their dogs. Some called them, while others slapped their thighs for the dog to come to them. Once released, the dogs went in all directions. Some had gone to their new owners, some went to other people while one of the little Border Collies headed off to investigate a small wild animal it had seen not too far away. Ryan ran off to get his dog while the whole group laughed at the catastrophe, including Charlie. That went well! he added mockingly.
When the class was over, the students chatted excitedly on their way back to the main building.
I wonder how Davids getting on with trying to get Scarlet to let him into the toilet? Eva queried.
They entered the lobby and started towards the common room when they saw David sitting on one of the seats around the garden, with his legs crossed tightly and a pained expression on his face. They stopped as the class filed past them to continue on with their day.
No luck yet? Jayden asked him with an amused expression on his face.
Nope! said the anguished David.
Wow! Scarlet is really stubborn, Jayden mused.
Hasnt Professor Showden come past here yet, or Avando? Eva asked.
Not that Ive seen and trust me, Ive looked.
Jayden turned to his friends. Lets see again if we can find the professor. They nodded in agreement.
Since David said he hadnt seen him pass, they decided to check the bedroom that he shared with Professor Anna, which they had been shown only the other night. They wandered up the two levels and knocked on the door. Even after a few minutes there was no answer, so they made their way back down to the common room. David was still sitting there, not game to move.
Sorry! Aaron said to him, he wasnt in his room, but well keep checking.
Just to be sure, they went and checked the video combat room a second time.
Still not here, Robert noted. Thats odd.
Why dont we check Avandos office to see if he can help or if he knows where Professor Showden is? suggested Eva.
Good idea. Aaron agreed.
Continuing on down the hall a little, they knocked on Avandos office door and again there was no answer.
They went back to the common room again to tell David. Entering the now empty common room because everyone else had gone to class, they saw David stand up on the seat around the garden and at the same time unzip his pants. He turned his back towards them and faced the other way towards the corner of the room. To their horror, he started peeing into the garden with a long stream of urine visible from where they were. They stopped walking in surprise.
Oh! I am definitely not going to be sitting near that garden for a while, stated Eva and turned up her nose in disgust. It is now going to stink like pee.
The boys laughed at the sight. I guess he has finally found a male toilet, Aaron joked.
After a while, Jayden pointed out. Wow! He really was bursting. Hes still going. 
To their amusement and Davids dread, a new young girl came out of the corridor where David was facing and along with her was Professor Jennifer Schnell, the graphics teacher. A look of horror crossed the young girl's face. Seeing an exposed, partially naked, almost fully-grown adult male in front of her was more than enough shock on her first day. In his haste to conceal the evidence of his exposed private part and his urinating in an unacceptable public place, he didnt have time to finish. In his haste to stop and hide his unacceptable act, he managed to flick the stream of urine across the face and body of the two females, who had just caught him in the act. The girl screamed exceptionally loudly, while a look of absolute revulsion spread across the pointed, mousey face of Professor Schnell, the graphics teacher.
David Schatzville! What the hell are you doing? she yelled, not amused at all.
Im so, so sorry professor. Scarlet has locked me out of the bathroom and inside the building since very early this morning. I have been trying to find Professor Showden and tried every possibility I could think of to get to a toilet or outside, but she was refusing to let me.
Its true professor. Robert added as the other four students walked towards the commotion.
We have been trying to help him but so far with no luck, Aaron added.
I assume you have been messing with Scarlet again? asked Professor Schnell accusingly. David nodded.
Well, that serves you right for messing with her, she retorted, but, in saying that, this cant keep going on forever. She finished a little softer. The professor turned to the four helping students. Will you please continue looking for Professor Showden? As you can see, we are now busy, having to clean up.
Yes of course professor, agreed Eva. As much as he deserves the punishment for being a scumbag, this cant go on.
- Chapter Sixteen -
Getting What They Deserve
Roberts face lit up with excitement. "I know where we can try!"
"Where?" asked Jayden.
"Professor Showden has a private workshop, separate from the main building. This is where he can work on programming Scarlet in peace, as well as work on new high technical ideas for the school."
"Really?" asked Aaron in surprise.
"Yeah!" answered Robert a little shocked that they didn't know about it.
"Well, wouldn't you think this would have been a smart idea to tell us earlier, bright spark?" asked Eva with some impatience.
"Yeah!" he responded hesitantly. "I just thought you knew."
"Argh! Why would we know?" 
"Well, it wasn't a secret. Because I was good at robotics and electrical commands, he took me there and gave me access to teach me some of the simple programming," he reported.
"So what are we waiting for? Show us the way," Jayden broke up the argument.
Robert led the way out of the main building and off to the left, bypassing the beautiful pool and waterfall.
"Does anyone ever swim in the pool?" asked Jayden.
"In the really hot months we take advantage of it," responded Aaron. Otherwise being this high up in the mountains, it can be a little too cold.
Heading along the grassed and natural stone path, they went past a couple of small mountains or what could be called hills to be more precise, because of their size. Eventually they came across another hill and this time they stopped. Robert reached out to place his hand on a rock off to the left of an even larger rock.
Jayden recognised the setup. "Are you telling me that all of these little mountains are actually buildings?"
"Yep!" Robert answered.
"Gawd! To think I have been living here and had no idea and I even know the setup! It all just looks so natural." He shook his head at the genius of the camouflage.
The door opened in response to Roberts handprint and they entered the little building. In the entrance they saw what looked like a couple of small prestige offices. The rooms were tastefully tiled with marble and featured with the trademark large windows all around the walls. There were computers sitting on desks on each side of the room, which overlooked the path they had come in on, as well as all the other views visible of the outside of the building.
They quietly continued on moving past the section that separated the offices from the next room. This room looked more like a lab with large stainless steel benches with sinks and measuring glasses. Everything was set out neat and tidy. They followed Robert to the door of the next room. He opened it slowly and they all filed through the gap. The room was dark after coming in from the sunshine outside and it was hard to make out all of the shapes. What they all noticed straight away that was rather unusual was a very large TV screen set up on the wall. On the screen it showed an area densely populated with people. They couldnt quite make out where the location was, but it was full of people of all ages including children and the elderly. Looking at the screen, it appeared as though it could have been a video game with exceptional graphics; however, having had experience with the surrogates, they were not sure it was. The main character on the screen was holding a remote control truck. This character looked inside the carriage and to the students horror, they saw it was packed with explosives. By this time, their eyes had adjusted to the light in the room. They spotted the tall, lanky frame of Professor Showden in the middle of the room. He held a remote and was hooked up to a machine, which looked very much like a surrogate setup.
Shocked, Robert managed to say one word, Professor?
Professor Showden spun around to look at where the voice had come from. Wh What are you doing in here? His eyes were frantic.
We were looking for you, Robert answered hesitantly.
Get out. Get OUT! screamed the usually kind professor.
What are you doing professor? asked Aaron looking at the screen, trying to make sense of what he had seen.
None of your little, nosey business! His eyes were now wild with anger and the veins in his neck were bulging.
But what are you doing professor? asked Eva. It all looks very real on screen. Youre not doing this in real life, are you?
Little Miss know it all, always got to stick your nose in things. It is none of your BUSINESS. I told you all to GET OUT! His hair was in disarray and he looked aggressive as he pointed to the door.
So it was you who planted the bomb in the backpack you sent with me and then set it off at the other school, Jayden added.
The professor spun around, while the light of the screen caught on his face. With the remote still in his hand and his eyes flaring with anger, Jayden thought he was about to see steam come out of his ears even in this dim light. Those little brats were about to ruin everything. They had already wrecked one of the major plans by destroying the other bomb. As soon as I found out it was them, thanks to you kids, I sent them a message. I had you plant the bomb, just in case. Good thing I was organised. He looked smug at the thought. Now you kids need to get out like I told you, he added with a sneer, or I will organise a major school breach that you will all be blamed for and have you thrown out of the school. He spun around and started to control his surrogate again while the students were still watching him.
Well professor, Aaron stepped up. I would rather be back on the streets fighting for my own life, than leave knowing that you are about to kill ever so many people.
Me too, agreed Eva.
As much as I dont want to go back on the streets, me too, added Jayden.
Same goes here, Robert joined them.
The professor spun around to look at them. You ungrateful little brats, to think that you all had so much potential! Now its all blown because you choose to throw it all away. You have no chance in trying to stop me. The bomb is already there; all I need to do is set it off, he said with a self-satisfied grin.
Not on my watch! Aaron said to him.
I would like to see you try, responded the professor full of self-confidence.
Guys! Go get help from some adults, Aaron quietly instructed them. Ill try and keep him busy. Hurry!
The other three students ran out the door, with Eva shoving a solid chair in the open doorway so that it couldnt close. Robert, get Charlie. Jayden, find Professor Anna to see if she can talk some sense into him and Ill look for Avando.
Back in the workshop, Professor Eric Showden smiled cockily at Aaron and turned to continue operating his surrogate. Aaron, knew that even with all his achievements in Tae Kwon Do and martial arts, his small eleven-year-old frame was not much of a match for a six foot seven, fully grown man even if he was thin and lanky. 
Seeing that so far Professor Eric was not worried about him being in the room or posing a threat to him, he looked for an element of surprise. He knew that only speed and technique would have any success against this man, once known to them as a gentle giant. Aaron noticed out of the corner of his eye that the surrogate was about to set the toy truck down in the densely populated area. He observed his movements while he thought of an idea. In a few very quick steps, he raced to where the professor was. While doing so, he raised his arm and threw it down hard against the remote, managing to knock it out of the professors hands and on to the floor. At the same time, in a split second, he jumped to the side where the connected electrical cords were and grabbed the nearby chair. He side kicked the professor in the opposite direction while hitting the chair down on the outstretched cords. This in turn ripped the attachments off the professors head, while also managing to do some damage to the extended cords.
You fool! What are you doing? You are wrecking the equipment, yelled the surprised professor looking at the extent of the internal damage. You do realise it is a surrogate and I dont need to get it out. I can just blow it up along with the people, he added in a mocking voice and flashing his oversized teeth. All I need to do is get the ignition device and blow it up.
Aaron let his vision quickly search the darkened room for any sign of a remote control or ignition device. He did this while positioning himself in a fighting stance, ready to attack or be attacked. He saw the professor move towards the bench near him and turned and went for a big kick to the groin of the professor. The professor stopped his foot with a downward palm block, just in time, and wrapped his two long lanky hands firmly around Aarons ankle.
Na, ah, ah! he said while shaking his head at Aaron. You dont mess with the family jewels now. He then threw the leg up with both hands over Aarons head so hard that Aarons other foot lifted off the ground and followed it up. This put Aaron in the awkward position of doing an uninvited back flip. He landed awkwardly on his side that sent a shooting pain into his hip. He rolled up off his side proceeding to stand, while still keeping an eye out for an ignition device. Finally he thought he caught a glimpse of one and this was confirmed soon after, when he saw the professor making a dash for it. Diving quickly while doing a half-slide he jumped on to the bench, knocking all the loose items to the floor and grabbed the device just before the professor.
Aghhh! groaned the professor, you ungrateful little monster. He went to snatch it out of Aarons hand, but instead managed to knock it out of his hand over to the far wall. Another growl of anger sounded from the professor. Cant you see that I am trying to protect all the students and our way of life? he tried to reason with Aaron.
By killing innocent people? yelled Aaron in return. Nervously, with beads of sweat forming on his forehead, Aaron looked to the screen to see if the device had gone off from the harsh movement. Thankfully it hadnt and he looked back at the professor.
The professor nodded in answer to his question.
I dont think so, Aaron disagreed. How can killing so many innocents help anyone?
You just dont get it, the professor yelled angrily.
Oh, I think I do! You are one sick man. You need help. The professor took a step towards the device. Im not letting you have it, Aaron said defiantly.
Yeah, right! patronised the professor, while taking another step towards the device.
Aaron took a long leap and jumped on the bench and quickly manoeuvred himself in one movement to be able to do a jumping roundhouse to the professors head. The kick was spot on. It hit the professor in the side of the head and the force of the kick knocked him sideways onto the floor, landing him on the ground. A couple of teeth fell out of his open bloody mouth. Aaron made his way over towards the device while watching and waiting to see if the professor moved. Much to Aarons dismay, Professor Showden did slowly rise while gaining his senses back, so Aaron quickly dove to grab the device before he was able to recover.
I am really disappointed in you, young man. I thought we would work together for the greater good! he sneered at Aaron.
I am working for the greater good. I dont know what you are working for, he responded while getting ready to run.
The professor stood in readiness with his legs shoulder width apart watching Aaron, as Aaron was carefully studying him. He was starting to manoeuvre around to force Aaron into a corner so that he couldnt get past his large outstretched frame. Aaron saw what he was doing and knew that he had to make a move soon, or he would be trapped for sure. He waited for a split second chance, to make the appropriate move. There it was, ever so quick. He made a dash for it, but the opportunity was too short. The professor did a flying swing with his arm and knocked Aaron with his full force across the head. This sent the little preteens body flying across the room, knocking him out cold and sending the ignition device flying again in another direction and landing with a thud.
As this happened, Professor Anna walked into the room with Jayden by her side. Turning on the light they saw the small frame of Aaron flying across the room and then falling heavily to the ground. Eric? she questioned horrified.
He looked up. Oh Darling! I didnt see you come in, he smiled at her squinting in the light.
What are you doing, Eric? her thin face was pale as she looked at Aarons still body and made her way over towards Aaron. What have you done? She bent down to feel the young boys pulse with deep lines of concern showing on her young looking face.
I am making a better world, Hon! I have been working on it for such a long time, he defended his actions.
Whatever do you mean? We are in a good world. Children who have come from the lowest point in their lives surround us. They have been brought here to a life they werent even able to dream about and were helping them with that. What better world is there?
And Im defending that! he argued defiantly.
How? By hurting them? By blowing up other innocent people? she indicated the TV screen. How is that defending people and making a better world?
Those people are from the same country that killed our Mitchell! he exclaimed.
Oh darling! The death of our Mitchell, though tragic and though I miss him every day, was a horrible mistake. He was an innocent, like those people on the screen. No one meant to hurt him. Her face was crushed in pain. That is why we first came here when we were asked.
I cannot let my our  sons death go without being avenged. They should have been more thoughtful and careful if it wasnt intentional, he said with a hatred that would scare the strongest of hearts. You should feel the same way. Shame on you for not loving our son enough to care about him after his demise, he scorned her.
Tears were beginning to well up in her eyes. Whispering in a combination of loathing, defiance and hurt, she argued, How dare you accuse me of not loving our son? What has happened to you? I thought you were happy. Her voice was winding up to a louder level. What have you done to my loving husband and father, Eric? she almost yelled at him.
Oh get a grip of yourself woman, he shouted in fury. Youre a spineless piece of blob, not worthy of the air you breathe, if you cannot see that what I am doing is for revenge and a better cause. He moved towards where he saw the ignition device had fallen near where Aaron was passed out on the floor. Jayden, who had been standing in a corner in shock at the conversation taking place before him, picked up on what the professor was about to do. He dived for the device and just made it before the professor.
Give it to me you little monster! Professor Showden spat at him. Jayden shook his head and held on to the device tightly. Why you little brat? The professor made a lunge at him and grabbed him extremely tightly around the waist. Holding the device carefully so that he wouldnt press the button by accident, Jayden started kicking and elbowing him wherever he could find a spot, but was not having much luck against the tall mans strength. He was just about to start biting him on the arm, when the large male frame buckled underneath him. Professor Anna had managed to wipe the feet from underneath the professor, which caused him to let Jayden go, while trying to stop himself from falling. 
Jayden, now free, ran into the next room and quickly hid the device. He then ran back through the door to make sure that Aaron, who was still passed out, was out of harms way, and safe from the continual fighting. He then took a stand to help Professor Anna who was now facing her husband in a stable stance, with her legs shoulder width apart. They both had their arms up ready to defend or strike. Professor Anna still had wet trails from the tears that had streamed down her face not long before. However, now those tear streaks from the past did not match the look of despise and determination, as she glared at her obsessed husband.
Spineless piece of blob Unloving mother, huh? she spat at him.
He smiled back at her mockingly. Well, if the shoe fits, Sweetie,  wear it! he said in a condescending manner.
How dare you! she screamed as she charged at him, using his own bent knee for leverage and did a jumping roundhouse to his head, before he had any idea she was coming at him. She landed with grace on both feet while he fell to his left on the floor. Blood splattered from his mouth and cracks formed on his glasses.
Wow! Aaron wasnt exaggerating when he said she was good, Jayden thought to himself.
Sadistically the professor started to laugh, a horrible mocking laugh. Is that all youve got, Sweetie?
Professor Anna didnt respond, but just stood there waiting for any physical reaction from the professor.
Arent you going to give it a little more effort? he added disdainfully. Give it up darling, you know you dont have a single chance against me.
Yeah youre big, she agreed, but youre also a slow goof.
Oooo! Listen to the little hotshot woman thinking shes all that. Now she has a couple of black belts to her name. He mocked her in a childish voice accentuating the that by acting out inverted commas with his hands. Getting back to the matter at hand, he turned to Jayden. What did you do with the device kid? he asked and took a step towards him.
Back off Eric! I am not going to let you hurt any more people, here or there, she indicated the TV.
He kept walking toward Jayden, so Professor Anna whirled around and did a spinning back fist to his temple, this time really breaking his large glasses. You Skank! he screamed. You broke my glasses!
No kidding Einstein! she mocked back.
He took a dive at her and grabbed her shoulder. She quickly grabbed his hand and rotated it off, twisting his arm upside down and breaking his elbow over her shoulder.  She finished it off by back kicking him in the groin. Screaming in pain, he dropped to his knees. Unable to see her as clearly now without his glasses, it was very difficult for him to make any accurate counter attacks. 
He contained his pain as fast as he could manage and stood up. He stepped in, to punch her in the head. Quickly she diverted the punch with an outside block and gave him a roundhouse kick to the stomach at the same time. Again she used his bent knee as leverage and did an outside crescent kick to his head. He was still managing to stand, so she quickly manoeuvred into a sidekick to the stomach, which made him bend even lower. She then finished it off with a sidekick to the face breaking his nose and sending his head and upper body thrusting backwards. 
He stumbled a few paces in reverse, swaying from his throbbing head and broken elbow. He recovered enough to manage to grab her with his one good arm and threw her to the ground. She fought back and kicked another sidekick from the floor into the front of his knee, busting his kneecap and sending him crumpling forward in pain. Although he was in immense pain, with an enormous effort he grabbed her ankle and threw her lightweight body headlong across the room. Her head hit the side of the bench. With blood now trickling down the side of her face and her vision blurred from the hit to her head, she struggled to get up without much success.
Jayden hated seeing the lovely Professor Anna so badly injured and having trouble getting up, but he was unable to help her yet. Professor Showden was still limping dramatically, almost hopping along from his injuries. He was hardly able to walk yet he was making his way towards the door to the next room, where Jayden had hidden the device. Blood was pouring down his face from his temple to his chin, a result from the many beatings and the broken nose he had incurred from the fighting.
So where did you hide it boy? he asked Jayden.
Im not going to tell you. Jayden stood defiantly in the doorway to the next room.
The professor grabbed him around the throat with one large long hand. Jayden slammed a body block into his inner elbow and knocked the professors grasp away before he punched him solidly in the solar plexus. The professor slumped forward in pain. Jayden took this opportunity to slam an upper palm strike to his chin, knocking his head backwards with a sharp motion. With all the beatings, Jayden thought that the professor would be ready to give up, but his deep ingrained determination would not falter and rose to the surface, enabling the professor to attack over and over again.
He stepped forward once more, ready to assault Jayden, as he towered over him. Jayden braced himself for the next move.
On full alert, Jayden spun around at the sound of a noise from behind him.
I cant find Avando anywhere. It was Eva.
He breathed a sigh of relief and turned back to his attacker still standing in front of him. Then right before his eyes, he saw the professors eyes bulge out of their sockets and watched as he slumped into a pile on the floor in front of him. Behind him stood Aaron, with a very satisfied look on his face. He was proud of his solid kick to the professors groin.
Aaron, youre alright? Jayden said in relief.
Ive found him. Robert had just barged into the second room, followed closely by Charlie. 
Holy crap! What a mess! What on earth has gone on here? Charlie looked in horror.
Charlie! came a soft, faint voice from the back of the other room. 
Anna? Charlie barged past the students and the crumbled mess of the moaning Professor Showden. What the hell! he stated when he saw her injured and still half lying on the floor.
Can you contain Eric? she asked him.
What? he asked in disbelief.
He has been a terrorist working undercover in our school, she explained.
Eric? he questioned.
Yeah! I know! I am in just as much shock as you are, but please do it fast before he can recover and fight again.
Charlie jumped up and did as instructed, pulling out several zip ties from his pocket, as he always had them with him as a handy essential and proceeded to tie up Professor Showden. Did he do that to you? he asked looking at her bruised and bloodied face across the room. She nodded. Gawd! Who would have ever thought soft, sweet Eric would be capable of that?
Yeah, well, I got him with a few good ones too. So did Aaron and Jayden, she smiled slightly at the thought.
Im sure you did, he agreed, looking at the battered frame of Eric. I dont know how Avando is going to deal with this, when he finds out that his school programmer turned out to be a terrorist! He shook his head sadly, and to think it happened here in our Sanctum.
After he had secured the professor, he went and had a closer look at Professor Anna. Ill have to call the doctor for you.
Ill be fine for now, just make sure the children are taken care of and Avando is notified.
- Chapter Seventeen -
Damage Control
Jayden was in the front office telling Robert and Eva what happened, while at the same time, he filled in the blanks for Aaron who had been knocked out for part of it. Aaron also told his story to the three that were not there at the time. Meanwhile, they had found a box and taped the ignition device for the bomb down to the base, with the button side up and the lid taped up around it so that it could not possibly be pushed accidentally.
We need to get the surrogate out of that area and dispose of that bomb! Eva exclaimed in an urgent tone.
How can we do that? asked Jayden.
I believe this is where I come in! Robert said in a matter-of-fact manner. Im no way near as good as Professor Showden, but I certainly have a good chance of fixing these connections to the surrogate. First I need to see what condition these controls are in. He walked over to the room where all the action had taken place, with the others close behind him. Professor Showden was now secured in place sitting against a solid heavy table leg, with his face bloodied and some teeth noticeably missing. Charlie now had Professor Anna propped up as comfortably as he could arrange in a corner of the room. Her soft loving face was also bloodied and bruised and she was still looking half dazed from the hard hit to her head. He was doing the best he could under the circumstances with his skills and the equipment available, to care for her wounds.
Robert marched over to the surrogates controls and took a little while to assess the damage. Aaron was still struggling with dizziness from the hit to his head, so Jayden prepared to take on the surrogates role.
On the screen the surrogate was standing motionless, still holding the explosive truck in its hands. Eva took a look at the map to try and work out exactly where the surrogate was located. It looks as though he has the surrogate close to Parliament House, she informed them with horror. With the look of all of these people around the area, it appears that there is some kind of ceremony being held today.
Can someone unplug this station from the electric socket for a bit? Robert asked after assessing the damage. I just need to fix a few wires for the control of the surrogate.
Aaron made his way over to the plug, turned it off and pulled it out. He then decided to sit next to it to give his head a rest. That way he would be ready to plug it in later, when needed. Once it was turned off, Robert started to work on the wires immediately.
Charlie had cleaned up both the professors wounds as much as he could manage with the equipment he had and stood up. Walking over to Scarlets access spot, he called her, Scarlet?
As always when summoned, Scarlets face showed up immediately on the screen. Yes Charlie.
Is Avando around?
He has just arrived back in his office from his walk, she answered him.
Great! Can you put me through to him?
Certainly Charlie.
There was a moments pause before Avandos face appeared on the screen. Charlie, what can I help you with? he asked curiously.
There has been a huge problem here at Professor Showdens external workshop.
Oh? asked Avando looking a little worried. What sort of problem?
Well, from what I have pieced together, Eva, Robert, Aaron and Jayden went looking for Professor Showden. This was because Scarlet was playing games with David and wouldnt allow him the privilege of going to the toilet, which turned into a whole big mess I can explain to you later. Their pursuit, which was unfruitful to start with, led them to look for the professor in his workshop. However, when they arrived here, they caught the professor engaged in terrorism.
Oh No! That cant be true! he almost yelled as his face turned pale. He paused, looking away from the screen, despair and anguish plainly evident on his face. They must be mistaken.
Unfortunately I fear they are not, Charlie informed him sadly. They proceeded to stop him with Aaron taking on the bulky professor by himself, while the others ran to find help from me, Professor Anna or yourself, but they could not find you. Professor Anna was the first on the scene and has confirmed that they were true. She also had to fight her once beloved husband, after her own assessment of the situation. She is now in a mess, both physically and mentally, from the ordeal.
Avandos shoulders slumped in despair as silence filled the air. Wow! Who would have thought it would have come to this? he said with a sense of resignation. I will join you shortly. The screen flickered off.
Charlie left the room and made his way back to the battle room. Right, that should be it! exclaimed Robert excitably. Can you turn it back on Aaron?
Aaron plugged it all back in and turned it on.
Jayden hooked it up to himself and started moving his hands carefully up and down together as the truck was still in them. It worked! An excited cheer went through the group, except for Professor Showden. I havent fixed the audio functions yet, as well as a few other utilities, Robert informed them, but all you really need at the moment is movement and vision.
Thats all we need, agreed Jayden.
Eva started directing Jayden out and away from the crowd and Jayden willingly followed her instructions. He didnt need to say anything to anyone because if they didnt move out of the way, he just nudged them slightly until they did. Some gave him a filthy look, but he just laughed it off. If only they realised what was in my hands, then they wouldnt be giving me that look, he thought. Right then, a bike rider came flying past and bumped the hands on the surrogate so hard that it knocked the truck full of explosives almost out of his hands. If it werent for Jaydens fast reactions in grasping it again quickly, it would have fallen. The whole room gasped with tension on how close that had been. He continued heading out of the crowd as fast as he could weave and dodge the people around him.
Right Jayden, if you keep heading in that direction, it appears to be leading over to a really large lake, Eva instructed him.
He kept moving as directed, picking up his pace as fast as he could make his way through the people. The space between the buildings seemed to be thinning out the further he went and finally the crowd seemed to be getting a little lighter as well. The more he moved in the direction Eva had given him, the fewer people there seemed to be. This allowed Jayden to pick up his speed even more now, to that of a running pace. He looked around after another one hundred meters and saw almost no one.
Youre almost there! Eva encouraged him.
He looked ahead now and saw water glimmering in the distance. There were hardly any buildings around this lake, at least certainly not in the near vicinity. His heart jumped with joy. He now picked up his pace to a sprint and ran to the waters edge. Once there, he grasped the truck firmly with one hand and threw it as hard as he could physically manage, flinging it towards the middle and hopefully the deepest part, of the lake. The occupants of the room in real time cheered loudly.
Now to see if we can set the devil off! Running out of the room, Eva went to grab the ignition device. She snatched some scissors from one of the office desks, quickly cut the tape and opened the lid. She took it back to the technical room and sat it on the floor. Lowering her foot over the side of the box, she placed it just above the button on the device. She glanced up at the screen and at the same time she pressed her foot down on the button. They watched as a huge part of the water from the lake suddenly shot up into the air and then fell straight back down again.
Cheers erupted again from the small group with smiles and laughter filling their faces. A relaxed feeling came over the room as a difficult job had now been accomplished and probably hundreds of people had been saved, thanks to their combined efforts.
I dont know why youre cheering, slurred Professor Showden through his injured mouth. This was only one of the small plans in place.
What do you mean? asked Eva curiously.
Well, do you really think I was working alone? asked the professor.
The room sank into silence as they pondered the prospect put to them. He started laughing one evil sounding laugh. Exactly then, Avando walked into the room. Dont talk such rubbish Eric, he cut off his laugh sternly. What a preposterous notion! he said and dismissed the subject as he glanced around the room. Good Lord! What a mess! He limped his way over to Professor Anna and Aaron and sat not far from them, while having a brief look at their injuries. How are you both feeling?
Professor Anna answered first, dizzy and a pretty serious headache, but besides that, alright.
How about you? he asked Aaron who hadnt replied yet.
Im Okay! About the same as Professor Anna.
Hmmm! I think we should get you both to the school doctor as soon as possible, he added looking at them both a little closer. I dont need you both with concussion now, do I?
They shook their heads slowly. Thank you both for fighting so diligently, and putting others ahead of yourselves. Such an inspiring attitude!
We wouldnt have done anything else, Professor Anna responded and Aaron agreed.
Now lets see how evil looks after a few beatings, he smiled at them while getting up and moving over to have a closer look at Professor Showden. Hmmm! Looks as if they got you good. he said to the professor looking briefly at his wounds. Im gathering a broken elbow, shattered knee, missing teeth, broken glasses, broken nose, battered head and private parts. At least that is just what I can tell from a quick glance. Do you see now why you should have taken up learning Tae Kwon Do?
Ha! Ha! Ha! added Professor Showden sarcastically.
However, Im certainly glad now that you didnt, he added loudly so that everyone could hear clearly. He stood up and addressed the rest of the room, Such a great job all of you. I am so proud of your efforts. You have protected many innocent people. I could not have asked for more.
The students were not expecting the praise that Avando gave them. How could we do anything but protect these people? Eva asked with Jayden and Robert in agreement.
Well I am so glad you feel that way, added Avando. Now, I will need you uninjured students to clean up this mess as well as you can, he instructed them. What you cannot do, or fix, I will send the appropriate senior students over later to finish off.
Gladly, Avando, Robert volunteered with the others already starting the clean up.
Looking at Professor Showden, Avando said out loud, Now I should turn this scumbag over to the authorities.
Ill drive you! Charlie said starting to make a move.
Actually Charlie, Ill be fine. The car is automatic and, besides, I need you to make sure Anna and Aaron get to the doctor, he added after seeing the shock on Charlies face.
Are you sure? Charlie asked him uncertainly.
Yes of course, he reassured him. Avando took another look at Aaron, Actually, Jayden
He looked up from the cleaning, Yes Avando?
Ill get you to help Charlie out by making sure Aaron gets to the doctors in one piece as well.
Sure! he promised.
Firstly though, I will get you and Charlie to give me a quick hand getting the abysmal Professor Showden securely tied and into the back of the car.
Happy to help.
Charlie and Jayden helped the gravely wounded Professor Showden to Avandos personal car, which Avando had driven outside the building. They zip tied his hands together at the front, secured him with a seat belt and then zip tied his ankles together as well, just to be sure. With every movement, the professor groaned in agony. Avando turned to them and said, I should be back in a few hours I would imagine, depending on how long it is going to take to lodge the paperwork with the authorities.
Are you sure you dont want me to drive you? Charlie asked again.
Avando gave him a stern but reassuring look. Dont worry, I will be fine Charlie, he said while getting into the drivers seat.
Okay then. See you soon, Charlie said.
They saw him drive off and returned to help the injured to the doctor.
Later that day Professor Anna and Aaron had returned to the main part of The Sanctum, their heads and wounds now covered in bandages. They cleaned themselves up with a shower and a change of clothes. An announcement had been made over the loud speakers for everyone to assemble in the common room. They all made their way there to meet up with the rest of the students from the college.
I wonder what this is about? Eva queried.
Hey look! Robert exclaimed, Avandos back. He pointed to where Avando was standing.
When everyone appeared to be in the room, Avando stood up on one of the staircases with a microphone in one hand and his cane in the other. Hello everyone!
Hi Avando! the students said in unison.
I dont know if you are all aware of the unfortunate events that have occurred today in our beloved Sanctum. Wondering what had happened and seeing if anyone they knew had any idea of the days events, the students started looking around at each other. Mostly puzzled faces stared back at Avando. He continued on very seriously, Today one of our treasured professors was caught in the act of terrorism! A shocked murmur sent a wave throughout the room. Yes, he continued after a short pause, it has deeply saddened my heart today, to have our Professor Eric Showden caught in the act of using one of our surrogates, to place a remote ignition bomb, in a crowded area full of men, women and children. Again more shocked murmurs echoed throughout the room. Fortunately, he was caught in the act and stopped before he was able to set off the bomb. He paused again and then said, I would like to ask these people to come up here. Aaron, Eva, Robert, Jayden and our lovely Professor Anna. The five made their way silently through the whispering crowd to stand alongside Avando.
Now as you can see, a couple of these lovely people are quite wounded. This is because today, they fought against Professor Showden, especially Aaron and Professor Anna, who had to stand against her once much loved husband. However, the other three did wonders in repairing, controlling, and manoeuvring the dangerous surrogate away from the crowd and disposing of the bomb in a safe place. Through the combined effort of these five people they were able to fight the ignition control off him and save so many innocent people. I wholeheartedly commend their efforts and I will remember your unequalled heroism for many years to come! he said proudly, while smiling at the small group.
The five looked embarrassed as the whole room went into a roar of noisy cheering and loud clapping, in appreciation of these unlikely heroes.
Acknowledgments
I am touched by the enormous amount of support I have received from my immediate family. My husband has been a helpful first reader and at times been a wonderful motivator, with hints of ideas to help me through the blanks. The support from my three sons has also been overwhelming. My older two have devoured the book and asked for more, with my middle son helping with those errors missed by spellcheck before editing. Thank you also to my youngest son, though too young to read the book by himself at the time of publishing, has been full of enthusiasm and support.
I would also like to thank my good friend and book enthusiast, Julie Hickson for becoming a beta reader and part editor. With her enthusiasm to continue being a beta reader for the next book in the series, and watching her excitedly trying to work out the future plot, was inspiring for a first time author.
A huge thank you to my dear Auntie Ronelle, who kindly offered to help with the editing process.
A huge thank you to my editor Dr P. J. George, for his editing and writing tips.
Thank you to all of my readers who have loved my work, and continue to read my stories. I would love for you to share your thoughts in a review on one or all of the following:
Amazon.com:
http://www.amazon.com/Jayden-Mysterious-Mountain-Sanctum-Katrina-ebook/dp/B00EYSKMF2
Goodreads:
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/20595260-jayden-and-the-mysterious-mountain
Barnes & Noble:
http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/jayden-the-mysterious-mountain-katrina-cope/1116958249?ean=2940045278218
You can follow Katrina Cope at:
https://www.facebook.com/Author.Katrina.Cope
https://twitter.com/K_CopeFunRead
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/7265107.Katrina_Cope
http://katrenee11.wix.com/katrina-cope-author
Book 2 of The Sanctum Series Scarlets Escape Released June 2014. :http://http://www.amazon.com/Scarlets-Escape-Book-2-Sanctum-ebook/dp/B00L8KYSUO/
Scarlets Escape
Book 2 of The Sanctum Series
- Chapter One -
The Pressure Is On
Sweat trickled down his pale young skin. Down his forehead it travelled, pausing for a brief moment when it hit his eyebrow. It gathered amongst the short hairs, waiting briefly, before continuing as a larger drop to the outside corner of his brow. It resumed down the side of his cheek to the edge of his jaw, making its way to his chin, ultimately dripping directly onto the ground below. 
It was not that the temperature was hot and humid. Instead, it was because this salty sweat was concocted from the fast flowing blood, pumping through his twelve-year old frame, from the pressure of the job at hand. Jayden glanced over at Aaron to see if he also was showing signs of the pressure. It was dark; however, there was enough light shining on him to see his face. Yes, there it was. He too was showing signs. Aaron was sweating as much, if not more, from the intensity of the task at hand. They had previously been running for about five minutes so that they could arrive as quickly as possible at their destination. Now they were sussing it out from a safe distance, watching for any activity that could be threatening to them. 
In front of them stood a small village that looked like a little army camp, perhaps containing rebel soldiers. They had been given strict orders to check the place out and destroy any type of weaponry they came across. These orders were easy to follow, as this place had been marked as an extreme threat, in the form of terrorism against innocent people. Jayden placed his back firmly against the trunk of a rather large tree on the opposite side from the village. Aaron watched him intently and followed suit, trying desperately to blend as much as possible into their surroundings. 
Aaron was a spectacular fighter in Tae Kwon Do, one of the best that Jayden knew of, especially at his age. However, at the moment, Aaron was paying particular attention to Jaydens actions. It was discovered soon after Jayden joined the group at The Sanctum that he was extremely gifted both at camouflage and blending into his environment. This had been revealed purely by accident, when they had played a game of skirmish in the trees outside their school building. Jayden had succeeded so well that they couldnt even see his tracking light on the computer tracker. It had been a little over a year since Jayden had taken Avandos offer and joined the group at The Sanctum, leaving behind the harsh life on the streets. Although he would have been happy with an ordinary, caring home, he was astonished when he was taken to live in a school called The Sanctum, which was built within a large mountain. This mountain was not only truly amazing, but it was decorated with marble, had the best views which were likely to be seen only in a travel catalogue and it was eco friendly too. It was also equipped with a really smart computer or artificial intelligence called Scarlet. She was super intelligent; even hilarious at times and not to be crossed. There were significant consequences in that and all played out by her. 
Jayden peeked around the back of the tree, looking attentively for any movement. He thought he saw something on one of the outside corners in the shadows. His heart immediately pumped extra blood through his body in anticipation of a possible enemy who might be moving around in the dark. Aarons face grew a worried look under the crop of his dark brown hair. He indicated for Jaydens attention to be zoned into the movement he had observed. Jayden nodded in acknowledgement, crouched down, and crept his way over to the edge of the trees for a closer look. Aaron followed closely behind him, making use of the magnifying advantage of binocular vision Jayden zoomed in his sight towards the moving shadow. He saw an external garbage bin located in that corner and from the side of this, he saw the movement again. Realising that the movement was from something small and furry, he put it down to being a cat or some other foraging animal. He breathed purposefully in a slow repetitive manner, letting his heartbeat settle down with the realisation that it was only a creature of the night. Moving his attention to other parts of the village, he scouted the area again without seeing some sign of any other movement.
He spoke into the mouthpiece of his roving communicator strapped to his head, Seraph? it being another name for a messenger or an angel.
Copy! the quick, friendly response from Roberts distant voice instantly soothed their nerves a little, as they knew that they were not totally alone.
Were in need of some better eyes, Jayden requested to him.
Not a problem! Clearer vision is coming your way, Robert affirmed. 
Copy.
Jayden and Aaron waited quietly while continuing to watch the village ahead. It seemed like a pretty sleepy village at the moment. A couple of lights shone dimly lighting up the main street area. At present that seemed like the only signs of occupation, besides the stray creature feasting off the full garbage bins. 
It wasnt long before Jayden felt a fluttering on the coat of his camouflage uniform. He looked down to see an insect crawling out of one of his pockets. It was black with beady eyes and long transparent wings with conspicuous veins. He recognised it as he had seen it in the trees around The Sanctum. It was a Cicada. Once it had finished crawling out of his pocket, it seemed to be looking straight at Jayden and started to sing like it was trying to tell him something. It then flew over to Aaron and landed on his chest and also stared into his eyes. After singing a little Cicada song, it flew off and landed back on Jaydens chest and once again stared back into his eyes. 
Ahh  Seraph? Is that you? Jayden asked hesitantly through his roving communicator. 
Affirmative! Roberts voice confirmed.
Thankful that it wasnt just some weird, eye staring insect, Jayden breathed a sigh of relief. It looked just like the real thing. Roberts inventions never ceased to amaze him. He was a whiz with all technology and all sorts of amazing gadgets, yet he was only twelve. Talk about a prodigy! It wouldnt be noticeable when you look at him though, especially after seeing him eat. He really loves his food but, unfortunately, lacks all kinds of manners, including hygiene. With Robert, that all seems to fly out the door when food is involved. Jayden shivered feeling repulsed just thinking about it.
The Cicada flew off into the air and headed towards the village. In the corner of his night vision glasses, Jayden noticed another small screen appear. It seemed to be bouncing all over the place. Trying not to get motion sick, he looked intently at the screen. Once he focused, Jayden realised that it was actually the vision from the eyes on Roberts cicada. It flew around the closest buildings first, pausing on the windows while taking a good look inside. The cicada must have had night vision installed, as it could even see clearly inside the windows where there were no lights. 
Roberts voice came over the headset, First area is clear. Youre right to go.
Copy! Jayden responded. 
Proceeding with caution, Jayden started making his way closer towards the edge of the trees. He moved slowly, purposely trying to continue to blend in with his surroundings, just in case some impending threat had been overlooked. Aaron continued following Jaydens example though, at the same time, keeping an eye out for any danger.
A loud hoot sounded in the tree not far from where they had stopped. They both jumped at the noise and then looked at each other and smiled, having a silent laugh at their edginess, once they had realised that it was only an owl. Progressing forward, they reached the edge of the trees, dropped to their stomachs and started to crawl, commando style, towards the first outside building of the village. With all senses on full alert, they proceeded while continuing to keep an eye on the screen from the cicadas vision. Limb by limb they crawled closer to the first building. They were almost there when they noticed that the cicada had come across a room full of people dressed in army camouflage uniforms. The officers seemed to be having a party. There were several people standing with drinks in their hands, chatting amongst themselves. 
To one side, there were four men sitting around a table playing cards with a pile of money sitting in the middle. A cigarette was hanging out of the side of the officers mouth while he glanced at his fist full of cards, fanned out nicely so that he could see all of them clearly. He ran his hand through his stubble trimmed dark hair and then rearranged a few of the cards. When he had finished, he closed up his hand of cards so that no one else could peek over his shoulder to see what he had, as he looked around at the other players with a blank expression on his face. 
Laughter exploded from one of the standing soldiers. He was talking to one of the females with a long blonde braid hanging down her back and they seemed pretty cosy. She stood close, focusing her pale blue eyes on his deep brown ones, smiling and leaning into him, oblivious of their surroundings in the room. Jayden could not hear their conversation. This was left to Robert to listen to as he was plugged into the audio back at their base.
Seeing that the room was not an immediate threat to them, Jayden turned his full sight back to what he needed to focus his attention on at present, in order to get them to the first building safely. They continued on in commando crawl towards the village. It wasnt very far, but doing it on all fours made it seem so much farther away.
Something moved in his line of sight at the corner of his left eye. His heart skipped a beat as he turned his vision towards the movement. To his horror he saw a human figure out in the dark. Damn it! He cursed himself. They had been too busy looking at the vision of the activity in the room to take in their immediate surroundings properly. He stopped his crawling and indicated the problem to Aaron. His heart was now beating rapidly in his chest. He had burning in his ears and his body felt weak with sudden panic. They were out in the middle of an open space, clearly visible if a person looked in their direction with a torch or night vision glasses. Muttering a small silent prayer to anyone who would listen, he continued to watch the person while forcing himself to breathe slowly, deeply and purposefully. They were so lucky to still be in the dark shadows and not in the lit area. They remained still while keeping a careful eye on the person in the dark. After what seemed to have been hundreds of deep breaths, Jayden could feel himself starting to get a better grip on his body again. He now had the feeling that he would be able to move again, without feeling intensely weak or clumsy. 
Studying the person with his night vision glasses, he could make out a large rifle slung over the persons shoulder. They seemed to be doing a brief patrol of this side of the village. The soldier wandered over closer to where Jayden and Aaron were now lying, taking a brief look at the trees and the surrounding area. After skimming the area, the soldier continued on around the buildings towards the right side of the village, close to where Jayden and Aaron lay. Thankfully the soldier did not appear to have noticed the two conspicuous figures lying on the ground. Breathing a sigh of relief, Jayden and Aaron watched as the figure progressed around the buildings, scaring away the foraging animal as he walked past the bins. Once this person was fully out of sight, they continued their commando crawl towards the village with extra caution. Edging forward with all senses alert, they were almost to the nearest building, crawling further and further until they finally reached the wall of the building. Standing up now and pressing their backs against it, they edged their way around, blending in as much as possible. Sliding their way slowly around the building and following the way of the armed person, they stuck their heads around the corner to check if all was clear before progressing further. The cicada screen no longer showed the room full of people, but it continued to fly around and investigate the other buildings. 
Seraph? Jayden spoke into the remote communicator.
Copy, Roberts voice responded instantly. 
Whats the status of safe progression? Jayden asked of him. We were slightly preoccupied with an unexpected visitor.
All good so far, just be on alert for a rowdy crowd on building three. All else clear for now, Robert confirmed.
Any sign of our visitor?
Negative; not from here.
Copy. What about our destination? Jayden asked.
Havent found it as yet. Still looking, Robert responded.
Jayden and Aaron continued around building one and then past the next building. When they reached the rowdy building, they kept a low profile and made sure they squatted down below the window height. Their heartbeat rose again, beating loudly in their ears and hard through the limbs of their bodies, making it difficult to move with any finesse. They were thankful the group in the room were so noisy, as it helped to block out any sound that may have come from their temporary clumsiness. Once past the building they breathed a sigh of relief, but at the same time continued on cautiously. 
Contender? Avandos voice came over the roving communicator. 
Yes Alpha, Jayden responded respectfully. Avando was in fact his rescuer from a life on the streets and owner of The Sanctum, which was now Jaydens new life. Avando was the man responsible for taking in many homeless children off the streets and offering them a better life. He acted more as a loving grandfather figure, rather than a principal or owner of the school, and had won the respect of all the teens and preteens he had taken under his wing. He did not demand the respect that was rightfully his, rather he acted more as a carer and due to this the students would do anything for him. 
There appears to be something of a suspicious nature in the fourth building on the left. It does not have any occupants at present, so the sooner you can get there the better, Avando informed him.
Copy Alpha.
In haste, they moved around the buildings, searching for the fourth building on the left. They manoeuvred in and out of the gaps between the different structures. Jayden used a mirror around each of the buildings external corners to check and see if there was anyone behind that corner, before moving around it. As he approached the next corner of the building Jayden again tucked the spying mirror around the side. This time he managed to catch a movement in the dark. He proceeded to watch the mirror closely until he was certain it was another person. He realised that it was the scout who had almost discovered them earlier. Without meaning to, he held his breath in caution, watching the figure intently, making every attempt not to alert him to their presence there. Once he was sure the person was going to be a threat, he pulled his mirror back around the side and indicated to Aaron that an enemy was just around the corner and he was not moving on. It was Aarons turn to take charge of the situation. He was one mean fighter for his age. He moved past Jayden and peeked at the mirror himself. Then to Jaydens surprise he made a sound, loud enough for the enemy to hear. Jayden pressed himself back against the wall, into the shadows, and waited to see what Aaron was planning. With his back also pressed against the wall, Aaron stood still against the corner of the building, close to the edge, watching his enemy in the little corner mirror. Jayden observed as his friends posture changed from a wall camouflage position to a ready stance. He watched in awe as Aaron swiftly placed the mirror in his pocket, waited and then attacked the person with a strike to the neck, as he came around the corner to investigate the noise he had heard. The enemy fell to the ground in silence as he grasped at his throat with a look of shock in his eyes. He was still breathing, but he was rendered voiceless temporarily. Jayden helped Aaron to gag him and then bind his hands and feet so that when he did recover, he would not be able to warn anyone else. They then left the person in a foetal position in a secluded area and continued on stealthily towards their targeted building. 
Seraph? Jayden spoke into the communicator.
Copy. Robert responded.
Has the building been checked to see if it is unoccupied?
Currently finalising assessment. There was a brief pause. Done! All clear for entry.
Copy. Jayden confirmed.
 While they were still scouring the village from the outside to avoid detection, they moved down the side of the targeted building towards the front, which was facing the centre of the small town. Approaching the corner closest to the centre of the dimly lit street, Jayden pulled the mirror out again checking for movement. All seemed clear. With his heart beating hard, sending blood pumping in his ears, he skimmed around the corner to approach the door, while Aaron stood guard. When he arrived at the door, his heart sank. He was unable to pick the lock in the old fashioned way, for it was secured by a digital pin pad. He cursed himself for not bringing the digital pin pad decoder.
Seraph? Jayden spoke into his remote communicator.
Copy. Robert quickly responded.
Ah! We need help from our puzzler. Jayden informed them.
Right here! Evas voice came over the communicator. Jayden breathed a sigh of relief. What do you need?
We have a code we need to be deciphered, he informed her. Can you take a good look? He moved his vision closer to the pin pad knowing that she would now be taking a snapshot looking at it on her computer and attempting to decode it. If anyone could solve it, Eva could. She was amazing with puzzles and problem solving, especially when it came to numbers. 
While he was waiting for her to have a good look at the combinations, he retreated off the main street and back around the corner, out of sight. Just in time too, for, as he pulled into the dark alley, a person was passing through the middle of the village, down the main road.
Ok contender! Evas voice came over his headset.
Just give us a minute, puzzler. We have company. Jayden whispered over the communicator.
Copy. Im here when youre ready.
When he thought the person had gone, he double-checked with the mirror. After everything had been checked and cleared, he stuck his head around the corner for a clearer view. All was clear. He entered the street again with Aaron keeping watch.
Ready puzzler, he confirmed to Eva, whispering over his headset. 
Copy. Now I have several different combinations for you to enter quickly. She started rattling off the different combinations with Jaydens fingers operating as fast as possible while checking the screen for the correct signal. Finally, after many combinations, the green light appeared and he opened the door, slipping inside, with Aaron following closely behind. When they entered, they were astounded by the amount of weapons in that one building. It was like a huge gun closet where the collector had gone mad. There was every kind of gun and rifle, many more than the two boys had ever seen before. Further inside there were grenades, missiles and boxes and boxes of explosives. 
Alpha? Jayden spoke over the communicator.
Copy contender. Avandos voice sounded over Jaydens headset.
Can you see this? Jayden asked him in shock.
Yes, I can. Unfortunately, it is as I had suspected. I will need you to destroy it. Avando told him.
Destroy it? Jayden queried in surprise.
Yes, this is why you have been sent in. It is a great danger to our people.
Copy, Jayden responded getting over his initial disbelief. How would you like us to do that?
Well, looking at all those explosives, the best way would be to blow it up.
Really? Jayden was surprised.
Yes! There is too much to be able to do anything else. Avando confirmed.
Copy Alpha. Jayden set to work with Aarons help.
They began to work, rigging all of the explosives and setting them all ready to blow in five minutes. Then they prepared to leave in haste, heading for the main door. They peered out the window near the door and as they went to open it, they realised that it also needed a code to exit from the inside. 
What? Jayden said out loud involuntarily. Who puts a security lock on a room from the inside? His voice started to tighten in panic. Aaahhh! Puzzler?
Copy. Evas voice sounded over the headphones. 
We need a code and we need it now! Jayden started showing a slight panic.
Just try the code that you entered last for getting in, she stated like it was obvious.
What was that? he urged.
C59835, she advised. 
He entered the code but found that it didnt work. No good Puzzler, he said as dread filled his voice. 
Ahhh! Ok! she sounded surprised. Show me the pad and Ill set to work.
Jayden showed her the pad so that she could copy it and get to work on the code. Be quick, puzzler. We only have four and a half minutes left to get out in one piece.
Copy, she said and went silently to work. At four minutes left Eva spoke. Try these and she rattled off several different codes, which Jayden entered quickly, but with no success. 
No good puzzler. Give us some more, please. His voice was even tighter with tension now. 
Copy, she said and silently went to work again. At three and a half minutes left, her voice came over the headset again. Right try these, she said and ran through several more codes, again with no success.
We need more quickly, Jayden almost screamed at her. The sweat from the stress was starting to run down his face. He wiped it away with his sleeve and looked at Aaron anxiously, only to see his emotions mirrored in Aarons face. To make matters worse, the security alarm had set off from not having the correct code put into the system before the required time. Terror crossed both boys faces at the same instant. Now puzzler. We need the good code now! He was yelling both from panic and the need to be heard over the alarm. 
A few seconds later Evas voice sounded over the headset. Right try these . She called out a few more, finally with success. The light turned green and the alarm stopped, with only two and a half minutes remaining to get far away from the building and out of harms way.
They opened the door to see that there were soldiers running in their direction. They both glanced at each other with a look of dread crossing their faces, but they had no choice left now other than to make a dash for it, out the door in full view of the soldiers. Immediately they heard voices yelling at them, then shooting, and next they heard bullets hitting the building behind them. They continued to run to the side of the building from where they had come from, but they were not so lucky as to be able to make it. 
It all happened so fast. Jayden felt himself falling forward to the ground. No matter how hard he tried he could not get up. He started to crawl forward in the direction they were planning to go. He glanced around quickly to see how Aaron was doing and saw that he was also crawling along the ground. Great, he thought sarcastically, thats not going to help us get out of here quickly! They both picked up their rifles and started shooting back at the soldiers, which slowed their advancement after them. Aaron and Jayden continued to crawl. Their progress was annoyingly slow and the soldiers started aggressively coming at them again. So they were forced to start shooting back, slowing them down yet again. When they retaliated enough to deter them, they continued crawling towards their exit. Jayden glanced at his watch. To his horror he saw there was only thirty seconds left.
Contender! Avandos voice came over the headset. You really need to hurry, as you are still in the danger zone.
Jayden didnt respond but continued moving as fast as he could with Aaron in close pursuit.
Fifteen seconds. Come on contender! Avando almost shrieked over the headset.
They were already going as fast as they could, so all that they could do was to continue on at that speed. Ten seconds  five  then it happened. One brilliant flash accompanied by a large whoosh, which flooded over them.
Contender? Avando spoke over the communicator. Contender? Urgency now pierced his voice. Come in Contender! Contender? Nothing. Silence followed Avandos voice. 
~~~~~
Scarlet's Escape is now released: http://www.amazon.com/Scarlets-Escape-Book-2-Sanctum-ebook/dp/B00L8KYSUO/
