Secret of the Crystal

by
Brian K. Larson

Secret of the Crystal
Brian K. Larson

Published by Brian K. Larson
At Smashwords 

Copyright 2013 Brian K. Larson
Illustrations by Larkin Livesay Jr.

Dedication

I would like to dedicate this book to my wife, Diana, the love of my life and soul mate. She gave me the inspiration and support to complete my lifelong dream.
Table of Contents

Chapter 1  Homecoming
Chapter 2  The Banquet
Chapter 3  Banttuuk
Chapter 4  Amnesia
Chapter 5  The New Rule
Chapter 6  Relationships
Chapter 7  Enemy of the State
Chapter 8  Ensuing Paradox
Chapter 9  The Zelinite
Chapter 10  Healings
Chapter 11  Armada
Chapter 12  The Rune
Chapter 13  Together We Stand
Chapter 14  Broken Time
Chapter 15  The Crystal Caverns
Lexicon
Addendum: Time Travel
Sneak Peak
More Works

Chapter 1  Homecoming

Ackturra
Year: 2983
Jhahnahkan was on his way home. The ships navigation display, after so many years of showing destinations in star systems in the farthest reaches of the galaxy, now showed the familiar 12 planets of his home system. Ackturra was the fifth planet, and highlighted as their destination.
Jhan nervously fingered the edge of the black, calf-length cloak that he wore over his scarlet uniform, the traditional garb of the ruling elite of Ackturra.  Born just minutes behind his brother Jhovahkan, his ascension to the ruling council was delayed only until the completion of his mission to the outer rim.
Are you concerned about what is to come? his second in command, Torvon, interrupted. After so many years together and under the stresses of their mission to find allies in their failing war with the Zelinites, Torvon knew his moods and concerns well.
Concerned? Jhan shook his head. No. Not concerned. Just a little excited that I will finally have a crystal of my own and all that it means for me and those who stand by me.
The crystals of Ackturra are our greatest treasure. Your family and the entire House of S has done well in protecting them from our enemies, and using them to our advantage for thousands of years in this war. I am confident, that once you finally join the High Council, we will enjoy even greater victories.
Torvon, you embarrass me with your praise.
It is well earned Captain. But, if it makes you uncomfortable, I will talk of other things.  True to his word Torvon changed the subject to one closer to his heart. Will the Lady Tamika be present for your ascension?
Jhan nodded.  Yes, I am certain that my little sister will be there. Would you like me to give her a message for you? Jhan smiled as Torvon blushed slightly.
Sir, I think you are toying with me. We both know that my admiration for your sister can never be more than that. The distance between our two houses is too great.
The distance between your house and hers is not that far.  As the daughter of Councilwoman Luanren rather than my mother the High Priestess Ghaia, Lady Tamika may yet find a husband among the noteworthy members of the second tier.
Now sir, it is you who embarrass me with your praise.
You have done well on this very important mission Torvon.  Make no mistake, I will give a full report on all your actions.
How do you think Lady Tamika, er, your sister, faired over the last twenty years?
Ah, yes. It will be good to see my little sister again, and I am sure she is doing quite well, pausing for a moment, I wish I could say the same for my brother, 
I understand, sir. Is there no way you could try to set aside your differences just this once? Torvon asked, This is a special occasion.
Jhahnahkan sternly looked on, Hardly a welcomed concept. My brother has been fighting my fathers proposed resolution since the day we came of age.
Everyone is for your appointment sir, except your brother. I am sure he will finally settle down and accept this.
Jhovahkan has strong support from the northern clan territory on Ackturra. I do not think this ceremony will go without some kind of spectacle.
Excuse me, sir, the communications officer said. I am receiving a transmission from the Ackturra approach control. They are requesting our ETA.
Helmsman, how much longer before we leave slipstream?
We will be dropping out of slipstream in fifteen minutes, sir.
Theres your answer. Jhahnahkan smiled.
He turned toward the front of the bridge and looked forward over the bow of the ship. The slipstreams light show was always amazingly beautiful. Gleaming blue and green colors spiral around the sleek cruisers forward glass. 
Ask them if they have heard from the Kalentun? 
After a few moments, the communication officer answered, Sir, they say they have not received any transmissions from your brother, and his ship does not show up on any of their scans.
I know he is out theresomewhere. He wont miss this ceremony. He will use this for his gain. He cannot do that if he is not present!
The Telenian began to shimmer slightly with the slipstream drive beginning to slow. The light show began to fade, and the stars materialized in the front view. 
Sir, slipstream drive has disengaged.
Helm, steady with inertial dampeners, slow to one-half impulse.
Aye, Captain, the helmsman, setting his controls to the commands, Inertial dampeners stabilized. That should smooth out our ride as we transition back to subspace.
Open a channel to Ackturra approach control.
Channel open, sir
This is the captain of the Telenian permission to approach standard orbit.
The comptroller responded with a harsh voice, Captain, you are clear to enter orbit. Please use planetary defense code alpha gamma seven-seven-two-three-niner.
Acknowledged. Alpha gamma seven-seven-two-three-niner, pausing, he whispers, Helmsman, ETA?
Thirteen minutes. 
Again, the comptroller responded with a harsh voice, Roger that. Thirteen minutes. Will you require an escort to planet side?
Negative, I will be piloting my shuttle alone... Telenian out, Jhahnahkan acknowledged, Tactical, scan the sector for my brothers ship.
No sooner than Jhahnahkan gave that order, several warning lights began flashing and alarms sounded. The computer came alive, taking over the helm, Warning, proximity sensors indicate a collision course executing emergency evasive. Please stand by. Shields engaged. Course set, the computer said in a deep-sounding, artificial voice.
The computer engaged maneuvering thrusters and rolled the sleek sturdy cruiser thirty degrees to the port side. The ship groaned with the gravitational pull from the planet. The computer fired rear thrusters, which sent the ship toward the large reddish planet. 
Sir, its Kalentun!  He just came out of nowhere.  
What the devil is he doing? Jhahnahkan shouted, Open a channel.
Channel open, sir.
The tactical officer reported, Sir, he has engaged ram shields and is moving to intercept.
Understood! Jhahnahkan exclaimed.
Sir, they are not responding to our hails.
Computer, engage attack pattern Jhahnahkan-2-3-1.
Course set and engaged, the computer responded.
The Telenian pitched forty degrees and rolled to starboard swinging around the approaching Kalentun. 
Lock weapons on their reactor.
Weapons locked Target acquired... Standing by.
Steady... Wait for my signal on three.
Sir, they have slowed and powered down their ram shields.
Full stop!
Aye, sir, the helmsman replied. Overriding the computer control, he brought the Telenian to a full stop.
The Kalentun slowed and came to a halt as the Telenian slid perpendicular to her, weapons hot and waiting to fire upon his brothers flagship when the com channel began to come alive.
The com station began to activate, showing the view screen with the image of Jhahnahkans brother. 
He was wearing his full Ackturrian military dress uniform of red and gold. His outer jacket covering was buttoned up his neck and his shoulders seemed a bit more broad than usual.  
His black cloak flowed from his shoulders down his back to just above the floor. Jhovahkan showed off all of his medals, which were displayed on his breast. 
 Brother! It is good to see you, my friend, Jhovahkan said with a sheepish smile on his face.
What the hell do you think you are doing? 
 Ah well, did I catch you off guard?  My dear brother, you will need to be much more alert than that if you are to be flying with my fleet. You never know when someone might try to take you out. After all, with all these Zelinites infesting our space, they could have captured my ship and used her against you.
Im not laughing. I was about to fire on a hostile ship. Having your ram shields up kept your reactor vulnerable. If anyone needs to be careful, it is you Jhovahkan.
Touch and well done. Well done indeed! Jhovahkan laughed as he clapped in a rather slow rhythm. I was hoping you would pass my little test. You see, I instructed approach control to not alert you of our presence.
I thought I smelled a rat when we came out of slipstream. I was wrong. I smelled you.
Oh come now, my dear brother, he said, continuing his usual jovial bantering, you dont honestly think I would have rammed your precious Telenian, now do you?
Do not patronize me, brother! 
There is no need to get testy with me. After all, our father is throwing a banquet in your honor tonight. It will be a simply marvelous and auspicious occasion celebrating your acceptance to the council. This should be a happy time for you.
I will be much more at ease once this ceremony is done and I have possession of my power crystal.
Oh yes, the power crystal. You will enjoy having that, this I am certain!
The com channel opened again with the harsh voice of the comptroller. Attention! We have a level 3 alert. Zelinite raiders are attacking two transports in sector one-one-six.
Jhovahkans battle cruiser came to life, engines firing full thrusters as she swung around and began an intercept course toward the vessels coordinates. 
Brother, I will have you take point on this attack, Jhovahkan said with sternness. I want to see what you are made of. I will be close behind. Do not let these Zelinites get another transport!
Sound General Quarters! Shields up! Helm, set intercept course at maximum speed, Jhahnahkan commanded.
Aye, sir, shields up. Course set and laid in, the helmsman replied. We will arrive to the battle sector in thirteen minutes.
Tactical, charge all weapons. This is going to be stimulating.
As the tactical officer prepared his console, he smiled with joy. I will much enjoy taking down these raiders. It has been far too long since they dared a hit so close to Ackturra.
Jhahnahkan said with a calm, yet commanding voice, Patience, my good man. Youll get your opportunity. We will be victorious! 
The Telenian began to speed way from Ackturra and overtook his brothers ship. 
I will see you after the battle, my brother, Jhahnahkan said slowly rubbing his hands together. You can clean up the Zelinite mess I will be leaving behind. 
I look forward to seeing how well you do. Just remember, I am watching and will intervene should you begin to fail, Jhovahkan scowled, leaning closer to the view screen, raising his left eyebrow.
You wish. Perhaps I will finally convince you that I am worthy to fly the Ackturrian flag, he said before motioning to the com officer to cut the channel.
Sir, we have confirmation on the scanner. There are two Zelinite raiders. They have engaged the transport ships, the tactical officer alerted the captain. Sir, are we going to ram them?
That thought had crossed my mind, Jhahnahkan said, stroking his chin, We have never used our ram shields in a real battle before, so let us put them to the test, shall we? Standing from his captains chair, Jhahnahkan turned to his tactical officer and gave the signal. Engage the ram shields! Helm, bring us to ramming speed. I want to hit them dead center.
Aye, sir, the helmsman shouted, With pleasure.
Steady, everyone! Tactical, target the second ship and begin firing on my command.
Weapons online Target locked. I will attempt to disable their engines and weapons.
As the Telenian sped closer to their target, an eerie quiet ensued upon the bridge crew while they concentrated on each of their assigned tasks.
Sir, we have visual. One minute to target. They are turning from the transports and heading away.
Keep on target! Do not let them get away! Jhahnahkan ordered, sitting back in his captains chair. He gripped the sides of the chairs arms, Steady... Steady...
The computer chimed in, We are on a collision course. Please provide authorization for ramming condition.
Jhahnahkan responded, Jhahnahkan ram authorization niner-niner-two-three-five.
Authorization Jhahnahkan niner-niner-two-three-five confirmed. Brace for impact.
The crews Automated Restraint System or ARS, held the crew firmly in place while the computer counted down the seconds to impact. 
Jhahnahkan thrust his arm with his index finger extended, Fire!
The Telenian closed in on the Zelinite ship, Impact in 3, 2, 1.
The sleek design of the Ackturrian battle cruiser, with its streamlined pointed front end, and reinforced by the ramming shields, acted like an ice pick to the Zelinite raider, splitting its hull in two. The sound of the impact echoed throughout the decks of the Telenian. Chunks of metal and debris flew past the conning tower of the Telenian, striking the forward view screen as the ship passed through the other side of the raider. The resulting impact caused the ship to explode into a million pieces. 
Their weapons fired at the second Zelinite ship as they passed through the first. The weapons volley struck the raider, hitting their engines causing them to lose attitude control and begun to spin uncontrollably.
Bulls-eye, Jhahnahkan shouted, Nice maneuvering.
Sir, the other ship is disabled, the tactical officer gleefully reported. 
Return shields to normal. Bring us around and approach the second ship.
Jhahnahkan barked several more orders to his crew and asked for a damage report.
Sir, all decks are reporting in. We have taken minor damage to our lower decks but nothing significant. No hull damage and all systems are operational, the communications officer replied. 
Very good, Jhahnahkan said, Tactical, what is their status?
The tactical officer turned to his captain with a concerned look about him, Sir, I am getting readings of a power surge from their core. They are in overload!
Helm, get us outta here! They are going to blow it! 
Aye sir! Reversing course... Coming about and increasing speed.
Maximum shields to the rear! Come on now, move it, move it, move it!
The Telenian engines fired full thrusters as she began to speed out of range. The Zelinite ship ignited into a brilliant light as the ship exploded. 
The resulting shock wave caused the Telenian to rock and sway back and forth. 
Sir, shields are holding. We are at safe range. No additional damage detected.
Open a channel to the transport lead ship.
This is captain of the Telenian of the Ackturrian fleet. Do you require assistance?
The com crackled static as they waited for a reply. Repeat, do you need assistance? What is your condition? Please respond.
This is the captain of the Khateal. Weve taken significant damage and have a few casualties, but we have maintained hull integrity. Our other transport ship is in good shape, and they can tow us the rest of the way.
We will dispatch five fighters to escort you to your port. Do you need anything else?
No, sir, he replied with a sigh of relief. Thank you for your help Captain. 
Dispatch five fighters to escort the transports, Jhahnahkan motioned.
Attention, flight deck, the communications officer commanded, fighters blue 11 through 15, launch immediately for escort duty.
Two minutes passed, and the fighters came into view as they moved out ahead of the Telenian. They banked starboard and traveled out of sight.
Helm, rendezvous with the Kalentun. My brother will be sure to comment on our victory.
The Telenian turned hard to its port and engaged main engines. Secure from general quarters, Jhahnahkan commanded, taking his seat in his captains chair. Open a channel to the Kalentun. 
Well, well, my brother. Not bad, not bad at all. I would not have fallen for the self-destruct tactics that the Zelinites tend to use. You could have damaged your precious Telenian. Oh, I forgot, my precious Telenian since your ship belongs to me and my fleet now.  
Jhahnahkan stood and responded, sounding disgusted at his brothers critique, Oh please, spare me your pathetic battle synopsis. You know full well that we were victorious. Just admit it that we defeated them without any need of your assistance.
Fine, you defeated your targets without my help, and you used your, err, my ships ram shields.
Sir, the Kalentun is coming into view, the helmsman reported, attending his flight controls.
Bring us into formation.
Aye, sir.
The Telenian turned a half circle around the Kalentun and slipped parallel while matching her speed. 
Face it Jhovahkan, you could not have done much better than that.
Very well... if that is what you want to hear from me, then I will give you this one.
Telenian out, Jhahnahkan motioned to the communications officer by moving his hand across his neck, indicating to cut the channel.
The two ships slowly made their way back to Ackturra and entered standard orbit. 

* * *
Kalentun - Captains Quarters
Jhovahkan paced the deck of his quarters as he waited for his senior staff to assemble. He slowly removed the long black flowing cloak from his shoulders and draped it over the back of a chair. Stepping over to the wet bar, he poured a stiff drink. Lifting the glass to his lips, he downed it all at once and then slammed the glass down on the counter. 
He thought to himself, I must stop Jhahnahkans acceptance to the council. There must not be anyone or anything that gets in my way. 
He clenched his teeth and his jowls pulsated with anger and frustration. Running his hand through his red stringy hair, he stopped at the back of his head and closed his hand into a fist, then pulled his hair as he continued thinking of his plan.
The door buzzer sounded, alerting the captain that his senior staff had arrived. He walked over to his console and pressed a button to open the cabin door. Five officers entered the room, and the door closed behind them. 
Anyone care for a drink? Jhovahkan asked. You may need one after you hear my orders.
The other officers all looked at one another, wondering what their captain had in mind. 
Agreeing to his offer, Jhovahkan poured each one a small glass and handed them out.
Gentleman, as soon as my brother leaves for the planet and is out of range, I will send a team over to the Telenian. I am removing Jhahnahkan from his command. We may not be able to trust any of his existing bridge officers. Anyone that will not cooperate will be killed. 
Sir, you are aware that Jhahnahkans crew will resist your action as they are very loyal to him, his first officer, Panru, said, sounding a note of concern. For that matter, Jhahnahkan himself will be very unhappy.
Jhahnahkan will not know about this action until it is too late, Jhovahkan said in stern voice. Those are my orders. I expect all of you to follow them without question.
Panru stepped forward and raised his fist over his chest, Aye, sir! You will not have to worry about our loyalty You have our utmost support.
He moved his clenched fist from his chest and stretched his arm straight out in front of him. The other officers joined him with this gesture of acknowledgment, showing the captain their allegiance to him. 
Jhovahkan returned their gesture, sporting an evil grin. Then he lowered his arm back down and moved back over to the counter, picked up the flask, and poured everyone another round. Everyone, drink up, for tomorrow we may die, Jhovahkan jested with an evil laugh.
Captain, what are your plans for Jhahnahkan? one of  the officers asked. 
Yes, tell us how you plan to stop his admittance to the council? another added.
All right, Jhovahkan said, walking over and sitting at the strategic planning table. Come, sit with me, and I will go over the plans. Just remember, these may not go down the way I have planned, but as long as the outcome is the same, it does not matter. 
The officers gathered around the long oval table, and each took a chair. They sat uncomfortably and fidgeted as they listened to Jhovahkans plan for his brother.
Jhovahkan stood at the front side of the oval planning table in his quarters, he leaned slightly over the table, resting his knuckles on the glass. Jhovahkan looked at his officers, making eye contact with each one. With his left eyebrow slightly cocked, he opened by addressing the computer, Computer, seal my quarters and scan the room for any foreign com signals. 
The computer responded in an almost mechanical voice, Room sealed... scanning for devices room clear.
Excellent! he continued, These plans are to be kept within this room. Anyone caught discussing this with any other crewman without my authorization shall be charged with treason.  He continued his stare at each member, Do I make myself perfectly clear? If anyone chooses to decline, you may do so now. You will not be held accountable. You will be reassigned to a post of my choosing.  
Each member acknowledged the risk by nodding as they continued to listen to Jhovahkan intently.
Very well then, he continued, As soon as my brother disembarks for Ackturra, we will set up a communication dampening field around the Telenian. Once communications have been cut off from Jhahnahkan, our ship will send him a message that the Telenian apparently had taken more damage than first thought. He will be told that their communication array had to be taken off-line for repairs. If he questions those actions, our response will be that there was no time to let him know, the array had to be taken off-line to prevent further damage.
Panru chimed in, What happens if he does not buy the story?
This plan must not fail! Jhovahkan yelled, If at any time he attempts to return to the Telenian, he will be told that there was also a containment leak and the Kalentun is towing her away to a safe distance until the leak is repaired. 
Jhovahkans engineering officer interjected, I will have two engineer ensigns assigned to the Telenian immediately. We can use them to simulate a containment leak and seal off the engineering section if we need them. They will have complete control of the entire ship from there.
Most excellent, Jhovahkan said. They will be utilized in this operation. We can take over the Telenian much quicker that way. As soon as we have the dampening field in place, you are to contact your men. Have them seal off engineering and transfer control to their consoles.  Jhovahkan looked at his tactical officer. Your assignment will be to assemble an assault team in our rear cargo bay. Twelve to fifteen armed men should be a sufficient show of force.  He pointed at Panru, his first officer. You will accompany the assault team and will take command. You are no longer my fist officer. You are now captain of the Telenian, he said, then turned to his first lieutenant, You will also accompany me in the cargo bay. Walking over to him, he rested his right hand on the lieutenants left shoulder. I will need someone I can trust as my new first officer. You will also need to protect me for the following minutes after the transfer. I can only transport fifteen men through the vortex before I am completely drained. It will take me about fifteen minutes to regain my strength. I know I can count on you, Jhovahkan slowly moved around the room, walking behind each officer, I know I can count on all of you. You are the finest officers in the fleet. This is the only reason you are here today. 
Stopping behind the last lieutenant, he slowly pulled out his curved dagger from his side sheath and grabbed the lieutenant with his left arm around his neck. 
Jhovahkan held his dagger up to the mans neck and added pressure. You all know what can happen if you disobey my orders, Jhovahkans eyes widened and his face lost color, You pay with your very own blood, he whispered coldly. 
The room quieted, and an eerie feeling enveloped everyone as they sat around the table, staring at their captain. Jhovahkan moved his dagger from his officers neck and touched the tip to his right cheek. He slowly moved the blade down, cutting his skin, causing blood to drip down the blade. 
Panru broke in and stood, Jhovahkan! That is enough! We understand! 
Jhovahkan released the officer and cleaned his blade on the mans coat. Very well, I just wanted to make my point clear, Jhovahkan said as he returned his dagger to its sheath. The officer held his cheek with the palm of his hand as he stopped the blood from dripping down his face, sneering back at the captain.
Jhovahkan returned to the head of the table. Gathering his composure, he continued explaining his plan, Now then, he said clearing his throat, once we have taken the Telenian, it will be time for the banquet. Since I will be busy teleporting the assault team, I will need you, Lieutenant, to pilot my shuttle to the planet with my com signature onboard. That way, if my brother scans my shuttle, he will confirm that I am onboard. If he tries to communicate, I will have the shuttle programmed to route the signal to me. Once I have regained enough strength, I will transport myself down to the shuttle and send you back to the Kalentun. 
Sir, how will you stop the ceremony tomorrow? his new first officer asked.
You see, Jhovahkan said, there really is only one solution to this problem. I will have to become leader of the council.
Panru chimed in, Sir, there is only one way for you to take control of the council. Your father must be
dead, Jhovahkan interrupted, Yes, I plan on killing my father at the ceremony. When my brother is sent to the Crystal Mountains to claim his power crystal, I will kill my father and take control of the council, he said with an evil declaration.
Jhovahkan, how will you get away with killing your father? his new first officer asked.
I have the birthright to the throne. This has been done in times past. This action will not be considered a hostile takeover, it will be considered a coup dtat, Jhovahkan said confidently. Enough of this discussion. You all have your assignments. Meet me in the cargo bay in twenty minutes. Time is at hand, and my father will be wondering what is keeping me so long.
Jhovahkan stepped over to the computer console and pressed a few buttons. There he pointed to the scanner, My brother has just departed the Telenian. My shuttle must leave immediately. We will be Victorious! 

* * *
Kalentun 
Aft Cargo Hold
Jhovahkan made his way to the rear cargo bay on the Kalentun. The double doors of the cargo bay opened simultaneously, making a whirring sound. He crossed the threshold and ordered all crewmen to leave. There were four crewmen that departed through the tall doors while Jhovahkan walked over to one of the cargo bay consoles. 
Reaching inside his cloak, he pulled out a black velvet pouch which was tied at the top with a golden cord. He meticulously untied the cord and opened the pouch, removing a crystal shard from within. The crystal began to glow and slowly intensified as he touched it. He wrapped his left hand around the crystal, and it immediately lit up the entire room with a very bright red luster. He tucked the velvet pouch back inside his cloak and held the crystal with both hands. Pausing, he closed his eyes and drew in the warmth of the crystal as he held it near his left cheek. How is my little friend doing?  I have not been able to play with you lately. You are sure to get a good workout today, Jhovahkan said mysteriously.
The assault team entered the cargo bay with the officers. Jhovahkan regained his composure and gave the computer a command to close and seal off the cargo bay. 
My good men, he began, this assignment is of the most importance to the Ackturrian Northern Movement. This day will go down in history in which I, Jhovahkan, took over the Ackturrian council. I will begin my reign today! We will be victorious!
The men all cheered and applauded Jhovahkan with whistles and vigorous clapping.
Attention! Jhovahkan commanded, In just a moment, I will generate a vortex that will lead you to the bridge of the Telenian, where my former first officer, Panru, will take command. Should you find any resistance, you will swiftly eliminate all threats using any necessary force.
Jhovahkan, we just received confirmation that your brother has entered the atmosphere and is en-route to the council hall. Your shuttle has left the launch bay, and your com signature is onboard. If your brother attempts to contact you, his communication will be directed to you here, Panru said as he smiled at his former captain. 
Excellent, Jhovahkan replied. Panru, you will indeed make a fine captain.
Jhovahkan stretched out both arms as he held the red shimmering crystal and began to concentrate. 
Shimmering lights projected from the crystal. The sound of rushing wind flooded the cargo bay as a circular spinning vortex opened before the men. The vortex enlarged, and as the men gazed at the phenomenon, the bridge of the Telenian appeared on the other side. 
One at a time now Go, go, go! he commanded. 
One by one, the soldiers entered the vortex and disappeared, crossing over to the Telenian. With the last man crossing over, Jhovahkan collapsed at the same time as the vortex. The crystal in his hand no longer glowing, he lay on the floor motionless and unconscious.

* * *
Telenian - Bridge
The crew of the Telenian had no chance of resisting as they were overcome with the assault force now in place on the bridge. 
The two ensigns in the engineering room transferred all controls to the emergency stations, leaving the bridge crew without any control of the Telenian.
They began simulating an engine containment leak and sealed off the engineering section from the Telenian security. 
I am Panru, the new captain said. By order of the fleet commander, Jhovahkan, I hereby relieve Captain Jhahnahkan from his command. I am now your new commanding officer. You will follow my orders from now on. Do not resist this movement. Any attempt to contact your former captain will be considered an act of subversion and you shall be sentenced to death, Panru said condescendingly.
The bridge crew stared in shock as their new captain sat in the command chair on the bridge of the Telenian. There was nothing the crew of the Telenian could do as they sat powerless against the assault team. For now, they reluctantly waited and followed their new captains orders.

* * *

Chapter 2  The Banquet

Jhahnahkans Shuttle
Jhahnahkans shuttle departed The Telenian. The docking bay doors closed moments after he cleared the hull. Setting his flight controls for planetary entry, he flew the flight path according to the control centers directions. The shuttle twisted and turned as he adjusted the pilot controls for entry. 
Base Control gave Jhahnahkan final clearance to pass through the planetary shields. His ship made the final pitch changes and slipped into the upper atmosphere.
Computer, Jhahnahkan ordered, switch controls to atmospheric flight. 
As he switched on the com, Jhahnahkan commanded the computer to contact the Telenian. Telenian, come in please.  
The com returned static, Telenian, please respond.
Sorry, sir, this is the Kalentun. The Telenian reported a major failure with their communications array and had to take the system off-line. What can I do for you? the com officer of the Kalentun asked. 
That is very odd. There was no damage reported after the battle, Jhahnahkan replied. Keep me posted on the repair progress. Jhahnahkan out. 
He flipped a few switches and commanded the computer to scan the Telenian. 
Scanning One moment... Unable to scan the Telenian There is no signal, the computer reported. 
Computer, scan Jhovahkans shuttle.
Scanning Jhovahkans signal confirmed, the computer replied. 
Open a channel.
Channel opened.
Jhovahkan, come in.
The com returned static once again. This is very peculiar, he thought.
Base Control, come in. Request permission to return to the Telenian, Jhahnahkan requested.
This is Base Control. Request denied, sir. You have been ordered to report to the council hall immediately. 
Understood. Jhahnahkan out. 
Jhahnahkans shuttle descended down as it twisted and turned. As he lined up his approach path to the council hall landing pad, he looked around and admired the pleasant scenery. The magnificent tall green forest trees that surrounded the mountainous compound was beautiful this time of year as were the green colored lakes, its waterfall cascading down and spewing foam at its base. He circled around to the east and flew up the base of the Crystal Mountains, taking in the majestic surroundings just before his final approach. He activated the shuttles landing gear and settled the sleek ship down onto the designated landing pad.
The small ship touched down onto the pad, its landing gear shock absorbers cushioned the weight as the ship rocked up and down slightly, before coming to rest.
He powered down the engines, and you could hear the whine of the turbines slow. The hum from the engines lowered in pitch and finally came to a stop. 
He flipped up the canopy switch. There was a swoosh that sounded as the outside air rushed into the cockpit. The lid of the shuttle opened to the cool brisk air of early evening. He stopped and soaked in the pleasant scent and looked up to the bright red-orange colored sky that Ackturras unique curve and planetary orbit is best known for. 
The two moons, in full view, with the right moon slightly lower than the left, appeared low on the horizon as the sun began to set. He sat for a moment and closed his eyes, soaking in the scent, not seeing the woman that approached from the distance.
As Jhahnahkan climbed down from the cockpit, he turned to approach the council hall and was greeted by a smiling blond-haired woman. 
She was dressed in a lavender smock that went down just below her waist with tight slacks and ankle-high boots. Her dark green cloak flowed down, touching the ground behind her. Her arms stretched out as she grabbed Jhahnahkan and hugged him tightly and then kissed him on his left cheek.
My brother, it is so good to see you after all this time, Tamika said with a huge grin.
Sister Tamika! I have longed to see your blue sparkling eyes and beaming smile. It is very good to see you too.
Our father has prepared a wonderful banquet in your honor. Tomorrow you will be confirmed as one of the council members.
Jhahnahkan only now noticed that Tamika was speaking to him without moving her mouth. How did you do that? he asked.
Tamika projected with her mind to Jhahnahkan, It is one of the abilities that I trained with my crystal
The two joined arms and started to slowly walk to the council hall.
What else have you been able to do with your crystal? Jhahnahkan asked.
I have the ability to protect myself and others in close proximity, if I choose, Tamika said with a sheepish grin. I am still working on my teleportation skills, which is much harder and takes more concentration. The last time I tried, I was unconscious for over an hour!
What about my brother? What has he perfected with his crystal? he asked inquisitively. 
Rumor has it that he has perfected teleportation and can actually teleport large groups with little energy drain, Tamika said with her thoughts. He can also fire energy pulses from his crystal, although I dont think he has critically injured anyone yet.
How long did it take you to communicate with your mind?
It really did not take me but a few days once I obtained my crystal and had it trained to me.
Amazing, Jhahnahkan said with a chuckle.
You will see. Once you go up into the Crystal Mountain caverns and seek out your crystal, you will almost immediately begin to realize your powers. Tamika answered, only this time Jhahnahkan sensed a much different emotion from his sister, an emotion of great passion and desire for power.
Why is it that only the council members have been allowed to have a focus crystal if having one is so beneficial? he asked.
It is simply a necessity of order and to continue our authority that controls Ackturrian society. Sure, there have been others that try to steal a crystal from time to time. They are dealt with by swift justice to ensure that others are not tempted to commit the same offence, Tamika said, speaking with her voice this time.
Why is it you decided to cease speaking with your mind just now?
It is harder to communicate one way in that manner. You will understand soon. Speaking with your mind with two or more is much more efficient when you are not bound by words, Tamika said as she tried to convince her brother.
I am not so sure that I want a crystal, Jhahnahkan said with a slight hesitation. I do not like the feeling I was sensing from you a moment ago. 
Tamika interrupted her brother with a noticeably irritated voice, Do not be foolish, my brother. You simply must have a power crystal. It is a requirement for council admittance. 
I felt an impure desire for power that
Tamika cut off her brother off, Never speak of that again! You must not let the others know how you feel, she said with a concerned tone. Hide those feelings deep down. Bury it forever, especially when our brother is near. He will use that against you.
The two entered the hall of the council chambers and the towering door slowly closed behind them. Tamika grabbed Jhahnahkan by the arm and hurriedly led him down a corridor off into a private room.
Tamika removed her crystal from her cloak and held it in her hands. Look and see for yourself, Jhahnahkan. There is nothing wrong with the crystals. They are not harmful or cause any pain. They give the possessor comfort and peace. How could that feeling be wrong? 
 She held her crystal in the palm of her hand and took her brothers hand; she placed it over the crystal. 
There! See? It is fine, she said with a comforting voice.
Immediately the crystal began to glow an iridescent green, which began to envelop the two. The shimmering light grew in size and brilliance. The two stood in the midst and soaked in the well-being and harmony the crystal provided.
I can feel the power you speak of, my sister, Jhahnahkan said as he stood in the light. He quivered with an overwhelming feeling.
Yes, I told you this was a good thing, she said with her mind. Do you realize you spoke to me with your mind, Jhahnahkan? 
No, I did not realize that I did. I just thought it, and you received it.
The feeling became so strong that Jhahnahkan jerked backward, catching Tamika off guard. The two separated, and the crystal began to fall to the ground in what seemed like slow motion. The feeling turned to despair as the crystal lost its luster. Tamika shrieked with terror as the crystal struck the floor and bounced. She dove after her power crystal and grabbed it before it had a chance to strike the floor a second time. She rolled on the ground and landed back on her feet. When she snatched it from hitting the ground, she felt a loss of power in the crystal as it slowly stopped vibrating. Tamika carefully inspected the crystal and noticed that there was a splinter that had broken from the side. She scanned the floor for the broken crystal, but their privacy was suddenly interrupted as the door burst open. It was their father, Qiaoshan. Tamika quickly tucked her focus crystal back into her cloak, her father taking notice.
What is going on in here? Qiaoshan asked.
Nothing, Father, Tamika answered. WeI I was just showing my brother. 
Qiaoshan stopped his daughter, it is okay, he said with his mind. I understand Jhahnahkans trepidation with the focus crystal. He will soon understand the mystery as soon as he claims his crystal.
Father, I know I am to have one. I was only curious how it is used, he replied in thought. Tamika only showed me her crystal after my prompting.
Qiaoshan stood for a moment, bringing his hand up to his temple and concentrated on his son. He continued to probe Jhahnahkans mind, searching for what had happened, trying to confirm his sons explanation. 
My son, he said, I sense you are telling me the truth. You two come with me. Your brother is here and is waiting for us to join the banquet.
The three left the room, and as Tamika slowly closed the door behind her, she looked over her shoulder one last time to see if the broken shard was in visible range. Without seeing it, she finally closed and locked the door.
Qiaoshan led the two down the long hallway while Tamika looked over at her brother with inquisitive eyes, wondering how he was able to shroud the truth of what had happened from their father. As they were led down the hallway, Qiaoshan began to ask Jhahnahkan about his journey back home. The two conversed casually about Jhahnahkans journey on the far side of the galaxy over the last decade. 
Jhahnahkan, Tamika probed, Jhahnahkan? Do you hear me?
He answered with his mind back to Tamika while continuing his vocal conversation with his father, Yes, strange as it is, I do hear you, and I can continue to speak to our father.
I broke my crystal! There is a shard that fractured when my crystal hit the floor! I could not find it. It has to be on the floor somewhere, How did you hide the truth of what happened from Father?
I simply thought of the way I wanted him to see the truth and projected that thought back to him as he probed my mind, Jhahnakan replied with his mind.
That is very odd, Tamika once again replied with her mind, No one has been able to do that with their mind without having a tuned crystal.
Just as she was finishing relaying her thoughts to Jhahnahkan, Qiaoshan interrupted his concentration. Son, you have many stories and experiences from what I can see of your great journey. You will have plenty of time to tell us all over the following years as you take your place on the council by your brothers side.
The three entered into a white banquet hall. The circumference of the room was a hundred feet around. The dome-shaped ceiling towered above them thirty feet, which was all held together by five pillars, all decorated in hand carvings. The carvings all told stories of Ackturras triumphant battles throughout history. The room had corridors exiting between each of the five pillars and was lit by a low-hanging crystal chandelier suspended from the center of the dome.
You could hear the sound of beautiful harmonics resonating as the crystals on the chandelier shimmered with the cool breeze that flowed through the room. 
There was a twenty-foot long oval banquet table in the center of the room. The table was covered with a silk cloth and each place setting had been set with the councils finest dinnerwear. Each place setting was meticulously arranged to perfection, seating ten on either side. 
There were several other council members and their families mingling and talking in various groups.
 Jhahnahkan scanned the room and found his brother standing over on one of the sides of the room, leaning against the wall with his leg crossed and slightly bent behind him. Jhovahkan sported his usual sheepish grin and was wearing his full military dress with his cloak draped over his shoulders flowing down behind him.
Jhahnahkan approached him while his brother stood straight to greet him, Ahhh, my good brother! It is a pleasure to finally see you after all of these years, he mused. 
My good brother, indeed you do tell a truth, Jhahnahkan repeated back. As he came in arms length, Jhahnahkan put his left hand on his brothers chest, I sense lies and deceit within your heart, my brother.
Nonsense! That is preposterous.
I know you are hiding something from me, Jhahnahkan interrupted. He probed his brothers mind as if he already had the knowledge on how to do that, You took my ship!  He gasped with surprise. 
Jhovahkan shoved his brother up against the wall, pressing his left forearm on his throat. He stared into his brothers eyes, furrowing his brow and penetrated his brothers mind. 
He scanned, wondering how he could have known, Yes, I did take your precious Telenian! I relieved you of your command. 
You had no right to do that! Jhahnahkan shouted back.
Jhovahkan pressed him even harder against the wall, squeezing his airway even more, You are going to be admitted to the council. You will learn the councils ways. To do that, you need to be here, and not out gallivanting about the galaxy!
Jhahnahkans face started to turn red, his eyes bulging. He started to become weak, struggling for air. 
Tamika rushed to her brothers, taking her crystal out of her cloak and commanding a shield to be placed between them. The green sparkling force separated the two and sent Jhovahkan sprawling to the ground. 
Stop it! she shouted. Just stop it before you kill each other, she commanded them, holding her crystal before her. She kept the green shield up that separated the two brothers.
Qiaoshan stood over his older son, who was now on the ground, Get up, Jhovahkan! You will not make this banquet a spectacle, he said in a calming voice. 
Tamika lowered her power crystal and the shield disappeared. She replaced her crystal back inside her cloak and came to Jhahnahkans side.
 Are you okay, my brother? she asked with a concerned voice.
Yes, I think so, Jhahnahkan said, gasping for air. 
He turned and looked at his father and asked, Did you know?
No, this action was not sanctioned by the high command, Qiaoshan said with dismay, Jhovahkan, you need to explain your actions.
I do not need to let the high council know of my every command decision. After all, I am the fleet commander!
The Telenian has been under my command for over twenty years. My crew is very loyal to me, Jhahnahkan said, looking at his father as if to gain his permission to keep his command.
My sons, Qiaoshan began, you both have had your differences throughout the years. You will never settle this dispute with lies and deceit. I would agree that Jhovahkan is in command of the flagship. However, removing your brother by force is not honorable. There are wise motivations behind the removal of Jhahnahkan, at least for the time while he trains and learns the ways of the council.
But, Father! Jhahnahkan exclaimed.
Qiaoshan stopped him from finishing, My decision is final! You will be admitted to the council and relinquish your commandfor a time.
Wait, Jhovahkan chimed in, we could have a contest.
You are on! Jhahnahkan said, stepping toward his brother, not letting his father answer before he did. I challenge you to Banttuuk. If you win, you keep the Telenian. If I win, then I resume my command, join the council, and you will step down as fleet commander.
Jhovahkan stroked his chin, thinking the proposal over, Those are very high stakes, my brother, he said with a smile. We will hold the contest at sunrise, before the ceremony. Jhovahkan said this with a laugh as he placed his hands on his hips, You will not win, my brother. You are a fool. You just lost her forever.
Qiaoshan stepped between his two sons and placed his arms around their necks, My sons, that is enough for today, he said with a calming voice. The other guests are arriving. Come and sit at the table for a great feast. This is a time of celebration, not to be at each others throats.
Your father is right, Ghaia said entering the banquet hall. My husband is a very wise man, she said, while turning to Qiaoshan. She stretched out her arm in the direction of the table, directing the party to take their places.
Ghaia was dressed in a long purple flowing robe that was laced with gold trim that flowed down and draped the floor behind her as she walked. Her collar rose up in a half-moon shape, which proceeded up and over across the back of her head. Her long black hair was wrapped up on the top and fixed in place with a golden tiara that was dressed with many different jewels. Her robe was tied at the waist with a bronze colored sash that fell to her left side and ended with tassels. 
Walking over to the head of the banquet table, she stood with her arms stretched out and her palms up in the direction of each side of the table. She continued to stand, as if a statue waiting for all the guests to find their places.
Ghaia raised her voice and said proudly, Welcome welcome council members... Welcome, family that is near and that is from afar. Welcome, extended relatives from the house of S, tribe of the north and of the tribe from the south. Welcome, valued friends and countrymen. she paused briefly and then continued, I welcome you all to this special occasion: the return of our son from a very long deployment in the outer rim. Come and join us in congratulating him for being chosen to join the high council. It is with great pleasure and my honor that we present to you Jhahnahkan, son of Qiaoshan, of the house of S of the tribe to the south! Ghaia lowered her arms to her side and said, Please be seated.
Everyone standing at the table all sat in their padded chairs as the house staff began to serve the guests. 
Jhahnahkan sat at his mothers right side while Jhovahkan sat across the table and stared at his brother with a sneer. Tamika sat next to her brother Jhovahkan while her mother, Luanren, sat next to Jhahnahkan. Qiaoshan sat at the opposite end of the table from Ghaia, and the guests filled in the remaining seats. 
Tell me, my son, what did you find during your travels?  I am sure we all want to hear about your many adventures.
Jhovahkan interrupted his brother as he began to speak, I am not so sure everyone wants to hear about my brother and his rather boring escapades. I know I would be put to sleep, like a lullaby. He yawned and motioned with his hand up to his mouth.
Ghaia swatted at Jhovahkans arm, You watch your tongue! she said sternly, You will not make this celebration a mockery. Now, Jhahnahkan, I believe you were about to say something.
Jhahnahkan looked at his brother with a smirk on his face, I did find some very interesting facts about various planets that are located in our outer rim. Planets that we have not been in contact with for over a millennia. There are many tribes that have been oppressed by the Zelinite. Some have been overtaken and have become enslaved by our enemy to mine resources to help support the Zelinite war effort. They came across these people during the Zelinite migration into our system and set up encampments on their worlds. Our enemy has moved very close to our own star, but they depend on the resources that are being mined from other worlds they enslaved. I have negotiated with two of these worlds, and they have entered into a pact with us and have vowed to fight with us to remove the Zelinite threat. Some were too oppressed and afraid. They will not help openly, but they will slow in their productions. I feel that when the time is right, they too will join us.
Jhovahkan interrupted once again, You dared to negotiate a treaty by yourself without the advice of the council? That is an invalid contract!
Tamika chimed in, Jhovahkan, I fail to see the problem with this. I am sure the council would have accepted these treaties openly.
Especially if these accords are put into place to help us win a victory over our Zelinite enemy, Luanren added.
There was one more thing, Jhahnahkan continued. There was one planet that we encountered. This system was the farthest out, near the last ring of our galaxy. The people there were very interesting in what they had to say about us. It seems that they knew of our Touulug system, and even more, they knew about Ackturra. They told me of a legend that we Ackturrians came from another galaxy long ago, from a galaxy called the Milky Way. There is a star in that galaxy called Sol and that there was a great society on the fourth planet in that system. I do not remember what they were called, but what the legend says is that their planet was destroyed by a great war. They migrated to the third planet, once called Terra Firma. These people, knowing that they would never find a resolution to their many differences, the Terrans voted to split. One side would remain on the third planet while the other would migrate to another galaxy to live. Both sides agreed that this would be the best solution so they would never destroy themselves again. Along their way, they encountered this world and set up colonies. Some stayed and some moved on until they reached the Touulug system and finally settled on Ackturra.
I take it back, my brother. Jhovahkan snickered, That is a very entertaining story, he said as he wiped his mouth with his napkin. I must say, you may have been stricken with space delirium or maybe too much whiskey.
Luanren stopped Jhovahkan by reaching over and placing her hand on his arm, No, wait, she said, looking at Jhahnahkan. Please continue. This is most interesting. There are ancient scrolls of long ago that do talk about such a place and a warning of not repeating the same fate. The scrolls have been long hidden in the Crystal Caverns, archived and sealed until the appropriate time when they will be needed.
These scrolls have not been spoken of for over a thousand years, Ghaia said. You could not have known about these. If what you are saying is a truth, you may have found our ancient ancestors.
What else did they tell you? Tamika asked.
 Jhahnahkan continued speaking between bites of food, You see, they also told me that there were many hidden things that we all have forgotten, things they said they cannot tell me. They said we must discover them ourselves. Once we have, we can return to our ancestor roots and join our brothers and sisters and finally live in peace. 
Qiaoshan stood up from the end of the table and looked at his son, Jhahnahkan, you have been told more. You must tell us what these people have said. What did they teach you?
Father, Jhahnahkan said, they did tell me of secrets, but I did not fully understand. They told me it would come to me in time and swore me to keep the secret to myself. I did not even tell my most trusted crew members of my time with them. 
Qiaoshan placed his hands together, touching his spread fingers in front of him close to his chest. He slowly walked across the room and stood behind his son. The room quieted with an eerie silence as Qiaoshan rested his fingertips on the sides of Jhahnahkans head and closed his eyes. 
The two fell into a trancelike state as Qiaoshan began to probe his sons mind, searching for the deep hidden secrets. Jhahnahkan noticed that the stillness of the room was more than it appeared as everyone else seemed to be frozen in time, or as if time itself had slowed. He resisted his fathers mind probe and concentrated on blocking the memory from being exposed.
My son, Qiaoshan projected with his mind, do not resist me. You must tell me your hidden secrets. You will not resist me. Release to me your thoughts, he continued to probe his sons mind without any success.
My father, you will not find the hidden answers that you seek. I will not let my word be broken. I will fight your mind probe.
Jhahnahkan concentrated on struggling against his father, as Qiaoshan continued to break the mind lock. The power from the two grew so strong that Qiaoshan was thrown back in a blast of power not even he had seen from anyone before. The mind link broke with a crackling sound as if an electrical discharge had occurred. Then the room returned to normal. 
My son, Qiaoshan spoke, you have blocked my mind probe with such a strong power. You do not possess a power crystal, yet you are able to resist me.
Father, I will not speak of this again until the time that has been given. The mind block that is in place was one of the secrets they taught me. They have given me this knowledge, and I have sealed it, and I vowed to keep the mystery. I do not fully understand all of these secrets. This is why they helped me to place this block on my mind: to protect these ancient mysteries from being revealed until the time is right.
Ghaia stood and began to speak, Qiaoshan, do not make your son break his word. His honor is at stake, and I would not think you would want your son dishonored. His integrity is needed on the council, She said, looked over at her other son, We have been lacking this as of late.
Jhovahkan stared back at his mother, My brother has come here to dishonor me then. He wishes to make me look bad. I will not stand for this! he exclaimed. I will continue to oppose his appointment to the council.
Luanren stood looking at Jhovahkan, You do not need anyone to help you look bad. You have done that yourself. Your desire for more power has begun to corrupt you. You must restore your own honor by yielding to the rest of the councils decision to admit your brother.
You cannot make me yield! Jhovahkan said with an evil-looking grin. I am the rightful heir to lead the council.
Not while I am still alive! Qiaoshan said with a harsh voice.
Turn the council over to me!  I will have the resolve to win this war with the Zelinites. You have failed to lead us down the path of victory.
Enough! Ghaia shouted as she interrupted the squabble, This will not get us anywhere. There will be no more discussion on this tonight.
Your mother is right, Tamika said with the voice of reason, We should put aside our differences and get back to the celebration that we all came here for. My brother is going to be appointed to the council tomorrow. He will seek out his power crystal in the ritual of Ackraamon. I am very proud of you, Jhahnahkan. You have returned from your journey and brought back hope to us of winning this war.
This is not over yet, Jhovahkan said, staring at his brother. I will fight you tomorrow, and you will lose.
Jhovahkan stood and turned to his brother before walking out, I look forward to seeing you in the morrow, when I shall defeat you. You will not be admitted to the council if I have anything to do with it.
Tamika looked at Jhahnahkan, Do not do it, my brother. Do not fight him. He will kill you if he has the chance.
Do not worry, my sister. He will not defeat me at Banttuuk. I have been gone a very long time, and I have had much time to train in the art. My brother has a surprise in store.
I will be standing at your side, Tamika said with a sorrowful voice. I hope you are right. He is very powerful and is a champion Banttuuk fighter.
Yes, I am aware of his talent. I know what you are thinking, and I do not want you to interfere. You must not use your crystal to protect me. I will win the fight on my own.
Tamika, Qiaoshan said, I know you desire to help your brother, but he is right. You must not help him. He must win the fight on his own accord in order to gain Jhovahkans respect on the council.
I give you my word, Tamika said reluctantly. I will not interfere. She turned to Jhahnahkan and gave him a hug. Goodnight, my brother. Go now, rest, for tomorrow will come quickly.

* * *

Chapter 3  Banttuuk

Palace Compound
Jhahnahkan spent the entire night restless. He tossed and turned. His body was wet with sweat. It was very early morning when he began to see a dream, but it was more like a vision. He found himself standing at the center of a circular room fully adorned with ancestral figurines of times long ago. The ceiling was open to the sky, and he could smell the scent of flowers in the air. It seemed as though he could hear the enchanting sound of a nearby stream caused by the water rushing over rocks of the riverbed.
The red sky glistened with electricity, and you could hear the sound of crackling as the atmosphere discharged across the air and resonated in the background. 
In his vision, he saw the other council members standing in their assigned places. His father, Qiaoshan, stood before him, holding his clear power crystal. The crystal-white sheen that enveloped them gave him the feeling of well-being. Then all at once he felt as if he was being carried away through a vortex as the vision changed from a serene setting to one of incipient dread. Jhahnahkan heard as if there was a distant voice echoing in his head over and over, whispering to him, Do not resist the crystal. It will make you powerful!  He tried to fight the pulling force by grabbing at the surrounding air as if he could swim in the strong current of energy, but the pull was too powerful. The force pulled him violently further away. He could feel the presence of someone being with him in the vortex, but he could not see who it was. 
Jhahnahkan awoke with a start and raised straight up, panting and covered in sweat. He tried to swallow, but his mouth was too dry. He got up and went over to the basin in his room, turned on the cold water, and put his head under the stream. 
Taking a long drink and then soaking his head, finally quenched his panic.
The computer in his room came to life with a beeping sound, Good morning, sir. How was your night? the computer inquired. 
Restless.
I am sorry, sir. Maybe a good hot cup of java would be in order. 
Yes, thank you. Java dark, strong, and hot.
 The computer began brewing his order and shortly dispensed the drink into a cup.
Is there anything else I can do for you this morning, sir?
Yes, you can put a shot of whisky in that as well.
The computer moved a dispenser arm over to the cup and promptly added the request into the cup, There you are, sir, just as you orderedplease enjoy.
Jhahnahkan took the cup and blew on it before he sipped the drink. He set it on the table to cool and walked over to the balcony and opened the double doors. The fresh air soothed his mind as he began to wake up and realize that it was morning.
Computer, what is the current time?
The time is 5:45 a.m., sir. You have an appointment at the Banttuuk arena in fifteen minutes.
Being aware that he was going to be late, he began to dress himself, Computer, why did you not wake me an hour ago?
Sir, I am sorry that you did not wake up. I did try to wake you, but you did not respond. I reset the wake-up call for every fifteen minuets and then you finally awoke just a few moments before the next alert.
Computer, reset clock for aggressive wake-up mode, he ordered just before running out the door.
Jhahnahkan arrived at the Banttuuk arena just moments before the match was about to begin. 
Tamika rushed over to him and helped him put on his armor and helmet, Brother, where have you been?  You should have been here and prepared thirty minutes ago
My computer was set for passive wake-up mode. I got here as fast as I could, but do not worry. I am ready, he said confidently.
As he was being helped with his body armor, he looked over and saw Jhovahkan. He was already standing at the entrance to the theater, holding his weapon, grinning at him with an evil sneer. He could hear him laugh in his mind.
The armor covered the players arms from their wrists to their shoulders. A Padded chest plate went down from the shoulders and wrapped around the waist and was tied together at the back. 
Leggings were worn to and protect them from their hips to their ankles. A helmet was placed on their head and wrapped around the chin. The face and mouth of the helmet was open, allowing the player to see and taunt their opponent. 
The contestants wore gloves to protect their hands, and the Banttuuk staff of six feet in length was held as a weapon. On one end of the staff was a hooked blade, and the opposite end was made blunt, which had many uses during a match. 
The two fighters were either colored red or blue. The Banttuuk arena was a huge circle within a circle. The inner circle was ten feet in diameter and colored blue. The outer circle was twenty feet in diameter and was of the color red. The outer circle was divided into four sections where the challenger had to remain. Just outside the smaller circle, evenly spaced around the perimeter, were four smaller discs, each one foot in diameter. These discs, at the start of the game, are blue, the color of the defender. Players must not contact the colored areas opposite their own, with the exception of the color discs. The object of the game is for the challenger to turn each of the smaller discs red by touching them, while the defender can change them back to blue. During the battle, there are few rules; the player can use their staff in any fashion to gain control over their opponent in the arena. The challenger has fifteen minutes to change the small discs all to red, which will cause the match to end and the challenger wins. If all the discs are not changed to red after the allotted time, the defender wins. If any player comes in contact with the opposite colored space, a penalty is dealt, which turns one of the discs in favor of the opponent. 
Jhahnahkan stood at the entrance of the Banttuuk arena opposite of his brother. Both stood ready, their staffs held out in front of them horizontally. They stared at each other in the eye, waiting for their father to sound the gong. 
Qiaoshan, who was standing at the front of the arena on a platform, was overseeing the competition. 
Jhahnahkan looked around the arena plotting his strategy, while his brother made no moves. His eyes stayed fixed on his brother. The crowd that was seated in the observation seats waited impatiently. Some cheered for Jhahnahkan, while others cheered for Jhovahkan.
Fellow Ackturrians, Qiaoshan began, welcome to the Banttuuk challenge. Today we have Jhahnahkan, youngest son of the house of S, who comes before us today as the challenger.
The crowd became elated and clapped and cheered at the announcement. 
The defender of the Banttuuk arena is Jhovahkan, oldest brother of the house of S. 
The crowd went even louder with his announcement of the defender.
There is much at stake today with this challenge. Jhahnahkan has been removed from his command with the commencement of his appointment to the high council. His brother removed him from his command without the consent of the council and has dishonored his brother. Therefore, the challenge today is to restore his command of his ship, the Telenian, after his instruction is complete and he has fully trained in the ways of the power crystal.
The crowd began to stand and cheered for the challenger, chanting, Jhah-nah-kan, Jhah-nah-kan, Jhah-nah-kan, Jhah-nah-kan.
The stakes for the defender, should he lose, shall turn over his appointment of fleet commander to his brother and thereby restoring his honor with the council.
The crowd went even wilder and began to chant, J-hovah-kan, J-hovah-kan, J-hovah-kan. 
Using a short breathy beat, they chanted faster and faster, causing the crowd to go into frenzy. J-ovah-kan, J-hovah-kan, J-hovah-kan, J-hovah-kan.
 Defender, take your place in the center circle.
Jhovahkan moved from the entrance of the arena. As he walked, he turned to the crowd and lifted his arms, holding his staff over his head as if he was already the winner, and caused the crowd to go even wilder. 
Challenger! Qiaoshan commanded, move to a red area of your choice to begin.
Jhahnahkan moved to the closest red section and faced his opponent, knees slightly bent. He held his staff out in front, ready for action. 
It is written, so shall it be done! Qiaoshan shouted as he swung and struck the gong, signaling the start of the competition.
Immediately, Jhovahkan swung his staff at his brother. Jhahnahkan also swung his staff and blocked the hit, which made a loud clack as he pushed off. The two staffs connected several more times. Jhahnahkan started to make his way over to the closest disc. He swung and counterattacked his brothers every move as if he already knew which way he was going to swing.
My brother, Jhovahkan said with a panting voice, your game has improved. You are stronger than I gave you credit for.
I warned you, my brother, Jhahnahkan panted. You should not have underestimated me. I have had a long time to practice Banttuuk. 
Not to worry my dear brother, you will not win.
Jhahnahkan successfully changed the first disc red. He twirled his staff, and with one mighty blow with the blunt end of the staff, he struck his brother in his midsection.
 Jhovahkan fell backward and onto his back surprised. The fall took his breath away, which gave Jhahnahkan time to run over to the second disc to turn it red. 
Jhovahkan flipped back to his feet and rushed over to his brother, swinging his blade end of the staff. 
Jhahnahkan leaped into the air just high enough so the blade just missed his feet. He spun in the air and came down, tossing his staff in the air over his brothers head. The staff twirled toward the center of the inner circle, and as if Jhahnahkan moved in slow motion, he leaped in the air over his brothers head. Grabbing his staff, he aimed the blunt end of the staff in the center of the ring. As the staff landed, he pole-vaulted across the room, landing on the disc on the opposite side of the arena, promptly changing that disk to his side. 
The crowd all came to their feet and cheered for Jhahnahkan as they clapped vigorously. 
Jhovahkan growled as he ran to his brother again and took another swing, causing their two staffs to clash together. 
Back and forth they battled hard, and with only two minutes left on the clock and one disc left to change, Jhahnahkan swung his blade at the end of his brothers staff, cutting its blade off. With the other end of his staff, he hit the blade was falling in mid-air and knocked it out of the arenas playing area. 
With only a few moments left, Jhovahkan began to rush over to one of the discs to turn it back to blue while his brother caught his foot with the curved end of his blade. He tripped and fell to the ground and Jhahnahkan ran to the last disc, and stepped on it seconds before the clock ran out. 
Qiaoshan rang the gong, which sounded the end of the match. The crowd continued to cheer for Jhahnahkan while they all jumped up and down and screamed for the victory of the younger son of Qiaoshan of the house of S.
The challenger has won! Qiaoshan announced, The Banttuuk is final, Jhahnahkan will have his ship returned to him once he has completed his training. Jhovahkan will relinquish his fleet command to his brother.
Jhovahkan picked himself off the ground, took off his helmet and tossed it aside. He peered at his brother, Father, I will not relinquish my fleet command!
Qiaoshan! Ghaia said as she stepped up to the platform, The high priestess of the council will address this assembly.
Very well, Ghaia, my wife and high priestess of the council.You shall have your say, 
Brothers of S face me, Ghaia commanded.
The two brothers came together in the center of the arena. They stood at each others side, waiting for what their mother would say to them. 
This is a grave time for Ackturra, Ghaia began, stretching her left hand in front of her, Hear me, this is not the time for a change in command over our fleet. The Zelinite threat grows day by day. They approach our planet, closing in and tightening their grip on our survival. Changing fleet command at this juncture will spell imminent defeat. Jhovahkan has led the fight and has kept them at bay. Even though the contest was won by Jhahnahkan of the house of S, he will not take command. However, he will be given his ship, the Telenian. This will restore the honor taken from him unjustly and without council authority.
I am the fleet commander. I will place anyone I please on any of the ships I command, Jhovahkan argued.
Silence, Ghaia shouted as she interrupted her son. There will be no discussion in this matter. Jhovahkan will remain fleet commander, and Jhahnahkan will have his ship returned. That is our final decision. It is written, so shall it be done! 
I will not let you have her back, Jhahnahkan. You will have to fight me to the death before I give her up to you, Jhovahkan said, turning to his brother.
The high priestess has spoken. You will have no choice in this matter. Return my command at once! Restore your honor, Jhahnahkan said, maintaining composure.
Never! Jhovahkan sneered, I will not return your ship. I would rather stay dishonored than to give her back to you. 
Then you shall remain dishonored, my son, Qiaoshan said. You will be giving up your right to lead this council when the time comes. Your brother will become leader as long as you remain in dishonor. 
We shall see about that, my Father!
I still beat you I have become the better Banttuuk player, Jhahnahkan said, jabbing words at his brothers back.
The council will assemble in one hour to begin the ceremony of Ackraamon, the joining with the power crystal and admission to the high council, Qiaoshan said. Jhahnahkan will then be sent up into the Crystal Mountains to seek out his power crystal.
Qiaoshan adjourned the arena assembly as he struck the gong in three successions. 
Tamika rushed over to her brother and gave him a big squeeze, I knew you could do it. I knew you would beat him at Banttuuk.
Thank you, my sister. However, I still have not won the respect of my brother. He still chooses to dishonor me rather than return the Telenian back to my command.
They turned and began to walk with arms locked, out of the Banttuuk arena.

* * *
Ackraamon
Jhahnahkan, outfitted in full military dress, stood at the council chamber entrance. He stood proud with his hands on his hips, his legs slightly spaced, and his head held high. His cloak flowed down from around his shoulders all the way to the ground. 
The council chamber that he stood at before was not a room in the normal sense but an open-air circular platform. 
On the four sides of the platform, there were fifteen-foot-tall stone pillars forming entryways. On the top of each pillar were stone archways laced with gold and silver. These archways all joined the pillars around the chamber that rested on the platform. Each archway was decorated with rich green-colored ivy. 
Inside the chamber, each member had their place. Qiaoshan stood at the head, Ghaia on the left, and his oldest son, Jhovahkan, on his right. Tamika stood next to her mother, Luanren. 
In addition to Jhahnahkans family, the remaining council members were also present at the chamber.
 His father, Qiaoshan, was standing at the center, facing him. He was outfitted in his full council dress and wore a white cloak that surrounded his red military garments. 
Upon his head, he wore the high council golden crown laced with every colored power crystal, which were illuminated by a shimmering glow of power all around the room. 
Each council member stood forming a circle around the platform, leaving one open spot for Jhahnahkan to join. He continued to stand at the entrance, taking in the moment. The moment he waited all his life for, Ackraamon, an Ackturrian ritual for when a council member sought their power crystal. 
He listened to the crisp, cold water flow down a waterfall in the distance. The river, being fed by the waterfall, surrounded the council chamber and bubbled as it flowed. Minstrel plants that grew wild in the area joined the ensemble. Their song of shimmering harmonics gave a sense of harmony and peacefulness to those that would stop and listen.
Qiaoshan held his clear power crystal in the palm of both hands and stretched them in front of him. Each council member, also holding their crystals, aimed them at Qiaoshans crystal. Their eyes were all closed as they began to concentrate their focus on each of their own power crystals. 
My son, Qiaoshan began, you have proven yourself worthy. You sacrificed the last twenty years to take this journey and have returned to honor me and this council today.
Jhovahkan opened his eyes slightly and looked over at his brother. Making eye contact, he gave him an approving nod, and then peered over at his father. 
Jhahnahkan smiled slightly and acknowledged his brother with a returning nod. Tamika smiled proudly at her brothers, content that it seemed they had put aside their differences for the moment.
Qiaoshan continued, The critical intelligence and relationships you formed on your quest will help to forge ahead a new era in securing our victory over our enemy. Pausing for a moment, he continued. My son, your seat on this council has been confirmed by a majority vote. Now you must enter the caverns to seek out your power crystal. You will know when you have found it, or more like, you will know when it finds you. We will send you there with our power crystals as we focus on the sacred location. The exact spot will be determined by the location of your crystal that is seeking you. Once there, you must search the cavern and follow your instincts. You shall not return to the council until you have secured your power crystal.
Qiaoshan raised his arms over his head and muttered the words Naeg Mos Magniglieo. 
The other council members crystals began to glow, each with their own color. Each of thier crystals began to shine a beam of power at Qiaoshans crystal, and then from his crystal, a powerful white light began to emit in front of Qiaoshan.
The sound of rushing wind accompanied a vortex that started to open in the center of the chamber, and the glowing phenomenon opened to form an image of the Crystal Caverns. 
Jhahnahkan, Qiaoshan commanded, step forward. Enter the vortex. You will be transported to the Crystal Caverns. Search for your crystal. They will make you powerful, very powerful! Go now! 
With his fathers words ringing in his ears and with an unquenchable desire to enter the cavern, Jhahnahkan stepped up onto the council platform and walked, seemingly like slow motion, toward the vortex. He stepped into the spinning force, and the world around him began to fade. Then the image of the caverns illuminated and became his reality. 
After stepping through, he felt as if he passed a great distance but did not move. Jhahnahkan exited the powerful force, and it immediately vanished. 
He was left by himself in a large cavern that was illuminated by the crystals that glowed with shimmering light.
Jhahnahkan heard what seemed to be faint voices echoing in his mind. As he concentrated on what the voices were saying to him, he began to make his way over rocks and stones of the cold and damp cave. Broken shards of crystals were all around the ground, but they did not yield any glow of power. 
With each step he took, the remains of crystal fragments crushed beneath his feet, making a crunching sound that echoed in the large cavern.
He thought to himself, I must be fairly close since my father had said I would be transported near my power crystal. 
Stopping for a moment, he thought he heard the sound of another person walking. 
He called out, Hello?  Is there anyone there? waiting, and expecting an answer, he began to hear one voice in his mind stand out from the others. 
He continued to move closer to the source of the voice and thought, If you are my power crystal, guide me to you.
Danger, he heard in his mind, just barely able to make out the word. Danger, it said again in a whispered voice. Danger... Beware
Jhahnahkan stopped once more and pressed his first first two fingers of each hand on the sides of his temples, fixing on the voice. 
He thought, What danger is there? What are you trying to tell me? 
In his mind, he could start to see an image of a blue crystal bed just ahead of him. He continued to center on this image in an attempt to understand this strange message.
You must be wary, Jhahnahkan, he heard once again in his mind.
He worked his way up on top of a slight ledge in front of him. From there, he could see a blue glow that emanated from just over the next rise about ten yards ahead. 
Yes, you see me now. Come closer. Feel my power, Jhahnahkan. I am your power crystal, the voice spoke softly, and drawing out every word as it was projected to Jhahnahkans mind.
He made his way quickly to the next rise, climbing over large stones covered in green and blue moss, nearly slipping and falling to the ground. 
He stopped himself short with his hands and knees and continued to crawl over the ledge. As he came near to the top, he heard the crunching footsteps once more and stopped to listen. He pulled himself up to the top of the rise and carefully stood and looked around.
In the distance, he saw what appeared to be a very old woman standing in the shadows, watching him. 
He could not make her out clearly in the darkness of the cavern, but she was wearing old tattered clothes and holding a crooked wooden cane. 
Distracted by the old womans presence, he turned from the power crystal that had been calling to him and called out to her, You there!  Who are you?
Jhahnahkan started to make his way toward the old woman and called out again, How did you get here?
The old woman slowly raised her cane and pointed it at Jhahnahkan. The woman muttered something that he could not understand because he was just out of earshot. He concentrated and tried to communicate with the woman with his mind, but she lowered her cane, turned, and slowly moved out into the darkness of the cavern. 
Wait, Jhahnahkan shouted as he tried to reach her before she disappeared. 
The woman stopped and turned once more and looked deep into his eyes. Jhahnahkan froze in his tracks, startled by the womans actions. 
The old woman spoke to him with her mind, Find the sacred chest deep in the cavern. You must learn the secret within the scroll. Do not claim your power crystal.
Tell me who you are, Jhahnahkan projected with his mind.
You must find the secret scroll. Do not take your crystal or you shall die, the old woman replied. 
Jhahnahkan continued to make his way through the rough terrain of the cavern, but the old woman vanished with a flash of blinding light.
Forgetting about his power crystal, he began searching where the old woman stood. 
He fought the power of the crystals voice in his mind, which beckoned him to return and claim his possession. He reached the spot where the old woman had been standing. Jhahnahkan looked down and saw an arrow on the ground that appeared to have been drawn by the old womans cane. 
He thought for a few moments, wondering who she was and how she got there and, even more strangely, how she left.
The blue power crystal began to speak to him again, No, dont listen. Danger awaits you if you follow that path. You must take your crystal. Come back.
Jhahnahkan fought and resisted the powerful and unnatural draw of going back, No, I must find out what she was telling me. I must seek the ancient scroll she told me to find.  
He started down the path that was pointed by the arrow on the ground. The farther away he traveled from his chosen power crystal, the weaker it pulled him and the less he heard the voice drawing him to claim it.
He continued to venture into the dark recesses of the cavern. Unable to see, he felt that he was going in the right direction. The path almost lit up beneath his feet as he walked. 
Jhahnahkan eventually came to a small fissure in the wall. The crack was not quite big enough for him to pass through. He raised his hands and put them on either side of the crack and began to think about moving the opening wider. The ground beneath him started to quake, and the sound of rocks rumbled. He stared at the fissure in the wall as it began to enlarge. He almost could not believe his own eyes. How could I possess this kind of power, he thought. 
He lowered his hands, and the opening stopped moving, and he saw that it was just wide enough for him to pass through. Turning sideways, he started to make his way between the rocks squeezing himself through the opening. 
Jhahnahkan came to a stop about halfway to the other side when the crack before him closed with a sudden rumble. 
He looked back and saw that the crack behind him was also closing down. Nearly in a panic of not wanting to be crushed, he cried out. All at once the ground beneath his feet gave way, causing him to fall through a hole.
He slid on his back, feet first, screaming as he continued down. The rocks soon turned smooth beneath him, giving way to a round, man-made tube. He raised his head slightly to see where he was headed and saw the bottom of the slide. A door opened, and he was quickly deposited into a small round room. The door closed as he went through, sealing him inside the small room.
Jhahnahkan got up from the floor and stood as high as he could, slightly hunched over to fit inside the room. The small room had smooth walls and was illuminated by four large clear glowing crystals mounted on poles that were placed around the room. As if by instinct, Jhahnahkan kneeled by the center of the floor and wiped the dust with his hand, exposing what appeared to be a square before him. He pressed his hands on each side of the square, and the floor began to light up and glow. He removed his hands with a start, and the glow stopped. He thought for a moment, wondering what he had found, and resolved in his mind that he must be close to finding the secret scroll the old woman had told him about. 
He pressed once again on the square that was before him on the floor. Jhahnahkan felt the warmth of the glow on his hands as the square began to lower a few inches and separated in two halves and slowly slid apart. Taking his hands away from the sliding recess revealed a box that was now rising to the level of the floor and made a grinding sound, as if two cinder blocks were rubbing together. Once the box rose to the top of the floor, it stopped, and the glow once again died out. 
Jhahnahkan examined the box and, with his hands, felt around all the sides and edges, looking for a way to open the chest, but nothing was revealed. Remembering the words of the old woman, he focused on the chest with his mind. Seeing the image of the old woman in his thoughts, he began to try and ask her a question. I am here, He thought to himself. How do I open the chest?
He started to see a vision in his mind and pictured the chest open. He could see himself looking into the box and seeing the contents. While he was focusing on the images in his mind, he laid his hands on the two front corners of the box. Pressing in toward the middle, the two corners gave a snap and depressed with a whoosh of air being released, revealing a portion of the front that could be slid to the left.
Jhahnahkan proceeded to slide the front panel, and when it came to a stop, he heard another click and reveled yet another slide on the front of the chest that could now be slid to the right, which he did. After finding three more slides on the front panel, the lid of the chest unlocked and burst open slightly.
Jhahnahkan lifted the lid of the chest open and let it rest back on its hinges. A dim light was emanating from the chest, and as he peered inside, he beheld a cloth that had something wrapped up inside. 
He reached inside the box and lifted the artifact from its ancient resting place and closed the lid on the chest. Setting the object on the top of the chest, he began to open the cloth. The material was made of the finest pure silk and was glistening white with silver and gold lace sewn all around the edges, making the fabric appear that it was made very carefully and meticulously. With each of the four corners of the cloth being lifted out from the center, the object that was inside was revealed as a long carved wooden scroll.
Jhahnahkan carefully unrolled the parchment and read what was inside. 

I write this scroll in hopes that one day the truth will be told about the secret of the focus crystals and a way to correct the wrong that has been done will be discovered. This document, hidden from the rest, is intended to protect the truth. It is my hope that only the chosen one that possesses the ability to repair the damage will find these writings.
Many centuries ago, our people, the Ackturrians, settled on this planet after leaving our home world. We left a broken and dying world only to cause more devastation to one another. Both sides agreed to split and go separate ways. One side would stay and the other side would find a new world. There are others that are spread among the nearby stars but wish to remain alone and separated in order to prevent further destruction. Our people found a way to live in peace and harmony, isolated from each of our sects. 
We came to Ackturra, and we felt at home once again and began to colonize and grow in our newfound home world. Not many years after we settled here, our people found a wonderful power source. The focus crystals that were found in these Crystal Caverns held a great source of energy and influence. We found that we could communicate with the crystals telepathically. It became apparent that they were a form of sentient life. The focus crystals allowed our people to gain certain powers, powers of telekinetic abilities, wisdom, knowledge, and our longevity. All they asked for in return was for our people to live harmoniously and to not spoil the world. Each focus crystal would live in a symbiotic relationship with each individual. Life on Ackturra was good.
Several thousand years passed without conflict. Ackturrians thrived in their new home, and with the help of the focus crystals, our people were able to advance technologically without harming the planets ecosystem. 
News traveled to the other star systems and brought others to come and open trade alliances with our people. Most came only to trade with us, and it was profitable. One race came to trade, but what they asked for was not something that we could allow. They were called the Zelinites, and their hearts were unclean with a craving for rule and power. They sought the focus crystal and wanted to use its influence to advance their control over other races. 
At first, they came asking to trade goods for them. When the council refused, they tried to obtain them by force, and a great war began. The war raged for many years, and the focus crystals, with their power, gave us victory over our enemy. The Zelinites were enraged by our refusal to turn over the crystals and had devised a plan to destroy them. They developed a way to infect the crystals and corrupt their power.
Hoping that the Ackturrians would abandon the crystals and give them up to the Zelinites, they delivered a massive payload of toxin to the Crystal Caverns, the home of the focus crystals. Many crystals shattered in the explosion, and the remaining began to change color. All of them twisted into an unclean desire for power and corrupted the possessor. The Zelinites plan backfired, and the crystals unleashed even more power for the possessor, and the war was won over our enemies. The Zelinites retreated back to their home world, but the damage done to the focus crystals had devastating effects. Over time, the crystals began to corrupt the possessor as even the council was not immune to the power crystals new, unclean desires. 
The council, now wanting ultimate power, passed a law in the land. Ackturrians would no longer be allowed to possess a power crystal, and they sealed the entrance to the caverns; only members of the high council were allowed to embrace the crystals. 
There is a way to cure the crystals and return them to the pureness they once were. The answer lies deep within the mind of the chosen one and can only be accessed in another time and place. I must not reveal the answers here; it must be discovered when the time is right.
Locked within this chest is the only remaining pure focus crystal. It has been sealed in a container and must not be opened while inside the cavern. 
This is the only way to prevent the crystal from becoming corrupted. 
I can only hope that the person that is reading this scroll is the chosen one and that he holds the power to heal the focus crystals.
Helen
High Priestess of the Council

Jhahnahkan finished reading the scroll and carefully set it down next to the chest. He thought to himself in disbelief, I knew there was something about the power crystals. I knew it the moment Tamika connected with my mind. But who is this Helen? I dont ever remember hearing about her being on the high council.
He started to hear his fathers voice echo in his mind, and a vortex began to open up before him with a rush of wind, which began to pull at him.
He heard the words of his father, Qiaoshan, Naeg Mos Magniglieo.
Jhahnahkan reached into the box and retrieved the cylinder containing the pure focus crystal just before the vortex pulled him in. An image of the council chamber began to appear within the vortex. 
He saw his father standing, holding his crystal, with the other members of the council focusing their crystals on his. He was able to see his brother, Jhovahkan, staring at his father in an evil way, and he saw that his crystal was no longer pointing at his fathers crystal but at his father. 
Jhahnahkan knew what his brother was going to do. Without even thinking, he broke the seal on the canister and removed the crystal, thinking, If I am to save my father, I must do this.
He began to exit the vortex, and it seemed like everything moved in slow motion. He saw a red beam of power exit his brothers crystal aimed at Qiaoshan. 
Tamika broke her connection and threw her crystal at the red beam. Her crystal connected with the beam, resulting in a huge explosion of power. 
The power crystals lit up with a brilliant light. Jhahnahkan extended the pure crystal out in front of him, and the power of the explosion threw him back into the open vortex as the crystal absorbed the shock wave.
He fell back into the vortex and saw his father being launched backward into the air, his arms and legs flailing in flight. 
Qiaoshan fell onto his back and lay motionless. Luanren began to weep for her lover while Tamika knelt by her dead fathers body and embraced him. 
Jhovahkan walked casually over to where his father had been standing and picked up Qiaoshans crystal from the ground. Ghaia approached her firstborn son and took him by his arms and held them up to the sky as he continued to hold his fathers crystal in one hand and his red crystal in the other.
Behold, she said with a commanding voice, Jhovahkan is now ruler of the high council. Through the death of Qiaoshan, he shall claim his rightful place as firstborn of the house of S. It is written, so shall it be done! 
As Ghaia spoke, Jhovahkan raised his power crystal and touched it to his fathers crystal. A clap of thunder sounded in the heavens above and resonated in the council chamber. The two crystals merged with a brilliant light and became one crystal.
I will be more powerful than my father, Jhovahkan shouted. I will rule this council in the manner it had been meant from the beginning!  The high priestess has spoken, so shall it be done. 
Jhahnahkan watched as he fell backward into the vortex, seeing the council chamber vanish before him. Feeling dread of what he just saw, he remembered the vision he had the night before as this vision started to become reality. He began to swim and pull at the air as he tried to return to the council chamber. He heard thoughts in his head, Power crystal. Do not resist. They will make you powerful. 
He resisted the thoughts in his mind as he held the clear crystal in his hands. He pressed it up to his forehead and started to lose consciousness.
Jhahnahkan was tossed to and fro in the vortex, and then the maelstrom opened. 
He hit the ground, and his head struck a rock. The vortex closed behind him, and all was quiet. 
He lay silent, lifeless, and bleeding on his left temple. 
A cool evening breeze gently blew across him as he lay in a field of tall green grass. 

* * *

Chapter 4  Amnesia

Earth: Year 1983
The sunlight woke Jhahnahkan, and he slowly picked himself up off the dew-covered ground. He was cold, wet, and confused. He reached up to his pounding temple with his hand and drew back blood with his fingers and smeared it between his thumb and first two fingers. 
Jhahnahkan looked around and thought to himself, this place did not seem right. He looked up to the blue sky. Puffy white clouds were all around. He looked to the sun on the horizon and then turned around to see one moon in the sky descending. Where is the second moon? He thought to himself. I think there should be two moons. 
He continued to look around at the ground and wiped his hand across the dew-soaked grass that had grown waist-high. He touched the moisture with his lips and tasted the liquid. 
Jhahnahkans head continued to pound as he began to stumble across the field. His crystal still lay in the tall grass. He had forgotten who he was and where he was from.
He knew he was in a foreign land. Nothing seemed familiar about this place. He continued to make his way across the grassy field and wrapped his cloak around himself to keep his body warm. He continued, holding his head with his other hand, as if trying to help the pounding diminish. 
He traversed the grassy field for nearly a mile before he came to an opening. Jhahnahkan came out into a culvert and climbed the side of a dirt mound. It appeared to be an old dirt road. 
The sun had fully risen, and the heat began to dry his clothes. He looked both ways down the road to see which way was the best to go, but the road stretched out for what looked like miles in either direction. He felt as if he were in the middle of nowhere. He looked back to where he had been, and with the breeze blowing, there was no trace of him being in the field. 
Jhahnahkan began to walk toward the sun, which he assumed was east, that is if this planets orbit was similar to my own world, he thought to himself. That much he knew. He was not from here.
Jhahnahkan walked for what seemed like hours down the road, encountering no one. The heat of the day began to exhaust him, and he needed to find water and shade to rest under. 
His head was still pounding but had diminished slightly. The bleeding had stopped and had dried, crusting on the side of his face. His lips had cracked under the hot sun. He took off his cloak and wrapped it up and tucked it around his waist as he continued on his journey. 
In the distance behind him, he heard the noise of a vehicle approaching. He turned and peered down the road, only to see a cloud of dirt rising in the air. As the vehicle began to get closer, he could see that it appeared to be an old rusted pickup truck chugging its way toward him. 
Nearly exhausted from the heat of the day, his legs buckled, causing him to fall to his knees. His body trembled, his lips cracked, and his tongue was dry from the lack of water. He looked up as the truck slowed and pulled up to his side and came to a stop. 
The truck was a 1953 Ford F-100 and had several dents in the rusted blue-colored body. Behind the wheel was an elderly man who appeared to be in his late seventies. He wore a tattered gray baseball cap, and his face had not been shaved clean for several days, evidenced by the stubble on his face. He wore a dark blue work shirt with the name Rex stenciled on the left side. 
The grizzled old man was missing most of his teeth and sported a wide smile and protruding lower jaw. 
The man reached over and struggled to roll down the passenger side window and then sat looking at Jhahnahkan for a moment. After he finished studying him, he asked, Are ya all right, son?
Jhahnahkan looked up at the man and stared back before answering, Does it look like I am all right?
Where ya headin, boy? the man asked.
I do not know. Guess I am lost, he replied.
Well, the man said, dont just sit there in the hot sun, burning up like a crispy critter. Get in.
Jhahnahkan began to pull himself to his feet as he held on to the truck door. His efforts were in vain, and he fell once again to the ground.
The hunchbacked old man got out of the truck and limped over to the other side of his truck and helped Jhahnahkan to his feet, Ya dont look so good, mister. What happened to ya?  Thats an awful nasty bump on ya noggin, he said with genuine concern. Come on now, lets get ya inta town and have someone look at that.
Rex supported Jhahnahkan with one arm around his neck and the other around his waist. With his free arm, Rex opened up the trucks passenger door, and it creaked and made a popping sound, Dont worry about a thing, mister. Shes a good-running old beast, Rex said with a chuckle. She complains about it, but only a little.
Jhahnahkan made a groan as he was helped into the seat of the truck. 
Rex slammed the door, and it popped open again. He again slammed the door a bit harder, and the truck door closed tight.
Hehe, ol Betsy does have a few kinks in er, he said with a laugh. I wouldnt lean up against that door though. She might decide to just pop on open again.
I will be sure to remember that, Jhahnahkan acknowledged. 
Rex returned to the drivers seat and closed the door, jammed the truck in first gear, and popped the clutch as he stepped on the gas, causing Jhahnahkan to lunge backward in his seat. 
Rex shifted into second, which created the sound of gears being ground in his ears. He shifted into third gear, only this time Rex double-clutched, and the gear grinding was minimized. 
Yep, she is a bit cantankerous, but she hasnt failed me yet, Rex said with a smile. 
He reached under the seat and pulled out a flask, pulled out the cork, and took a swig. He handed the flask over to Jhahnahkan and said, Here, take a snort. Itll make ya feel better.
Jhahnahkan held the flask up to his lips and took a long swig and nearly choked on the taste of the liquid. 
Yep, thats purty strong stuff there, son. Just take it easy at first. I use it strictly for medicinal purposes, ya see, Rex said. Go on, take another.
He raised the flask up to his lips again and swallowed another long swig. Yes, that is taking the pain away now, but this is the strongest whiskey I have had in a long time, he said before taking yet a third drink.
Okay now, Rex said as he snatched the flask from him, dont go drinkin it all fer yourself now. 
Rex took one more sip for himself and corked the bottle and returned it under the seat. Dont want ol Sheriff Matson ta see this now, do we, Rex said smiling. Yer not running from the law, are ya?  Cause I dont want any trouble with the law, ya know. Just mindin my own business, if ya know what I mean.
I do not think so. I cannot remember. 
Whattya mean you cant remember?  Ya must be in some kind of trouble. Looks like someone worked ya over purty good. It wasnt them there Russell boys now, was it?  Cause I sure don want any trouble from them. Theyll kill ya for the fun of it if they wanted ta.
No, I am certain that it was not. I do not think I am from here.
I can see yer not from around here, dressed in those funny clothes and all. Rex said.
What do you mean by funny clothes? Jhahnahkan asked as he looked at himself.
Well, Rex said, people just don go walking around dressed like that, and whats with that cape and those Medals you got pinned on ya? Those don appear like anythin Ive even seen on our military, and whatta ya doin out here in the middle of nowhere town with no vehicle, no water or no food or
Jhahnahkan interrupted Rex, I wish I could give you more information, but I really do not even remember who I am at the moment. 
Its that nasty bump on yer head there. Probably have a concussion, Rex said with a nod. Yer lucky I happened along when I did, ya know. This must be the hottest day of the year so far. Nearly a hundred degrees today, and the ol weatherman says theres no chance for rain anytime soon.
Jhahnahkan interrupted Rex again, Can you answer some questions for me? Maybe that will help me to remember who I am and where I came from?
Well, sure, Ill do my best, Rex offered. Fire away.
I do not have a weapon.
No, no, no, I mean ask me yer questions. You are a strange one, arent ya. Dont even talk normal, Rex said under his breath.
Where am I exactly? Jhahnahkan asked.
Well, Rex began, ya were bout halfway between the town of Rosemont and Phillmore, farming country, ya know.
Before Rex could continue, Jhahnahkan asked, This planet, what do you call it, and what system are you in?
Well, now, son, Rex started, I guess you must have hit your head harder than we first thought.
Jhahnahkan interrupted Rex once more, I am sorry, Rex. This must seem strange to you. Your people must not know about life on other worlds yet. Please bear with me, he paused to gather his thoughts, These questions are important. Please answer them no matter how strange they may seem.
Well, okay, son, Ill play along until we get someone to take a look at ya, Rex said with a worried look on his face. 
Now, Jhahnahkan asked again, what is this planet called?
Earth
Are there two moons or one?
One
Have there always been blue-colored skies?
Yep
What is your star called?
We earthlings call it Sun or Sol or whatever, Rex said in a mocking voice.
What is this rain you speak of? You said the weatherman said that there is no rain in sight?
 Rex interrupted Jhahnahkan this time, losing his patience, Okay, spaceman, thats bout all I can take. Whats this all about anyway? Are you a Martian or something?
A memory sparked in Jhahnahkan, and he started to see a vision of people sitting around a banquet table. He was telling them of a place he was told about but had forgotten the name on his journey. A place that sounded like what Rex had referred to. He held his hands up to his head in pain and cried out, What did you just say? 
Are you a Martian? You know, from Mars, Rex said, only this time he seemed more interested in Jhahnahkans response, Our fourth planet!?
What you just saidabout Martians andand MarsI started to remember something thatthat happened to me not too long ago, Jhahnahkan said with promise in his voice.
I don know who ya are or where ya came from son, but yer really startin to freak me out over here, Rex said with a bit of a quiver in his voice.
I wish I could remember everything. I feel like something happenedor something is going to happen. I do not know. I still cannot remember.
With his hands still up on his head, he stared out in front of the truck going down the dirt road; he pressed his first two fingers on the sides of his temples and focused his attention on Rex. Do you hear me with your mind? Stop the truck, he said with his mind.
Rex turned white and slammed on the brake and depressed the clutch on the truck, and brought her to a skidding stop. His hands tightly gripped the steering wheel, which turned his knuckles white. He slowly turned his head with caution and asked with a quiet voice, What the heck did ya just do? he paused for a moment and then continued, How did ya do that?
I do not know how I can do that, but I just knew that I could. I think there are more things I could do as well once I get my memory back, Jhahnahknan projected with his mind.
Yer makin a believer outta me son, right here, right now, Rex said, getting a big smile on his face. Yesiree that is some pretty wild thing ya got goin on there.
Jhahnahkan stopped and relaxed his concentration and smiled back at Rex, I am not from here, but I think my ancestors did come from here a long time ago. I still do not know how I got here or what it is I am here for, but I do feel an urgency that I need to regain my memory so I can finish what it is I need to do.
Come on, Rex said as he started moving the truck again. I know just the person to take ya to.
I hope you are not talking about the sheriff or the Russell brothers.
Ohhh heavens no! I stay away from them as far as the east is from the west, Rex exclaimed. Im taking ya ta see Kate.
Kate? 
Yep, she is the local bartender in town. She knows this person who might be able to help ya.
Who is this person? Why do you think she can help me? 
Kate says she lives in the desert. Kind of a recluse, keeps ta herself most of the time. Dont come inta town all that much anymore  What was her name? Rex thought out loud, Yeah, the old womans name is Helen... Yeah, thats it, Helen.
Helen? Jhahnahkan exclaimed as he started to have another vision. He started to see himself in a dimly lit room, kneeling in front of an open box, holding something in his hand, and the word standing out on the page in his mind was the name Helen, and then the vision vanished.
Whats the matter, son?  Ya look like ya were remembering something again?
Yes, Jhahnahkan said, That name Helen Ive seen that before. I saw it just for a moment, that name written down on something I was holding, but I do not remember much more than that. It seems too much of a coincidence. 
Just then the dirt road came to an end. Rex stopped at the paved road in front of him and said, Were almost there now. Kates place is just down the road now. 
Rex turned left and headed into the town, passing the sign saying Welcome to Rosemont.
He drove down the road, not paying attention to the posted speed limit of twenty-five, and passed the sheriffs squad car that was parked off to the side of the road. 
The Sheriff pulled out behind Rexs truck and started to flash his emergency lights. 
What is wrong, Rex? Jhahnahkan asked as Rex pulled over on the side of the road.
Dagnabbit, thats the sheriff I told ya bout. Just stay calm and let me do all the talking, Rex said in a nervous voice.
Sheriff Matson got out of his patrol car and walked up to Rexs window. Rex rolled down the window and asked, What seems ta be the problem, Sheriff?
The sheriff peered into the truck, looking at Rex and then over at Jhahnahkan and back over at Rex. He wore a round-brimmed hat and green shirt with his badge proudly showing on his protruding chest. His jaw was square, and his nose sharply pointed. Whos your friend, Rex?
Hes just some stranger I picked up off the side of the road. He had an accident and hurt himself. I was just taking him to Kate, thinking she could fix him up, Rex said with hesitation.
Whats your name, mister? the officer asked.
I do not kno Jhahnahkan started.
Hes had quite a nasty bump on his head. I really should get him Rex began.
The sheriff stopped him short, Youll go when I say you can. Have you been sipping the bottle again, Rex?
Well maybe earlier today but I am sober as can be right now! Rex exclaimed, looking away from the sheriff so he wouldnt smell his breath.
Okay Rex, step out of the vehicle. I need to see if you can pass a sobriety test, Sheriff Matson ordered, And you there mister, you stay put. I dont like strangers coming into my town. 
Rex slowly opened the door and stepped out of his truck, and the sheriff escorted him to the back. 
Jhahnahkan looked back to see the sheriff begin his tests on Rex. Jhahnahkan put his hands up to his temples again and concentrated on the sheriff. 
Before he knew it, Rex came back to the drivers side of his truck and opened up the door and climbed in as the sheriffs squad car sped past them and raced down the road with his siren blaring and lights flashing.
Boy, Rex said with a smile, what luck! The sheriff got a call about those Russell boys causing some trouble with some folks a couple of miles up the road.
You are welcome Rex.
Whattya mean? Oh, I see You did that? 
Jhahnahkan smiled back at Rex, Yes, but we must move soon. He will find out shortly that it was not true. I planted the thought so we could get to Kates place.
Wow, I sure coulda used that trick a couple of weeks ago. Rex laughed. I don suppose ya can show me how ta do that, can ya?
No, I do not think I can.
I thought so, but it was worth askin.
They pulled into a driveway and parked in front of a building that had a red neon sign that read Katies Roadhouse. Rex turned off the truck, pulled the parking brake, and rolled up the windows, as the two got out of the truck.
Are ya okay to walk on ya own son?  Rex asked. 
Yes, I am rested now. I am feeling better now that Sol is setting.  
Thats sun is setting, Rex corrected. Ya better not talk too much. Ya sound like a gosh dang foreigner.
The two approached the building, which was red and had staggered vertical cedar slats running up the sides to the roof. The roof was pitched like an old barn and was covered with green moss. They opened the door to the bar and walked in. 
The bar was filled with many patrons, most of which were regulars. Most everyone had a favorite seat. After all, they considered this their second home; for others, it was the only home they had. 
The music that played in the background was mostly country western. 
Rex took Jhahnahkan by the arm and led him to a couple of empty seats at the bar. As they rested on the barstool, a young woman approached.
She had red hair that was puffed up in front and was shoulder length. Her outfit consisted of blue jeans, cowboy boots, and a red-colored Western-style blouse that was tied in a knot in the front exposing her belly button. The name Glenda was stenciled on a name tag, which was pinned on her right side. She chewed gum and talked at the same time. 
What can I get fer ya boys today? she asked.
Two drafts on tap. Put it on my tab, honey, Rex answered. 
Sure thing sugar, comin right up, she said with a lift.
 Glenda turned and grabbed two schooners and filled them with the house beer, then turned back and placed them in front of the two, So Rex, who is the handsome feller ya brought in with ya?
Hes jus some stranger that was driftin on down the road, looking at Jhahnahkan, and back, Look like he needed a ride, so I stopped and picked him up,
Hmmm, Glenda said as she sized up Jhahnahkan and noticed the dried blood on the side of his face, we dont get too many strangers here in town. Whats your name, sweetie?
Jhahnahkan started to say I do not know.
Rex interrupted him and said in a whisper to Glenda, He took a nasty fall and bumped his head. He cant remember who he is right now.
Ohhhh, she said, returning the whisper.
Were lookin fer Kate. Is she here tonight? Rex asked, continuing to whisper.
She aint here yet. Comes in in a couple of hours, Glenda whispered.
At the other end of the bar, a patron called out, Hey! Can we get some of that service down over here, sweet cheeks?
Ill be right there love, Glenda said returning a smile. Ill be back to check on ya boys later.
Glenda wandered on down to the other end of the bar and began taking orders from the other customers. 
The bar door opened and two very large men walked in. They were dressed in bib overalls and long john shirts with grease marks and holes in their sleeves. The two towered over everyone, pushing over six feet two inches each. By their looks, they were brothers, and even more disturbing, they appeared to be the Russell brothers. 
Tim and Chuck Russell were their names, and everyone in the bar knew to give them a wide berth.
The two walked over to one of the pool tables that was being used by other customers and grabbed the pool cue from them. The players slowly backed away and returned to their table and sat down with their drinks.
The two men racked up the pool table and began to play their own version of pool. Nobody said a word to them and let them take over the bar as if it was owned by them.
Rex, Jhahnahkan asked, why do they let them act that way?
Now don get no funny ideas in yer head. We need to stay as far away from them as we can. Theyre no good and will pick a fight with ya if you just look cross-eyed at em. 
As they listened to the clack of the balls on the pool table, the two big men cased around the bar, looking for anyone or any reason to give trouble to someone.
Turn around and don look their way, Rex said quietly with his back to them.
Why? I do not feel intimidated. I would like to talk to them to find out why they feel it is all right to frighten others.
Rex pulled on Jhahnahkans shirtsleeve to retrieve his new friend from becoming a floor mop.
Tim looked over at a man that sat at a table all alone. He walked over and picked him up by the collar, You you stop starin at us. Whats the matter with ya? Ya stupid or somethin?
The man answered, No, sir  I wasnt looking at you. I was looking past you.
Don lie to me boy, or Ill whoop yer ass! 
Dont hurt me, Tim. I promise Ill not look anymore.
So you were lookin at me, Tim said, drawing him closer to his face by his collar.
No, no, thats not what I meant, the man said now almost in tears.
Tell ya what mister, I promise not to pound ya inta the ground if you buy me all our drinks tonight, Tim said as he pushed the man back down into his chair.
Okay, okay, Ill do it. Ill put all your drinks on my tab, the man said as he quivered in his chair.
Okay, that includes the grill too, Tim added, Just so ya know. 
Laughing, Tim returned to the pool table to take his turn.
Jhahnahkan stood up and wanted to walk over to the two men, but Rex held him back again, Its not worth it. Sit back down before they notice, Rex whispered. 
Jhahnahkan once again sat on the barstool but did not turn from peering at the two brothers.
I do know how to fight, he said to Rex. I can take care of these two bullies. 
I know ya probably could, but they fight dirty.
Not as dirty as my brother fights, Jhahnahkan stopped and thought real hard for a moment, I remember! I remember I have a brother! he exclaimed, But that is all I remember, and that I took him in a fight recently, It is just a blur... 
Take it easy there mister. You dont need to get another blow to yer head, Rex said with a reassuring voice, If yer startin ta remember things, just sit here and relax for a spell while we wait for Katie to get here.
I know you are right, but I do not like to see them acting this way. I will deal with them soon.
The two brothers noticed Jhahnahkan looking their way, Hey! Whatta you lookin at? Chuck yelled across the bar, Didnt ya take notice we don take kindly to bein stared at?
Rex pulled Jhahnahkan close to his mouth, and he whispered, Now ya done it. Were in big trouble now.
Relax Rex, it will be fine, Jhahnahkan motioned with his hand as he got up and walked over to the Russell brothers.
Yeah, you better come over here so we can whoop ya ass all over the floor, Tim said as he set his pool cue down.
Jhahnahkan said no words to them as he approached. 
Whats the matter? Chuck asked. Cats got yer tongue?
Yeah, either that or youre a dang gone mute, Tim laughed.
Tim stood by Chuck with his fists clenched at his side, the other brother slapping the pool cue in the palm of his hand.
Jhahnahkan stood in front of the two and looked at each one in the eye, You should not behave in this manner. You both need to stop what you are doing and start acting like civilized people. 
The two looked at each other and busted out with a big laugh. 
You don know us, do ya? Tim said, still laughing.
Chuck looked over at Tim, But I think hes gonna find out soon.
The music stopped, and the bar quieted. It was so quiet that you could have heard a pin drop. Everyones eyes were on Jhahnahkan as he confronted the Russell brothers. 
Come on, bro, lets take this pip-squeak out back and explain to him who we are, Chuck said with a grin.
This way, friend, Tim said as he led Jhahnahkan by the shirt collar toward the back door.
I knew something bad was gonna happen with them boys, Rex said with fear.
Aint ya gonna help him Rex? Glenda asked.
Heck no, Glenda, he can handle himself, Rex said, looking at his friend being dragged out the back door, Sides, I don need any trouble from them boys. I got enough trouble without them addin to it.
The three entered the back lot of the bar. It was darker since there were no lights. No one followed them out to see how Jhahnahkan would fair. 
He stood between the two brothers. Tim was standing in front while Chuck stood behind still holding the pool cue. 
Now, Tim said, getting closer to Jhahnahkans face, were gonna do the beat-down on ya, Tim continued and got louder, You gonna regret the day you interfered with us. Get ready for the smackdown! 
While Tim finished his words, Chuck had already begun to swing his pool cue at Jhahnahkans back. The pool cue made contact and broke, making a snapping sound sending Jhahnahkan to his knees. Chuck tossed the rest of the pool cue away and picked Jhahnahkan up by his arms, pinning them back and protruding his midsection toward Tim. 
Tims clenched fists pounded Jhahnahkan to the stomach one after the other, causing him to lose his breath. Chuck released his grip and grabbed his neck with his left arm, which seemed like the size of a telephone pole, and began to choke him from behind. Jhahnahkan struggled to break free, and when he could not, something deep down inside of him started to well up. 
His entire body began to get hot, and Chuck couldnt hold him anymore. Jhahnahkan broke free and extended his arms out in front of him, and an almost invisible wave of energy exited him and sent Tim flying backward through the air nearly twenty feet. Tim landed flat on his back. His head struck the pavement, and he lay motionless.
A car pulled into the back lot and parked at the end of the building and someone watched from the drivers seat.
Jhahnahkan turned to face Chuck, and he slowly moved backward in disbelief of what he just saw. The surge of anger began to well up within Jhahnahkan once more. His eyes began to turn yellow green, and he had a hateful look on his face. He extended his left arm out, and another wave of energy issued from him. 
Chuck turned and ran as fast as he could to miss the powerful blow, but was not successful. 
The rush of energy connected with his backside and sent Chuck soaring forward in the air. 
Landing on the ground, he sprawled like a lifeless heap. 
Tim collected himself off the ground and ran over and grabbed the broken pool cue and came after Jhahnahkans backside. He swung the stick and struck the back of his head, sending Jhahnahkan to the ground unconscious. 
The two brothers ran scared, back to their bikes, as fast as their overweight bodies could take them. Firing up their Harleys, they sped off into the night. 
Rex and Glenda heard the two motorcycles race off from inside the bar. They both looked at each other thinking the same thingthat Jhahnahkan was in trouble. They ran out the back door to find Jhahnahkan on his hands and knees attempting to get off the ground. They each took an arm and helped him to his feet and took him back inside the bar to a back room, where they could look at his head wound.
Clearing a table, they laid him down and sat his head on a cushion. Glenda tended his new head wound with gauze bandages from the bars first-aid kit. 
Jhahnahkan drifted in and out of consciousness as he tried to lift himself off the table while Rex attempted to hold him down. 
Easy now son. You took a beaten from them Russell boys,
Just do what he says, Glenda said to Jhahnahkan. I need to dress ya up, and I cant do it with ya movin all around.
Jhahnahkan tried to look around the dimly lit room and only could see shadows as his vision blurred. He could only make out their voices at first.
What happened? Jhahnahkan struggled to say.
Them there Russell boys beat on ya with a pool cue. Ya lucky they didnt kill ya back there.
They probably ran off thinking they had killed ya, Glenda added with a nod.
We should take him to see the doc at the clinic!
No no clinic, Jhahnahkan said under his breath.
Hes right, A woman standing in the doorway said, We shouldnt take him to any clinic.
Both Rex and Glenda looked up and exclaimed, Katie! 
Boy, am I glad to see you, maam, Rex said.
Glenda, go back to the bar and take care of the customers. Ill take care of this, Katie said as she took the gauze wrap from Glenda. 
Kate got close to Jhahnahkan and whispered in his ear, I saw what you did to those boys. I think there is someone I need you to meet.
I knew yad know what ta do, Katie. Hes not from around here. Ive seen some of the things he can do, Rex said looking over at Kate.
Jhahnahkan once again lifted his head. His eyes began to focus. Sitting on the side of the table in front of him was a beautiful woman. She had shoulder-length brunette hair and was slim but with a curvaceous figure. Her eyes were sparkling brown, and her cheeks were rosy red.
Hi, my name is Katie. And whats your name, mister?
* * *

Chapter 5  The New Rule

Ackturra: Year 2983
Jhovahkan lowered his arms, holding his newly formed crystal out in front of him. The crystal continued to emit a reddish-yellow luster. 
He slowly walked over to the body of his father and knelt down. Qiaoshans lifeless body lay still on the floor of the council chamber. Luanren and her daughter, Tamika, both stood together, weeping in each others arms. The rest of the council stood in disbelief, seeing their council leader dead before them.
Jhovahkan reached over and rested his hand on his fathers chest and softly said, I am sorry, my father, but you were not leading our people into victory. I had to do this for the good of Ackturra.  
He then plucked the crown off his fathers head and stood before the rest of the chamber members. He held the crown out in front of him, and his eyes turned the color of his newly formed master crystal. 
Behold, he said with resolve, I, Jhovahkan of the house of S, firstborn of Qiaoshan, hereby exercise my birthright and take my rightful position as council leader through the death of my father.
Ghaia walked over and held the crown with both hands. She slowly walked around the council chamber and stopped in front of each member and then moved on to the next and finally stopped behind her son. 
Raising the crown over her sons head, she said, I, Ghaia, the high priestess of the council, hereby recognize the birthright of Qiaoshans firstborn son, Jhovahkan. The council will now cast their vote of confidence for Jhovahkan for final confirmation as it is accustomed to Ackturrian law. 
One by one each council member answered with their vote of yea. 
When the time came for Luanren, she hung her head low and softly answered yea. 
Tamika stepped forward and peered at her brother. She spoke as she held back her tears, I, Tamika, daughter of Qiaoshan of the house of S, do not agree with this vote, she paused for a moment, collected herself and then continued, However, I will not stand in the way of confirming my brother as leader for the good of the people and the war. I reserve my right for a vote of no confidence when the time is right and my brother Jhahnahkan returns to the council.
The high priestess recognizes Sister Tamikas request and will grant her challenge as she has so stated. Therefore, the high priestess hereby confirms the appointment of Jhovahkan as council leader with a unanimous vote from the council, Ghaia said with a loud voice.
She rested the crown down on Jhovahkans head and continued, I, Ghaia, high priestess of the high council, do hereby name you, Jhovahkan of the house of S, leader of the Ackturrian council.
Ghaia stepped back and walked to her place on the council chamber, looking proudly at her son.
The chamber was quiet as they all stood by and waited for reality to make sense. 
The chamber attendants prepared to carry their fathers body to their home in order to prepare him for the Ackturrian burial ceremony. 
As they carried Qiaoshans limp body out of the chamber, Jhovahkan stood forward and spoke to the council.
My fellow council members, Jhovahkan started as he held out his crystal in the palm of his hands before the council, we have witnessed both great miracles and horrific tragedies. 
His new master crystal began to glow once again with the red and yellowish color, and all of the council members were now focused on his new crystal.
Jhovahkan continued, The tragedy and loss of our leader and my father, Qiaoshan. Truly a sorrowful time and a time we need to make for mourning his loss. We all were witnesses to the deception of my brother when he came back from his journey, secretly wanting to take over the throne and assume leadership of the council. This first came by way of attempting to kill me during our Banttuuk contest. His plan was to eliminate me so I would not be able to oppose his plot. He was not successful in killing me, but did win the contest by cheating the rules, he paused for a moment, and then continued, We all saw my brother as he was returning from the Crystal Caverns. He held a very dangerous weapona power crystal that was not meant for him. His plan was to come through the vortex and kill our father. Then he would have killed me and assumed leadership of the council.  
The council members continued to gaze at the new master crystal and its glow. 
I could not stop his attack on my father. However, I was able to force him back into the vortex and close it off. I am not sure where he went, but I am certain he will not be allowed to return without being punished for this treachery.
 Jhovahkan commanded each of the council members to take their power crystal and hold it out before them as he continued with his mind manipulation.
More importantly, we were witness to a powerful miracle, Jhovahkan continued as each council member held out their power crystal with the exception of Tamika as her power crystal had been destroyed. Instead, she went over and stood by her mother.
The miracle of two power crystals merging to form one master crystal, this is the true meaning of Ackraamon. This event has never taken place in the history of Ackturra. These two crystals were destined to form and become one masterful crystal. My new master crystal will begin to forge a new beginning for the war with our enemies. With my newly found power, we will be able to finally destroy our adversaries. We will defeat our mortal enemies and not by just winning the war but total and final elimination of every Zelinite. We will wipe them out of existence so they will never be a threat to any living civilization. We will then rule the entire galaxy and force peace throughout every society. Threats will not be tolerated. Violation of the coming peace will be dealt with stern and swift punishment. 
As Jhovahkan spoke, his master crystal emanated a beam of reddish and yellow light simultaneously to each of the councils crystals. From their crystals, which began to glow and emit beams of power into each council members foreheads. 
Tamika looked up at her mother, Luanren, and noticed the trancelike state that she had entered into. Her eyes were glowing like her brothers eyes. She looked at every council member and they too were in the same trancelike state. Turning away, she closed and blocked her mind to the lies her brother was sending out. There was something inside her that knew that this was not right, something that she had not felt for a long time: clarity. That was it, she thought to herself. She had been released by the power her crystal had over her when it was destroyed.
She continued to gaze forward and thought to herself, I must play along until I find a way to thwart this awful thing my brother has done. 
My fellow council members, Jhovahkan continued, I will address all of Ackturra. Prepare the public address system and have all who are near to attend at the arena. It is there I will announce the tragedy that was bestowed upon us today, and I will announce my plan for advancing our war efforts. I give you three hours to prepare.
The colored beams retracted, and the glow of his master crystal faded. Jhovahkan wrapped up his crystal in his black cloth and tucked it away into his cloak.
This council will adjourn until further notice. I will come to each of you in turn as I need, Jhovahkan said with firmness. 
The high priestess hereby dismisses this session of the council, Ghaia said as she raised her hands and clapped them twice.
The council members all put their crystals away, still looking as if they were in a trance, and went about each of their duties to prepare for the public announcement that was to be given in just three hours.
Tamika hurried away to her room to avoid her brother. She needed to be alone so she could begin to understand why she still felt power within herself after her crystal had been destroyed. 

* * *
Palace Assemblage
Jhovahkan slowly approached the podium. He looked somber as he prepared to deliver his speech to his people. The entire council was seated behind the platform, their eyes still glazed over caused by the trance from their new leader. Tamika sat next to her mother and attempted to blend in and stared straight ahead off into space.
His hands grabbed each side of the podium as he propped himself up. He wore his full military dress, which was decorated with every medal he had received in action. Jhovahkan looked tired, and he had dark circles under his yellow and red eyes. 
He intently looked about the auditorium, making eye contact with only a few close friends. Then he looked straight ahead into the camera that was fixed on him that would transmit his message to the entire people of Ackturra. 
Jhovahkan paused for a moment, not smiling, but looking very serious with what he was about to announce, My people, friends, family, statesmen, military leaders, service men here on Ackturra and on our ships spread about the galaxy, my fellow councilmen.
There was stillness in the arena that was quite different than from just a few hours before. The echoes of cheers and noise of the Banttuuk contest had faded into the background, which now had become the quiet and somber atmosphere. 
My father was murdered today, Jhovahkan began, murdered by my own flesh and blood. My brother, Jhahnahkan, devised a plot to take over the council. I thwarted his plan today, but I was not completely successful. I could not have saved my father from this treachery.
The stillness was momentarily interrupted by cries of passion and weeping for their fallen leader.
Fear not, my people, he continued. The stillness settled once again as they hung on every word that Jhovahkan said to them, I have been confirmed by the council in a unanimous vote to take my fathers place. I have exercised my birthright to become your new leader. I, Jhovahkan of the house of S, firstborn son of Qiaoshan, will lead us all into a new era of peace through the complete and absolute annihilation of our enemy, he said this with firmness and complete resolve, Then and only then will I seek retribution for the act of cowardly and despicable act of my brother, Jhahnahkan. He will pay for his murderous deed! Mark my words, my friends. He will be found and brought to justice.
The crowd once again interrupted the silence with cheers and applause as they heard the words of Jhovahkan. They continued to applaud him as a sign of their support to his cause.
Please he began, please please He continued to say this as he attempted to quiet the crowd. He tried to hide his slight smile to himself as he was seeing his plan unfold. It was very apparent that he had the complete support of his people. 
The hall once again quieted and returned to silence as he continued to speak, People of Ackturra! I now call upon your service!  Every business, every factory, every manufacturer here on our world,  I now call upon all of you to convert your operations, every business everything that you do will be converted over to support the war effort. Every available and able-bodied citizen shall be drafted into the military to serve on our warships. Every man, woman, and child that cannot perform military active duty will be required to work in every factory or business to build new ships and parts for ships, weapons manufacturing, shield technologies, armor-plating factories, or any other function that will be necessary in order to complete the building of our armad, Jhovahkan continued speaking, but raised his voice to combat the thunderous applause. 
I will build a fleet of battle destroyers, carriers, and cruisers. We will have more frigates and fighters, all to be added to our existing fleet. I will build a fleet large enough to defeat our enemy, the Zelinite! pausing, he waited for the applause once again, Once the Zelinites are wiped out of existence forever and they no longer pose a threat to anyone, we will become the peacekeepers of the galaxy. There will be no tolerance for insurrection or wars between any civilizations. Any defiant action will be dealt with swift judgment and will be subject to the destructive power of the Ackturrian armada!
Jhovahkan rested for a few moments as he took in the feeling of great triumph and allowed the crowd to go wild with supporting applause and cheering. Unable to hide his half smile any longer, he stood straight and raised his hands to the crowd. He looked into the camera with a look of satisfaction and projected comfort to those who were witnessing Ackturrian history being made.
My first act in this new call to war will be to recall any and all Ackturrian warships back to our home planet. These warships will all be fitted with a new weapon. A new technology has been given to me through the power of my new master crystal. For the first time in many years, the crystal caverns will be open to all captains.
The crowd all at once became still once again as they intently listened to what their new leader was telling them.
Jhovahkan began speaking once more, Each of these captains will find their power crystal. Their crystals shall be used in these new devices that will be fitted on the bridge of each ship. This new device is called the crystal tuner. The design was given to me by the power of my new master crystal. This device will help with ship defenses and weapons. We will be tuned to one another, which will create a network of communications that can alert the captain of my orders. Instantaneously, they will also alert us of any impending danger. These crystal tuners will increase the response time and effectiveness of every ship in my armada and shall have a direct link to my master crystal that will be fitted into my flagship, the Kalentun.
 Jhovahkan continued to speak as Tamika intently listened and mimicked the blank stare that everyone else had on their face.
She thought to herself, My brother has taken complete control over everyone. I must resist the power that is trying to overcome me. It must be that since my crystal was shattered, its hold over me was broken, and that must be why I am able to resist my brothers mind manipulation. 
As she continued to repel the powerful hold trying to overcome her, her head began to ache, and she began to wince under the strain. She continued to think to herself, I must break away and get myself out of here quietly. I cannot risk being discovered by my brother or anyone else under his power. 
Tamika rose from her chair and continued to concentrate on keeping the blank stare. She had a blinding headache that she carefully kept to herself. She slipped out behind her brother and stepped down off the platform where the rest of the council had been seated, and walked over to the side exit that was closest to her. 
Quietly, she opened the door partway and stepped through, carefully closing it behind her. Turning to make her way from the crowd, she found herself face-to-face with one of the council security guards that were stationed at each exit.
Madam Tamika, he said with a cold, blank stare, where are you going? 
Tamika immediately took her hand and placed her first two fingers and thumb on the side of the guards face and projected her thoughts to him, Do not concern yourself with me. You did not see me leave. You will continue to guard your station. If anyone asks, you did not see me. Do you understand?
She probed his mind to ensure her projection was a success. Convinced she had successfully placed her thoughts in him, Tamika removed her hand and continued to walk away, leaving the guard staring straight ahead. Astounded by her new ability, she thought to herself, I am not sure how I was able to do that. I no longer have a power crystal to help me focus. Could it be that Jhahnahkan was right about the crystals, that there was something about the power crystals that were not right with them after all?
She continued to gain as much distance from the assembly as she could. The farther away she got from her brother Jhovahkan, the less she felt the power trying to overcome her, My brother felt something wrong when he came home. Now I too, feel what he was trying to tell me was true. I must find out what happened to my brother, and I must try to save my mother from the power that the crystal has over her.
Scared for her safety, she fled into the night to think about what she must do.

* * *
Luanrens Dwelling
The night sky had turned dark, and the two moons shone brightly across the landscape of Ackturra. Tamika slowly approached her mothers dwelling only to discover that her lights were on. She crept around the side and peered inside one of the windows. She saw her mother standing in the center of the room with that same empty glare into space. Standing in front of her mother was Jhovahkan with his hands held open. He held them up on either side of her mothers head while he peered deep into her eyes. His concentration broke momentarily as he turned his head toward the window.
Tamika lowered herself so he would not see her looking through the window. Jhovahkan again turned his focus back to Luanren. 
She lifted up again and looked at the two. Once again, he broke off his stare and focused at the windows. She could feel his mind probing for her. She only had one course of action; she would have to confront the two of them. She could not keep him from sensing her presence any longer. 
Tamika concentrated one last time to maintain her veil and hoped that she was strong enough to resist the powerful mind manipulation of her brother. 
She came around to the front and boldly entered the front door with full expectation that his mind manipulation over her mother would be interrupted, giving Tamika the edge over the situation.
Jhovahkan lowered his hands and turned toward her, My dear sister, Tamika... So good of you to come to us tonight. Where did you disappear to today?  We were all concerned for you, my dear.
I left with everyone else, she said with a blank stare and an emotionless voice, You must have missed me. It was a very large crowd. Tamika attempted to change the subject, I enjoyed your speech today, my brother. It wasedifying.
Oh come now, my sister, Jhovahkan said, cutting Tamika off in midsentence, do you take me for a fool?
No, my brother, I do not take you for a fool. That is one thing I can say about
Jhovahkan interrupted his sister one more time, I know why you left. I know why you wanted to get away.
You do? Tamika asked with a slight waver in her voice.
Yes, my sister, it is all right. I completely understand, he said with confidence.
My brother, I do not mean to disrespect
Sister! he said abruptly, Why of course you dont. You see, you are sad and frightened about losing your power crystal. You thought I would be angry with you for not being able to stop Jhahnahkan from killing our father today.
Jhovahkan! she began to shout.
Now, now, my dear, he said with a calming tone, you did what any loving daughter would have done. I do not hold that against you, my sweet sister, Tamika.
Tamika started to speak again. Jhovahkan reached up with his first finger and pressed it to her lips. Shh, hush now, he said softly. There is no need to be frightened. We will correct this problem. Jhovahkan reassured her, Tomorrow, at first light, we will meet at the council chamber, where I will send you to the Crystal Mountains. There, you will find a new power crystal, one that will be yet even more powerful than the last.
Tamika faked a smile back at his brother and threw her arms around her brother, giving him a squeeze, I am so glad you understand, my brother. I was afraid you would not have understood my predicament.
Yes, my sister, Jhovahkan said, returning her embrace, all will be restored to you. We will forge ahead with my battle plans.
Yes, my brother, she said with full assurance that she had hid the truth from her brother.
Tomorrow, after you have claimed your new crystal, we will fit your ship, the Crytore, with one of the very first crystal tuners, Jhovahkan said as he pulled away, holding his sister by her shoulders. 
Tamika continued to stare straight ahead. Jhovahkan stared deep into her eyes one last time, looking for something in her that might not be right. Confident that she was telling him the truth, he turned from his sister and returned his gaze at Luanren. 
Her blank stare was enough reassurance in her eyes that he turned, reached into his cloak, pulled out his master crystal, and held it out before him. 
Jhovahkan focused for only a moment before a vortex opened in front of him. He turned and looked at the two one last time, Until tomorrow, he said as he stepped through the vortex, which abruptly closed behind him.
Tamika turned to her mother, who was still standing in the center of the room with that blank stare on her face. She grabbed her mother by the shoulders and shook her in hopes that she would come out of the trance. With no effect, she stepped back for a moment and said, Mother, forgive me. This is going to hurt me more than it hurts you.
Tamika swung at her mother with her fist and struck her with an uppercut. Her swing would have made any fighter proud. The blow caused Luanren to fall to the ground unconscious. Tamika searched her mother for the power crystal within her garment. Taking it out, she removed the crystal from its black cloth and held it. 
She stood over her mother and looked at the power crystal, You will not hold my family under your power any longer! 
Tamika raised the crystal high over her head and threw it to the ground with a powerful force. The crystal smashed into what seemed like a thousand pieces, and a loud crack was heard followed by a thunderous sound that resonated in the air as it split apart. The fractured power crystal fragments lay on the ground and began to lose its glow as it slowly faded into a dull pile of useless glass.
Tamika went over to where her mother lay on the ground. Luanren began to stir and was still dazed and confused. 
Come on, Mother, we need to get out of here before my brother discovers what I have done.
Helping her mother to her feet, the two stumbled out the door as they made their way into the night.
* * *
Palace Launch Pad
Tamika led the way to the flight launch pad where her shuttle was parked. The sleek low-profile design of Tamikas shuttle made it easy to help her dazed mother into the cockpit. She fastened Luanren with the shoulder straps and tightened them down just a bit tighter than usual.
Sorry about that, Mother. I think this may be a bit of a bumpy ride tonight, Tamika said to herself quietly.
She quickly climbed into her seat, fastened down her restraints, and turned on the power to the control panel. She flipped switches and pressed buttons, which closed the canopy over them, and the sound of rushing wind was heard as the cockpit sealed shut. The shuttles systems powered up, the lights came on the dash, while Tamika flew through the preflight checklist.
I really do not have time for this, she exclaimed as she decided to forgo the rest of the flight check. Tamika powered up the ships engines and lifted the nose up into the air and sent the small craft hurling into the night sky. 
She clicked on the microphone, Base Control, this is Lady Tamika of the high council. Please give me shield access codes.
This is Base Control, the radio squawked, Good evening, Madam Tamika. Please state the purpose of your business.
Our high council leader has requested that I prepare the Crytore for my crystal tuner tomorrow. I am personally going to inspect my ship for our readiness, Tamika said in a convincing voice.
One moment madam. I need to verify your access. The radio fell silent for a few moments. Tamika began to worry if they were going to be granted access when the radio suddenly came back to life, Access codes have been authorized. Stand by for download.
Tamika gave a sigh of relief as the access codes began to program her shuttles path through the planetary shields. The shuttle began to pitch and yaw as the access code programming corrected her flight.
Computer, Tamika commanded, prepare to switch to space flight control.
The computer chimed in, I am sorry. Unable to comply. Our current flight path is not set for orbit.
Explain where we are going then? she exclaimed.
We are on approach to Base Control docking station three, the computer answered.
Ah no! she shouted, I was afraid of this. Computer, disengage autopilot and purge access codes. 
 Access code deleted, the computer complied.
Computer, switch to manual control and power up weapons!
The computer made some bleeping and whirring sounds as the shuttles computer followed its pilots instructions.
Tamika continued on the current course without deviation as to not alert Base Control of her plans. She flew closer and closer to the control hangar while she scanned the base of the huge control platforms structure for one of the main shield generators. 
Aha, she said with a smile, I found you. Looks like I was right about the bumpy ride, Mother. 
Tamika broke her flight path and headed straight for the shield generator, Hold on. Here we go!
She pressed the firing trigger on her main weapons array and fired a stream of laser blasts at the shield generator. The laser blasts made contact in just the right spot, causing the generator to explode. A small hole was detected by Tamikas computer as the planetary shields power drained.
There, our exit point. Computer, give me full power to the rear shields. Switch to space flight, Tamika said with excitement, Fly in defensive mode and plot a course to the Crytore.
The computer took over with autopilot and followed its instructions as she flew the shuttle through the small opening in the planetary shield, narrowly missing the huge base station as they flew by. 
Now that is how it is done! she said to herself. Computer, open a channel to the Crytore.
Channel open, the computer replied.
Crytore, this is Lady Tamika, come in, she barked.
This is the Crytore. What in the blazes is going on over there? her first officer asked.
No time to explain. Fire up the power drive and leave orbit. Prepare for slipstream drive and open the shuttle doors. I am going to be coming in hot.
The computer interrupted her communication, Several fighters approaching on an intercept course. 
Evasive maneuvers. Increase to emergency speed!
Warning, the computer reported, exceeding recommended hull specifications. A hull breach may occur if we continue beyond maximum safe speed.
Override! she shouted back. Boost the shield output. She will hold together, Tamika ordered with confidence.
As she approached the Crytore, she saw the hangar bay doors open ready to receive them as the huge battle cruiser powered up its engines and began to move away from the planet. The fighters began to lose distance and fired their missiles at Tamikas shuttle, and then they broke off their attack.
Warning! Incoming missiles, the computer alerted.
Fire all countermeasures, Tamika ordered as she continued toward the Crytore.
The computer fired all the shuttles countermeasures, and they exploded behind her just in time to prevent the attack. The shock wave of the exploding missiles rocked the shuttle back and forth and made a loud groaning sound from within the cockpit as the limits of the shuttles hull reached critical stages. 
The rocking of the shuttle was enough to awaken the slumbering Luanren. She opened her eyes and let out a slight scream of panic, not knowing where she was or how she got there.
Tamika took notice of her mother regaining consciousness, Hello, Mother, glad you could make it to the party.
Whawhat is going on?  Where am I? Luanren exclaimed. 
I do not have time to explain now, Tamika answered quickly.
We are in a bit of a situation.
Looking over at her daughter with panic on her face, she answered, I can see that.
Realizing her mother was no longer under the power of her brothers mind manipulation, she instructed Luanren to take the weapons control. There is another group of fighters approaching on a new intercept course. I need you to fight them off while I try to land this thing.
You got it, honey. With pleasure, Luanren answered with enthusiasm.
I am glad to see you are back. Do you remember anything? 
Yes, she answered, everything, including being punched by my daughter. 
With the new squadron of fighters approaching, Tamika flew her shuttle with erratic movements in hopes to shake them off their tail. Luanren began to fire the laser blasters, knocking three of the fighters into exploding debris.
Good job, Mother!  There are just a few left! Tamika shouted.
Yes, I got this, Luanren shouted back as she took aim for the remaining fighters.
The laser blasts came from both fighters and shuttle as they weaved in and out and all around as each side attempted to navigate the spray of lasers. 
Two more fighters were hit, causing them to break off the attack. Now with only two left, the fighters closed in on their target. Luanren made another direct hit, taking out one more fighter, leaving only one more approaching fighter, which continued to fire upon the now-fugitive shuttle.
We are hit! Tamika exclaimed. Number 2 engine is down. We are going to have to use the booster to power us the rest of the way!
The approaching Crytore was spinning just ahead of them and now within the firing range of the behemoth vessel. 
Tthe last fighter broke off its attack in order to save themselves certain death.
Mother, I need you to help me stabilize us.
The Crytores rotation appeared to begin to slow as they began to match the shuttles approaching spin. 
The intercom once again came on. We are matching your approach vector. We have prepared the hangar bay for an emergency landing.
Thanks. I think it is going to be a rough landing. Hang on! Tamika shouted over the intercom. The crew of the Crytore could hear the screaming voices of two really panicked women as the shuttle flew into the landing bay. The emergency restraint system caught the shuttle and, with a violent jerk, stopped the small ship as it banged and pitched the craft, bringing it to rest on the floor of the hangar. The huge bay doors began to roll closed, and the pressure returned to a normal atmosphere.
The two made their way quickly to the bridge of the Crytore. The crew looked back and saw the approaching Telenian, Jhahnahkans ship now commanded by Panru.
The first officer stepped over behind the helm. We had better get that slipstream engaged and soon.
The Telenian, with its engines blazing, closed in on the Crytore.
* * *
Chapter 6  Relationships

Earth: Year 1983
 Katie finished dressing Jhahnahkans head wounds and asked him his name again. So ya never told me your name, mister.
Jhahnahkan began to lift up off the table, and Kate abruptly pushed him back down flat on his back.
Not so fast there. You need to lie down and rest a spell, Kate said with a commanding voice.
Ya better listen to what she says there, ma friend, Rex added. Youll regret it if ya dont.
Rex, Kate said, looking up, why dont you go out and make sure them Russell boys havent come back and then check with Glenda to see if she needs anything.
You got it, maam, Rex said as he got up from the chair he was sitting on.
Kate waited for Rex to leave and then looked around the corner to make sure he wasnt in earshot. Then she returned to her patients side.
So you really need to tell me about who you are, Kate said as she leaned down close to Jhahnahkans face. 
My name is Jhahnahkan of the house of S, he said with a startled look on his face. Do not ask me how I know that. I only am starting to remember some things.
Hmmm, Jhahnahkan, she said with a puzzled look, people around here dont go by such exotic names. Lets call you John for now, huh?
That will be fine, Jhahnahkan said, wincing slightly with pain.
Oh, and another thing, havent you ever heard about using contractions?
Contractions? I do not know what that is.
You know, instead of do not, you say dont, havent instead of have not. Thats what a compound word is. You need to start sounding like you are from around here or you might find yourself in a heap of trouble with the locals, Kate said as she smiled at him.
I will try. Ill try harder, Kate.
Hey, youre a quick study, she said as she took his hand in hers and gently caressed it. I hope you dont mind. I just want to help you feel better. 
Yes, that does feel nice, he said, looking into her eyes.
Do you have anyone special from wherever you come from?
If you are referring to a companion, then no, not that I remember.
Hmmm, Kate said with hope in her voice, well, that is surprising to me. You are kind of cute.
Hey, Jhahnahkan said with a half smile, no contractions? What ever happened to youre and thats?
Ah, you caught me, Kate said with a laugh. It does grow on ya, you know, not using contractions. I will remember that from now on.
I think youre making fun of me, Kate.
Kate just looked into his eyes and smiled, which led to a moment of awkward silence for the two. She squeezed his hand slightly and then patted the back of his hand.
We really need to find out who you are and where you came from, Mr. Jhahnahkan of the house of S.
I am starting to remember a few things. I have a brother and a half sister. I know this will sound very strange to you, but I do not come from Earth.
I figured that out after I saw your performance in the back parking lot.
I dont mean to scare you.
Kate interrupted Jhahnahkan. Dont be silly. I think its intriguing. Besides, youre not the first extraterrestrial Ive ever met.
What do you mean, Kate?
I mean, there is this strange woman that showed up here a few years ago. She lives in the desert, just east of Phillmore. Stays to herself for the most part. Most people leave her alone. I befriended her. Guess Im the only one in the town that has. Shes told me some pretty weird stories, she said then paused. And she talks a lot like you. 
I think I really do need to meet her. I feel she may hold the key to my memory, Jhahnahkan said.
There is one more thing, Kate said with a slight hesitation in her voice.
Oh?  Whats that? Jhahnahkan asked curiously. 
Helen told me about my future, Kate said, pausing for a moment. She said a strange and mysterious man would come into my life from out of nowhere. She said his name would be very different, we would fall in love, and that my life would never be the same again. I really never believed her, but now, here you are. You do fit that description of a strange and mysterious man. You just came into my life from out of nowhere. It does kind of make ya wonder.
Rex entered the back room in a rush. Katie, Katie, Rex shouted.
Kate let go of Jhahnahkans hand and stood, Whats wrong, Rex?
Theres no time to explain. We need to get moving on outta here now! Rex said, shaking.
John here is in no shape to move anywhere right now. Just tell me whats wrong?
Its Sheriff Matson, hes come back to find our friend here, Rex said, gasping for air.
Calm down, Rex. Ill go stall the sheriff.
Jhahnahkan lifted up from the table and propped up on his elbows. No, Kate, you shouldnt go out there.
Jhahnahkan almost didnt finish his sentence when the sheriff burst into the back room. Well, well, well, what do we have here? Sheriff Matson said, holding his hands on his belt.
Kate moved and stood between Jhahnahkan and Matson. Sheriff, you need to back off. Hes injured.
Now you neednt concern yourself, maam. Hes nothin but trouble. You should stay as far away from him as you can, the sheriff said with a stern voice. Now stand aside. Im takin him in. He then pushed Kate aside.
Rex and Katie both tried to hold the sheriff back from getting to Jhahnahkan, but he shoved them back. 
Dont try to stop me. Ill take you both in for obstructing justice. 
Just as Sheriff Matson grabbed Jhahnahkan by the collar, Glenda came around the corner swinging an empty beer bottle over his head. The bottle smashed and sprayed glass over the entire room, stopping Sheriff Matson cold in his tracks. He stood just long enough to turn to see his assailant and then spun around and fell to the floor unconscious. Rex, Katie, and Jhahnahkan all stared at Glenda as the room fell silent for a few moments. After they recovered from the shock of what Glenda had done, Katie stepped over the unconscious sheriff and started to collect her things from one of the chairs in the room. 
Come on. Guess we had better get on outta here, Kate said in a hurry, John, you going to be all right?
Yes, I will be fine, Jhahnahkan said with a wince as he lifted himself off the table. 
Rex and Kate put his arms around their necks and assisted Jhahnahkan up the rest of the way. 
Glenda, get rid of the rest of the customers and lock the front up. Youre coming with us, Kate said with a concerned look. Hurry on up now. Were all in big trouble. We need to get moving before he wakes up.
Glenda rushed up to the front of the bar and announced the early closing to the reluctant patrons and shuffled them out the door. She locked the door, turned the sign to closed, and shut off the lights. 
 Jhahnahkan now stood on his own two feet and turned to Kate and Rex. I have an idea. Get the sheriff up and sit him in this chair.
The two complied and set the now dazed and confused Matson in the chair. Jhahnahkan moved over and stood before the sheriff and put his hands on the sides of his temples. He closed his eyes and concentrated for a few moments and then stopped and turned back to the others. 
There, that should buy us some time, Jhahnahkan said with a half smile.
What did you do to him? Kate asked as the four rushed out the back door.
I planted the thought that the Russell brothers were the ones that hit him over the head.
Rex chimed in, Oh good one, more of them parlor tricks. How long will that one last?
Not that long. I am still fairly drained. 
The four made their way to Katies station wagon. Her car was a 1968 Chevrolet Caprice in two-tone green with wood sidings. She opened up the door with her key and reached over and pulled up on the handle to unlock the passenger and back door. Jhahnahkan climbed in the front seat, Glenda and Rex entered the backseat. They all closed the doors while Kate started the engine. The car roared to life as Kate gunned the throttle. She pulled down the shifter on the column and placed the car in reverse and pulled the switch to turn on the headlights. As she backed out of the stall and turned the car forward, she placed the car in drive. The lights of the car shined on two bikers blocking the exit of the back lot. The Russell brothers had returned to revenge their pride.
Oh crap! Kate exclaimed.
What are we going to do now? Glenda asked with panic.
Why dont ya do one of your mind tricks on them? Rex asked.
I dont have enough strength left to concentrate, Jhahnahkan said as he stretched out his hand in front of him. Nope, nothing is happening. I need some time.
Well have to make a run for it, Kate said as she slammed on the gas.
The passengers held on to whatever they could as the car raced forward toward the two angry bikers. The Russell brothers held their ground until the very last moment, when they gunned their bikes and darted to each side, allowing Kates speeding car between them. She shot out of the parking lot and turned left, squealing around the corner. The brothers turned and began to chase them down the road, catching up to them without any trouble. 
Kate swerved to the left and then over to the right to keep them from overtaking her car. The Russell brothers once again attempted to pass Katies speeding car. Her car erratically moved from side to side and sped up and slowed down to try and confuse their pursuers. The left bumper connected with the front tire of Tims bike, causing him to nearly lose control. Tim backed off a few feet in order to regain his control over the speeding bike. Chuck tried to take advantage of the narrow passage on the right and sped up to the side of Kates car. Rex rolled down his window and picked up a tire iron that had been lying on the floor of Kates backseat. He swung the bar at Chucks bike, but he dodged the strike. Rex swung once more. Chuck reached out and grabbed the tire iron from Rexs hand and began to smash the windows on her car one by one. 
Kate decided that she had had enough of this, so she swerved the car to the right, knocking Chuck off to the shoulder of the road. Losing control of his bike, he flew off the road and into a field of mud where he came to a sudden stop. Chuck was tossed over the handlebar and fell face-first into the mud. He lifted his head up slightly and then gave up in exhaustion and flopped in the mud.
Tim kept up with the racing car until he noticed his brother had fallen to the wayside. Deciding that he didnt want to face the four solo, he slowed down and turned around to go back and help his brother.
Katies car sped off into the night, putting a good distance between them and the Russell brothers. 
Thatll teach em, maam! Rex said with triumph in his voice.
Glenda let out a big whoo-hoo! Boy, she said, that was more fun than Ive had in forever!
Based on my past experience with them, I do not think the Russell brothers can be taught anything, Jhahnahkan said in a serious voice.
The others snickered at Jhahnahkan as he made the statement. 
Jhahnahkan burst out laughing at his friends. You see? I can have a sense of humor.
Very funny, John, Kate said as she poked Jhahnahkan in the ribs. Jhahnahkan let out a yelp. Oh no, Im so sorry, John. I forgot about your ribs.
Thats okay. Ill get over it, he kidded back as he rubbed his side.
So John is your name? Rex asked.
His name is Jhahana-something-or-other, so I decided to call him John for short, Kate said, looking over and giving him a wink.
Jhahnahkan and John is okay with me, he said, giving a wink back to Kate as he smiled slightly.
So, Glenda asked, how much farther is this old womans home?
About another half an hour or so outside of Phillmore, and I wouldnt exactly call it a home really; more like a shack in the desert is all it is, Kate answered.
Glenda looked back to see if the Russell Brothers had decided to follow them. She peered down the dark highway and saw what appeared to be flashing lights speeding toward them. 
Dont look now, but looks like the sheriff is barreling down on us, Glenda exclaimed in panic.
Katie adjusted her rearview mirror to get a better view. Yep, that would be Sheriff Matson coming down on us like an angry hornets nest that was just kicked.
I was right, Jhahnahkan said. That didnt last long. I was too weak for that to last much time at all.
Dont worry yourself, honey. Well get outta this one too, Kate said reassuringly.
Kate floored the gas pedal, sending the passengers backward into their seats. Sheriff Matsons patrol car headed down the road at a high speed as he tried to catch up to his fugitives. His siren blaring and light flashing, he noticed their car gaining distance. He stomped on his gas as if the pressure from his foot would cause his car to travel even faster than it could. 
Jhahnahkan held his hands up to his temples, touching his first two fingers, and to the sides and began to concentrate on confusing the sheriff once more. 
After a few moments, he stopped and looked over at Kate and his friends. I am too far away to get an effect. I have an idea. You will all need to hold on and bear with me. I do not know how I know I can do what I am about to do. It is just coming to me, he said with confidence. 
Kate, I need you to keep putting as much distance between us and the sheriff. Everyone else, do not look back. Just hold on and do not be frightened.
He held his hands out in front of him with his palms facing straight out, one hand higher than the other as if he was shooting a basketball. He began to slowly roll his hands back and forth as if he was rolling an invisible ball. 
Kate, I need you to take your hand and press it on my temple and concentrate on the location of Helens place. Dont think of anything else. Clear your mind. Trust me.
Katie followed Jhahnahkans instructions and placed her hand on his temples and tried to mimic the way he held his fingers in that same position. Jhahnahkan continued to roll his hands around the invisible ball, and as he did, he started to separate and expand his hands to form a larger invisible ball. His face took on a stone-cold look as he continued to concentrate on his task. His forehead furled down, eyebrows dropped, and he held his head slightly down and closed his eyes. Once he was satisfied with the size of his invisible ball, he acted like he tossed it out in front of the speeding car. Glenda and Rex sat motionless and wondered what their new friend was going to do. Kate continued to concentrate on Helens location while she kept her foot on the gas and steered her car ahead with her other hand. 
A bright light flashed in front of Kates speeding car, which revealed a very large vortex that had opened up before them. The fast-approaching sheriff was gaining on Kates station wagon as they were outmatched by the power of his squad car. Sheriff Matson, seeing the vortex before him, slammed on his brakes and careened off the road and out into the open field. 
Katies car passed through the open vortex and exited on the other side at Helens location. The vortex abruptly closed with the sound of a violent wind passing through a narrow passage.
Kate let out a scream and slammed on her brakes, causing her car to slide sideways in the desert sand and stopped just before the entrance to an old run-down shack.
Jhahnahkan slumped over against Kate from the sideways skidding of the car. The other passengers, in shock, slowly opened up the car doors and got out.
Standing before them was a wrinkled old woman with tattered clothes. She held a crooked cane in her left hand and stood all of about five feet tall and was slightly hunched over.
Come on now; let us get him out of there. He is going to be out for a spell, Helen said with a crack in her voice. It took you long enough to get here. I have been here waiting for you all day.
The three stood out under the dark night sky only illuminated by the bright stars above them. Well, Kate began, we sort of ran into a little trouble.
Do you not know that I already know that? Helen said with irritation in her voice. I need him to give me the crystal. Do you know where it is?
No no, he never mentioned any crystal, Kate said.
How about you Rex?  Do you remember seeing him using his crystal? 
No, maam, I picked him up on the road between Phillmore and Rosemont, mostly on the Rosemont side, Rex said as he stroked his chin. He hit his head out there somewhere. He doesnt remember too much right now.
Humph, the old woman said with a huff. He must have had a bad landing. I really do not have time for this. Get him inside so I can have a good look at him.
The three carried the unconscious Jhahnahkan inside the old shack and sat him down in a chair by the old womans table. The old woman paced around the small room, tapping her cane on the floor as she walked. She stopped at one end, paused, turned, and slowly hobbled to the other side, pausing again. Then she came over to Jhahnahkan and stood before him. 
Come on, son, you need to wake up. It was not that hard for you to do that, was it?
Glenda politely addressed the old woman, Maam, what do ya mean?  What was that we just went through?  What is this crystal you are talking about?
 Simple questions get simple answers, Helen said, turning to Glenda. That was a vortex. Every crystal-bearing Ackturrian can create one. That is why he has to have one. It has never been done before without one nope, simply not possible. She said this reassuring herself.
 Glenda and the rest had a blank stare on their face. Ah, I know, it is hard for Terrens to grasp this. Okay, she said as she began to explain, a vortex is a means of teleportation, transporting yourselves, objects, and the like from one point to another point. The traditional crystal is capable of teleporting two ways: one location to another. The crystal that he should have allows the user to teleport three ways: one location to another location and through time. Helen spoke matter-of-factly. 
How do you know so much about him? Rex asked.
That is an even easier question, Helen said, turning to Rex. He is my grandson. His father is my son, Qiaoshan of the house of S.
Helen, now getting tired of waiting, poked Jhahnahkan with the end of her cane. Come on, son, wake up already!
Jhahnahkan began to stir. Kate knelt down by his side and held his hand. John, John, wake up, John. Its all right, were all here. 
He lifted his head up and slowly opened his eyes. Standing before him was the old woman; something in his memory began to spark, and he started to remember seeing her not long ago in a dark and damp cave.
There you are. I thought you were going to never wake up, Helen exclaimed.
He looked up at Helen. I know you, he said. You were in the cave. 
Hehe, the old woman chuckled. Yep, that was me. You still cannot remember, can you? She raised one eyebrow as she said this.
Im afraid not. Jhahnahkan paused. I know that I know you, but I dont
Humph, she said once again, I see you have been around these humans too long. Already starting to talk like them too. Okay, she said with a huff, guess we have to do this the hard way.
She rested her cane on the edge of the table and took his head in her hands and peered deep inside the core of his being. The room faded away, and images of his life began to flood in from the deepest part of his memory. He saw images of himself, from walking in the field to being tossed through a vortex. Then he saw his brother standing in the council chamber, directing a path of energy at his father. He remembered the explosion and being thrown back into the vortex. He saw himself holding the sealed crystal from the chest and the old woman guiding him to the secret room,  the memories of the Banttuuk competition, of his sister, Tamika, showing him her crystal and it bouncing off the ground and breaking a fragment off that was never found, memories of talking to his brother from the bridge of his ship, the Telenian, of the battle between the Ackturrian and Zelinite, memories of his journey to the outer rim and of making new friends, everything from his childhood.
Jhahnahkan jerked back. Jumping up, he letting out a cry of pain pain caused from the method Helen used to bring back his memories and the pain of the memories themselves.
He held his head in his hands in exasperation as he absorbed the ache of the reality of the events that had taken place. 
Helen stood up and took her cane once again in her left hand, I know what you know through that transference. I know you dropped the crystal in the field where you landed. But I still do not know how you can do the things you have done without it, Helen said as she thought about the memories she saw through her grandson.
She slowly got down on her knees before Jhahnahkan and began to examine his cloak. She felt all around the edges of it as if she was looking for something that did not belong.
Aha! she said victoriously, there it is!
She held the cloak up and examined a hard spot in the hem of the garment. She began to work it out of the fabric, and then taking ahold of the end of a sharp object, she removed it and exposed to everyone in the room a slightly green-colored crystal fragment.
There! See, you did have one. This is the fragment that shattered off your sister, Tamikas crystal. This all makes sense now. You must have partially aligned with it when she was showing it to you. When this broke off, it landed on your cloak and got imbedded. That is why she did not find it on the ground in that back room you were in, Helen deduced with a crooked smile.
Kate stepped over and stood by Jhahnahkan and smiled up at him, I am so glad that you are better. I was sorry you had to go through all of that pain, Kate said as she wrapped her arms around his waist.
Ah, Helen said, looking at Kate, that is why you are so attracted to him too. The crystal is drawing you to him. You are not immune to the powerful hold this crystal can have over a person. We must be very careful.
Kate interrupted Helen, It is not the crystal!  I am attracted to Jhahnahkan, but that is because I am in love with him, Kate said with a lift in her voice.
Just listen to yourself, Kate. You are even talking like us now.
But you said once that a strange man would enter my life and we would fall in love. That is happening. It is our destiny, Kate said with desire in her voice.
You are right. I did say that. It is your destiny. That I cannot change, Helen said with conviction. You will understand as this time line unfolds.
What is it I must do, my grandmother? Jhahnahkan said, looking into Katies eyes, returning her smile. Why have I come here?  What purpose is that crystal you planted in the cave, hidden all those years?
Remember back in the cavern, the scroll I placed there? Helen said.
Yes, I do remember what it said. The focus crystals have been infected, Jhahnahkan paused briefly, That means this crystal that I have taken back with me to this time is also corrupted.
Yes, that is the truth. The good thing is that this is only a fragment, and the power contained within this splinter is limited, but the infection can spread to the pure crystal over time. It is a good thing that you dropped it. That crystal must not be infected. That is our only chance to correct what the Zelinites have done. I brought you back in time so we can stop the infection from happening, Helen explained.
I still do not understand. What can I do to correct this?
You are the chosen one. I have seen it. I traveled in time, placed that crystal and hid it, and I guided you to where it was. Your corrupted crystal almost got to you. I had to act quickly and get your attention away from that, or none of this would have ever happened. You would have been corrupted. You would have returned to the council and joined your brothers side, and that would have destroyed our people. We would have lost the war that you would have waged with them, and they would have taken possession of the infected crystals, which would have led to the multiple destructions of many races in our galaxy. They would have grown in power and spread out, and eventually, they would have come here to take over this planet.
How do you know so much about what would have been? Kate asked.
Because, I was there! Helen said with a scowl on her face, I saw the destruction of our people; I saw it all, She had sorrow in her voice when she said this. That is when I knew I had to go to the past and try to change history. To us, those things never took place. She then took one of her chairs and sat down, resting her tired bones.
I had a special power crystal, one that had never been exposed to the infection. I set up the hidden room and planted the scroll just three years ago, in our time now, then I teleported to you in the cave only yesterday and got you to follow me. After I knew I had your attention, I placed the sealed crystal in the chest, and as I lowered it down into the ground, I used it one last time to travel back to this time. This time, this place, it has significance to us. These are our ancestors. We came from here eons ago. We traveled from terra firma. This time and place had been agreed upon by me and the pure crystal. They are intelligent, you know. It knew that my plan was the only way to save them, so when you took the crystal your father began to recall you to the council chamber. You broke the seal on the pure crystal capsule, and it knew you were the chosen one and sent you back to this time, to where we are now.
How am I to stop the Zelinite from causing the infection? 
I had to take you back a thousand years. Back to when the Zelinites sent the ship to Ackturra. We must stop that ship from arriving and deploying the Rune to the Crystal Caverns.
Rex stepped forward and asked, We dont have any spaceships here, maam. We dont even have that kinda technology. 
Not to worry, old man. We came from here. We had the technology. It had been lost over the millenniums since we left. There has to be a ship left over from our exodus, somewhere buried deep on terra firma, Helen said as she slammed the point of her cane on the floor. The pure crystal would know. It would not have led me here if we did not have a way. We will find it, but first
Jhahnahkan interrupted, We have to find it.  
Exactly! the old woman said with tenacity.
I will help you find it, Jhahnahkan. Whatever it takes, Kate said. I cannot go back now. I am a wanted fugitive.
None of us can go back now, Glenda frowned, I didnt have much to go back to anyway. Im in too!  
I agree with everyone else, Rex said. Sides, I don have much time left in this life anyway. Ill help ya with whatever I can do.
Thank you, Jhahnahkan said as he motioned with his hands up to his heart. This means so very much to me. You all are putting your own lives in danger for this cause.
Kate squeezed Jhahnahkan tightly, We would not have it any other way. We are not all bad.
You Terrens are good, but you are right, not everyone is, Helen said with conviction. I have lived here in this place for just a few years. Katie is the only one who took me in as a friend. For that I am grateful, my dear. Helen then looked up and gave Kate a smile.
John took a pretty nasty blow to his ribs. Does that crystal have any healing in it? Rex asked.
Helen took the fragment and placed it on his side where his cracked ribs were. Yes, we can use the crystal to do minor healing. This fragment is not whole, so the powers are limitedshort teleportation, mind probes, telekinesis. It does take energy from the host and drains them. Even whole crystals can drain a person for several minutes after teleporting. That is why Jhahnahkan became unconscious for a time.
The crystal fragment began to glow as she held it to his side, and he could feel the warmth of its healing power soaking through his garment. The cracked ribs healed up in just a few moments, and then the glow diminished.
I feel much better now. No more pain in my entire body. Even my head has stopped hurting, Jhahnahkan said with pleasure.
Kate stretched up and gave him a kiss on the cheek, I am glad you are better now. 
Jhahnahkan took the crystal fragment from his grandmother and held it out before him, I shall use this crystal fragment to get the crystal back from the field, Jhahnahkan offered.
Wait, Helen said as she snatched the fragment out of his hand, I should be the one to send you. The less you are exposed to the infected crystal, the better.  
Will I lose my attraction to him? Kate asked sadly.
No, sweetie, you both already have the attraction for each other. The power of the crystal just sped things up a bit. You will not lose that what you already have, the old woman said reassuringly.
Thats so cool that you two are an item. I just love it when two people find each other, Glenda said, and then turning to Helen she asked, Do you see anything in my future, if ya know what I mean?
Some aspects of the future are unknown, Helen answered Glenda, There are only certain things that I know must take place. Those things, if they do not happen, could cause a severe paradox that would cause the universe to be altered in ways that not even I could foresee.
What things are you talking about? Katie asked. 
You and Jhahnahkan must have a child, Helen answered.
There was silence in the room for a few moments. Then Rex spoke up, I know what a paradox is. I read about that in a magazine a while back. If you travel back in time and kill your grandfather, you wouldnt have ever been born to travel back in time to kill your grandfather. Something like that?
Exactly! That is a paradox. Time travel can be very complicated and must be done very carefully.
What is it that will happen if I do not have Jhahnahkans child? Katie asked.
Like I said, simple questions get simple answers, she said, turning to Kate, The simple answer to that question, my dear, is that I will not be born.
* * *
Chapter 7  Enemy of the State

Ackturra: Year 2983
Panru sat in the captains chair on the bridge of the Telenian. He leaned forward; his hands rested on his knees. He looked out the front view and over the bow of his ship. Out in front of the Telenian was Madam Tamikas ship, the Crytore, making an escape from Ackturra. 
Sir, the helmsman shouted, the Crytore is powering up her slipstream drive.
Panru stood and came over to help the helmsman with his controls. Prepare our slipstream and pursue that ship!  Charge weapons and fire on my mark, the captain commanded.
Yes, sir! The helmsman acknowledged. 
Open a channel to Base Control. Patch me with a direct line to Jhovahkan.
The communication officer complied with his commander. Channel open, sir.
This is Panru of the Telenian. Lady Tamika has made her escape and is on board the Crytore. They are powering up slipstream permission to pursue them and return her to Ackturra. 
The communication channel buzzed and hissed as they waited for a response. This is Jhovahkan. Permission granted. Take whatever necessary measures to ensure they are captured. Do not let them get away. Do you understand? Jhovahkan said with obvious irritation in his voice.
Yes, my leader, by your command, Panru said. We are closing in on the Crytore and can open fire on her any moment... Telenian out. 
Sir, we are in weapons range, The tactical officer added.
Open a channel to the Crytore. I am giving them one chance to return. 
Channel open, sir.
This is Panru, captain of the Telenian. Power down your slipstream drive and stand down your weapons. Come to a full stop and prepare to be boarded, Panru said with no optimism in his voice.
 The channel returned static. Panru repeated the message one more time and waited for the radio to come alive with a response.
The Crytores slipstream engines began to glow fiery red as they began to gain distance on the Telenians pursuit.
Open fire! Panru commanded.
Sir, they have gained too much distance and are no longer in range. We waited too long, the tactical officer said with a sign of relief.
The Crytores mammoth battle cruisers hull disappeared before the commander of the Telenian as they entered into slipstream space.
 Engines at full power. Slipstream drive ready sir, the helmsman said.
Patch me back to Jhovahkan, Panru commanded.
Channel open again, sir.
This is Panru. The Crytore made it to slipstream. We will
Panru was abruptly interrupted by Jhovahkan. What? I placed you in command of that ship because I thought I could trust you. Was I in error? Jhovahkan shouted with a foreboding voice.
No, Your Excellency, you can count on me and my crew. We are entering slipstream and will pursue the Crytore. We shall not fail you, my Leader, Panru said with trepidation.
I expect a full report once you have my sister in custody. Do not fail me. It will be the last thing you do. Do I make myself clear? Jhovahkan again shouted.
Yes, youre Excellency; I will contact you once we have control of the Crytore. Telenian out, Panru said as he commanded the communications officer to cut the channel.
I have the Crytores course plotted, sir.
Engage the slipstream drive and continue to pursue them, Panru ordered.
The Telenians slipstream drive engines came to life. They could feel the ship groaning and shaking as they crossed the threshold into slipstream space. The front view lit up with the familiar gleaming blue and green colors that spiraled around the sleek cruisers forward glass. Ackturra and its moons quickly vanished from behind them as they raced in pursuit of the Crytore.
Sir, the Telenians slipstream drive is no match for the Crytore. Weve been gone so long and never received the refitted engines. I do not think we can catch them, the engineering officer said. 
Not to mention our weapons bays are in the same condition, the tactical officer added.
I fully understand the situation, Panru said with a sheepish grin. We have all the refit weapons and shield generators in our cargo bay. They were secretly delivered a couple of hours ago.
Panru returned to the captains chair and settled down comfortably, stretched his arms out behind his head, interlaced his fingers, and rested them behind his head with confidence.
And for the matter of the slipstream drive, that was refitted last night with the latest V-5 technology. The main drive unit was in great shape. We only had to install those upgrades from the engineering room, Panru said with cockiness. The Crytore only has the V-4. We will have no problem catching them.
The bridge crew slumped down with the feeling of defeat as their new captain appeared to have everything under control.
The two men that were assigned to the Telenian also informed me that my crystal tuner was delivered with the rest of the cargo. Too bad I never had the time to obtain my power crystal form the caverns. That would have completed our entire refit, Panru added.
Sir, I have calculated the Crytores current course. They are taking us past the Zelinite jamming stations, and it appears they are making their way to the Karillian system, four parsecs away. The Crytore is only one quarter of a parsec ahead of us. They will arrive in less than ten hours, but if our new drive delivers what you are saying, we will catch up with the Crytore in two hours, the helmsman reported.
Excellent. Maintain course and continue to close in on the Crytore. I want an engineering team dispatched immediately to install the weapons upgrades to the forward systems, Panru ordered.
Aye, aye, sir, the bridge crew reluctantly acknowledged. 
* * *
Ackturra
High Council Chamber
Year: 2983
Jhovahkan sat on the floor in the middle of the council chamber. His legs were folded; his arms rested on his knees. His crystal was suspended in front of him and shined the iridescent reddish-yellow glow. A beam of light passed from the center of the crystal and landed on his forehead. With his eyes closed, he took in deep breaths and exhaled slowly as if he was consuming a drug.
His mother, Ghaia, stepped up on the platform and stood in front of him. My son, she said with a deep voice.
Jhovahkan opened his eyes with a start. He reached up and grabbed his crystal from its suspended position. The beam of light stopped, and the glow diminished. He stood up and wrapped up the crystal in the black velvet cloth and tucked it inside his cloak.
Mother, he said upset, why do you interrupt me when I am communing with my master crystal? 
He gazed into his mothers eyes. His face looked gaunt, and his yellow and red eyes looked unnatural. He had dark circles around his eyes, and his hair had begun to turn gray.
You are not well, my son, Ghaia said with concern.
I am just fine, Mother.
You have not had any nourishment since your fathers death.
My master crystal gives me everything I need. It is taking care of me. We are getting much closer.
Your new crystal is feeding upon you, my son, she continued. You just have to look in a mirror to see you are not well.
Do not be ridiculous. I am fine! Jhovahkan said sternly.
You are troubled, Ghaia began.
Of course I am troubled. I do not understand why my own sister wishes to turn on me.
It is because she no longer has a crystal. 
I was with her only a few hours ago. I had Luanren on my side. I probed my sister and saw no deceit. I was sure I had her as well, Jhovahkan said curiously.
Tamika must have had possession of a power crystal or she would not have been able to resist the master crystals influence, Ghaia said as she paced the floor of the council chamber. Are you sure she did not go to the Crystal Caverns?
I would have known. My master crystal would have been able to tell me. Jhovahkan showed sorrow in his voice as he continued. All I know is that Tamika and Luanren are now enemies of the state. They must be brought back to Ackturra to pay for this treason.
Has there been any word from Panru?
No, the last transmission was just before they entered slipstream space. I cannot penetrate the jamming stations that the Zelinites have set up. That barrier prevents any communications at their distance, and it is too great for me to teleport.
This is a bold move on our enemys part, my son.
Indeed, they have been moving in closer for weeks now. We must gather our forces and launch our armada soon, Jhovahkan said with conviction. 
Your armada is months from being complete. Meanwhile, our enemy continues to tighten their grip on our sector, Ghaia said.
I have tripled the ship depots output. We will have our armada in weeks, Jhovahkan argued back with his mother.
Did Panru acquire his power crystal? Ghaia asked.
No, he did not make it to the Crystal Caverns before Tamika fled. The Telenian received the ship modifications and the crystal tuner last night, but without a power crystal, I am cut off until they return to this side of the jamming stations.
Or until we take out those stations, his mother chimed in.
I have thought about taking out one of the smaller jammers. That could allow us to get a message out to our allies, Jhovahkan said as he folded his arms across his chest.
Why not take out their main jamming station in sector 523? That would make the rest of their approaching fleet venerable, Ghaia offered.
That station is heavily guarded: five destroyers, eight battle cruisers, and a carrier.
You could do it if only seven of our destroyers were equipped with the crystal tuner. You could set up a net, which would ultimately cloak your approach. They would never know what hit them, Ghaia said with an evil smile.
I will confer with my defense ministers. Assemble a meeting with them.
Yes, Your Excellency, Ghaia said, bowing before her son.
Ghaia turned and stepped off the council platform. Jhovahkan reached in his cloak and pulled out his crystal and resumed his position at the center of the floor and continued to commune with his master crystal.
* * *
Crytore  Command Center
Tamika stood on the bridge of the Crytore, and she leaned over the helms control station, reviewing their current location on the star map with the navigation officer.
She pointed to the screen on the console. Here are the jamming stations. Sector 523 holds the main jamming station, two on either side, one sector apart, forming an offensive. Our Intelligence reports that each jamming station has one destroyer and two battle cruisers capable of carrying up to thirty fighters. The main jammer has five destroyers, eight battle cruisers, and a carrier for a total complement of over two hundred fighters. We are outmatched even if we attempted to take out one of the smaller stations. We need to reach Kumar of the Karillians so we can tighten our alliance with them. We could take out one of the smaller stations if we had some help. 
Her first officer, Lanatek, diverted her attention to the situation at hand. Captain, the Telenian is closing in fast. We are almost eight hours form Karillian. The Telenian will make contact in less than fifteen minutes.
Ah nuts, Tamika said with disgust, they must have had time to upgrade their slipstream.
Maam, if we stop out here in the middle of nowhere, we could encounter Zelinites since their activities have increased, the tactical offer said.
We may not have any choice. They will catch us and knock out our engines, leaving us vulnerable no matter how you look at it, Tamika said with concern. Helm, prepare to leave slipstream, turn us about, and hold your position. We will face off with the Telenian.
Aye, aye, Captain, the helm acknowledged.
Full power to shields! Arm weapons and prepare for attack!
Lanatek began to bark orders to the bridge crew to prepare for their encounter. The crew pushed buttons and toggled settings in compliance with their instructions. The Crytore exited slipstream space and glided forward at high velocity. The helm spun the ship 180 degrees and continued its speed now in reverse. 
Prepare to launch all fighters, Lanatek ordered the ships landing bay.
Maam, the Telenian have also returned to normal space and are approaching. They will be on top of us in two minutes, the helm informed.
Scan the sector for any other ships and notify me of anything out there in our range, Tamika ordered.
Aye, aye, Captain, the tactical offer replied.
Okay, crew, give them all we got. On my mark, Tamika said steadily. Helm, bring us to a full stop.
Panru looked forward at the viewing glass from the bridge of the Telenian and gave the order to prepare shields and weapons.
Open a channel, he instructed.
I am not sure what purpose that will have, sir, the communications officer said.
Do it! he shouted.
Channel open, sir.
Lady Tamika, Panru said, do not fire your weapons. I am here as your ally.
The com returned static while the entire bridge crew stopped what they were doing and looked over at their captain in dismay.
Crytore, open your com channel. Let me explain, Panru begged.
Tamika stood on the bridge of the Crytore nearly speechless. What do you think they are up to? she asked as she turned to Lanatek.
I do not know, Lanatek replied. I suggest we find out what it is he wants.
Open the channel, Tamika ordered.
Channel open to the Telenian, maam.
What do you mean you are my ally? You have pursued us all the way across the Zelinite jamming defensive line, Tamika said with her hands on her hips.
Panru began to explain his motives while the Telenian bridge crew looked on in disbelief of what they were hearing.
Lady Tamika, I do not support your brother. The last time we were together, he began to cut the face of one of his officers in a private meeting. I knew then that I had to break away. I could not do that while in Ackturrian space. That is why I positioned the Telenian closer to the orbit of the Crytore. I knew Jhovahkan would dispatch the closest ship to intercept. The Telenian crew did not even know until just this very moment. We needed to be on the far side of the jamming stations in order to contact you safely. Your brother would have killed me had he known my true feelings.
Tamika replied, How can I be sure you are telling us the truth?
By the mere fact that I have you outgunned and outpaced and have not fired on you. I was in range just before you entered slipstream and delayed firing. I could have taken out your engines back there, and you would be standing before your brother right now, Panru answered.
It is true, maam, the Telenians tactical officer added. I can confirm that what he is saying is true.
What about my brothers mind manipulation and the speech that he gave? It was broadcast to all ships in range, Tamika quizzed.
There are others. The southern clans have all joined together. They do not support this all-out war declaration. It is foolhardy, and it is pure suicide. They got a message out to block the signal to the ships that are in the southern tribe, Panru continued.
Luanren stood off to the side of the bridge and focused her mind on the captain of the Telenian. He is telling the truth. I have probed his mind.
Tamika looked over at her mother. How did you do that? I destroyed your crystal!
I do not know. It just occurred to me that I could do that, Luanren answered, astonished at her own ability.
Captain, Tamikas tactical officer interrupted, we have multiple ships inbound... Zelinite origin.
Panrus tactical officer confirmed the finding, Yes, sir. I have them on my scope as well, three battle cruisers and one destroyer.
Captain, Tamika ordered, as a member of the council, I will assume command of this skirmish.
I yield to your lead, Lady Tamika, Panru said as he bowed to her command.
Turn your ship hard about and come into standard formation, Tamika said. We have them matched one for one on fighters, but they outgun us two to one on weapons.
They have launched fighters, and the cruisers are nearing weapons range. It seems the destroyer is holding back to engage later, Tamika said.
Panru, launch your fighters to engage the incoming ships. Lanatek, launch all our fighters and join up with Panrus. Helm, power up ram shields. Bring us to ramming speed. Initiate delta pattern. We are going after the destroyer first, Tamika said with a firm voice.
Tamika, Panru said from the Telenian, that is suicide. 
Engage the three cruisers and fighters. We will rejoin you from their rear once we have taken out the destroyer. We will not stand a chance until that destroyer is gone, Tamika shouted.
The Crytore and Telenian both launched twenty fighters as they joined together to head off the Zelinite attack.
The Crytore broke off from formation and sped around in a half circle around the main attack fleet. The Telenian opened fire on the approaching cruisers with their main weapons bays, now fully upgraded. The three cruisers returned fire on the Telenian as the two foes closed in on each other. The fighters opened fire on each other with obvious success as the Ackturrian pilots showed more skill and training than the Zelinite fighter pilots. The Ackturrian fighters swooped in and all around, taking out many of the lower-skilled pilots very quickly.
Incoming missiles! the Telenian tactical officer shouted. Brace for impact!
Launch countermeasures! Panru ordered.
The Telenian countermeasures fired, causing three of the inbound missiles to change course; they exploded off the starboard bow, which shook the Telenian. The remaining two missiles hit directly on the forward shields of the Telenian, exploding on impact. The crew of the Telenian was knocked forward as the ship pitched back and forth from the exploding payload, causing her to shudder and groan.
Sir, the tactical officer shouted, shields are down to 80 percent.
Fire all weapons at their lead ship! Panru instructed.
The Telenian fired the three main laser banks while firing the forward torpedo bay at the Zelinite lead cruiser. 
Direct hit, sir! 
Fire again!
More batteries fired from the Telenian and impacted on the lead cruiser once again. The Zelinite ship burst into a massive explosion, sending debris to hurl outward, which caused damage on the other two cruisers in the path of the lead ships destruction. 
That is one down. Change course and circle around for another pass. Get those shield generators back up to full power, Panru said as he sat in the captains chair.
The Crytore closed in on the massive Zelinite destroyer. 
Ram shields at full power, the helm said, turning to Tamika. Nearing ramming speed!
Keep her on course. Steady as she goes. All stations brace for impact! Tamika ordered.
Captain, theyre turning toward us, the helmsman reported.
Keep her on course, mister. We will go through regardless, Tamika said with confidence.
The Zelinite destroyer began to fire all of their main weapons banks at the approaching Crytore. The two ships neared each other on a collision course.
Thirty seconds to impact, the helmsman shouted.
Keep her steady. All stations report, Tamika ordered.
All stations ready for impact, ten, nine, eight, the tactical officer counted.
The forward shields absorbed the weapons fire from the Zelinite destroyer as they neared her target; the ship rocked to and fro with each discharge.
Three, two, one, impact! the tactical officer hollered.
The Crytore connected with the massive destroyer and pierced through the bridge and slid down the length of the ship, causing explosions to erupt at each section. The Crytore buckled as the hull began to tear as the shields weakened. 
Get us outta here, mister! Tamika shouted as some of the ships systems began to fail and exploded on the bridge.
Changing course, the helm replied.
As the Crytore pitched downward, it tore through the rest of the hull, causing the Zelinite destroyer to come apart at every seam. The reactor of the destroyer breached; the massive explosion lit up the entire region of space, sending a shock wave out in all directions. 
Reverse power to the rear shields! Tamika ordered as they exited the hull of what was left of the destroyer. Status report!
We took heavy damage, Captain, The tactical officer informed. Only 20 percent of shield power left. The reactor is intact, but we need to take it off-line soon. We took 20 percent hull damage. Several systems are down. We may not be able to use ram shields until repairs can be made.
You say we may not be able to, but I need to know, can we? Tamika asked.
I do not advise it, maam.
Set course back to the Telenian. Open a channel to Panru, Tamika ordered as the communications officer complied. Panru, what is your status?
One cruiser down. One cruiser heavily damaged. We are holding our own with minimal damage, Panru answered through the com system.
Great! Tamika said with joy in her voice. Set up to ram the least damaged cruiser. We will take out the other one.
Acknowledged, Panru confirmed.
As the Telenian began to set up for ramming speed, the undamaged cruiser turned and powered up its engines to make a getaway. The Zelinite battle cruiser fired their main weapons on their injured comrades ship. The weapons blast finished the job that the Telenian began, exploding the ship in what seemed like millions of pieces as they made their escape. The last of the Zelinite fighters set a collision course with the Crytore for one last blow to the Ackturrian ship. A few fighters were destroyed by the Crytores returning fighters. Three of the fighters collided with the Crytore, which took out the remaining shields, ending the battle with the Zelinites. 
Stand down. All fighters, return to your hangar bay, Tamika once again ordered. All systems, damage report. 
It will take several hours to repair the damage to our shields. The weapons bays have no damage, Lanatek reported. The main reactor needs to be taken off-line for at least two hours. It did sustain minor damage.
Panru, report, Tamika said as she had a com link opened.
 We have minor damage to our shield generators, minor damage to our forward weapons bays, no hull or reactor damage. We lost seven fighters, Panru reported.
You fared better than we did. Our shields are down, we have taken 20 percent hull damage, and we lost ten fighters, Tamika answered. We need to take our reactor down before we can complete repairs. Come around in formation and extend your shields around us. I do not think we have seen the last of them, especially since we let one of them go. They will be back in a few hours with more ships.
Acknowledged, Panru said. Helm, bring us about and form up with the Crytore. Extend shields. 
Aye, aye, sir, the Telenian helmsman said with a lift in his voice.
Sir, we can only extend our shields for two hours before we experience a power drain on our own shields, the tactical officer said.
Tamika, we can give you two hours of shield protection. After that, you will be on your own, Panru said.
Understood. Our repairs are under way. We will advise once we are ready to bring them back up, Tamika said. I think this fleet came from the jamming station we passed by. I wouldnt mind taking a shot at the one they abandoned.
Not so fast, Lady Tamika, Panru said. We need to keep the jamming field up for the time being. With that taken down, Jhovahkan will be able to communicate with me, and he will undoubtedly sense my treason.
Too bad. We really should take the tactical advantage. It is an open target, Tamika said with a certain expectation. But I do see your point. We do not want to expose yourself to my brother at this time. Perhaps it would be wiser to continue to our original objective.
Thank you for hearing me out, Lady Tamika. I am glad I was able to reach you in time, Panru said.
Helm, set course for the Karillian system as soon as we finish the repairs, Tamika said.
 Aye, aye, Captain, the helmsman acknowledged.
The crew of the Crytore spent the next few hours making the necessary repairs to allow the shield generators to pull power from the reactor. After the first two hours, the Telenian had to stop extending their shields or they would risk having their systems fail. With most of the damaged systems repaired, the reactor could be started and the two ships could make their way to the Karillian system.
Begin reactor sequence start. All teams, stand by for initiation checklist, Tamika ordered. Reactor coolant check.
Coolant check good, the engineering team answered.
Injector check.
Injectors all check and locked closed.
Reactor containment field on.
Containment field initialized and check good.
Start coolant flow, 50 percent. Core start sequence. Open core, 10 percent.
Coolant flow now 50 percent. Core open and locked at 10 percent, the engine room confirmed. Monitoring core pressure. Pressure good. Coolant good.
Start sequence initialization passed, Tamika said. Begin engine start.
Ready engine start, the engineer officer confirmed.
Unlock and open injectors 1, 3, and 5.
Confirm, injectors 1, 3, and 5 open.
Unlock and open injectors 2, 4, and 6.
Confirm, injectors 2, 4, and 6 open. All injectors open and primed. Ready for power infusion.
Increase core pressure to 50 percent and begin infusion to power inverter.
As the engineer began the energy transfer from the reactor core through the injectors and finally into the engines, a familiar drone and vibration increased in the Crytore that reverberated on all of her decks. 
Tamika stood from her captains chair and moved to the center of the bridge and closed her eyes. Ah yes, I can feel the engines. A good captain can tell when her ships engines are running at optimal performance. She should feel just like this, she said as she exhaled a sigh of relief. Signal the Telenian. We are ready to get under way.
Aye, aye, Captain, the com officer acknowledged. The Telenian confirms they have set course for the Karillian system.
Full power to the engines. Ready slipstream drive. We are getting out of here, Tamika instructed.
Engines are at full power. Course set for the Karillian system. Slipstream drive is ready at your command, the engineer said.
The Crytore and Telenian both engaged their powerful engines and approached the slipstream threshold. The Crytore began to shudder and shake slightly. 
Something is not quite right, Tamika said curiously. What is that shimmy?
 It could be a slight imbalance with the hull facture, maam, the engineer offered. The shields will hold us together until we can make a complete repair of the hull damage in port.
Well, the tactical officer added, we will have to make it work. The Zelinites are returning, six ships off our port on an intercept course.
Acknowledged, Tamika said. Helm, continue on present course and enter slipstream.
Aye, aye, Captain.
 The Crytore did her best to keep up with the Telenian as the two ships entered into slipstream space. After an hour had passed, the Telenian began to pull away as the injured Crytore struggled to keep up with the Telenians V-5 engine upgrades, which outpowered the Crytore. 
Panru, we are having trouble with our main drive engine. You will have to reduce speed, Tamika said over the open com channel.
Affirmative. I suggest that we drop out of Slipstream and regroup so you can make adjustments to your core output, Panru replied. I think we have traveled far enough away that the Zelinites will not be any threat for a while.
Agreed, Tamika said with confidence. Helm, prepare to leave slipstream space and come to a full stop.
The Crytore crew began to reduce speed and dropped out of slipstream. As the ship slowed and returned to normal space, there was a tremendous noise that made a cracking sound that echoed throughout the entire ship. The Crytore shuddered and shook violently from side to side from the resulting shock wave.
What was that? Tamika shouted.
Captain, we have a situation down here! We have a hull breach and are venting atmosphere down here. The explosion caused one of the injectors to fuse open and has created an imbalance in the reactor core.
Scram the core, shut it down! Tamika ordered with panic in her voice.
I do not know if we can. The reactor is pumping power through that injector into the engines, and it is wide open.
If you cannot stop it, we may have to dump the core! Tamika shouted.
The main engines are on runaway now. Our speed is increasing. We are approaching critical velocity in normal space, the engineer officer answered. 
Captain, the shields have failed. We are continuing to vent atmosphere, the engineer said. We are going to have to jettison the core before it blows!
All hands, Tamika ordered, stand by. Prepare to abandon ship.

* * *
Chapter 8  Ensuing Paradox

Earth
Year: 1983
The four looked on at Helen in amazement.
Yes, that is right, if you and Jhahnahkan do not have a child, I will never be born, Helen said once again.
Is that not already a paradox? Jhahnahkan asked. How could I have been here now and have a child with Kate that eventually will become the offspring that causes you to be born if
Do not try to think of these things in the limited capacity of linear time, Helen interrupted. Those thoughts will make a person crazy.
Still, Kate said, jumping into the conversation, how do you explain it then. It is a paradox.
One has to first understand what time is, Helen answered. Time is most often thought as being linear.
The five of them ventured outside and gathered under the stars around the back of the old womans shack. There was a fire pit and some wood half stacked in a pile. Jhahnahkan gathered some of the wood and placed it in the pit while Helen grabbed some matches and paper for starting the fire. After the fire had been built and began to roar, they all sat together in a semicircle and absorbed the heat of the flames.
Now, Helen began, time is relative to ones experience. The time it took to gather the wood and start this fire for instance. Let us say that gathering the wood is one cause and setting the fire with the match, another cause. The resulting flames are the effect of the cause of gathering the wood and setting fire with the paper and lighting it with the match. This is all thought of as linear time. The effect, the flames, cannot occur before the cause of gathering the wood and setting it with the match. Now there is also physiological time. This is referred to as how time is perceived by a person. For instance, if you grabbed and held on to one of those red-hot rocks for ten seconds, it would seem like a lot longer than ten seconds. If Kate kissed Jhahnahkan for that same amount of time, it would seem like it was a lot faster than it really was. It is all how we perceive that time. Helen continued. The old saying is A watched pot never boils. But if you look away for just a moment, it boils over.
Jhahnahkan, nodding his head, said, Yes, that makes sense to me. But that does not explain how your being born cannot occur before the cause of Kate bearing my child if you are already here now. How can my child being born cause your birth when you are my grandmother?
That is because time is not only linear but it is both linear and it is circular, Helen said with a smile. 
 Glenda scratched her head and said, Youre givin me a headache listening to this. I really dont understand... what is circular time?
Helen stood and slowly walked around the fire in a circle and then stopped where she began. Right now is the end of all that has been, she said, pointing behind her. Right now is the beginning of that shall be. She continued as she then pointed in front of her. Then she faced the group and pointed down to the ground with both hands pointing at her feet. Right now is the beginning and the end.
Wow, Glenda said with awe, that is really heavy.
Helen returned a smile at Glenda and continued, Time, as we experience it, is a straight line. But time, being also circular, occurs all at the same time. So your brother and sister are living in one point in time while, at the same time, we are living here in this time. They occur simultaneously, but we experience it like an arrow being shot at a target. We perceive ourselves at some point on the path between the bow and the target.
So the crystal that John brought back with him is the means to travel to another point in the circle, Rex said as a matter of fact. Just like when you walked around the fire in a circle.
Ah, Rex, Helen said, looking at the old man, you understand. You are very smart if you can grasp this concept.
Ah shucks, maam, Rex said with a slight blush, I aint all that.
Dont be silly, Rex, Glenda said as she patted him on the back. 
Listen to what your friend says, Rex, Helen said. You have and will have an impact on the outcome of this quest.
I don know what ya mean. Im just an old drunk that wasted his life on just doing nothing, Rex said, looking down at the ground. Ive only done things for myself, never for others.
You will, Rex, Helen said, looking deep into the old mans eyes, you will.
Helen, Jhahnahkan started, if time is circular and all things are happening at the same time at some point in the circle, how can those time events be changed?
Changing an event has never been done before, Helen answered. But we have to try. Our very existence depends on it.
But changing an event in the circle of time, Kate said, may cause even worse results, couldnt it?
There is that risk, honey, Helen said to Kate. But enough of this talk. It is making me have a headache now. She said this while looking at Glenda, giving her a half smile and a wink.
Helen took the crystal shard out from her tattered garment and held it out before her, closed her eyes, and concentrated on the piece of crystal. The crystal began to glow a bright green color that shimmered in the moonlight. The gleaming light started to create the sound of shimmering harmonics so familiar to Ackturra but foreign to Earth.
Ooh, Glenda and Rex said almost simultaneously. 
That sound is so nice, Rex added.
Glenda held Rexs hand and closed her eyes. Its beautiful.
Kate and Jhahnahkan held each other in their arms and soaked up the soft resonances caused by the power crystal fragment.
Now, Helen said in an almost trancelike state, I need each one of you to help. 
Helen stood and moved a few feet away from the fire. I need each one to gather around me and join hands. Jhahnahkan, you stand before me and face away.
The four followed Helens instructions and gathered beside her. Glenda and Rex stood on her left while Kate stood on her right. 
I am going to open up a vortex for Jhahnahkan to step through. I need everyone to help concentrate and help Jhahnahkan focus on where he dropped the crystal. Once you step through, I will have to close the vortex.
Kate looked over at Helen. I know what you are going to do, she said. You are going to destroy that fragment.
Yes, Kate, Helen said while continuing to focus with her eyes closed. He is going to have to find the pure crystal and use it to return to us, but we cannot risk infecting the pure crystal by exposing it to this fragment.
But he had the fragment all along. Wouldnt it be already infected? Glenda asked.
It is possible, Helen said, answering Glenda. But it was only exposed for a very short time while he traveled back in the vortex.
No, I will not let you destroy it. It is too beautiful, Kate said, looking over at Helen.
Do not worry, Kate. It will be okay. It is the power of the corrupt crystal that is making you feel that way.
No, it is alive. We cannot kill it. That is wrong, Kate said as she welled up with tears.
Kate is right, my grandmother, Jhahnahkan said. We will use the pure crystal to heal the infection. I know we can. I can feel it within me.
Two crystals would be better than one, Rex said.
Ditto, Glenda said in agreement.
Helen continued to focus on the crystal before her. I am sensing that this fragment understands. It is telling me that it feels our empathy. It understands what is wrong. It wants to be whole again. Very well, little crystal, we will try to make you better, she said as if talking directly to the fragment.
I want to go with Jhahnahkan, Kate said. He may need my help returning.
No, Kate, he will not need help. That crystal is much more powerful. He can create the vortex on his own. Do not go with him. I sense danger.
As Helen concentrated on the vortex to open, the sound of rushing wind began to intensify. The area began to shoot lightning, and claps of thunder sounded, and the wind rushed past them as the vortex opened up before Jhahnahkan. The swirling cloud that surrounded the black opening spiraled inward to the center of the vortex ring, seeming to never end. The force of the vortex pulled on Jhahnahkan, and he began to walk toward the opening. As he stepped through the vortex and started to become enveloped by its force, Kate leaped toward Jhahnahkan, grabbing his waist. 
No! Helen cried.
She tried to reach out and grab Kate to stop her from entering the vortex, but the two of them disappeared through the whirlwind as it collapsed and vanished almost as fast as it had appeared. 

* * *
Earth
Year: 1983
Sheriff Matson stumbled through the dark field, leaving his broken squad car behind. He was dazed and confused, wondering what he had just seen that caused him to veer off the road. He was miffed that his fugitives had escaped his pursuit. He felt like crying with sorrow or screaming with anger and didnt know which one would make him better accept the fact of where he was right nowalone and walking aimlessly under the night sky. He didnt even know if he was going in the right direction but continued to move, thinking he would run into the road soon. He thought to himself that it cant be that far back to the road, but being already confused of the events that unfolded, he pressed onward.
The sheriff walked for over an hour and continued to stumble and trip on the uneven ground beneath his feet. He stopped for a moment, thinking that he heard something out in front of him. The calm of the night was soon interrupted by a great rushing wind followed by the opening of a vortex just a few yards from where he stood. He watched as two people fell through the opening. One stumbled, and the other was holding on to his waist. The two fell to the ground and rolled over on top of each other, and then the vortex closed behind them.
Sheriff Matson crouched down and hid below the tall grass as the two gathered themselves back on their feet. He pulled his gun and aimed it at Jhahnahkan and then stood up, showing himself to the pair.
Freeze! Matson ordered. One move and Ill put a hole in ya.
The two froze and turned toward the sheriff.
Oh crap! Kate said. Sheriff, where did you come from?
I don know who you are or where you come from, mister, the sheriff began, but youre not getting away from me this time. Matson began to make his way closer to the couple. Youre a pretty strange one, makin them things appear and disappear, and Im gonna find out what you are if its the last thing I do.
The sheriff tripped on a rock, causing him to go off-balance. Jhahnahkan took advantage of the moment and reached out in front of him. The crystal that had been lying on the ground flew into the air. He grabbed the crystal in midair and swung around to point it at the sheriff when Sheriff Matsons gun shot at Jhahnahkan. 
No! Kate shouted as the gun fired. She could feel her heart beating out of her chest with adrenaline as she leaped in front of him as if to shield her lover from being hit by the bullet. The bullet from the gun pierced Kate in the lower abdomen, and Kate fell to the ground and started to bleed from her wound.
The sheriff paused in shock as if he had never shot his revolver before. Jhahnahkan looked up at the stunned Matson, and with anger in his eyes, he tightly squeezed the crystal in his one hand and lifted his other arm out in front of him. A wave of energy left his extended arm and shot out at the sheriff, causing him to hurl backward into the air for several yards. Matson eventually landed flat on his back; he continued to roll backward head over heels, which knocked the breath out him. 
Jhahnahkan knelt down beside Kates bleeding body and picked her up in his arms. With tears in his eyes, he concentrated on creating the vortex and focused on the groups location. The vortex opened, and he stepped through, and the two exited back to where they left moments before. The whirlwind closed behind the two. 
Glenda, Rex, and Helen all rushed over to Jhahnahkan. Glenda gasped in terror, seeing that her friend Kate had been shot. 
Come on, Helen instructed. Bring her inside and let us have a look.
She lit a lantern to illuminate the small shack while Jhahnahkan set her on the table. 
Can we use the crystal to heal her like you did with Johns ribs? Glenda asked.
Healing ribs is one thing. Healing internal organs from a bullet is yet quite another, Helen answered with skepticism.
She took the crystal from Jhahnahkan and passed it over Kates wound several times. There, she said, the bleeding has stopped, but the bullet is still in there. She is going to need to have surgery to have that taken out.
No, Kate said in a weak voice, you cannot risk taking me to the hospital. They will ask too many questions.
Shh, now, Kate, Jhahnahkan said with a comforting tone as he stroked her hair.
Hes right, honey, Glenda said. That wound is in a very bad place. If its not fixed, it could prevent you from having children.
The paradox has occurred, Helen said with a shock. This is what I was trying to say before she went in. This is the paradox. I do not know how much time I have left before the effects of this catches up to us. 
I will take her to the hospital, Jhahnahkan said. There is still time to prevent the paradox. 
Go then, Helen instructed. We shall all stay here and wait for your return. 

* * *
Earth
Year: 1983
Phillmore General Hospital
Jhahnahkan carried Kate in his arms as he ran through the emergency room entrance at Phillmore General. This was a fairly small hospital that had served the community for many years. There was a staff of three nurses on the night shift and one country doctor that had only treated the latest influenza as being the most severe case he had seen in many weeks. He can sew up a tear in someones flesh from a farming accident but has never seen a bullet wound.
Please help us! Jhahnahkan cried out in a frantic voice. She has been shot. He tried his best to hold back his tears.
The nurses took action and brought out a gurney for him to lay her on. They wheeled her back to a room, and as Jhahnahkan followed, one of the nurses turned and pressed her hand on his chest.
Hold up there, cowboy. Only immediate family can go back with her.
John, Kate said faintly, do not leave me.
Jhahnahkan placed his hand on the side of the nurses temple and said to her in a comforting voice, It is all right. You can let me back.
Its okay, you can go back, sir, the nurse said in compliance.
Jhahnahkan made his way to the room where Kate was. The country doctor entered the room and took a look at the way Jhahnahkan was dressed. 
You just come from a costume party or something? he asked as he looked at Kate. Well, what happened here?  You two running from the law?  Howd she get this bullet wound?
Just fix her up, Doctor, Jhahnahkan said as he touched him at the same place as the nurse. Do not ask questions. Just take care of her.
Well, she is going to need surgery, the doctor said. Afraid Ive never performed that kind of surgery.
Can you do it? Jhahnahkan asked.
Lets get an X-ray to see where that bullet is first, the doctor ordered.
The doctor turned and placed his hand on Jhahnahkans shoulder and let him know that he would need to go into the waiting room while they took the X-rays.
Jhahnahkan complied and stepped over to Kate and kissed her on the forehead, squeezed her hand, and reassured her that he would be back shortly. Kate lifted her head slightly off the pillow and faked a smile back at him, and as she gave him a wink, she rested her head back down and closed her eyes. Jhahnahkan couldnt hold back the tears any longer; as he turned to leave the room, he wept openly. 
Jhahnahkan paced the floor for a time, and then he sat in one of the chairs and placed his hands on his head. He waited for what seemed like hours, but was in reality only forty minutes, before the doctor came back out. The doctor pulled up a chair and sat next to him holding a clipboard.
Im afraid Kate will need surgery. We will have to transport her to the main hospital at Rosemont. I just dont have the qualifications to perform the surgery here.
Where was the bullet lodged? Jhahnahkan choked back as he wiped the tears from his eyes.
The bullet grazed her uterus, but we cant find the bullet. We can see the path of entry, but there is no exit wound.
Are you certain, Doctor?  No bullet?
Yes, there is no bullet. Strangest thing too. Never seen anything like it, the doctor said while stroking his chin. At this point, were going to have the surgeon open her up and repair any damaged organs and make sure there isnt any internal bleeding.
Can I go with her?
I am afraid not. There just isnt enough room in the ambulance. Youre going to have to make your own way there. 
I want to see her, Jhahnahkan said sternly. 
Of course, the doctor said as he motioned the way. Follow me.
The two entered the room where Kate was resting. Jhahnahkan looked at her lifeless-looking body lying on the table. He looked up at the doctor with a worried look on his face. What is wrong with her?  Why is she not awake?
We had to sedate her to make her more comfortable. Dont worry, shes going to be fine. Well take good care of her.
The ambulance technicians came into the room and transferred Kate to their gurney, strapped her down securely, and wheeled her off to the emergency exit where the ambulance was waiting to take her to the Rosemont Hospital across the county.
Jhahnahkan stood outside the Phillmore Hospital and watched as the ambulance began to drive off with full lights flashing and its sirens blaring. As the sounds of the sirens faded with each passing moment, he turned and began to walk in the opposite direction where he could find a secluded place to open up the vortex. He needed to be with Kate, but he also needed to return to his friends and let them know what was happening. He turned down a dark alley and walked partway down and out of sight of the street. He looked around to ensure he was alone as he reached into his cloak and pulled out the crystal from within.
As he closed his eyes to concentrate on the crystal, he couldnt keep his mind off Kate. His inability to focus prohibited him from opening up the vortex. He started to see images of his experiences at the council chamber just before he left for the Crystal Caverns. He saw the images of the old woman and smiled as he now understood who she was. Then he remembered unrolling the scroll and saw the printed words that were written. Jhahnahkan concentrated even harder to open the vortex, but his mind was still occupied not only with Kate and his concern for her health but also of images that continued to pour into this mind. He again saw his father as he began stepping out of the vortex when he was returning to the council chamber and then watching his father being murdered by his brother as he was pulled back into the vortex. 
Then he began to hear a voice in his head, a voice that was so very familiar to him.

* * *
Earth
Helens Place
Year: 1983
Helen and her two new companions sat around the fire pit as they watched the fire dwindle down to coals. All that was left were the hot embers that gave off a red glow under the night sky. Dawn was only a few minutes away as they had been awake for hours waiting for any news from Jhahnahkan. Helen continued to hold the small green crystal fragment in her hands. She held her eyes closed and concentrated on trying to understand the infection that had overtaken the crystal. 
Glenda and Rex sat close together with a blanket wrapped around them to keep them warm. Rex had a new look on his face. He had a new sense of purpose and felt, for the first time in a very long time, good about himself. Glenda, also feeling a sense of well-being, sat quiet with her eyes closed. She was concentrating with the old woman and on the crystal as if she was trying to help Helen gain the knowledge that she sought. 
Glenda, Helen spoke, what is it you seek? 
I only wish to be of help, maam.
We all can help, Helen replied. You must understand that you and I have more in common than you may think.
I can sense a connection, Glenda said with her eyes still closed.
Good, feel the presence of the crystal. Concentrate on the fragment. Convey to it that you want to help, the old woman instructed.
Yes, Glenda said, yes, I feel the connection.
Rex, you too can help. Just open your mind. Feel the connection like Glenda has.
Rex began to concentrate with his eyes closed. Tears started to well up under his eyelids, and then a tear fell down his left cheek. He held Glenda closer to him as he continued to weep softly.
Ive never felt this way before. I dont know whats coming over me, he said softly.
Just let the emotions loose, Rex. You are ready to make the connection. Keep focused on the crystal and what the ailment is deep inside.
As the sun rose over the horizon, the three became even more connected. The sun shone down on the crystal, and all at once, they were enveloped by a shimmering green-and-white light that sparkled all around them. They were all transported, within their minds, to a brilliantly lit place of dazzling luster. The place was so real-looking to the three that they all let out a gasp as they stood together in the center of what appeared to be a sphere. They each stood in the sphere facing the center. In the center of the place they were standing was a green iridescent shape that formed before them. Helen reached out and touched the shape and then withdrew her hand. 
You must understand, the crystal said in a deep-sounding voice, we mean no one harm. It is only good we wish.
We know, Helen answered. We know the crystals have been infected. We wish to understand what it was that happened so we can help you.
You must know that it has been a very long time. I do not understand how you are able to reach me. The corruption that had taken over this shard has now begun to leave, but there is so much you do not understand about us.   
Glenda and Rex gazed in awe at the experience that was happening. They both couldnt quite understand what it was they were really seeing. 
It is the pure minds of the Terrens that has begun to cleanse this fragment, and the center of this crystal is where my essences resides. I am now being released from the imprisonment of the infection, the entity projected with its mind.
Of course, Helen exclaimed, that is why the pure crystal chose this place to bring usto discover the pure power of the untrained mind of our ancestors.
Your ancestors? Glenda said with confusion.
Listen closely, my friends, the fragment said.
Glenda, Rex, and Helen all continued to concentrate on the small crystal.
Let me tell you the secret of the crystal, the entity said.
Go on then, Helen answered with curiosity. Tell us what it is you would have us know.
The entity continued, We are many, but we are one. We are all connected, yet separate.
What do you mean? Helen asked.
There is one intelligence. We reside in many crystals, all interconnected.
 Yes, Helen said, I am beginning to understand.
The voice of the entity began to sound weakened and diminished as the infection inside the crystal left.
I am dying, the crystal tried to convey. The infection kept me alive. Without that, we will die. My essence will leave this fragment. You must find a way to remove the infection without harming us. It has been so long. I do not know how to remain here without it.
Helen jumped back and opened her eyes and saw the green glow of the crystal slowly fade. No, she exclaimed, you must not die. We need more information.
Glenda and Rex both opened their eyes and gazed upon the diminishing crystal and began to cry with sorrow.
No, Glenda and Rex both said. They came over to Helen and touched the crystal and helped cup the crystal fragment. The fragment was not completely dim; there remained a slight glow, but it was very faint.
 It is still alive, Helen said. It is very weak. We must find a way to keep it alive and to restore its health.
Heat! Rex suddenly exclaimed. It needs to be heated!
Rex took a log out of the fire, which still had glowing embers. He picked up a pointed stone from the ground and carved out a place just large enough to place the fragment in. Helen, now understanding what Rex was doing, placed the fragment on the carved log and covered the top with more glowing embers from the fire. The glow of the fragment slightly increased but was still not the full brilliance that it once was.
Helen began to concentrate once again on the fragment but was not able to make complete contact with the entity. I know it is not well, but I think the heat is helping, Rex. 
Glenda leaned over the glowing log and let some of her tears drop down into the glowing embers. The tears made a sound of liquid being dribbled on a hot frying pan as steam rose up. The three of them could smell the steam as it rose into the air. 
I wanted to let the entity know that we cared for it, Glenda said as she continued to sob.
Yes, Helen said, it knows. It is fighting to remain alive.
Thats about all we can do for now, Rex said.
We need to keep close to it so it knows we are still here, Helen said.
Somehow I think it will be all right, Glenda said.
You are learning to reach into your feelings, both of you, Helen said, looking at the two.
Glenda and Rex looked into each others eyes and saw the tears. They embraced and wept on each others shoulders for the injured entity. Helen joined them and hugged both of them as they continued to concentrate on helping the fragment return to full health.
They returned to the fire pit and fed the fire just enough to keep the glowing embers burning.
Glenda turned to Helen and asked, What did you mean when you said Your ancestors?
Well, Helen answered, I think it is time you knew.
Rex sat by the fire and stirred the embers with a stick. I think I know what youre about to say. Its something Jhahnahkan said to me when I first picked him up.
We are related, my dear, The old woman said. We all come from the same place. Long ago, our descendants came from the fourth planet. They fled to this planet after they destroyed their world. The wars never really quite finished, and it was decided that the two factions would separate so they would never destroy another world again. We left here and eventually made our new home on Ackturra. Have not you wondered why we look so much alike?
The thought did cross my mind, Glenda said.
We kept the knowledge of the ancients while this tribe chose to leave those teachings behind. Afraid that they would not be able to use them wisely, they abandoned the knowledge forever. When we found the crystals and started to use them, we advanced our technology, and that is who we are todayuntil the Zelinites came and tried to take the crystals away and use them for evil. They decided that if they could not have them, then we could not either. In their evil, they thought that if they infected the crystals, we would freely give them up and would not want them any longer, but their plan backfired. We wanted them even more. The infection within the crystal would also infect us, but I was never infected. My crystal was not infected. I still do not understand how that came to be, but we must try to repair the damage our enemy has done, to restore the crystal to its natural state and correct this wrong.
* * *
Ackturra: Year 2983
High Council Camber
Brother, oh, brother, Jhovahkan said as he sat on the floor of the council chamber, brother, I know you are out there. I know you can hear me, my brother. I will find you. I murdered our father. You saw that. I know you did. Come back my, brother. Return to the council chamber, and we will make it right.
The familiar echoes of Jhovahkans voice pierced the mind of Jhahnahkan as he tried to focus on creating the vortex. Jhahnahkans mind continued to drift on thoughts of Kate, but they were overtaken by the sound of his brothers voice. He is trying to find me, Jhahnahkan thought. I must limit my use of the crystal or he will find out where I am. 
Jhahnahkan put the crystal back inside his cloak and went back out to the street to try and find a ride to Rosemont Hospital. He couldnt stay away from Kate any longer.
* * *

Chapter 9  The Zelinite

Crytore Brige
Year: 2983
Tamika called down to the engineering room once again, I need a status on your situation.
We are still venting atmosphere, the engineer shouted. We have begun emergency protocols. All team members have put on life suits. We are trying to stop the plasma flow into the engines.
Evacuate Engineering and close the forward and rear bulkheads. Isolate that compartment so we can stop the air leak, Tamika said anxiously.
Captain, Lanatek said, the ships hull will not withstand these speeds without shields. We must jettison the core before it is too late.
Lanatek, Tamika said, take the con. I am going down to Engineering to lend a hand. I suggest we all get into our life suits just in case.
Tamika left the bridge and began to make her way to Engineering. She knew how the ship was constructed. She understood the urgency of getting back to safe speeds.
Tamika had lost a close friend several years ago in a similar accident where the ships engines ran away. Her best friend was on board in the training ground when she heard the cries of that crew as the ship burst apart, causing the plasma core to rupture. 
The devastating explosion was seen by many, and the shock wave was felt across many sectors before the wave finally diminished in power. She fully knew what had to be done: eject the core and use braking thrusters to bring the Crytore to a full stop. Only then could the hull breach be repaired. She would have to rely on the crew of the Telenian to circle back for a full rescue. After the core was jettisoned, they would have only backup power that would only sustain them for a few hours and only for critical systems. Tamika reached over to a control panel and pressed a few buttons, causing the gravity units at her current deck to turn off. She could make better time without the constraints of the artificial gravity. She began to float up, turning horizontal to the deck, and pushed off the bulkhead, causing her to fly down the long passage, making her way to the end of the ship where the core was located. She came to the end of the corridor and pressed the button to activate the entrance. The door made a swooshing sound as it slowly rolled open. Tamika stepped over the threshold and into the engineering room. Returning to artificial gravity, she planted her feet firmly on the deck.
Here, Engineering Officer Lemus said as he handed Tamika a life suit, put this on in case these bulkheads collapse under the stress.
Tamika took the suit and began to put it on. We will have to go inside the core room to unlock the clamps in order to eject the reactor core.
We better make it fast. I do not know how much more stress this hull will take with that breach and no shields, Lemus said with obvious concern in his voice.
The two helped each other with the technical aspects of the life suits. They were bulky looking with the air packs on the front that were integrated into the suit. This prevented the need for air hoses that could get caught on objects. Each arm had a control panel fully equipped with a small view screen for communication as well as various other buttons that controlled the other functions of the suit. The helmet was equipped with a heads-up display that could be used to tie into the main ships computer systems. Once they were properly outfitted, they entered the air lock and sealed the door behind. The engineering crew that remained outside the air lock controlled the air pressure needed to equalize the air lock to the leaking atmosphere in the main core room. The door made no sound as it began to roll open, allowing them access. Lemus exited first followed by Tamika, who turned and faced the crew that was looking on through the special glass that isolated the core room from the engineering control room. She gave them a thumbs-up, which signaled them to seal off the air lock behind them. 
Lemus, Tamika ordered, you know what we have to do.
Lemus gave her a nod and headed to the first locking clamp on the left side of the core while Tamika made her way over to the right side of the core to the second clamp. As she traversed her way, she looked up at the gaping hole in the ships hull. 
Well, I see the problem, Tamika said, pointing up. That must have been when we rammed the Zelinite destroyer. Guess our shield generator needs a little adjustment to prevent that from happening again.
They both arrived at their target clamp and opened the control access panel, which revealed a set of indicator lights that glowed green and had a silver ring positioned on the end of a cylinder that was slightly recessed below the indicators. They each began to manually release the core locking clamps by first grabbing the ring and pulling up until the first green indicator changed to yellow. Then by turning the ring counterclockwise ninety degrees, the indicator would then change to red. The final step was to push the ring back down flush with the cylinder, finally turning the second indicator light to red. 
There, Tamika said with confidence, that takes care of number 1 and 2 clamps.
Lemus returned another thumbs-up to confirm that his clamp was released. As they moved to the second set of clamps, Tamika pressed her com link on her arm control. Lanatek, signal the Telenian to circle around for a pickup. We are going to need them to collect our core once the plasma has been purged.
Yes, maam, Lanatek answered through the com link, they are waiting a short distance away for safety.
Good, Tamika acknowledged.
The two followed the same procedure for the second set of clamps, and both confirmed success by exchanging smiles through their helmets.
Now, Lemus said, just one more final clamp located on the top of the reactor core at the front.
I will go, Tamika said to Lemus.
 Tamika made her way to the final clamp and climbed the side ladder to the top of the cylindrical reactor tube that paralleled horizontally down the center of the room. 
Once Tamika reached the access panel, she let out a gasp as she discovered that a piece of hull fell onto the control panel and broke the silver ring off the control.
We are going to have a little problem with this one, Tamika said, calling to Lemus. Bring a laser autovise and an ionic lever so we can get ahold of this clamping ring. The ring has been broken off.
Lemus gathered the requested tool kits and carried them to Tamika. He set them on the top of the cylinder and opened the kits and handed the first tool to Tamika. The laser autovise was a laser vise-gripping device that could be used to grab and hold objects with great force. Tamika placed the tool and positioned the laser on the broken handle. She switched on the autovise and turned up the gain power to securely hold the base to the surface to prevent any movement and then fired the autovise onto where the ring should have been. Lemus handed her the ionic lever, which was used like a high-tech crowbar that could attach to laser beams and then bend them.
Tamika took the ionic lever and positioned it three-quarters of the way up the laser autovises beam. The ionic lever surrounded the laser beam with a shimmering blue light. Using both hands, she pulled with all her might to pull up the locking cylinder. The ionic lever began to slip through Tamikas gloves. Lemus put his gloved hands around Tamikas to help her stabilize the ionic lever. The two of them pulled as hard as they could. Finally, they unlocked the clamp and then turned the cylinder to the fully unlocked position. When Tamika turned off the ionic lever and the autovise, the cylinder fell into the reseated position, which switched both indicator lights to red.
Come on, Tamika shouted into her com system, we need to get out of here before we eject the core. We do not want to be pulled out with it.
Right! Lemus acknowledged as the two made their way to the air lock.
Open the air lock door. We are finished here. Prepare to jettison the core on my command, Tamika ordered.
The air lock door slowly opened, allowing the two to exit the core room. The air lock closed behind them, and they began to hear a swoosh of air in the chamber as it equalized to the engineering control room. The outer door opened as the two removed their life suit helmets and looked into the core chamber room.
Now! Tamika shouted. Eject the core!
The Crytore began to shake and shimmy as they reached their highest critical velocity. The hull made loud groaning noises and then a large explosion as the core ejecting bolts fired in succession at each clamp. The core started to move down the end of the ship. The emergency core jettison port opened at the rear of the ship, and the core exited the Crytore followed by a tremendous explosion a few thousand meters behind the ship as the Crytore continued to hurl through space. 
Lanatek fired the reverse thrusters to slow the ship back to safe levels while the shock wave of the exploded plasma core approached the Crytore from the rear.
Brace for impact! Lanatek ordered from the bridge.
Hold on! Tamika shouted.
The shock wave came in contact with the Crytore and enveloped the entire ship with an energy wave. The ship rocked and jostled back and forth as the bridge team attempted to maintain a positive attitude to the wave. 
We are getting some very high levels of tachyon readings inside this energy beam, Lanatek reported.
Tamika returned to the bridge with Lemus. She headed over to the science station to have a look for herself at the strange readings Lanatek had reported. Open a channel to the Telenian, she ordered.
They are not there, Captain, the com officer said. They were out there a minute ago and then nothing.
Tactical, any sign of debris?  Could they have been in the way of that explosion?
No, maam, they were well out the path of the explosion. I suppose they could have been knocked back by the shock wave, but I do not see any readings of any kind from the Telenian.
The energy wave had now depleted and no longer had any effect on the Crytore. Tamika started to make preparations for their survival.
 Okay, Tamika began, start shutting down all nonessential systems. We need to preserve our energy supply for as long as we can. That means any system we do not need for navigation or life support.
The crew followed Tamikas orders and started to shut down lights, artificial gravity, and only kept basic environmental settings. 
Helm, I need to you find us a place to set down. We only have a few hours of reserve power. The rest of you gather together all supplies and stock the crew transport, shuttles, and fighters. If we do not find a suitable place to land, we will be forced to abandon the ship. I will remain, as the captains duty, last on board. Mother, this means you too. You need to get yourself off this ship with the others.
 I will not leave my daughter behind. I am staying with you to the end, Luanren sternly answered.
Tamika only gave her mother a stare for a moment and then turned to address other matters, knowing full well that she would lose that fight.
Helm, have you found anything yet? Do you have any coordinates or a heading to program?
Not yet, Captain, the Helmsman answered with a look of concern. However, I do have a ship on an intercept course. It is of an unknown ship design.
Increase scanning power. Can you put it on the view screen?
Yes, Ill have it in a moment.
The helmsman continued to fine-tune his instruments, and an image began to appear on the view screen, but the image was fuzzy and a little blurry. 
Can you clean that up any?
One more adjustment, the helmsman said. There.
 The crew of the Crytore stood on the bridge, looking at the view screen in confusion.
If I am not mistaken, Tamika stated, that is an ancient star cruiser. In fact, that is an ancient Zelinite star cruiser!  What is that doing out here?
I do not know, maam, Lanatek answered. But I do know that if they are on their way to intercept us, we have no defenses or weapons without our core power. We are sitting ducks. Even with their outdated weapons, we are no match.
 All right then, Tamika ordered, abandon the ship. We have about seventy-five as our crew complement. With the remaining fighters, the crew transport, and the two shuttles, everyone has a seat. My mother and I will remain last and will escape with my shuttle. We will make our way to the Karillian system as a unit. Once you get in range, put out a distress call and have one of them send out a rescue ship. We will rendezvous at Karillia.
But, maam, Lanatek began.
 This is not up for debate, Lanatek. You will be in charge of the fleet. Just ensure they make it safely. Mother, you and I will plant charges on the ship and will blow it so they will not gain the technology.
Luanren gave her daughter a nod of approval. If we can do it just right, we may get lucky and take them out with it, Luanren said.
We can only hope, but I do not plan on sticking around too long. Okay, everyone get busy. Theyre getting closer.
Still, Tamika quizzed, that does not explain how a ship that has not been on any roster for over a thousand years is out here.
And it looks like it is in pretty good shape for as old as it appears to be, Luanren added.
The crew prepared the evacuation in record time. Once they left the ship, they made their way to the Karillian system with Lanatek in charge of the convoy. Tamika and her mother finished setting the charges along the critical section of the Crytore. Their hope was that the Zelinite ship would see them as disabled with no power and come in for a closer look. They would wait for them in Tamikas shuttle. When the time was right, they would power up all their systems, exit the Crytore, and throw the switch, setting off the explosives. Their hope was to catch their foe off guard, and with the destruction of the Crytore, they would take out or significantly damage the cruiser. Then they could make their getaway and join the rest of the convoy.
The Zelinite cruiser stopped just outside the range of the Crytore. Tamika and Luanren monitored the ancient ships movements inside her shuttle, only using minimal power so as to not alert the approaching enemy. 
Luanren whispered to her daughter, They stopped Looks like they might not take the bait just yet.
Why are you whispering? Tamika whispered back.
I do not know, Luanren again whispered.
Look, they launched a shuttle, Tamika said in a normal voice. We did not anticipate that. They are going to board her to have a look.
Once they make the open shuttle bay, we will be trapped, Luanren said with panic.
Power up engines... full throttle. We need to get out of here, Tamika said as she activated her shuttle systems.
As Tamika and Luanren exited the shuttle at full power, they turned away from the approaching enemy, set off the charges, and began to speed away.
Shields are not activating. We took too much damage when we docked, Luanren said.
Three fighters exited the Zelinite ship and approached their damaged shuttle. The charges went off, causing the Crytore to fire its explosives at all the strategic places they had set. The ship began to light up like a Christmas tree as it broke into three sections. The separated sections drifted apart and then exploded, causing the Crytore to disintegrate into millions of bits, scattering debris in all directions.
The Zelinite shuttle was hit by a large section during the explosion, causing it to burst into flames, and then it too exploded. The flames lasted only seconds as the air that the fire needed burned up quickly. This left the bulk of the Zelinite shuttle spiraling out of control, and then it crashed into what little that remained of the Crytore. The two pilots and a small complement of Zelinite soldiers were hurled out into space and killed by its vacuum. 
The cruiser was rocked sideways by the shock wave of the exploding Crytore but quickly resumed control and appeared to not have sustained any damage. The ship turned and began to pursue Tamikas shuttle with the three fighters quickly surrounding them.
Tamika changed course with one last chance to evade their pursuers, but one of the fighter pilots aimed and shot its laser blasters at their engines and knocked the power out of the shuttle.
Well, Tamika said, looking at her mother, it has been a rather bad day. 
I would agree with that, but I do not like stating the obvious, Luanren answered. And I think it is going to get worse before it gets any better, my dear.
The fighters who captured the shuttle with a tractor beam escorted the two back to the docking bay of the Zelinite ship. 
Once inside, two soldiers approached their shuttle. Tamika and Luanren tried to see what they looked like, but the shuttle glass was fogged up just enough to prevent them from seeing their adversaries.
One of the soldiers held up a hypnotic controlling mesmerizerdevice and fired it at the two, causing both of them to fall into unconsciousness.
* * *
Zelinte Ship
Interrogations
Tamika slowly began to wake up from the stun the Zelinite had put her under. She was dazed and confused. Her head was covered by a cloak, and her arms and legs were fastened to the chair by some type of beam that caused tingling at each point of her body where it was holding her. She heard someone rustling around. The room was cold and damp. She could hear a constant hissing sound as steam was being released into the room. 
She thought to herself that this was a bad situation, being captured by the Zelinite. They will surely kill me after they obtain any knowledge, she thought. More concerning was that she didnt feel the presence of her mother in the same room. What have they done with her?  She began to get restless, and she began to moan and groan the more the stun wore off.
Well, well, well, the Zelinite said, I see you are finally waking up. Good. Tell me who you are and where you came from? 
Take this bag off of my head first. I wish to see my captors.
Very well, the Zelinite said as he reached over and pulled off the hood that had been covering Tamika. 
The room was dim, and her eyes needed a few moments to adjust to this low light.
Now, he continued, tell me what I want to know.
Tell me your name first. We have a custom to address our enemy by our first names.
My name is Milanaka, he said with a proud voice, captain of this vessel, and your name?
Tamikas eyes finally became acclimated to the dim-lit room. She looked at her captor, Milanaka, and for the first time, she found herself face-to-face staring at a Zelinite.
Milanaka had now sat in front of Tamika in a tall-backed chair that was padded with leather-looking material. He had a bulky torso, and his arms were small and spindly as were his legs. He had an exo-muscular structure and appeared to be very strong in nature. His arms and legs were dotted with thick black hair, which had the appearance of very large fly hairs. His head was narrow with his eyes appearing on the sides of his face, giving him excellent peripheral vision. His jaw was jagged and protruded, giving him a large underbite. The muscles that covered his body were the color of reddish black. He was wearing a vest that looked more like an overcoat that covered his shoulders and flowed down below the back of his knees.
My name is Tamika of the royal house of S, she answered with just as much pride in her voice as her captor. What right do you have to take me prisoner?
Well, Tamika of the royal house of S, Milanaka said in a sarcastic voice, you are my prisoner because you tried to destroy my ship. He leaned closer to Tamikas face as he finished.
Tamika could barely stand the stench coming out of the Zelinites mouth, causing her to cough a couple of times. Do you not know who I am? she coughed out. We are at war.
War? Milanaka asked, leaning back, giving Tamika some breathing room. What do you mean war?  With who?
 With Ackturra, Tamika said with sternness.
With Ackturra? Milanaka said with a troubling voice. We are not at war with Ackturra. We are on a peaceful mission of trade. We are on our way there right now, in fact. We seek the power crystals. He finished speaking with glee in his voice.
If you are on a peaceful mission, then why a military ship?
Space is a dangerous place. Many predators. We protect ourselves, and if we dont get what we want, we take it. Besides, you changed the subject. You need to answer my questions.
You have not asked any new questions for me to answer.
So for instance, where did you come from?  Ive never seen such a nice ship before, so advanced. Too bad you blew it up.
I was going to ask you the same question. Where did you come from, and where did you acquire such an ancient ship?
Ancient? Milanaka asked, not controlling the interrogation well. This is a state-of-the-art vessel. Its only three months old!
 Tamika sat motionless for a moment as she began to put some of the pieces together. She thought about the Telenian missing from their tracking sensors and the the core explosion followed by the tachyon readings.Then there was this appearance of this ancient ship that seemed to be in mint condition. Finally, the current conversation with Milanaka stating this ancient ship is only months old, and his lack of knowledge of an Ackturrian war. She had a feeling that they had traveled back in time somehow. 
Not wanting to tip her hand, she began to play along with the Zelinite. Okay, I will tell you that I am from the Ackturrian High Council. We were en route to the Karillian system when we had engine problems. We had to eject our core, and it exploded.
That didnt look like a core breach to me. It looked more like a trap that backfired. You were after the Rune, werent you? Come on, admit it!
Okay, you got me. We wanted the Rune, she said, wondering what that was.
Well, you cant have it. That is my only bargaining chip if Ackturra doesnt give us the crystals we want.
That is the infection that they put on the crystals, she thought, almost exclaiming out loud. The Rune infection huh, she said to Milanaka. Do you think you can take the crystals by force if we do not trade with the Zelinite?
Thats how we run our business. If we dont get our satisfaction, we take by force. The Rune infection will ensure that Ackturrians wont want the crystals anymore. Really, its just business, Milanaka said with passion.
Maybe we can reach a deal before we arrive at Ackturra. I am on the high council.
Perhaps. I will entertain your proposal, Milanaka said, waving his hand in the air. 
But first, you have to release us, and I will not deal with you if you have harmed my mother in any way.
Dont be silly. She is fine. Fine indeed. She is waiting in one of our holding cells. Actually, I questioned her first, but she wasnt quite as cooperative as you. Your people are remarkably resilientand strong willed too, I might add.
What have you done to her, she said throwing herself against chair restraints.
Relax, she will recover just fine. Its just a technique we use on difficult subjects. Just a stinging probe or two provides enough of a shock to coax the toughest individual to give us the information we need, he said as he rose and stood before Tamika. And you had better behave yourself or you might find yourself experiencing that same treatment. We dont take deceit lightly, so you had better be who you say you are. That is all I have to say to you. 
Milanaka walked over to a control panel and pressed a few buttons that released Tamikas restraints. She grabbed her wrists and rubbed them slightly. She followed the clumsy-looking Milanaka down a corridor. Stopping in front of a door, he pressed another button on the side panel, and the door slid open, exposing her mother lying on the floor of the small room.
Go on in now, Milanaka said, pointing with his spindly arm. I am holding you here until I can prove you are who you say you are. Ill be back for you two soon.
Tamika reluctantly entered the small room; the door slid closed behind her, and she went over and knelt down by her mother. 
Mother, are you all right? she asked as she stroked her head.
Luanren stirred and groaned as she lifted herself up on her elbows.
Man, Luanren said as she shook her head, that was some jolt. These filthy beings resort to torture when they do not get what they want.
Mother, what did they do to you? Did you tell them anything?
Yes, I will be fine. Just give me a few minutes to get my composure, and no, I did not tell them anything nor did they tell me anything, Luanren said now as she stood and took a seat on one of the chairs that their captors provided. And I do not know if it was worth it. I just sat there and said nothing. That just enraged them.
Mother, you have to know where we are. It is incredible.
I tried to use my mental abilities to get through to them, but their minds are too dense, Luanren said, not really paying attention to her daughter.
Mother, listen to me, Tamika said as she shook her mother by her shoulders. I believe we have traveled back in time or something. It all makes sense now.
What are you talking about, my dear? Did they use that thing on you too?
No, I am fine. Listen, it all fits togetherthe missing Telenian after the explosion, the tachyon readingsthose are associated with time travel. This strange vessel and our computer not recognizing it as being in service for a thousand years,  yet our captain states this ship is only three months old.
You got my attention. Go on.
I found out they have the Rune on board this ship. This is the ship that deployed the infection to the Crystal Caverns.
So how do you expect us to stop them?  We are imprisoned!
Only for the moment I have a plan.
I got to hear this. Do tell me how you expect to get out of this?
He does not know that we are from the future, but I told him we were members of the Ackturrian High Council. He told me that this ship is on their way to try and trade for the crystals, and I might have said that we could strike up a deal.
Are you insane? Luanren said, raising her voice. They will kill us if they find out you have lied!
Shh, keep your voice down. We do not want them to hear us.
Okay, okay, what is your idea?
We just need to play along with them, make them think we are going to make a bargain with them. If I am right, in this era, they would not be able to communicate to verify our story until they are close to making orbit to Ackturra.
The two discussed their plan and almost had all the details worked out when they heard a noise coming down the corridor.
Theyre coming for us. Just follow my lead, Tamika said.
From the outside, they heard the sound of buttons, and then the door slid open. Milanaka stood at the door with his spindly hands resting on his wide hips. 
Well, now, he said as he stooped down entering the small room, looks like this is your lucky day.
The stench of the Zelinite wafted into the small room and began to cause the two to cough.
It has been decided by my advisors to entertain your kind offer to make a deal for the power crystals.
We will be happy to discuss the matter, Tamika said, looking sideways at her mother. But first, we need to be taken from this pathetic holding cell and given private quarters.
Oh but of course, Milanaka said as he motioned for the two to exit. Right this way. Just remember, you had better be telling us the truth. The alternative wont be pleasant. He laughed.
Charming individual, Luanren said under her breath.
The two were led out of the holding cell area and into a larger chamber. The smell was not quite as bad in the open areas as it had been in the holding cell. They continued to follow their new host as he brought them into what appeared to be the soldier barracks. 
Milanaka pointed at two bunks that were suspended from the wall with an entire complement of soldiers in close proximity.
Here, you can bunk with the other soldiers.
That is not acceptable, Tamika said in a stuck-up tone. You will have to do better than that. We are royalty. We require quarters that are secluded from these soldiers. You will put us in an officers room. We will only require one room for the both of us.
Hmm, I dont have anything available, he said, scratching the strange-looking hair on his head. This isnt a pleasure ship, you know. Its a military vessel. We dont have many luxuries.
I can see that, Luanren said, now getting into the role.
Milanaka stood, looking at the two in confusion. He couldnt think of anything to say in reply.
Well, Tamika added, no private room, no deal. 
Okay, okay, you can have my first officers quarters. Thakaro can bunk with me for the remainder of this trip.
That is more like it, Luanren said with disdainful tone.
Milanaka motioned them to follow him. They walked back to the large inner chamber and then down another narrow corridor to a large open platform.
Step on up, he said. The officers quarters are on the upper decks.
As they stepped on the platform, it began to rise up fairly quickly. They rose up five levels, and the platform came to a rest. Milanaka took them to Thakaros quarters and opened the door. Inside was another Zelinite that looked very familiar to Milanaka. 
Thakaro, you will be giving your room to these two Ackturrians as we travel to their home world. You will move in with me until we arrive at Ackturra.
Thakaro, not looking real pleased, complied with his captains orders and grabbed a few personal effects and stomped out of his room.
There is one more thing, Tamika said as she folded her arms. We want to see the Rune. We need proof that you actually possess it before we even begin to make a deal.
Milanaka, not wanting to take a chance of the two changing their minds about making a deal, agreed with them as he slowly shook his head at their demands.
He took them up to the highest level of the ship and then down another narrow corridor to the end of a tall door. He opened up a control panel and pressed his spindly hand on a clear, smooth surface. A laser light began to scan his hand, and then with his other hand, he punched in a five-digit code. The door clicked and made some whirring sounds and then began to open before them.
As the door opened, it exposed a very large clear cylinder with metal end caps. Inside the sealed cylinder was a huge yellow-reddish glowing, jagged rock. The iridescent glow of the rock permeated the entire chamber and pulsated as if it had a heartbeat.
 There, Milanaka said with great pride, the Rune. Isnt it beautiful?

* * *

Chapter 10  Healings

Earth
Rosemont General Hospital
Year: 1983
Jhahnahkan sat by Kate as she lay in her room after surgery. She was in a coma and had not woken up since the surgery. He held her hand and stroked her forehead with his other hand. She had been in this coma for what seemed like hours. He reminisced the past several hours of the events that had unfolded that brought them to this point. He thought that this is just not possible; he couldnt live with himself if he let something bad happened to Katie. He kept thinking only good thoughts and that she would be all right. He thought about the crystal in his cloak and remembered that his brother was trying to find him. If he used the crystal too much, his brother might be able to locate him in this time line and could discover their plans for correcting the crystal infection. He couldnt let her lie there in a coma and watch her possibly fade away forever from him. What would happen if she died?  How would his grandmother be born?  Even more puzzling, how could he and his brother be here if their grandmother was never born?  These questions that ran through his mind were hard to comprehend; he couldnt wait any longer for Kate to recover. He decided to take the chance and use the crystal to see if he could bring her out of the coma and possibly give her a faster recovery. He pulled out the crystal from his cloak and removed it from its cloth. He took the crystal in both hands, and it began to emanate a golden glow of shimmering energy. He held the glowing crystal over Kate and began to concentrate on its energy flow.
The shimmering energy surrounded them both, and he felt at peace, and there was great warmth. He then concentrated on Kate and attempted to reach deep down inside her mind. 
Kate, Katie, come on now. I know you are there. You must wake up. I need you to return. 
The surgeon, Dr. Sam Collins, opened the door to Kates room and stepped inside to check on her progress. He was taken aback by what he saw. He saw a shimmering golden light and this mysterious cloaked man holding an object over her. At first, he thought it might be the one who had shot her returning to try and finish the job. He shot a look over at Jhahnahkan and grabbed him from behind and pulled him back away from Kate.
What do you think you are doing, mister? Dr. Collins said as he shouted for security.
Jhahnahkan, taken by surprise, went over backward, and the two stumbled to the ground. Dr. Collins rolled on the floor and picked himself off the ground and started to charge again. He landed on top of Jhahnahkan, and the two wrestled around on the floor. Jhahnahkan pushed him back and rolled in the opposite direction on the floor so he could get his bearings. Dr. Collins started to charge once more, but Jhahnahkan put his arms out before him to stop the attack. A beam of energy discharged from the crystal and hit the doctor in the middle of his forehead, stopping him in his tracks.
Easy now, Jhahnahkan said. I am not going to hurt Katie. I am trying to help her. Do you understand now?  He then concentrated on transferring the needed knowledge to the doctor so he could know that he was not the threat.
Dr. Collins took a chair and calmly sat and nodded his head in acknowledgment. The energy beam stopped almost as fast as it had begun. The door to the room shot open again, and two security guards stormed in. 
Is everything all right in here? one of them shouted. 
We were told there was a perpetrator trying to hurt this patient, the other said.
No, everything is fine. You are both excused, Dr. Collins said in a low, monotone voice. It was a misunderstanding.
The two guards sized Jhahnahkan up and down, looking for any obvious signs of him holding a weapon. 
Whats that in your hand, mister?
Jhahnahkan stood up from the crouched position and faced the two guards. He held out his hand while holding the crystal in his other. You did not see anything. Go back to your posts and report that everything is all right. Do you both understand?
Yes, the two guards said simultaneously.
Dr. Collins looked on in amazement as the two guards left the room. 
I fully understand now, Jhahnahkan. I know who you are and why you are here. I even know how this happened to Kate, he said as he put his hand on the back of his neck, thinking of the events that had flooded his mind.
I am sorry, Jhahnahkan began. I did not intend for you to get involved. The only way I could stop you was through memory transference.
Thats quite all right. I often wondered if there was other life in the galaxy. Now I know that there is.
Jhahnahkan interrupted him. You must not tell anyone of this. It is imperative that you do not. Events might be changed and could affect the entire time line.
What if you could wipe those memories you gave me?  If I could just help you before that, I really am just glad I know the truth now. Anything I can do, you just name it, Sam said with sincerity.
I do not think that wiping your memory will be necessary. I also received some of your memories and experiences. I feel I can trust you to keep this to yourself.
Sam was thankful to Jhahnahkan for his kind words as his integrity was something that he was very proud of. 
You can be of assistance, Jhahnahkan said as he motioned for him to step over to the other side of the bed.
What do you need me to do?
Jhahnahkan resumed holding the crystal over Kate with both of his hands. Simply put your hands over mine and concentrate on reaching Kate.
Sam again nodded and rested the palms of his hands over Jhahnahkans. The crystal began to glow once again with the golden shimmering light.
Do not be startled at what you may experience. It will be all right. Just keep concentrating on Kate as I do.
 The glow surrounded the three of them and filled the entire area of the room with a golden and whitish glow that sparkled different colors. The two concentrated on reaching Katie to bring her back from her deep coma. Jhahnahkan and Sam suddenly found themselves standing in the center of a sphere. Standing in the center of them was an energy being. 
Do not be concerned, the entity said. I am that which is within the crystal you hold. This is not real but only in your minds. This is the only way you can comprehend. I understand you need your loved one to return to you.
Yes, Jhahnahkan answered, we do seek to bring her back from the depths of her mind. Help us reach her and bring her back from this coma.
I will try. Continue to focus your minds on reaching Kate, the entity said as it took a pose as if standing on the edge of a diving board. Then it jumped up and dove down into the bottom of the sphere and disappeared into nothingness.
Whats happening? Sam asked.
Keep concentrating, Doctor. This is going to take all the energy you have. Do not be concerned with these images, Jhahnahkan said.
They continued to concentrate for several minutes when the bottom of the sphere began to ripple like waves in a pond after a rock had been tossed in. The sound of rushing water flowed all around them and then from its center rose Kate up from the bottom of the sphere. She was now at the center of the sphere, Jhahnahkan on one side and the entity holding her uprigth by her legs. She looked white like the light from the crystal, and her eyes were closed, and her hair glistened behind her. Jhahnahkan was very happy to see her and, in his joy, held the sides of her face and brought her lips close to his. When his lips touched hers and he began to kiss her, she opened her eyes and saw Jhahnahkan and returned the kiss, throwing her arms around him. 
The golden shimmering light faded, the sphere they were standing in disappeared, and they returned to the room they had been standing in. The room returned to normal illumination. Jhahnahkan opened his eyes and saw Kate lying on the bed with her eyes open and looking back at her lover. Tears began to well up and fall down the cheeks of Jhahnahkan as he saw her fully awake. 
Hi there, she said with a scratchy voice. What is all this fuss about?
Dr. Collins took his stethoscope and checked Kates heartbeat and then checked her blood pressure. 
You gave us quite a scare. You would not wake up after your surgery, Jhahnahkan said.
She is in perfect health now, other than letting her wounds heal, Sam confirmed. Just give her some time to get her strength back, and then you two can get on with your quest.
So can I ask what happened to me? Kate asked.
You were shot. Do you remember? Jhahnahkan said.
Yeah, I remember now, she said.
Ill be right back. You two get caught up, Sam said as he left the room.
Does he know?
Yes, it is all right. We can trust him.
How much does he know?
Just about everything, but it was unavoidable. He saw me standing over you holding the crystal. He thought I was going to hurt you so he attacked me. It was simply instinct to do the memory transference so he would understand that I was not going to harm you.
My tummy still hurts, she said as she felt her incision. This is in a bad place. I remember Helen saying something about ensuing paradox. Will I be able to bear your child, Jhahnahkan?
We do not know. Only time will tell, but for now, you just need to get your strength up.
Well, I am not staying here. Help me get dressed. We need to get back with the others.
The doctor stormed back into the room with a panicked look on his face.
Hurry, he said, we have to get you two out of here now!
What is wrong? Jhahnahkan asked
Its the sheriff. He is snooping around out by the nurses station. Says hes looking for two fugitives, one wearing a cloak and the other had a gunshot wound.
Stall him. We will get out of here using the crystal, Jhahnahkan said. 
Okay, I know how that works too. I will keep him away as long as I can, but hes buzzing around like a mad hornet, so Id move it fast if I were you.
Sam left the room to go back to stall Sheriff Matson for as long as he could while Jhahnahkan helped Kate get dressed as fast as she could.
Jhahnahkan took the crystal and held it out in front of them. The energy vortex began to open, and the familiar rushing wind sounded. They could hear the doctor just outside the room, arguing with the sheriff.
You cant go in there. Shes under my care, Dr. Collins shouted.
Move out of my way. Im going in, and if you stop me, Ill take you in for obstructing justice, Matson argued.
The vortex was now fully open; Matson burst through the door only to watch his two fugitives escape yet again. He dove to the vortex to try and catch them, but he was too late as the vortex closed behind Jhahnahkan and Kate, causing Matson to land on the ground of the hospital room. 
Ah! Not again! the sheriff shouted in disgust, looking up at Sams slight grin.
He picked himself off the floor and dusted his uniform as if the hospital floor was infected.
Youre going to answer for this. Im taking you in for questioning.
I dont know what you mean, Sheriff. I didnt see anyone in here, the doctor said as he looked at his staff of nurses. Did anyone else see anything? He winked at the other nurses.
The other nurses said they didnt see anything either and shook their heads.
Matson stormed out, pushing his way past Sam and the nurses in the room. He paused for a moment and turned halfway out the door. You havent seen the last of me. 
Matson stomped down the hallway, making as much noise as he could as he left the hospital.
Dr. Collins and the nurses couldnt contain their laughter any longer as they thoroughly enjoyed seeing Sheriff Matson this frustrated. Not many people in the town had any respect for the sheriff and his bully tactics.

* * *
Earth
Helens Place
Year: 1983
Jhahnahkan and Kate exited the vortex where Helen and the others had been trying to heal the crystal fragment. 
Glenda jumped up and ran over, throwing her arms around Kate. Oh, Katie! she said with a big smile and with tears in her eyes. We were so worried about you!
Weve all been worried, Ms. Kate, Rex said with lift in his voice.
Easy, honey, Helen said as she helped the still ailing Kate in a chair. Looks like you could still use some rest.
Yes, I sure do, Kate said with a slight wince on her face. We kind of had to leave in a hurry.
Sheriff Matson tracked us down to the Rosemont Hospital, Jhahnahkan said.
Helen stood by the two with her arms at her hips. Well, she said, I am still here and so is Jhahnahkan, which means we have not disrupted the time line.
I do not know if I can still have a child, Kate said, looking down at the sand. The surgeon said it might be risky if I dofor both the child and myself.
Jhahnahkan took Kates hand and squeezed it. Do not worrie about this. You need to get well first. That was quite an ordeal.
Jhahnahkan spent the next hour explaining to his friends what all had transpired since they last saw one another. He finished with the fact that they now have an ally on the inside. If they needed anything, they could get it now with Dr. Collins on their side.
There is just one more very strange thing, Jhahnahkan said, stroking his chin. They could not find the bullet nor could they find any exit wound.
Helen interrupted Jhahnahkan abruptly, What do you mean? They did not find the bullet? It was there. I saw it with the crystal fragment.
I had X-rays and the surgery to prove it. They did not find it, Kate said.
This could explain everything that is wrong with the crystal fragment, Helen said with an epiphany. When we tried to heal her, the fragment tried to solidify the bullet to prevent any further injury to Kate. I will bet that is why it is so weakened.
These crystals are a very benevolent race, more like intelligent, Jhahnahkan said, pulling out his crystal to look it over. I am not sure how to classify them at all really. All I know is that it helped bring Kate out from her coma.
Helen stood at the fire and stirred it with a stick while Rex continued to stoke the pit with fresh wood to keep the embers hot. The pale-green crystal fragment lay in the hollowed-out bed Rex had carved, which was laden with hot coals. This kept the fragment in a hot state; complete intuition on his part, but it did seem to keep the tiny fragment alive for now.
Jhahnahkan looked over at Rex stoking the fire, then over at Helen poking the coals with her stick. He thought for a moment then looked at the fragment and then at his crystal. He seemed to be in deep thought about the actions that were taking place all around him as he held his power crystal. He looked over at Kate, who was slightly dozing, and then over at Glenda, who sat by Kate, holding her upright with one arm around her, then back to his crystal he held in his hands.
Hotter, Jhahnahkan said all of a sudden, the fire needs to be hotter.
Helen paused with her poking at the fire and looked up at her grandson. What is it? she asked. What do you see?
I see white-hot fire that will cleanse the fragment. Rex was correct. Heat, more heat, Jhahnahkan said, looking at the group. Bring more wood. Make this as hot as we can.
Rex and Glenda gathered up more wood from Helens woodpile and fed the fire. In just a few minutes, the fire began to rage hotter and hotter, and the flames grew tall. Rex stepped back slightly with the intensity of the heat.
Good, Jhahnahkan said, let the fire burn like this for a time, and then we will have more coals for the fragment.
The fire roared for over an hour before the flames began to die down. The coals in the center of the fire turned white-hot and glowed, causing the heat to rise from the fire bed, creating waves of energy from the intensified pit. 
Jhahnahkan placed the crystal fragment in the center of the burning coals and then had everyone gather around the radiating fire. They all joined hands while he held the crystal in his. Kate and Helen sat on either side of him and finished the connection by placing their free hand on his forearms. A gentle breeze began to emit from the crystal as Jhahnahkan concentrated. This breeze became more intense over the next few minutes and was directed down below at the base of the fire as if it was a bellows to the coals.
The coals grew even hotter, and they could almost not handle the heat as it grew hotter and hotter. Then the golden glow of the pure crystal emanated from Jhahnahkan and passed clockwise all around to each member of the circle and ended back with Jhahnahkan. Immediately they appeared in their minds within the sphere with the entity standing at the center in an almost human appearance. His skin was white as a sheet. His hair was golden and glistened with sparks of energy. His eyes were of the very deepest blue anyone had ever seen. The entity had a look of great intelligence on his face as well as genuine concern. The group gazed on the vision they all shared and tried to comprehend what they were seeing.
Do not be afraid, the entity said without moving his mouth to speak.
We are not afraid. We understand who you are. We know, Jhahnahkan said with a soft voice.
Helen had a big smile on her face, and tears began to well up as she saw the entity that had the likeness of her husband.
You that are among us that have not experienced the full presence of the crystal, the entity said with an assuring tone, be at peace. Let your mind go. Do not try to understand the vision.
The others nodded with compliance as they continued to concentrate on the event before them. 
My name is Rothstavous, they heard in a voice that was neither a male nor female but a mixture of each. My friends, the fragmented crystal is dying. I understand that you have been trying to heal us. Do not try to understand when I refer to us as us.
Yes, Helen interjected, we understand. You have said the crystals are one yet many.
You are correct, Helen, high priestess of Ackturra, Rothstavous answered.
Jhahnahkan looked over at Helen with a puzzled look on his face and then continued to concentrate on the pure crystal and the vision.
You have shown compassion and proven you are a worthy species, Rothstavous continued. There are things you must be told and things you must understand.
Jhahnahkan stood in front of the entity. We are ready for you to share with us.
I instructed Helen, the high priestess of Ackturra, to bring you here to this place. All of these events have been set before you in order for me to know that you are the chosen one, the one who can heal the Rune infection from our kind. When you were on your journey to the far reaches of your galaxy, you met an individual that gave you a secret and then locked that deep inside your mind. Only my presence can unlock that mystery, and only at the right moment when you return to the Crystal Caverns can that be revealed. However, I can reveal to you that the man who you met was your grandfather. He and your grandmother fled Ackturra right after the Rune took over the crystals. Rothstavous was his name. I took his name when our minds joined. I took on his countenance so you would better understand when I revealed myself to you. Your grandfathers crystal and Helens crystal were joined together to make a master crystal. This was kept secret and pure for the right time. Now your half brother, Jhovahkan, has managed to join two crystals and formed a master crystal, only his is corrupted by the Rune.
Half brother? Jhahnahkan exclaimed.
Helen, the entity said, turning to her, you have not revealed the truth to Jhahnahkan?
Helen turned to her grandson and smiled. I have said that simple question will get simple answers. You have not asked, so I have not said.
Helen will reveal that secret to you soon, but it should not come to you as a complete surprise, seeing the vast differences between you and your brother, Rothstavous said, turning back to Jhahnahkan. This joining of two crystals has only occurred very few times, and only two remain in existence: Jhovahkans and yours. There is a term that has been used in times past that was used to explain this process. Ackraamonthe true meaning of the word has long been forgotten and corrupted by the Rune. However, the true meaning of Ackraamon is to join two into one or to join one crystal to another or one mind to a crystal. Time is of the essence. You must find your way to defeat the power the Rune has held over us for this millennia. Jhovahkans master crystal is very powerful. I alone cannot defeat his crystal. We must join a third crystal. Even though the fragment is weak and dying, the power that I would gain by that Ackraamon will be enough to overcome your brothers crystal. Therefore, one part of the deep secret that has been locked away, I will allow you to knowthe power to perform Ackraamon. Before I leave you for now, there is one more thing you will need to understand. Jhovahkan did not kill your father. His mother made it look that way. Ghaia is a masterful deceiver. She killed Qiaoshan through her jealousy. Rothstavous turned to Helen. Helen said you should ask questions. I would do so soon. 
He turned once again to Jhahnahkan, reached out in front of him, and touched his forehead with two fingers of his right hand. The vision immediately ended, and the group stood staring at Jhahnahkan now lying on his back on the ground holding the crystal out in front of him and his eyes wide open. The others gathered around and watched as he seemed to be getting a download of information. His eyes darted about back and forth rapidly, his mouth slightly open as if he understood the knowledge that Rothstavous had revealed. The pure crystal he was holding had now lost its luster, and the golden sparkling glow that surrounded Jhahnahkan and the others had dissipated. The hot coals of the fire continued to burn white, and the crystal fragment now had a bright green color and looked almost as if it had turned into a partial liquid state; the solid form of the crystal was no more. Instead, it shifted and moved around like slow motion Jell-O, moving and constantly changing its shape. 
Jhahnahkan stood and collected himself after his amazing experience. He guided the group to stand at certain spots around the fire pit to form a circle encompassing the fragment that was at the center.
We must first heal the fragment, Jhahnahkan said as he held out his crystal.
He closed his eyes and focused on the ailing fragment, and a pure white beam of energy discharged and connected with the fragment. The energy continued to flow out of Jhahnahkan, first down his arms and into the crystal and then through the energy beam and into the fragment. As the group watched, they could see the energy transference flow into the fragment and then back out to the pure crystal. This energy flow continued for several minutes; all the while Jhahnahkans eyes were wide open with an intensity that Kate, Rex, or the rest hadnt seen in him. You could see his jowls tighten and loosen as he focused every bit of energy into healing the crystal fragment. 
Now I need Rex, Glenda, and Katie to step closer to the beam, he instructed. Helen was asked to stand behind him and place her hands on his shoulders.
Do not be afraid, he said. I need you three to place your hands in the stream of energy, the fact that your pureness of mind is the last key to being able to remove the infection of the Rune.
The three complied and placed their hands in the stream of energy that was flowing. Sparks of energy began to trail up each of their arms and surrounded them with a white glow. They concentrated on the instructions Jhahnahkan gave them while Helen laid her hands on his shoulders.
They all noticed that the crystal began to change color. The bright green luster began to drip down and then burned up in the hot coals, leaving the fragment clear. The liquid state had now left as it began to harden to its natural form.
The beam left the fragment and returned to the Jhahnahkans pure master crystal, and the energy flow ceased traveling down his arms. He lowered his master crystal, and the group returned to the places he had assigned to them.
The fragmented crystal has now been fully healed, he said with assurance. You are all a part of this by the very nature of your pure Terrain minds, a very necessary ingredient that we will need to reverse the effect of the Rune.
The group removed the fragment from the fire and let it cool on the sand for a time. When it was cool enough to handle, he instructed Helen to take the crystal and hold it high above her head.
I, Jhahnahkan, son of Qiaoshan of the house of S, now perform the ritual of Ackraamon. Let these two crystals now become one. It is written, so shall it be done! he said with great authority. 
He approached Helen, who was holding the crystal fragment high above her head. He took the fragment in one hand and held them both high over his head. The two crystals began to glow a brilliant golden glow, and then energy transference began to occur. The small fragment began to become absorbed by the larger pure crystal. 
The group looked on in awe at the sight; it was beautiful watching their friend perform Ackraamon, which had only been witnessed by a very few. The group felt very privileged that they were a part of this event.
Jhahnahkan then touched the two crystals together, and a great clap of thunder sounded above them and resulted in an explosion followed by a great blast of energy as if a shock wave had emanated from the source and pushed out from the new master crystal and surrounded the entire group.
When the air cleared, Jhahnahkan was left standing with one pure and clear master crystal in his hand. 
He stepped back with exhaustion while the others came to his side and helped him to one of the chairs near the fire pit, which was now fading and smoldering.
His forehead was dripping with sweat, and his hands were cold and clammy. 
That was some light show, Glenda said with a bit of a quiet voice.
 Wonderful, Rex said, clapping his hands. Absolutely Wonderful.
Kate sat by Jhahnahkan and held his hands as she gazed into his eyes. Helen paced around the fire pit with a worried look on her face.
My grandmother, Jhahnahkan said as he motioned her to come close, I think it is about time you answer my simple questions.
Yes, I suppose that it is time, Helen said, sitting down by her grandson.
What did Rothstavous mean by half brother?
Well, Helen began, this is a fairly long story, so I will start at the beginning.
I am listening.
Ghaia is not your mother. She is Qiaoshans mistress, not Luanren. My son and Luanren were the rightful royal blood of the house of S. Ghaia seduced your father because she wanted the power of rule. She deceived your father to believe she should be his wife and not Luanren. The corruption of the power crystal helped him to fall. Luanren is your mother, and Ghaia is your brothers mother. This was kept a secret by order of the council so Qiaoshan would not lose his power. It was a great time of sorrow, and there could not be a change due to the war with the Zelinites. Your sister, Tamika, is your true, full blood sister. You must see that. You and your brother are too different for you to be full-blooded brothers.
I had always wondered why my brother had always opposed me. Does he know the truth?
No, he does not know nor does your sister know, Helen said as she looked into Jhahnahkans eyes. This truth was not held from you to hurt you. This was done to protect you. This is why you were chosen to go on that quest for so many years. We had to separate you so the truth would not be discovered until the time was right.
So I am the rightful heir to the throne since Luanren was the high priestess after you left.
Yes, Ghaia is a wretched woman, full of deceit and a desire for power. Now that she has made her son the leader of the council, she can fully control the destiny of Ackturra. 
This must be corrected, Jhahnahkan said with resolve. I must not fail. We must return to Ackturra and correct this wrong by returning my fathers honor that had been lost over this evil and deceitful act. I will become the leader of the high council and overthrow my brother.
We must do this carefully and with wisdom, my grandson. We will rely on the power of the master crystal you have formed to help us as a guide for the right path to follow.
Kate stood up stretched up high to the sky. Well, this has been a very fascinating story, but we all need to get some sleep. I am exhausted. Come on, we will regroup in the morning.
Yes, this has been a lot to take in, Jhahnahkan agreed. It will take some time to fully understand.
The others all agreed that it had been a very long day and decided that they all needed sleep. 
Rex and the others lay on the ground by the fire as Rex stoked it up once again to keep them warm through the night.
Kate took Jhahnahkan by the hand and led him away from the others and took him inside Helens shack. Helen looked up at the two and smiled then turned and closed her eyes. 
Inside the shack, Kate wrapped her arms around Jhahnahkan. I will comfort you. What Helen has revealed to you must be a shock, thinking that your brother is not your full blood brother must be hard to comprehend.
It is only through the need to accomplish this task and make this wrong correct that gives me the strength, he said, looking into Kates eyes.
The two gazed into each others eyes, and they felt the love for each other well up inside. Kate held Jhahnahkans face, as he did to her in the vision just before she was brought back from the 
coma, and planted her lips firmly on his and gave him a very passionate kiss.

* * *
Chapter 11  Armada

Ackturra
Year: 2983
Jhovahkan stood at the end of the table. All of his war ministers had been assembled. His defense minister was to his right, and the secretary of war was next at the table. All of the other officers were present as well:  the director of manpower and personnel, director of the intelligence reporting, director of operations and logistics, director of strategic plans, and finally, the director of weaponry and ship defenses. 
Ghaia sat on his left and looked like any proud mother would with her son in such a powerful position.
I want a complete report on the building of our armada, Jhovahkan started. I need to be assured that every department is on track and that we can launch our first assault within three days.
That is a pretty aggressive demand, The defense minister said.
Silence, Jhovahkan shouted. You will not disobey my command! He continued talking as the veins in his neck stuck out with anger. The Zelinite are squeezing us at our own sector. We cannot allow them to continue this threat!
Your Excellency, the defense minister began again, I mean no disrespect. I am only providing you a realistic view. My advice is what you asked for, and that is what I give. He said this while he bowed his head.
Jhovahkan looked around the room as he spoke. We will launch our first assault within three days. This will consist of seven of our finest ships and piloted with our finest captains. Their ships shall be fitted with the crystal tuners. We will attack the Zelinite jamming station at sector 523.
Sir, the weapons director chimed in, I am happy to report the weapons upgrades have all been completed on all ships currently in space dock. We have also been provided a breakthrough in technology. Thanks to you allowing us the use of a power crystal, not only will the approaching ships be undetected by the crystal net but we have a new device that is being developed to even prevent visual detection at close range. We will be able to move in at very close proximity and take out several of their support ships before they will see us. He said this with a proud smile.
At last, Jhovahkan said, throwing his arms in the air, someone that is competent on my staff!  Excellent work!  You and your team will be rewarded.
Sir, his intelligence director added, we already know that the Zelinite fleet at our target sector consists of five destroyers, eight battle cruisers, and a carrier. The remaining support fleets at each secondary jamming station is comprised of three battle cruisers and one destroyer.
Yes, we already know this. Tell me something that we do not already know, Jhovahkan said in an irritated voice.
We have intelligence regarding their weapons at the main jamming station.
And?
They have multiple laser turrets at each of the five levels, seven turrets to be exact, surrounding each platform and two torpedo launchers at the top and bottom points of the station.
So how do you plan on breaking through that defensive system?
That is the best part. The stations design has a flaw, an Achilless heel, if you will.
I am listening, Jhovahkan said with interest as he stroked his goatee.
Each jamming station is built on a single power source and protected by one main shield generator. This shield generator is fixed just below the five disk levels and provides protection for each turret and the stations power source. Each time the turrets fire, the shield lowers. The turrets all fire in succession as to reduce the number of times per minute the shield lowers, sort of like a momentary flicker. This was designed to protect all the support weapons. However, the shield generator is exposed and cannot be protected by itself. Take out that shield generator and the stations power source is vulnerable. They do have a backup generator, but it takes thirty seconds to recharge the station.
Excellent! Jhovahkan exclaimed. For the rest of you who have yet to impress me of our readinessJhovahkan drew out his dagger from his side sheath and tossed it in the air. As the knife moved end to end, he grabbed it in midair by the handle and slammed it down, burying the tip of his blade firmly into the tablefailure is not an option. He continued to hold the handle with a clenched fist. Do I make myself perfectly clear? He had an evil smile while he looked purposely at his defense minister.
Everyone nodded with acknowledgement. They knew any disagreement could cost them their lives.
Jhovahkan looked around the room, making eye contact with every member present. He removed his hand from the dagger, its blade lodged firmly within the table; he began to pace around the room. His eyes were sunken deep within his head, and they had a strong yellowish-red glaze. He reached into his cloak and took out his master crystal, uncovered the black velvet cloth, and tucked it back within his cloak. He stopped for a brief moment and concentrated on his master crystal. As the crystal began to increase in its yellowish-red glow, he tossed it up into the air toward the center of the table. There, it suspended in midair and continued to intensify in its glow as it hovered over the table and slowly spun around. The mystifying effect of the crystal took over the entire room, and the ministers all fell into a trancelike state.
Now, Jhovahkan started, I will have the cooperation of this entire assembly. I am not here today to ask if we are ready to launch our armada. Rather, I am here to tell you we are ready to launch our armada and to plan our first assault. Our first target will be the Zelinite defense grid and main communication jamming station located at sector 523.
The defense members, now all under the spell of the master crystal, nodded in agreement with their eyes glazed over.
My flagship, the Kalentun, will lead the charge. Armed with my master crystal and fitted with the master crystal tuner, all seven ships will be set for an intercept course to that sector under the semblance of the crystal tuning net. We will be invisible on all scans. They will not see us coming. Now, even more powerful with the invisa-sheild technology that the crystals have revealed to us, we will not be detected even when we are in close proximity. Only until we fire our first weapons will the Zelinite know what hit them. The ministers continued to nod in agreement, and Ghaia beamed with excitement that she was witnessing her sons rule.
We will approach in the star pattern configuration with one battle cruiser at each of the five points. The Kalentun will be at the center of the star pattern and fly just above a carrier. The carrier will be a part of the net and will be capable of carrying two hundred fighters. Once the fighters are launched, our net will be broken, and we will become vulnerable. So as a precaution, there will be a shuttle flown, one by each approaching ship. The shuttles will be small enough that they will not be detectable on enemy scanners. They will fly to the five destroyers and attach on the enemies hulls and will be packed with nuclear plasma charges. Each pilot will be retrieved by my master crystal via teleportation vortex. Once destroyed, the remaining eight battle cruisers and their carrier will be easily destroyed using ram shields and the two hundred fighters. Even with the jamming station outfitted with their armaments, once the support ships have been eliminated, the station too will fall, he said with an evil grin on his face. He continued to pace the floor, looking up slightly as if he was seeing the battle unfold before him. It will not be easy. We will suffer casualties, a necessary sacrifice for the success and victory of Ackturra.
Jhovahkans master crystal was pulsating and glowing with every word he uttered, and his ministers gazed forward with blank stares on their faces as he continued with his battle plans.
Two additional smaller fleets will be dispatched to sector 521 and 525, the two very farthest jamming stations on either side of their defense grid. They shall engage those sites at the same time we strike the first. Once the main site has been demolished, the main fleet will split off, forming two separate fleets, and will embark on the two closest jamming stations that are left, 522 and 524. This will wipe out the entire Zelinite threat in our space, and communication will once again be open. Once we have taken them all out, we will regroup back at Ackturra, resupply our vessels, and disembark on the Zelinite home world. It is there that we will engage them and destroy all Zelinite once and for allforever, Jhovahkan said with a shout and a laugh as if already victorious. 
He reached out his arm toward his master crystal, and it immediately flew across the room, and it landed with a smack in the palm of his hand, which made the sound of one very loud handclap. The crystal dimmed as if a light switch had been turned off. He carefully wrapped it back up with his black velvet cloth and carefully returned it inside his cloak close to his heart.
The room returned to normal, and the defense ministers blank gaze vanished. They all looked around the room at one another, wondering to themselves what had just happened.
The speaker on the tables intercom system buzzed and came to life. Sir, I must interrupt you, one of Jhovahkans aides said.
Yes, what is it? he answered, obviously annoyed at the interruption. 
We are receiving a transmission from the Telenian, sir.
Patch it through to me here on the main view screen, Jhovahkan ordered.
Yes, sir, one moment while I reroute.
This is Panru, captain of the Telenian, reporting, Panru said as the view screen came to life with a fuzzy image.
Did you apprehend Tamika?
No, sir, I am sorry to say that the Crytore was destroyed, Panru said with his head bowed low.
I am sure she put up a fight.
Yes, sir, we ran into a Zelinite fleet when I began to overtake the Crytore. She fought valiantly at our side with honor, but there were too many of them and too strong for us. We did manage to take out a destroyer and two battle cruisers, but the last cruiser got away. The damage to the Crytore was extensive, and she had a reactor breach. All was lost. There were no survivors, Panru said, concentrating the best he could to conceal his treason from his superior. 
You must have succeeded in destroying the jamming station you passed by.
Yes, but first we made our way to Karillia to finalize our alliance with them. Then we headed back to the first station with help of the Karillians, knowing that the fleet we encountered came from that farthest station. We took out that station and are now returning to Ackturra.
Maintain your position, Jhovahkan ordered. We are about to launch our armada at sector 523. You will rendezvous on the far side of that sector and wait for your command. You will draw fire out from the station while we approach.
Yes, sir, I have more to report, Your Excellency.
Go on.
After we formed our alliance with Karillia, they agreed to assist us with our war efforts. He dispatched his number one defense minister, Quasarvores of Alcyone. We have a fleet of five ships with us. We will have no problem taking out another jamming station before your arrival at sector 523, Panru said with pride.
No, you will wait. If word gets out of our assault, they will dispatch more ships. We need to follow the plan I have set out, Jhovahkan said with authority. I must leave now for another pressing matter. Stay online and my defense minister will brief you of the battle plans. Jhovahkan turned to his defense minister. Make the necessary alterations to my plan I have laid out since the station at sector 521 has been eliminated, and now you shall plan to move up our attack from seventy-two hours to twenty-four hours in order to maintain the best possible element of surprise.
Yes, Your Excellency, by your command, his defense minister acknowledged, bowing his head.
Jhovahkan left the planning room with Ghaia. The two walked down the long corridor, Jhovahkan with his hands rested behind him and Ghaia with her arms flowing with great pride as she strode.
Do you detect any deceit from Panru, my son? 
Yes, I am certain that Panru is holding something back. He is not being completely truthful. I do sense deception.
We shall have to keep a close eye on him, or shall we remove him from command? Ghaia said, attempting to manipulate her son.
No, Panru will not be any trouble as long as he is with the fleet. I do sense some deceit. He is not being completely truthful. However, I am certain that he will not attempt any treason while he remains with the fleet. I will be watching himclosely.
Perhaps it would be better to have him return to Ackturra so he could be escorted to the Crystal Caverns. If he had a power crystal, you could keep a closer eye on him. 
No, Mother, you will not interfere with my plans. We will continue as I have planned,  Jhovahkan said, stopping his mother. He turned toward her and looked into her eyes and placed one hand on her shoulder. Do I make myself perfectly clear, or do I have to keep a closer eye on you? He raised an eyebrow.
By your command, my son, Ghaia said with trepidation.
You shall be mindful of your place, Mother. Do not forget that I am the leader of Ackturra.
Of course you are, my son. I have not forgotten that at all, Ghaia said as she broke away from his grip and continued to walk down the passage. Do not forget who put you in your position either. I am the high priestess. She then left Jhovahkan standing in the corridor.

* * *
Telenian  Command Center
Year: 2983
Panru stood on the bridge of the Telenian and gave a sigh of relief as the com system faded away and communications were terminated with Ackturra. 
That was harder than I thought it would be, Panru said.
Do you think he suspects anything? his first officer asked.
I would be a fool if I thought he did not feel deception, Panru said, turning to his Karillian guest. There is much we must talk about Quasarvores. XO, you have the bridge. Plot a course to sector 533, move the fleet there, and wait for my orders.
Yes, sir, the first officer acknowledged. Helm, lay in a course to sector 533, one-half impulse. We do not need to arrive too soon.
The Karillians had round blue eyes that were like two pools of water. Their fine, straight brown hair is worn in a style that would remind you of a pair of wings. There stature was very short with a lean build. Quasarvoress skin was light colored, which was common for most Karillians. They had a dome forehead and thin lips. His wardrobe was strange looking which consisted of a lot of black and gray.
Panru and Quasarvores left the bridge and headed toward Panrus quarters. The first officer relayed his captains orders to the rest of the Karillian fleet. They changed course and turned their ships direction and slowly began to make their way to sector 533.
Quasarvores was led by Panru down the ships main corridor. They stopped outside of Panrus door. He pressed a few buttons, the door slid open, and the two entered the room. The door swiftly closed behind them. As they entered the room, their presence triggered the computer to increase the lighting to the captains preset desired setting.
So tell me, Panru, Quasarvores asked, do you really know what happened to Tamika and the Crytore?
The last thing we heard was Tamika had given the order to jettison the core. Their ship was on a runaway. I am guessing that one of their injectors was damaged in the battle with the Zelinite, Panru said as he motioned the two to sit on the lounge. She radioed to circle back for an emergency pickup. That was the last thing we heard. We saw the explosion, and we were caught in the subsequent shock wave. We were lucky we did not sustain any damage ourselves.
You say there was no wreckage? No debris field?
That is correct, Panru answered with a puzzled look on his face. The ship just vanished. We did detect traces of decaying tachyon particles but no sign of the Crytore, nothing.
Tachyon particles you say?
Yes, strangest phenomenon. I have never seen anything like it before, Panru said as he offered a drink to his new friend.
Tachyon particles have been used by our people in time-travel experiments, Quasarvores said, reaching out to take the glass that Panru was offering. We never had any success with that. Very unstable and unreliable, so we eventually abandoned our research.
That is too bad, Quasarvores. That would come in handy right now. I could go back and save Tamika. She was a good one. What a waste, Panru said, shaking his head in disbelief.
So tell me about Jhovahkan, the new leader of Ackturra, and what happened to Qiaoshan.
Jhovahkan is an evil man, full of himself. Everyone is in fear when he enters the room. He commands through intimidation.
We have heard rumors about Jhovahkans sibling rivalry, how he is so jealous of his brother, Jhahnahkan, and that he despises him and tries everything he can think of to bring him down.
Very true indeed, Panru said. I was his first officer on the Kalentun. I learned very quickly how to obey his orders, but I did so only for my own protection.
Obviously you succeeded in becoming the captain of your own ship.
This was his brothers ship. Jhovahkan removed his own brother from command. We all think he felt threatened by his brothers success, so he plotted to not only demote his own brother but he wanted to take over the council from his father. In fact, he shared his plans with his top officers just before Jhahnahkan was to be added to the high council. His plans included killing his father in order to prevent his brother from taking his seat on the council.
Do you think he actually killed his own father?
All of the evidence points to that fact, Panru said as he reached for the flask to refresh their drinks. His brother was never confirmed on the council. Now he is missing, Qiaoshan is dead, and Jhovahkan is trying to pin the murder of his father on Jhahnahkan. Ghaia, the high priestess and their mother, has now appointed the eldest son as council leader. The council was so afraid of Jhovahkan that no one dared to oppose his appointment. I had heard that Tamika was the only one on the council that questioned it, but that too soon became ill-fated, and she was made an enemy of the state.
And that is how you all came to be here today, Quasarvores said as he lifted his drink to his thin lips.
Yes, that is the short version but accurate, Panru said. I ensured that the Telenian was positioned in orbit as close to the Crytore as I could. I knew that Jhovahkan trusted me but also would dispatch the closest ship that could stop them, and so he chose me to go after his sister. The crew of the Telenian did not even know I was really on their side until we crossed the jamming station. It was only then I felt safe to reveal my true intent.
I assume there are others who do not follow their new leader, Quasarvores said curiously.
Yes, the entire southern region of Ackturra opposes him, Panru answered. And there are a few on the inside as well, but that is a very dangerous position to be in. With his new master crystal, Jhovahkan has become very powerful. If they are discovered, he will not hesitate to kill them and make them an example.
I am very glad that you have told me these things, Panru, Quasarvores said. The Karillian alliance was originally formed with Qiaoshan. We agreed with his philosophy, not the beliefs of Jhovahkan. He is a dangerous leader. We only avowed our relationship of ourselves to be aligned with the others that held true with Qiaoshans views and with the southern clans. We do not support Jhovahkan and his corrupt view of ultimate annihilation of an entire race. While it is true that the Zelinites are an evil race, they can be put in their place; but not obliteration that is not an answer. That is an absolute. We do not deal with absolutes.
On behalf of the Southern Ackturrian Movement, we thank the Karillians for your support. Together we will remove the Zelinite threat not only from our space but from Karillian occupation and all others they intend to conquer, Panru said  
They clanked their glasses together and raised them to their mouths and downed what was left and then set them on the table before them. Panru offered another refill, but Quasarvores refused him and thanked him for the offer. 
I had better not consume any more of this wonderful elixir, Quasarvores said with a lift in his voice.
Very well, Panru said as he poured one last shot into his own glass. He downed that last shot like it was the last one he would take in a very long time.
I should return to my own ship for now. Quasarvores motioned to Panru toward the door. I have much to do in preparation for this skirmish tomorrow.
Agreed, my friend, Panru said as he stood, making his way to his door. 
Panru stopped at the com center on the panel next to the exit and called for one of his aides. Please escort our Karillian guest to his shuttle. He will be returning to his ship tonight.
Yes, sir, the com answered back.
The two entered the corridor, where Panrus aide obliged the request of their new friend to return to his own ship.

* * *
Ackturra Palace
Year: 2983
Jhovahkan made his way to his personal shuttle from the Ackturrian headquarters. He entered the cockpit, closed the canopy, turned on the ships computer systems, and began the preflight checklist. He fired off his thrusters, took off, raised his landing gear, and sped upward toward the sky.
Approach Control, this is Jhovahkan. Grant me shield access. I am returning to the Kalentun.
The radio returned static for a few moments and then ended with the voice of the watch commander. Yes sir, right away sir. He said with hesitation, Stand by for the shield frequency.
Jhovahkan waited impatiently for the access codes and was just about to bark orders asking the watch commander to speed it up when the radio returned to life.
Sir, we have the shield access codes ready to download.
I was about to ask what was taking so long. Very well, Jhovahkan said as he flipped some switches and pressed a couple of buttons on his control panel. I am ready to receive. Begin transmission.
Yes, Your Excellency, replied the watch commander, transmitting shield access codes now.
Jhovahkans shuttle immediately began to shift and turn to align with the access codes for shield passage. The computer came on acknowledging that access had been confirmed and the shuttle would pass through in thirty seconds. The shuttle passed by the massive control platform that was used as the main staging area for incoming and outgoing flights to Ackturra.
Computer, prepare for space flight. Switch from atmosphere control to orbital control, Jhovahkan barked to the computer, treating it like any other person: with rudeness and disrespect.
Switching controls as requested, the computer responded with no emotion, Passing through planetary shields now...entering orbit.
Jhovahkan plotted a course to his flagship. As he looked out the front view of his shuttle, he was astounded at how beautiful the formation of his fleet looked as he approached his vessel. There were six destroyers aligned in a star-shaped pattern with the Kalentun center stage. The carrier had not arrived at its position but was on the way. He could tell by its distance that it would be ready within the hour. He thought to himself how excellent he had commanded his fleet and was almost cocky with his expectation of success. The fighters were out beyond the orbiting ships, running practice maneuvers. What a sight to see, all two hundred fighters flying in attack formations as they darted in and out among themselves like a swarm of bees.
He opened a com link to his ships docking control and requested landing. As he got closer to the landing bay, the doors began to roll open, exposing the ships landing bay interior. He received landing clearance and made the necessary course corrections and slowed to landing speed. His ship crossed through a shield barrier, which caused the effect of electric shocks flowing all around the shuttle. Once through the ships shields, his landing arms extended from the base of his shuttle, and the craft gently set down at his designated landing pad. The shuttle bay doors began to roll closed, and he powered down his shuttle, opened the canopy, and stepped onto the deck of the Kalentun.
Captain on deck! the ships quartermaster shouted as he approached the shuttle bay exit. Every crewman immediately stopped what they were doing, stood at attention, and signaled their allegiance to their leader by thumping their left fist on their chest and extending it out before them. Jhovahkan returned the salute and ordered them at ease and to return to their duties. 
He toured the lower decks of his ship as was a custom for every commanding officer to do just before entering a major battle. He inspected the engineering section and ensured that the reactor core was tuned and running at peak performance. The tour followed with the crew compartment. He stopped and checked each crewman, probing deep into each of their minds to confirm they were under his complete control. Convinced after studying several crewmen that he was in control of the situation, he moved onto the upper decks and finally ended up at the control center of the Kalentun: the bridge deck.
Captain on the bridge! his first officer shouted, standing at attention as he gave the familiar salute. The only crewmen that did not salute were the helm control officers as they were in the middle of finalizing the Kalentuns position within the star formation and were excused from acknowledging during the operation of the ship.
At ease men, Jhovahkan commanded as he moved around the bridge deck, checking each crewman to ensure they too were under his control. These men were especially necessary to be completely controlled as they were the officers closest to him. The success of this operation depended on them being fully compliant. 
He completed his bridge inspection and confirmed once again that his entire crew was ready, and he returned to his captains chair. He stood for a moment to soak in the gratifying moment of knowing his battle plans were about to be launched and the glorious victory that was sure to follow was only hours away.
Finally, after a few precious moments, he took the edge of his cloak and tossed it out behind him and sat in the big chair. He looked about at his crew performing their final preparations with a sheepish grin on his face. The crew waited with bated breath to hear the command to disembark.
His captains chair had been fitted with the master crystal tuner assembly on the left side of the arm of the chair. The device was cylindrical and fixed with a curved arm that attached from the bottom of the cylinder to the side of the chair at its base. There was a control panel and a monitor fixed on the side of the cylinder and positioned in such a way that the user could easily reach the buttons and could see the readout on the status monitor without any problem. The cylinder itself was two feet long and was eight inches in diameter. The lower half of the cylinder was solid metal and was open at the top. Inside the cylinder, there were two connecting probes, one at each end. These were custom fitted to the exact size of Jhovahkans master crystal.
Open a channel to all commanding officers in the fleet, he ordered as he reached inside his cloak to remove his crystal.
Attention all ships. Stand ready to engage your crystals, he barked as he removed his crystal in the usual way. He was especially careful with his treasured prize. He gave the order to recall all shuttles and fighters and return them to their launch bays. Every ship under his command that was assigned to this fleet, whether they were part of his main attack force or one of the smaller forces, acknowledged they were ready. 
Jhovahkan gave the order to connect their power crystals to their tuners and fire up its control systems. Each captain complied and inserted their power crystals one by one in the crystal tuner devices and switched on the tuners power systems. Each unit began to shoot a powerful-looking beam of energy from an outside array to each of the ships that were in formation around the Kalentun. The beams were reddish yellow, and energy particles could be seen flowing within the beams across and returning to each ship.
Jhovahkan inserted his master crystal into his crystal tuner device and snapped it into place with a click. He switched on the main power and pressed his command codes to enable the device. The master crystal began to glow brighter than it had ever been, and the cylinder opening closed with a door that slid over the top, sealing the light and its energy within. The Kalentun then shot out the same reddish-yellow beam in all directions from its installed outside array at each of the ships in this main fleet. The monitor on his console confirmed that the connection to each ship had been completed successfully. He sat back feeling the massive energy of his crystal flowing through him. 
His face again changed before the entire crew. His sunken eyes became farther recessed. The circles around his eyes darkened as his skin turned pale. He slowly opened his eyes, and the crew could see the reddish-yellow glaze, which looked unnatural, as his master crystal began to take an even stronger hold over its host.
 Do not be alarmed, he said in a soft, comforting voice. We are the voice of the master crystal speaking through your leader. We are one yet separate. I have fully joined our mind with Jhovahkan. We are now in complete control of our fleet.
The others looked on at their leader and gave him applause and cheers as his power crystals influence clouded their judgment.
Second fleet, you are free to disembark to sector 522, Jhovahkan ordered in a commanding tone. Third fleet, you are free to disembark to sector 525. There you will position your ships and wait for your attack orders.
The two fleets acknowledged their orders and began to depart from their current orbiting position toward their target locations. Jhovahkan waited a few minutes for those fleets to clear from their flight path. 
Men, we are about to launch on a very historic mission, the first of many victories. We are proud to be serving as your leader. We will have many victories before us. We will succeed in wiping out every single Zelinite from their pathetic existence. We will not allow one to escape from us. We will not stop until the very last of them have been eliminated forever! he said, looking about with an evil look on his face. 
His crew cheered once again with whistles and vigorous applause. 
Helm, set course for sector 523. All stations prepare for departure, he said with enthusiasm. Engage. He spoke with firm command. 
The fleet left orbit in formation as they headed away from Ackturra and past its two moons. They left behind all their fears, and now only victory showed on each of their faces. 
We will be in attack range in fifteen hours, sir.
Excellent. Prepare all weapons and make ready for battle. Secure all stations.

* * * 
Chapter 12  The Rune


Zelinite Transport
Year: 1983
Tamika slowly walked into the massive room, gazing at the Rune held within its container, not paying any attention to anyone around her. As she got closer to the cylindrical container, she extended her arms out before her.
Luanren, not impressed by the effect of the Rune, turned to their Zelinite host. So what is it about this Rune that is so special?
Isnt it simply exquisite? Tamika said in a semitrance-like voice as she continued to approach.
The huge yellow-reddish jagged rock gave off a glow. It stood fifteen feet tall and had a ten-foot girth. Encased within the cylinder, the Rune gave off an iridescent glow. The rock continued to pervade the entire chamber and persisted to pulsate as if it had a heartbeat. Waves of electric energy flowed all about the surface of the Rune in sequence of the pulsations. 
I wouldnt get too close to it, madam, Milanaka cautioned.
Tamika stood very close to the container and pressed her hands on the side of the glass. The texture of the cylinder was almost liquid in nature, but as she attempted to press harder to penetrate it, she could not breach more than an inch before her hand stopped. She stepped back for a moment and removed her hands from the container, which left a ripple of waves across the surface. She then pointed her fingers straight out and plunged into the container again, attempting to cross through.
Madam, I urge you to step away from the Rune, their Zelinite host said again.
Tamika ignored the Zelinite warnings and continued to press on.
Tamika! Luanren shouted, trying to break her concentration.
Tamika pushed with all her might but was unsuccessful in gaining much ground.
Im afraid you will not penetrate the container, Milanaka stated. And you really dont want to come in direct contact with the Rune either. He said this with a snicker.
Luanren came to Tamikas side and pulled her back away from the Rune and its container. Luanren took Tamika by her shoulders, turned her toward her, and shook her, trying to break the strange spell that had come over her. Tamika opened her eyes and looked at her mother and gave a strange smile and a whimsical laugh. Her eyes had begun to turn a yellowish color, and her skin had started to turn pale.
Come with me, Milanaka said, motioning to the entrance. It seems she is very susceptible to the effects that the Rune can have on one, even through its container.
As they left the Rune chamber, Milanaka closed and sealed the main door. Come, we will observe the Rune from the viewing deck, he said, motioning the way.
You never answered my question, Luanren quizzed again. What is it that makes the Rune so special?
In due time, Milanaka said, In due time. First you must see more, but at a safe distance.
Tamikas eyes and skin returned to normal once the Rune chamber had been sealed. She paused and shook off the rest of the effects of the Rune and turned to her mother.
What just happened to me? she asked in a weak voice.
I do not know, Luanren said, looking at Milanaka. But I intend to find out.
Milanaka escorted his Ackturrian guests to an upper chamber that overlooked the Rune cylinder. They stood by a railing as Milanaka opened the viewing screen, which exposed the towering cylinder. 
Tamika stepped back, not wanting to feel the effects of the Rune again.
Dont worry, madam, we are completely safe here. This room is sealed by the same protection grid as the rest of the chamber, and we are at a safe distance, Milanaka said with a reassuring tone.
What was it that came over me? Tamika asked as she gazed at the Rune.
That, madam was the power of the Rune, Milanaka said wringing his spindly hands together. Not often have we seen anyone affected so strongly by its powerful attraction. Even when sealed in its container, you were totally drawn to it.
I, on the other hand, could have cared less, Luanren interjected
Yes, most interesting. Two opposites, Milanaka answered.
Tell us more of this Rune, Tamika said in a commanding voice. Where does this come from, and why does it have this effect?
I will answer all your questions shortly, but first, like I said, there is more you need to see.
Like what? they asked in unison. 
Watch now. Its almost time, Milanaka smiled.
They all gazed at the Rune within its container. The Rune began to change slightly with each pulse as electric currents began to surge faster across its surface. The cylinder was connected at its base with three large conduits traveling out in each direction to large control panels. As the Rune increased in its activity, the conduits conducted the energy, which traveled down each channel making loud electrical discharge sounds. The lightning-like energy flowed into the three control units. After about five minutes, the Rune returned to its normal activity.
There you have it, Milanaka said. We have figured out how to harness the Runes energy and recharge our ships reactor power.
How often does it do this? Luanren asked.
Every eight hours or three times in a day. This Rune can power our ship for hundreds of years if not for thousands, Milanaka arrogantly said.
And you would give that power up over a few crystals? Tamika said sarcastically. 
Okay, we have seen your light show. Now tell us about the Rune, Luanren said, unimpressed with their host.
Well, Milanaka began, the Rune is very old. We dont even fully understand its antiquity. Its always been there for as long as we have kept records on our world. This is but a small piece of the larger Rune. It has a very strange power over those who come in contact with it. Some have even been killed by its power as the early researchers found out. They were not so fortunate. They underestimated the effect of the Rune, and it caused them to go completely mad. Over a long period, we finally became accustomed to its forces on our people and we adapted. Sure, it can still overcome even the strongest of our kind if we are careless, and some, like you, Luanren, are totally immune to the effects. I assure you though, if you are in direct contact, even you and I could be taken by the Rune.
Are you saying you are immune too? Tamika asked.
Well, I suppose I am. Thats why I was selected for this mission, he said proudly. But the rest of the crew is not. But as long as it remains within the container, everyone will be all right.
So what exactly is your mission? Luanren asked as she put her hands on her hips.
We are going to Ackturra to trade. We heard about all the goods and minerals that are up for bid. We heard about the awesome power of the crystals.
You are not at war with us then? Tamika asked.
Not yet anyway. Weve never been to Ackturra before now.
So you think we will trade crystals for the Rune? Luanren asked.
Heavens no, Milanaka replied. Thats our insurance, but if we dont get the crystals, then we launch the Rune and corrupt them. Ackturrians will not want corrupted crystals, so at that point, they will be traded.
I think that your logic is flawed, Tamika said, now with her hands on her hips.
Oh come now, Milanaka said as he closed the viewing screen. We have much more to discuss. Since you are both representatives of Ackturra, I am confident that we can reach an agreement and not have to resort to using our insurance policy, hmm?
He reached over to the console and called his aide and ordered him to prepare an evening meal for him and his distinguished guests.
I am sure you both are getting hungry by now. Come, I will take you to your quarters to freshen up. We shall dine in one hour.
Milanaka led his guests to his first officers quarters, where they had arranged to stay during their voyage to Ackturra.
Once inside the cabin, the two searched the room for any sign of monitoring being done by the Zelinite. Luanren scanned with her mind as hard as she could and felt no concern at the present time with their host; she was sure that all he wanted was to trade for crystals.
Tamika and her mother sat in the room and faced each other as close as they could so they could talk quietly.
Tamika, we must keep you as far away from that Rune as we can. It is not safe for you.
Mother, I do not know what was happening to me. It was like I watched myself outside of my body. I was not in control. All I wanted was to touch the Rune. It almost reminded me of the effect my power crystal had over me. Come to think of it, Jhovahkan is being completely controlled by his master crystal. Jhahnahkan was right in thinking that there was something wrong with the crystals. 
I felt nothing at all. Milanaka said there are some immune to its effects. I will have to be the one to deal with the Rune. You will have to distract our host long enough for me to gain access to that chamber.
Something just is not adding up, Mother. 
I know what you mean. No war?   Never been to Ackturra before?
Right, how can that be? 
I do not know, but I do not detect any deceit when he says that.
That only means that our recorded history is not accurate.
Or we have altered events by traveling back in time, Luanren said.
Either way, Tamika began, we have the advantage. He knows nothing about us traveling back.
He does sense something is wrong. With us just appearing from nowhere and with our ship having been damaged already, he does suspect something. He is playing his hand well too.
We have a great opportunity here to prevent the infection from ever reaching Ackturra. We must stop them at all cost, Tamika added.
Here is the plan, Luanren said. We will go to dine with our Zelinite friend. I will act like Im sick and leave the dinner party early to retire. I can get the thought across to the guards down the corridor that I am on my way to our quarters. There are no guards at the Rune. Theyre all too afraid to get close to it. I will get inside and launch the Rune at the nearest star. Hopefully that will destroy it. I hope.
Mother, how do you intend to gain access to the Rune chamber?  It has a bio scanner as well as a passcode.
I have the passcode. I was able to read his mind for that. The bio scanners are another matter.
We must be very careful. We cannot fail, Tamika said urgently. Once you leave, I will pretend to strike up a trade deal with the Zelinites. I will try to delay them for as long as I can.
I will give you the high sign when I am about to leave. Just play along. You will know when the time is right, Luanren said.
How will I know when it is time to get out of here?  We will also need to find our way to the shuttle bay. It will not be safe for either of us once they find out what we are up to.
I do not know, my sweetie. I guess we will just play it by ear.
Suddenly, the door of their room opened, and standing at the entrance was Thakaro, the ships first officer. Come with me. Its time for edibles.
Do you people ever knock? Luanren said sharply as they stood and approached Thakaro. 
So what is on the menu? Tamika asked inquisitively.
Tarklotaz, Thakaro said coldly. 
So what exactly is that? Tamika asked.
Its a Zelinite delicacy. We are sure you will enjoy its unique properties, Thakaro again said coldly.
Hmm, I cannot wait, Luanren said cynically.
They entered the dining room that Milanaka had set up for the occasion. The room was dark and cold like the rest of the ship. Steam escaped intermittently from tubes that protruded from the walls, making the place feel like a sauna. Luanren and Tamika were noticeably uncomfortable in this humid environment as they took their seats at the table. 
Milanaka sat at the head of the table. Thakaro sat on his right while Milanakas mate, Thmmeli, sat on his left. The small table was set with a serving dish that sat in front of each of them and was covered with a lid. There were two pitchers of what appeared to be water. Luanren and Tamika each had empty goblets placed in front of them. There were no utensils, something that neither Tamika nor Luanren were accustomed to.
The captains server proudly stepped over to Tamika and Luanrens side of the table, grabbed one of the pitchers, and poured the water-like substance into each of their goblets. As he poured, a brown-colored liquid slopped and splashed in clumps that filled the container. They each bent forward at the same time and peered into the goblets and looked at the substance contained within. They looked at each other with a disgusted look on their faces.
When the server removed the lid on their dishes, they again looked down at what was being served to them in disbelief. On the platter sat an off-white cocoon nicely wrapped up in silk and were twelve inches long and eight inches around.
The server uncovered their hosts plates, which contained the same item. The Zelinites each leaned slightly forward and protruded a long pointed tonguelike organ from their mouths. It penetrated the sack and squirted a brown substance inside, and then they sat back, withdrew their tongue, and waited for a few moments. They smiled at their guests and folded their spindly arms across their chests.
Arent you going to have some? Thmmeli asked as she smiled at her guests and then looked over at her mate, Milanaka. 
First of all, Luanren started, we are not accustomed to such food. You will have to explain to us what it is and how we eat it. 
And if it will kill us, Tamika quickly added.
Their hosts all began to laugh at their statements as they looked at one another with their bellies giggling.
How unthoughtful of me, Milanaka said, poising his elbows on the table.
Here, Thmmeli offered, since you dont have the proper tools nor the enzyme required to prepare the Tarklotaz, we have provided you with the enzyme. She stood and walked to Tamikas place setting. She took her gangly index finger and poked a hole into the cocoon. She made the hole large enough for them to view its contents. Inside was a bug-like creature that had several legs and large body and wings. It was quite dead but perfectly preserved by its cocoon. Thmmeli took the goblet and emptied the brown substance inside each of their cocoons.
You see, she said, we dont ingest solid food. This enzyme will liquefy the Tarklotaz, and then we slurp it up.
Its very good, my friends, Milanaka added. Be sure to wait about five minutes to ensure there are no more solids within.
No thanks, Luanren said as she pushed her plate away from her. I just lost my appetite.
  Very well then, Thmmeli said as she protruded her tongue into the liquid contents of Luanrens serving and sucked it dry. There is no point in wasting perfectly good Tarklotaz. Then she returned to her seat by her mate and began to consume her own serving with the others.
Well, Tamika said, I am all about trying new things. She took ahold of the two ends of her cocoon and slowly began to raise it up to her lips. 
Just as she began to tip it up to taste the liquefied Tarklotaz, the ship began to rock violently from side to side. 
The ships intercom system came to life, and a voice squawked at the captain. 
Sir, we are under attack by the Karillians! the voice exclaimed. 
Luanren and Tamika both looked at each other and exclaimed, Lanatek! 
Tamika sat her Tarklotaz on the plate while her mother grabbed the edge of the table and upended it at their hosts.
Change of plans! Luanren exclaimed. Time for us to go; sorry we cannot stay for the dessert round!
Tamika leaped at Thakaro, who was now lying on the ground. She snatched his hypnotic controlling mesmerizerthat was attached to his belt. She aimed it at him and fired the debilitating burst. Thakaro immediately relaxed from trying to get to his feet.
It works! she said with a shout and then pointed it at Milanaka and Thmmeli, causing them to fall to the ground.
Luanren stared at the servant; he raised his hands high in the air and offered them any help they needed. 
Tamika tossed the weapon to Luanren and grabbed the remaining stun guns from the others.
Take us to the Rune chamber now! Luanren ordered her captive.
Tamika lifted up Milanakas arm and sliced it off at his wrist with her dagger that she hid under her garment. We will need this for the bio scanner.
The server showed them the way as he said to them that taking his hand wont be any real issue as hell just grow another one in a few weeks.
Why are you so eager to help us anyway? Tamika asked.
You see, Ekiipi said, servants are really slaves to the rest of the Zelinites. We are treated rather poorly. Any chance I get to be free, Ill gladly take.
They made their way to the upper deck where the Rune was located while the ship was once again rocked by more weapon volleys. The hull began to groan and creak under the barrage of the attacking fleet.
They could hear more commands coming from the bridge over the loudspeaker to launch all fighters and to man the weapons stations to defend their ship. Luanren fired her mesmerizer at any Zelinite crew member they encountered on their way to the Rune chamber.
Once they arrived at the Rune Chamber entrance, Tamika opened up the control console and placed Milanakas hand on the bio scanner. The scanner successfully scanned his severed appendage, and Luanren punched in the five-digit code. The door unlocked and rolled open, exposing the Rune chamber. 
That is as far as you go, honey, Luanren ordered her daughter. You need to take her to the shuttle bay so we can make our escape. She then turned her back away from Tamika as she addressed Ekiipi.
Yes, maam, he said in compliance, turning to Tamika, who was no longer standing at their side.
Tamika was already at the inside control panel, pressing buttons and programming the Rune container for launch. Her skin again turned pale gray, her eyes glowing the unnatural yellowish glow, and her hair now turning silver gray. Dark circles formed around her eye sockets by the time Luanren reached Tamika.
Instead of inputting launch codes, Tamika had unlocked the containment field. They turned toward the cylinder and saw the liquid-looking shield had lowered, exposing them directly with the effects of the Rune.
More impacts on the Zelinite ship caused Luanren to stumble to the ground as Tamika slowly walked closer to the now exposed Rune. Ekiipi, now at Tamikas side and under the complete power of the Rune, touched the exposed surface.
His entire bug-like body began to shutter as the electricity surged through and surrounded him. He had a big smile on his face with ultimate joy and pleasure, and then he fell to the ground unconscious. 
Luanren pointed her weapon at Tamika. Oh no you dont, she exclaimed.
Just before Tamika touched the surface, she fired the mesmerizer, causing Tamika to go limp and fall to the ground. 
Luanren picked herself off the ground, and as the ship rocked again several more times, she made it to the control panel. Not knowing if Tamika had reprogrammed the targeting correctly and with no time left, she punched the launch button. A timing sequence began to announce a thirty-second countdown. She ran over to her now lifeless daughter, picked her up, and slung her over her shoulder. 
She glanced over at Ekiipi. Sorry, friend, I can only carry one, she apologized.
The countdown timer announced ten seconds as she exited the Rune chamber, which sealed behind them.
The ship began to shake and rock, but this time from the launch sequence and the firing engines on the Rune container now no longer secured by its shielding.
The top of the ship opened, letting the Rune container fly out, which then began to make its way to its target.
Luanren carried Tamika as they made their way to the shuttle bay. No one seemed to care about them any longer as they all were busy with saving their ship form the Karillian attack, which seemed as if they were losing.
On the bridge of the Karillian battleship, Lanatek stood in command of the fleet and barked orders to fire another volley at the Zelinite vessel. The Zelinite ship now began to show signs of weakening as pieces crumbled off into space at their onslaught.
Sir, the Karillian tactical officer said, I just detected a rather large cylindrical object that was jettisoned out of the ship.
Can you get a lock on that object? Lanatek asked.
No, sir, it sped out of range rather fast.
What was its course?
Close as I can calculate, it was on a heading straight for Ackturra.
As the Zelinite ship completely separated in its middle after the last attack, they noticed a small shuttle craft exit the Zelinite shuttle bay. The Zelinite ship then exploded as they continued their relentless attack on their enemy.
Direct hit on their core, sir. That last one has done them in.
Nice job, everyone, Lanatek said proudly with his hands on his hips.
Sir, that shuttle has an Ackturrian energy signature.
Scan that vessel, Lanatek ordered. Make way to intercept.
Yes, sir. 
The Karillian ship turned course and approached the shuttle. They fired weapons at a few Zelinite fighters in pursuit and knocked them out fairly quickly.
That was the last of the Zelinite fighters. As far as their cruiser, there is nothing much left of that either.
Secure from general quarters, Lanatek ordered. This Zelinite threat is over.
Standing down from battle stations... I have alerted the rest of the Karillian fleet as well.
Outstanding job, everyone, Lanatek praised. Bring that shuttle into our launch bay. I am sure that Tamika and her mother are on board.
A tenacious lot they are, sir, the com officer added, I just confirmed that it is them. However, Luanren is declaring a medical emergency.
Lanatek barked orders to the medical department to have a complete emergency staff ready at the shuttle bay.
When the shuttle finally set down and the bay was pressurized, the medical team rushed in to assist.
Luanren raised the canopy on the shuttle and unbuckled the two of them. Tamika lay unconscious in the copilot seat. The medical team reached the shuttle and helped remove her limp body onto a gurney and wheeled her out of the bay and rushed to medical.
Lanatek met Luanren as she exited the bay, moving with the medical team; she wasnt about to leave her daughters side, especially after Tamika had saved her from her half brothers spell and now after they survived the ordeal with the Zelinites.
Lanatek put his hand on Luanrens shoulder and gave her a squeeze.
I am sure Tamika will be all right, Lanatek said, trying to convince the distraught mother.
You do not understand what it is that ails her, Luanren said as tears welled up under her eyes.
What happened over there anyway? Lanatek asked.
 I am certain history has been changed, she said reluctantly. I can only hope for the better.
We had thought you two would have been killed by that Zelinite cruiser. So we made our way to Karillia, formed our alliance, and enlisted the help of one of their fleets to seek out that Zelinite. The bonus is we got you two back.
Lanatek and Luanren looked on through the medical bays glass as the technicians worked on Tamika.
What happened to Tamika?
She has been infected by what the Zelinites call the Rune.
She looks terrible but similar to the transformation Jhovahkan has begun to make.
Yes, Luanren said with fear, the Rune is what infected the crystals on Ackturra a thousand years ago, or to us it has not happened yet or it might be happening. It makes me crazy to think about what has happened.
You are referring to the time travel. We know. The Karillians do not know. We kept that silent. Once we landed at Karillia, it was obvious that there had been a shift in time.
Did you see the cylinder that was launched? Luanren asked. Did you destroy it?
No, Lanatek said with hesitation, it sped away out of range. It is heading for Ackturra.
Oh no! Luanren said, facing Lanatek. We have got to stop that from reaching Ackturra. That will infect the crystals, and our history will not be altered for the better.
I am afraid it is too late. We cannot catch it. It is traveling much too fast. 
We must!
By the time we could intercept it, it will have already reached Ackturra.
Can we warn them it is coming?
I am afraid not. These communication arrays and this older technology, there is no way to send a warning. Even if it did reach Ackturra in time, they would not have enough time to react, even if they believed the message.
You are right, Luanren said, lowering her head. They do not even know who I am.
We need to focus on making Tamika better, Lanatek said, once again turning to the viewing glass.
The medical officer left the medical bay and approached Luanren. We cannot figure out why she is paralyzed. Maybe you can shed some light on her condition.
He is okay, maam, Lanatek assured Luanren. He is from the Crytore. He is one of us.
We must be very careful. No one from this time line must know we are from the future.
Understood, maam, Dr. Nangl said.
This device, Luanren said as she pulled out the Zelinite weapon, is called a hypnotic controlling mesmerizer. We stole three of them from the Zelinites. You fire this at someone and they instantly are paralyzed. I am not even sure how long the effects last. They used it on us when we were captured.
That will explain the paralytic state she is in, Dr. Nangl said with a puzzled look. But what about the other effectsthe yellow eyes, gray skin, and her hair?
All effects from the Rune. That is an evil thing. The Zelinites do not even fully understand what it is, but that is the same thing that has infected all of the crystals on Ackturra, Luanren said, looking on at her daughter. The Rune has some kind of power over those who come in contact with it. However, some are immune to its effects, like me and the Zelinite captain. I also get the feeling that it does not originate from Zelinite. Milanaka, their captain, could not tell us very much about it. My guess is it came from an asteroid that impacted Zelinite. It produces some kind of radioactivity, something we have never encountered before. This Rune is just a fraction of a larger Rune down on their home world. It took them hundreds of years to obtain any understanding, and it is also a power source.
I am sure we can find a cure for this infection, the doctor said with confidence. 
In the meantime, Lanatek said, we need to keep a constant watch on her.
Agreed, the doctor added. I will take samples of her blood and run a full gambit of tests.
Luanren, Lanatek said, accompany me to the bridge. We are going to try and track that thing. At least we can try.
Luanren gave him a smile as they made their way to the bridge. Lanatek gave the order to increase speed to maximum, and the helm plotted a course to Ackturra. 
We need to break away from the fleet. We could make better time that way. Give the order for the rest of the Karillian fleet to continue patrolling these sectors and watch for any Zelinites. Their orders are to intercept and prevent them from reaching Ackturra.  
The Doletitheus, the Karillian battleship, increased speed with the completion of their course change to Ackturra. Its engines blasted them to the ships maximum velocity nearing slipstream, but the thousand-year-old technology made it impossible to break that barrier. Their current speed would bring them into orbit around Ackturra in less than twelve hours.
Luanren talked with Lanatek and brought him up to speed on the events that had occurred since they separated to pass the time.
Sir, the helm said, we are approaching Ackturra.
Maintain radio silence for the time being, Lanatek ordered. Do you have the Rune on your scanners?
Yes, sir, but we are still out of range. It just entered the atmosphere and is heading to the Crystal Caverns.
The people of Ackturra looked up on the bright morning and saw an object racing across the red sky. The Rune descended, leaving a contrail behind, and then it impacted into the Crystal Caverns, causing a tremendous explosion followed by an earthquake that shook the ground, shaking the crystals inside the cavern.
The brightly colored crystals suddenly began to turn colors as the Rune infection spread throughout the cavern while others shattered and broke into thousands of pieces and then fell to the ground, covering the ground with its crystal remnants. 
Captain, Dr. Nangl said over the intercom, Tamika is gone!
What! Lanatek and Luanren said almost at the same time.
Sir, his first officer exclaimed, we have an unauthorized departure from the shuttle bay. 
Stop that ship from leaving! Lanatek shouted.
Too late, Captain, it is already away.
Tamika sat at the controls of the shuttle as she made her way into Ackturrian orbit. Her eyes were now colored yellowish red, and her skin continued to change to gray. She had an evil smile on her face as she flew her shuttle with an extreme sense of urgency.
What is her present course? Luanren asked in desperation.
She is heading to the Crystal Caverns, maam.

* * *

Chapter 13  Together We Stand

Earth
Year: 1983
 Jhahnahkan sat on the sand in the desert with his master crystal suspended out in front of him. He was communing with Rothstavous, standing together within the sphere within his mind, searching for a clue for the direction he should pursue.
Helen entered the sphere with him and approached the two.
There is something disturbing you, my grandson, Helen said.
Yes, Jhahnahkan said, something terrible has just occurred. I feel evil upon us and our quest.
Rothstavous, Helen asked, what do you see?
The infection has occurred once again, he slowly answered.
We are too late, my grandmother, Jhahnahkan said with fear in his voice. I sense more trouble it is my sister Rothstavous, what can you tell me of my sister?  I feel she is in grave danger.
She is, Rothstavous answered. Helen, the time line has changed you must be aware of this
Yes Helen answered, I do feel that the time line has changed. The Zelinites are not at war with us. We are at war with them. Something has happened to change this. I do not know how this could be.
It is Tamika, Rothstavous answered. There was an accident. They were sent back to this time, pulled to this time by you, Jhahnahkan. The crystals have been infected once again. But now Ackturra is the aggressor, not the Zelinite.
How do you know this Rothstavous? 
Your sister has entered the Crystal Caverns, and a crystal has chosen her. Since we are all of one mind, I know what she knows, but there is a perilous downside.
If she knows about us, so will your brother, Helen stated.
I have kept my brothers mind from finding us and knowing our plans, Jhahnahkan reassured.
Yes, you have been successful by keeping your location secret from your brother through me, Rothstavous said. But you were not aware that your sister has now once again claimed a power crystal. She has been infected. Your brother will soon know through her as this change ripples across the time line and reaches his point.
I seek to know what I must do from you, Rothstavous, Jhahnahkan said. Can the time line be restored? 
This is something that I cannot tell you. This is an unforeseen event. However, there is an ancient starship here on terra firma. I brought you here to assist you in preventing the Rune infection. This was the original plan, Rothstavous answered. I will guide you and transport you there. It has been perfectly preserved. It was left behind by your ancestors when they left to find a new home in the event that those who were left behind would change their minds and rejoin as one race. Its existence has been forgotten over the many millennia.
How was Tamika able to teleport back in time without the use of a power crystal? Jhahnahkan asked.
Your sister and your mother have special abilities that allow them to perform many tasks that they normally would only be able to do with a crystal, Rothstavous cautiously answered. Go now. Assemble your team. Prepare them for what lies ahead. You will know what to do.
With that, the sphere vanished, and Jhahnahkan was left sitting in the sand with Helen standing over him. He reached out and took his crystal from before him and tucked it away inside his cloak.
He stood and faced his grandmother. Tears had begun to stream down his cheeks as he sobbed for his sister. Helen wrapped her arms around her grandson and comforted him as he continued to feel the shock of what Rothstavous had told them. He couldnt bear the thought of his little sister falling for this evil, worse yet that she could be the cause of what had happened to the time line. There has to be more to it than this. There has to be a way to fix what has happened, to reverse this corruption, and hopefully cure the crystal infection, he thought to himself.
You should guard your thoughts, my grandson, Helen said to him. You think very loudly when you are distressed. You must be mindful of the power you have obtained through your master crystal.
He released Helen from her hold and held her out before him with his hands on her shoulders and answered back, It is too easy to communicate this way. Tamika showed me how. I was able to do this even before I had a crystal, but now this same corrupt power that I felt with her crystal back on Ackturra, the same power that I tried to warn her about that something was not right, has taken her. Jhahnahkan continued to project to Helen with his mind as he held back more tears. I know my sister. She did not intend to do evil. I know it.
Yes, Jhahnahkan, Helen projected with her mind, I know. She is not evil. Your brother is not evil. Remember, it is not them that are evil. It is the infected crystals in the cavern that have turned them to this evil. They are the root cause.
No, my grandmother,  the crystals are not evil. The Rune is evil. That is what has made the crystals corrupt.
You will find the answer, my grandson. I know you will. You are the chosen one.
Jhahnahkan and Helen walked back to where the others had been sleeping; it was morning now. Rex and Glenda were cuddled by the dying fire. Helen poked them with her cane to wake them while Jhahnahkan went inside the shack to awaken Kate.
Hey, sleepyhead, he said as he stroked her forehead with the back of his hand. He brushed her hair away from her eyes, and she opened them, looked up, and gave him a big smile.
Jhahnahkan, she said in a groggy voice, how long have you been up?  What time is it?
I have been up for hours, he said in a soft voice. You slept for hours. It is after eight. You needed the sleep. You have been through a lot. Your body is still healing from your wounds.
I I will be fine. I did need the sleep, and I do feel much better today, she said as she rose up to give him a hug and a kiss. 
 Jhahnahkan hesitated for a moment and then returned the affection.
Whats wrong? she asked. What is troubling you?  Did I do something wrong?
No, not at all, he answered, again holding back tears.
Then tell me what it is.
Something terrible has happened. The Crystal Caverns have been corrupted. We missed our mark and did not prevent the infection. Now the time line has been altered, and my sister has been infected by something that Rothstavous calls the Rune.
Oh no! she exclaimed. She reached up and took a hold of him by his face and looked deep inside his eyes. Share with me your pain. I can take it away.
What do you mean?
I dont know why or how. Maybe its because I have been exposed to the crystal, or maybe its because we shared something special last night, but I can. I know I can.
She continued to peer inside his eyes and reached down deep within. She could feel the pain that had welled up. She could feel the transfer of his knowledge that Rothstavous had shared with him. She took the pain and absorbed it from him, and he relaxed and sat motionless for a few moments. 
Kate let go of her hold and fell back on the bed; tears poured down her face as she bore the dreadful pain that Jhahnahkan held on to since the beginning of his journey. After a few moments, the pain that she took from him left, and she sat up with a big smile on her face once again.
 She poked Jhahnahkan in the ribs. Hey, dont you feel all better now?
He opened his eyes and took in a deep sigh of relief. Yes, I do feel much better now. How about you?
No ill effects. Seems I can take painful emotions away.
Like empathy.
Yeah, something like that.
Come on, let us join the rest of the team. I have a plan, 
See, you are thinking much better now that you have given me your pain.
Yes, it would seem so.
 The two got up from the bed and walked out to meet with the others. Helen had made breakfast for them consisting of rice and eggs. The five of them sat together and shared the morning meal. Kate informed the others that Jhahnahkan had a plan and would share it with them shortly.
 Jhahnahkan stood after they finished their morning meal. He had a look of direction and purpose on his face as he faced his friends.
It is time for us to depart, he began. This will be a time of great uncertainty. Therefore,  I must again warn each of you that there may be peril in what we are to do. If any of you feel you do not wish to continue, that would be all right. I will understand completely.
Rex was the first one to step forward. Are you kiddin me?  You cant get rid of us that easy, mister.
Thats right, Glenda said, joining Rex. Im in!
Helen and Kate stood together, joined hands, and also stepped forward. We are all with you, Jhahnahkan, Kate said. United we stand.
I may be a foolish old woman, but I still have a few tricks up my sleeve as well, Helen said, tapping her cane on the ground.
Very well then, Jhahnahkan said with an affirming resolve. Rothstavous has shown me that there was a starship left behind by my ancestors. We shall use this to reach Ackturrian space and then to evaluate the situation.
How long will that journey take? Glenda asked.
With the use of the master crystal, we shall be able to transport within minutes.
Oh, this is going to be so exciting, Glenda added.
Just remember this is going to be a very difficult journey. I still do not know what we shall find or what exactly to do once we do get there.
Were gonna need a bit more of a crew to man that spaceship I would reckon, Rex said as he looked at the rest.
I have a plan for that as well as supplies.
In the distance, they all heard the sound of faint rumbling that began to increase in loudness with every passing second.
The five of them looked off into the distance and saw two motorcycles racing in their direction.
Glenda let out a yelp. Yikes!  Its the Russell brothers!  Run!
Wait! Jhahnahkan said with a firm command. 
He stood apart and walked a few feet out in front as the bikers came to a stop before him. The Russell brothers got off their bikes, secured the kickstands, and slowly approached. When they reached Jhahnahkan, they stopped and took off their helmets, removed their gloves and sunglasses, placed them inside the helmets, and set them on the ground.
Thank you for coming, Jhahnahkan said.
We understand now, the brothers said in unison. We heard you calling us in our minds. Anyone that can stand before us and not be afraid, anyone of your stature, deserves our respect and admiration.
   You are welcome to join us, Jhahnahkan said as he extended his hand.
The others looked on in disbelief as Jhahnahkan shook each of their hands and watched the Russell brothers return his gesture with civility. 
Your mission is to gather enough supplies to support us on our journey to the stars, Jhahnahkan said with a commanding voice.
Yes, the brothers said, we will return with the necessary appropriations as you require.
Jhahnahkan gave them a nod, turned back toward his friends, and just smiled. They got back on their bikes and rode off.
What else do you have up your sleeve? Kate asked as she joined his side.
He pulled out his master crystal, held it out before him, and opened up a vortex, and after only a few moments, the good Dr. Sam Collins, who assisted Kate, exited the vortex. Jhahnahkan left the vortex opened. 
Youll need a physician on your trip, the doctor said.
Yes, I ask if you could also join us. 
It would be my honor, Sam said, grinning ear to ear. If you can give me some help, I have collected a stash of medical supplies and equipment that might come in handy.
Glenda, Rex, Jhahnahkan directed, please assist our good doctor.
  The two jumped at the offer and stepped back through the vortex with the doctor and set a rendezvous time to return, and after they entered, he closed the vortex.
Helen, Kate, Jhahnahkan said, it is time. We will move to the starship and begin making preparations. There will be much to do while we wait for the Russell brothers and the others to return. I will recall them to the ship. Gather anything you will need now. We will not be returning here.
The two were busy for several minutes, gathering anything they could carry that might come in handy on their trip, and then returned to Jhahnahkan with their items.
Hey, Kate said, stopping for a moment, I hear sirens. Sounds like Sheriff Matson is coming too.
No, I have not reached out to him, Jhahnahkan said, looking out at the speeding patrol car approaching. I have no use for him. I am afraid we will have to disappoint him once again.
Jhahnahkan held out his master crystal before them and invoked the vortex once again. The speeding patrol car raced toward them. The sheriff had vengeance on his face and gritted his teeth as he approached his fugitives. 
Jhahnahkan, Kate, and Helen stepped through the vortex, and it closed behind them just in time for the sheriff to once again see his outlaws escape. He got out of his patrol car and began to curse. Then he took his hat off and slammed it on the ground and stomped up and down on it vigorously as if that would help him deal with his inability to finally capture his most wanted.
Yeah, he shouted to himself, and I will say it again. You havent seen the last of Sheriff Matson. That is for sure!
The vortex opened inside a dark and vacant room. The air was stale, and the feeling was cold and slightly damp. The entrance of the three as they exited through the vortex caused the interior lights to be triggered, and air pumps and scrubbers fired up, which quickly cleansed the stale air. The room illuminated, and it appeared they were in a cargo hold of an ancient space vessel.
Jhahnahkan stepped over to a control panel that appeared to have been activated by their presence. He pressed some buttons, and a screen appeared and showed the schematics and layout of the space vessel. After he studied the drawings, it appeared as if he already knew the inner workings of this ship.
This is incredible! he exclaimed. After all these thousands of years being dormant, the ship still has an intact power source.
After he spoke the very first words, the ships computer changed all of the labels and displayed markings to his language. 
Kate stepped over by his side and examined the panel. How did that just happen? she asked.
The computer must have a built-in subroutine that interprets voice patterns. It looks as if the ships computers have been active all this time, monitoring and learning every language throughout the centuries.
Quite correct, an automated-sounding voice answered.
Fascinating, Jhahnahkan said in reply. 
I am capable of performing every ship function by voice command, the computer continued. How may I assist you?
Show us the ship schematics on this terminal, Jhahnahkan said.
The computer quickly complied at such a fast pace he had to ask it to slow down the output.
The ship was 550 feet in length. It spanned three hundred feet in width and had a height of nearly eighty feet that contained five decks that also included a conning tower positioned forward, which housed the command center of the ship. The ship could be run by the ships computer, but only seven crew members are needed if in manual mode. The vessel could hold up to eighty-seven crewmen as its full complement. The hull was constructed of an advanced form of titanium that had long been forgotten how to manufacture. The ship had two engines on each side which were of a plasma fusion technology. Jhahnahkan counldnt help notice that this engine technology was far more advanced from anything he had ever seen. The ship had four fusion auxiliary backup engines integrated within the ion-drives. The weapons systems were also just as impressive with three laser turrets and five missile bays with three different types of payloads; the ship contained over ninety missiles in total. The ship was also equipped with several scanning capabilities equally advanced as all of the other systems. 
After the three of them completed the ship review, Jhahnahkan instructed the computer to terminate the preview and requested the rest of the ship be activated, air scrubbed, and reactor fired up to full power. The ship immediately began to come to life, all computer stations were activated, the ships lighting increased throughout, and the computer began to prepare the command tower. The ships engines were also fired up and put on standby, waiting for further commands. 
Jhahnahkan instructed Kate and Helen to stand back. He pulled out his master crystal and opened up a vortex. The doctor, Rex, and Glenda stepped through, bringing with them the doctors equipment and supplies. The three of them looked about their surroundings slightly confused and then realized they were already aboard their space vessel.
Nice digs, Glenda said as she looked around.
Rex and the doctor both agreed as they nodded. 
They moved the equipment to the medical bay, where Sam was completely overwhelmed with the remarkable advancements there were on this ship. I didnt realize that there would be all these things. All of this equipment I brought seems antiquated compared to what this ship has to offer, he said. This is a very humbling experience.
Jhahnahkan, back at the cargo bay, once again opened up the vortex, and a large cargo truck drove through and parked in the middle of the bay. The vortex closed, and Jhahnahkan met the Russell brothers as they exited the cab of the truck.
Here you are, boss, Tim said as he approached Jhahnahkan. 
I see you do nothing small, Jhahnahkan answered. I will not ask how you came into this truck and all of these supplies.
No worries, Chuck said. We got it all legitimately. We pulled in some favors, and here we are.
Chuck and Tim followed Jhahnahkans instructions and off-loaded and stowed all of their supplies for the trip. Then they secured the truck within the cargo bay and were given the task of learning the weapons systems through one of the computer terminals.
As the doctor familiarized himself with the medical bay and the Russell brothers learned the weapon systems on the ship, Jhahnahkan and the rest made their way to the command center. The doors on the deck slid open and revealed the bridge section.
Each station was organized around the perimeter of the conning tower with the navigation control front and center. The command chair was positioned slightly behind the navigator and elevated above the rest of the stations. The captains chair could swivel around a full 360 degrees so that he could face any one of his crew members manning any given station.
Whos gonna drive this thing? Rex asked as he almost drooled at the helm station.
Initially, Jhahnahkan began, the computer will drive this thing, but I can see you are really interested. Looks like I have my first volunteer.
Rex immediately took the seat at the helm control and began to familiarize himself with each function, using the computer as a guide.
Boy, howdy, Im just about as happy as a pig in slop, he said with a big grin on his face.
Glenda, you man the communications channels. 
Yes, sir, she said as she took her station.
We are going to need you to monitor any and all communications once we reach my solar system, Jhahnahkan said. You tell me if anything you hear sounds important.
Glenda gave a nod as she too began to learn her stations functions. Ill have this figured out in a jiffy.
Kate, you are my first mate.
No pun intended, Kate mused as she took her seat next to Rex.
Computer, Jhahnahkan asked, what is our present location?
The computer quickly responded, We are one hundred feet below the polar ice cap.
Oh good, Jhahnahkan said sarcastically, the polar ice cap.
I do not see the point of your answer. I have already provided your location, the computer answered.
Disregard, Jhahnahkan said. Can you fire up our engines and get us in orbit?
Yes, is that our current destination? the computer asked.
Acknowledged. 
The ships reactor and engines fired up, and they could hear the groan on the outside hull. The computer engaged a strange system that caused the entire ship to change to a pale-green color that turned into a phosphorescent glow. The icy grave that the ship had been imbedded for centuries in began to melt away, and a hole formed above the large ship structure. Once the ice had melted and the ship was exposed, they could feel movement.
Hold on, everyone, I think we are about to take off, Jhahnahkan said as he sat firmly in his command chair.
No sooner had he finished his sentence that the ship lifted up and slowly rose into the air. They cleared the icy sarcophagus that the ship had been resting in, and it began to increase in elevation and then headed up toward orbit.
I am hearing all kinds of chatter on several channels, Glenda reported.
What are they saying?
I am hearing several reports of a large unidentified flying object being spotted over the polar ice cap. 
Computer, can you screen us from their scanners?
Yes, I am increasing the phosphorus shielding, the computer said. However, we have several military jets inbound according to my sensors.
Can you take evasive action and keep them from reaching us?
As you wish. Engaging full power to secondary fusion engines.
The crew were pushed back into their seats by the high G-Force. 
Computer, compensate, Jhahnahkan commanded.
Engaging inertial dampeners. Is that better?
Yes, Jhahnahkan said as the G-Force relaxed its pressure on them.
The four military jets that were on an intercept course are trying to chase us, but we left them in the dust, Glenda said with a smile.
Whoooh doggies, Rex shouted, can this bird move or what!
The crew all looked out in front of the speeding ship; the sky disappeared as they entered orbit around the planet.
Engaging artificial gravity units,  the computer said. We have established orbit around terra firma. We are invisible to all sensors.
Maintain our current orbit and wait for further instructions.
The computer complied with its instructions and fell silent.
Glenda, ask our crew below how they are doing after that ride.
They are already reporting in. Theyre fine and are enjoying the scenery, she said, looking over to Jhahnahkan.
Kate stood from her console and moved closer to Jhahnahkan. So what is our next step?
We need to study the current star charts on file and find a general direction, he said. Then we will leave orbit and move out a slight distance from the moon. I will then attempt to open up a large vortex and pass through to my galaxy system.
Can you do that? Kate asked.
I need to rest up a bit, and I will need everyones help on board, he answered.
Rex, Kate asked. have you discovered the computers star library?
Yes, he answered, Im a pullin them up on the screen now.
Rex started to flip through the various charts on file as Jhahnahkan looked over his shoulder.
This is amazing, Jhahnahkan said. There are so many charts. Computer, how did you come into having so many star charts in your library if you have been locked within the ice cap all these centuries?
The computer came alive and began to provide them the answer. While the ship has been locked away, my systems were all active. The same way I assembled the language library, I obtained the star charts.
But earthlings have never left this solar system. We just made it to the moon only fifteen years ago. Explain, Kate said.
The computer once again answered, I obtained them from other visiting starships.
So we are being visited by aliens? Glenda said from across the way.
Yes, the computer answered. 
I knew it! she exclaimed with excitement.
Glenda, this should not be of a surprise to you given all of the things I have told you about me and our people and our fight with the Zelinite, Jhahnahkan said.
I know, but I still get giddy when I see the proof, she said, turning back to her station.
There! Jhahnahkan said to Rex as he rested his hand on his shoulder. Go back one.
Rex complied and backed up to the last chart.
That is my system, Jhahnahkan said. Computer, plot a course to the star system being displayed on the navigation screen.
The computer came alive and began to leave orbit and follow a course to Jhahnahkans home system. 
Computer, estimate time en route, Rex commanded.
Depending on the exact sector for our destination, I estimate our arrival time forty-seven years, eight months, seven days, thirty-six hours, twelve minutes, and twenty-two seconds.
Whoa, Glenda chimed in, thats a really, really long time. Ill be an old woman by then.
Relax, Glenda, Kate said. You must have missed the part about using the vortex.
Oh, silly me, she said with a wink.
Do you know exactly what sector we are going to? Rex asked as he looked up at Jhahnahkan.
Yes. Computer, zoom in on sector 523.
The computer zoomed in the screen and focused on the coordinates.
Computer, set course to this location, leave orbit. Take us out to a safe distance from the moon and engage full power to engines.
The computer immediately changed the ships course and sped away from Earth and flew past the moon. Once they were a safe distance, the computer fired up all its engines while at the same time compensated the artificial gravity so the crew would stay in place.
We are at maximum velocity, the computer alerted.
Great, maintain course. I will give you further instructions in a few moments, Jhahnahkan said. Glenda, assemble the rest on the bridge.
Glenda followed her captains orders and called down to Dr. Collins and the Russell brothers. 
A few minutes went by before the entire team had assembled on the command deck of their ship.
Great, Jhahnahkan began, I need each of you to form a semicircle behind me and the command chair. Each of you will join hands. The two on each end will rest their free hand on my shoulders. Everyone needs to start concentrating on sector 523. I will have my master crystal generate a large enough vortex for the ship to pass through.
We will be ready, Kate said, reassuring the others that this will work.
Before I begin, I must speak with Rothstavous. I will return to you all shortly.
He took out his master crystal and tossed it in the air before him. The crystal suspended in the air just out in front of him. He closed his eyes and found himself within the white sphere where Rothstavous was standing waiting for him.
I see we have found the starship and you have plotted your destination, Rothstavous said in a calming voice.
Yes, we are ready to invoke the largest vortex I have ever attempted. 
You will be successful, Jhahnahkan. You are the chosen one. Just remember to guard your emotions as to what you might find on the other side. Be ready. Be accepting.
I understand. I will be prepared.
The white sphere disappeared, and once again and he found himself sitting in his command chair with his assembled crew behind him.
We are ready. Rothstavous has said this is something that I will be able to accomplish.
His crystal was still suspended out in front of him; it began to glow white as he concentrated. 
Computer, Jhahnahkan said, hypothetical, if this ship passed through a vortex that manipulates time and space, what would our flight time be to sector 523?
Given the hypothetical situation of traveling through a vortex and factoring in the length of this ship, the travel time would be thirty-seven seconds.
Computer, reprogram to accept hypothetical situation as fact.
Processing request, the computer answered. I will add this situation to my data banks for future reference. You may proceed with the vortex situation.
Jhahnahkan turned one last time to his colleagues. Begin to concentrate on our target sector, he said. Complete the connection by touching my shoulders up around the back of my neck.
The crew complied as each of them closed their eyes. The Russell brothers each squeezed each others hands, thinking that would help, and the look on their faces were intense as they were very serious with the task given to them. It was the first time in their lives that anyone cared enough to include them in anything. They were sure not to be the ones to let their new friends down. Their entire countenance had changed through the meeting of Jhahnahkan, and they were truly grateful that they had a purpose instead of their former pathetic existence.
Sam stood with a calm look on his face as he focused on the sector numbers while Rex and Glenda could barely keep their eyes closed, but they still continued to concentrate regardless of them trying to watch what was going to happen in just a few minutes. 
Helen and Kate were on each end to complete the connection. They each looked over at one another, and as if they had a connection, they both reached up at the same time and pressed their hands on the back of his neck and shoulders as Jhahnahkan had instructed, their palms first and then their fingers resting on the back of his neck. 
Jhahnahkan extended out his arms, and the master crystal followed and stopped so that it was positioned between his hands. He reached out as far as he could and began to concentrate on opening up the vortex. The master crystal began to twirl, and as he focused on the vortex, the faster the crystal turned. It began to emanate a solid white beam that shot out in front and passed through the front of the ship. The beam continued to grow in size, and the farther out it went before the ship, the larger in diameter it became until it was large enough for the vessel to pass completely through.
The beam began to spin with what appeared to be dark clouds in space. Lightning discharged all around the perimeter of the opening vortex. Then the familiar vortex formation occurred and stabilized.
Warning, the computer said, entering vortex phenomena in thirty seconds.
Prepare, everyone, Jhahnahkan shouted as the noise within the ship began to increase with the spinning crystal.
Warning, fifteen seconds to vortex impact, the computer counted.
Here we go! Glenda shouted with glee.
Wahoo! Rex added, not being able to contain himself.
The Russell brothers were too scared to open their eyes and kept them glued shut while the doctor nodded in amazement.
The ship entered the enormous maelstrom and then, just as the computer had calculated, completed passing through in thirty-seven seconds. 
The vortex closed as the final ships rear fins passed and space had returned to its once normal, quiet, uninterrupted state.

* * *

Chapter 14  Broken Time

Sector 5-2-3
Year: 1983
The Karillian fleet continued to patrol the sectors of Ackturrian space as instructed by Lanatek. They had just finished scanning sector 523. As they began to change course to move to the next sector, the tactical officer on the Josalc, third in the Karillian fleet, reported to their flagship, the Zeroditha, of possible Zelinite activity approaching from the edge of the sector.
This is Aurasaurs, captain of the Josalc. Come in.
This is Portov, captain of the Zeroditha, report.
We have spotted a Zelinite convoy heading this way, three battle cruisers escorting two cargo ships. They are en route to Ackturra. Do you want me to hail them?
This is Portov to all Karillian vessels scouting sector 523, Alim and Kriaeso, close into formation with the Zeroditha. Josalc and Iulo hold your positions but be ready to join the fleet on my command, Portov ordered. I will make first contact.
The Josalc and the Iulo vessels complied as they ordered their ships to a full stop while Portov opened up communication channels with the lead Zelinite ship on approach.
This is Captain Portov of the Karillian vessel Zeroditha. What is your purpose in this sector?
This is the commander of the Zelinite fleet. One of our captains is overdue to be checking in. He was en route to Ackturra a few days ago on a peaceful trade mission.  
You will turn your ships around, Zelinite vessel. You will not approach Ackturra.
What gives the Karillians the right to have any say on where Zelinites may go or not go in Ackturrian space? 
By the authority provided us from Ackturrian leadership.
Bah, the Zelinite commander said in a nasty tone, stand aside. We shall pass. Do not attempt to stop us. We will take your fleet out. You are outnumbered. He said this with a sheepish, evil grin.
Go ahead and make your move, Zelinite. 
The Zelinite fleet continued to move closer to the Karillian fleet while the Karillians stood their ground. The two fleets approached, and each armed weapons. 
Portov opened communications with the two ships holding fast in the wings. Josalc and Iulo, form up now, he ordered.
The two fleet ships stepped up and moved within range of the approaching Zelinite ships, came into a tight formation, and stood their ground with the rest of the fleet.
Sir, Portovs tactical officer began, I am picking up some rather unusual readings off our starboard bow. Ive never seen anything like it before.
Just as the Zelinite vessel was almost in firing range, a tremendous vortex opened up, and a slightly pale-green glowing ship began to exit. As it passed through, lightning surged around the edges of the vortex. Once the ship had passed all the way through, the vortex closed. Not knowing what this ship was or where they came from, Portov took full advantage of the confusion this caused the Zelinites and opened fire on them. In return, the Zelinites began to target and open fire on the Karillian fleet. Now that there were five battle cruisers instead of the three the Zelinites had originally thought, they began to turn their ships around to make an escape.
Jhahnahkan stood proud at his accomplishment of passing this large object through the vortex, and he wasnt even drained in the slightest.
Warning, the computer said, multiple weapons fire by each of the fleets in this sector.
Evasive maneuvers! Arm weapons and fire!   
Which ships do you want to target? the computer asked.
Target all Zelinite ships.
The computer launched five torpedoes and opened fire with its laser turrets on all of the approaching Zelinite ships. The computer confirmed that every target was impacted and that they suffered major damage. The Karillians continued to pummel the now escaping Zelinites. 
These are Karillians. What are they doing patrolling Ackturrian space? Jhahnahkan asked himself.
Maybe we should ask them that question? Glenda said as she hailed the lead Karillian vessel. Channel open.  She turned and gave Rex a wink.
Karillian vessel, state the nature of your business, Jhahnahkan ordered.
The Karillian captain began to turn his vessel at Jhahnahkans ship and locked weapons.
They have locked weapons, Chuck alerted as he manned one of the tactical stations.
This is Jhahnahkan from Ackturra of the house of S. I suggest you stand down.
Portov looked over at his first officer with a puzzled look on his face and gave the order to stand down but to hold position.
Chuck confirmed that they had indeed shut down their aggressive posture. Jhahnahkan once again addressed the Karillian vessel. State the nature of your business here in Ackturrian space.
We have been appointed by Commander Lanatek, formerly of the Crytore, to patrol these sectors of space and to not allow any Zelinite ships through. Then you appeared out of thatthat phenomena. We were just about to take out that approaching Zelinite fleet, and now they have turned tail and ran. Im afraid we wont be able to catch them.
Let them go for now. There is much to explain and much I must know, but I have no time right now. I need to rescue my sister, Jhahnahkan said.
Kate nudged him in the ribs. I dont know about you, but I think you have plenty of time, she said, looking at his master crystal still suspended after the vortex jump.
Jhahnahkan recalled his crystal and tucked it away. Then he looked over at Kate and quietly said, We must find out what went wrong in the time line. We cannot risk more trips further back in time unless we know how to correct the time line first. 
Thats why we should get as much information as we can before we rush into anything, Kate said. If you want to help your sister, the best thing you can do right now is to find out what happened, and then we can form a plan to rescue her.
Of course, you are correct, Jhahnahkan said, smiling at Kate. That is one of the things I do love about you: you appeal to my rational side.  
Turning back to the view screen, he continued with his conversation with Portov, We will come alongside so we can have a meeting regarding the events of the last few days. Will you agree to come aboard my ship?
Yes, of course, Portov said. I will prepare my shuttle immediately. 
That will not be necessary, Jhahnahkan said as he pulled out his crystal once more. Stand by and step through the portal when it appears. Do not be afraid. 
Portov stepped back as the vortex opened on the bridge of his ship. He looked over at his first officer and told him he was in command. Then he looked at the vortex and cautiously stepped through. 
Jhahnahkan closed the vortex as soon as Portov was on the bridge of his ship. He tucked away his Crystal, and stepped over to the Karillian captain to greet him.
Welcome aboard, captain. Jhahnahkan said.
What just happened? Portov asked, What is that thing?
 You stepped through a space time vortex it is one of the special abilities made possible by my master crystal.
Portov looked about the ship and Jhahnahkans ragtag crew. Where do you come from?  Ive never seen this ship design before?
I cannot tell you much about us. You will have to trust me that I tell you I am from Ackturra. We are on an urgent mission.
You need to tell him, Katie said. I feel he can be trusted.
I give you my word as a Karillian, Portov assured. We have formed an alliance with Lanatek of Ackturra to remove the Zelinite threat. Any information you share with me will not leave the bridge of this ship. 
Very well, Jhahnahkan said with slight hesitation. I risk corrupting the time line even further, but we need to know everything that has taken place. I will hold you to your word as a representative of Karillia.
Yes, I give you my word, Portov said, placing his hand on his forehead and bowing before Jhahnahkan. 
I am from the future as is Lanatek, my sister, Tamika, our mother, Luanren, and the crew of the Crytore. I was pulled back one thousand years as I witnessed my father being executed by my brother, or so I thought. It turns out his mother murdered Qiaoshan. It is complicated. Then Tamika and Luanren were somehow pulled back to this same time. Some type of an accident had created a rift in time that allowed them to travel back. Their arrival has altered the time line. In the original time line, the Ackturrian crystals were infected by the Zelinite after a war ensued not before as is what has happened in this time, which is a thousand years from our time. Now, the crystal infection has occurred before the first trade mission ever arrived to Ackturra. There has been no war, and now the Ackturrians are the aggressors, not the Zelinites. My mission was to prevent the corruption, but now it seems my mission has become more complex now that time has been broken. Jhahnahkan paused for a moment. Can you tell me about my sister? What happened?
I will tell you only as much as I know, Portov began. Lanatek only told me that his captains ship, the Crytore, was under attack by the Zelinites and that when we retuned with our fleet to assist, all we found was fragments of what was left of the Crytore. Tamika and Luanren had been taken captive, and when we intercepted the Zelinites, they escaped. Tamika had been overtaken by a strange infliction.
I assume that was from the Rune, Jhahnahkan said.
Yes, I remember Lanatek saying something about this Rune. Tamika took one of the shuttles and headed to Ackturra. He was in command of the Doletitheus. He set out to follow them in hopes he could have stopped her and to prevent the Rune from reaching the surface.
They apparently did not make it. The Rune has infected the Crystal Caverns, Jhahnahkan said in fear.
We will continue to patrol these sectors and will fight off any Zelinite threat we encounter, Portov said proudly.
No, you will take your fleet and return to Karillia. We need to try and turn around that Ackturra is aggressor.
By your command, Portov said, once again bowing to Jhahnahkan. 
Jhahnahkan thanked Portov for his information and trust before sending him back to his ship. The Karillians fired up their engines and set course back to Karillia.
Computer, set course for Ackturra... Full speed, Jhahnahkan ordered. He then turned to his faithful crew. We shall meet up with Lanatek and Luanren and try to find out more of what happened to my sister.
The crew continued to learn all they could about this ancient vessel of theirs before any real battle they faced as they raced toward Ackturra. Even with these antique engines, they were more advanced than those of Jhahnahkans time, and their trip would find them in orbit around Ackturra in less than three hours.
Captain, Rex said, we should have a name for our ship.
Yes, of course, he replied. Computer, what is your current designation?
The computer replied that there was no name designation since this ship had never been commissioned into service. 
How about the Leif Erikson named after a Viking explorer! Rex said with enthusiasm. 
Ooh, I like that, Glenda said, smiling back at Rex.
The rest of the crew all nodded with Rexs suggestion, and with everyone in agreement, Jhahnahkan ordered the computer to set the official ship designation to the Leif Erikson.
Kate turned to address her captain. We are approaching Ackturra. I have Lanateks ship on scanners.
We are in communication range, Glenda added. Shouldnt we call them?
Rex, Jhahnahkan asked, how are you doing with the ships controls? Do you think you have it figured out?
I think so, Rex answered as he continued to study the control console.
Very well then, make standard orbit close to the Doletitheus. Glenda, open a channel, he ordered.
Doletitheus, this is the Jhahnahkan, captain of the Leif Erikson.
The radio returned an eerie silence for what seemed an eternity. 
Lanatek and Luanren stood on the bridge of the Doletitheus and looked at each other when the radio call came in indicating it was Jhahnahkan.
 Luanren immediately began to probe the mind of the mysterious ship captain. He is telling the truth, she said as tears began to flow down her face. It is my son, Jhahnahkan, and Helen, the real high priestess of Ackturra. 
Jhahnahkan? Lanatek replied back into the com system. 
Yes, I am Jhahnahkan, son of Qiaoshan of the house of S  Mother?  Are you there too?
Luanren stood in shock and reluctantly answered, Yes, my son, I am here. There is much we must talk about.
Jhahnahkan replied, Yes, I do believe you do have some explaining to do, but first we must find Tamika. We need to rescue her from the Rune.
It is too late for that I am afraid, Lanatek answered. She was fully infected by the Rune. She was on the planet in the Crystal Caverns, but now we cannot locate her any longer.
Lanatek and Luanren, you need to come over to my ship. I will bring you and the former Crytores crew through the vortex. The remaining Karillians on board will take the Doletitheus back to Karillia. Are there enough Karillians to pilot her back? Jhahnahkan asked.
  I believe so. There are about seventy or more from the Crytore and twenty Karillians, Lanatek answered.
Appoint the best as its captain. We need to depart as soon as we can, Jhahnahkan said with urgency in his voice. We must return to our own time. I fear Tamika has already traveled back and will try to meet up with my brother. The two of them cannot be together. With their combined power, it will be very hard to defeat them.
Understood, Lanatek said. What shall we tell the Ackturrian government?
Have you been in contact with them?
Yes, we were using them to assist in the search for Tamika. They believe us to be from Karillia since we pilot one of their vessels. We will tell them that we will be departing. What about your presence?
The Ackturrians have not detected our ship. We have some sophisticated shielding that prevents our ship from being scanned. It is only visible at close range, but we need to leave orbit soon to prevent any of their satellites from identification.
Lanatek appointed Xikubair, one of the Karillian officers, as captain. He explained to the rest of the Karillians that they will be transferring over to the Leif Erikson and to take the Doletitheus back to Karillia and not to ask any questions. The former crew of the Crytore were busy preparing for their departure, and all gathered in the lower cargo hold of the ship. There they waited for Jhahnahkan to open up the vortex for them to cross over to the Leif Erikson. 
Luanren and Lanatek were the first to cross over followed by the remaining crew of the Crytore. Luanren ran over and threw her arms around Jhahnahkan as she wept with joy that her son was all right.
Jhahnahkan, being only slightly drained by the energy required to transfer so many at once, staggered somewhat at the onset of Luanren. She held him up by his arms for a moment until he regained his composure.
Why did you hide the truth, Mother? 
I did what I had to do to protect your father, Luanren said, sobbing on his shoulder. Im so sorry, my son. I never meant to hurt you. Can you forgive me?
That is all in the past nowor future, depending on ones perspective, Jhahnahkan said, smiling back at his mother.
His grin made her smile and then just cry just a bit more as she looked up at him and said how proud she was of his accomplishments. 
Always the kidding one.As your mother, I have always wanted to tell you how proud I was; now I get to, Luanren said, holding him in her arms.
With the last of the Crytore crew transferred to the Leif Erikson, Xikubair of the Doletitheus departed Ackturrian orbit and headed for Karillia. Jhahnahkan gave the order from the cargo bay to set course for sector 523 and to put all available power reserves into the phosphorus shielding to prevent them from being detected by any scans.
Lanatek, Luanren, and Jhahnahkan made their way to the bridge tower while the rest of the crew followed their instructions to familiarize themselves with the ship systems for each of their duties they would normally perform.
Lanatek and Luanren briefed Jhahnhkan on all the events that had taken place. They began by telling him of escaping his brother to their encounter with Panru on the Telenian. They told him of their apparent time travel that occurred after the Crytores core detonation and then being captured by the Zelinite. They finally told Jhahnhkan of the terrible fate that brought Tamika seeking Ackturra and the Rune.
The door opened up, revealing the Leifs bridge and Jhahnahkans ragtag crew. 
This is your bridge crew? Lanatek asked as he rubbed his chin. We need to get my people up here now.
Jhahnahkan interrupted Lanatek midsentence. My crew stays, he said with authority. These people have been through a lot with my arrival on Earth. They are very devoted and faithful. They left their lives to come with me, and they have already learned the functions of this ship much faster than even our own people could have learned. They stay.
Have these crewmen ever seen battle before? Will they be able to handle it? Lanatek questioned.
I trust my life with these people. They have always come through.
Yes, they have, Helen said, stepping forward.
And who is this? Lanatek again questioned as he stooped down and peered in the old womans eyes.
You will be mindful, young man. You need to learn respect, Helen said as she poked Lanatek on the chest with her cane. Do not question the authority of Jhahnahkan, son of Qiaoshan of the house of S! 
This is Helen, Jhahnahkans grandmother, and you shall do good to listen to this wise old woman, Kate said with a wink toward Helen.
Who are you calling old? Helen answered back.
Lanatek bowed to the old woman and reluctantly agreed to Jhahnahkans request while he introduced the rest of his bridge crew.
We are at full speed, sir, Rex informed his captain, And on course to sector 523.
Glenda, Jhahnahkan said, pointing at her com station, Open a shipwide channel.
Channel open, Glenda said after clicking a few buttons on her console.
Attention, all crew, he began, this is the captain speaking. In just a few minutes, we will be entering the space-time vortex that will send us back to our own time. I do not know what we will find once we arrive. I suggest we all prepare for anything at this point. 
Jhahnahkan sat in his captains chair, removed his master crystal, and suspended it out before him and then continued. The time line that we were from may not be exactly as we remember it. Tamika and Luanrens arrival and interaction with the people of this time has broken and altered what we knew. He continued to address his crew as he focused on manipulating his master crystal. I advise we all hang on as it could be a rough ride through the vortex as we traverse one thousand years and embrace the time line changes that have occurred.
At that moment, Jhahnahkan found himself within the white sphere facing Rothstavous, and he addressed Jhahnahkan as grandson. 
You already know, Jhahnahkan, the essence of your grandfather resides within, Rothstavous began. I have already told you that, but what I have not told you is that your essence is also a part of me now. 
I do know, my grandfather, Jhahnahkan said.
Once you become aware of the true nature of the power source, you will be able to defeat your brother. The power is within you, not within the crystal. I am simply a vehicle to your own understanding.
Yes, my grandfather, I am beginning to understand now.
But there is one thing you still must overcome. Do you know what that is?
I am unsure.
You must come to the complete understanding that you may not be able to save your sister, Tamika.
No! I I know I can.
Do not be foolish, Rothstavous said. Once you accept the fact that she may not be saved, you can defeat your brother, and you may have to fight him to the death.
I can save them both. It is the infected crystals that have caused them to do evil. Once I heal the crystal infection, they can be saved from the evil they are doing.
Rothstavous abruptly interrupted Jhahnahkan, You will be defeated if you go into this battle with false hope, my grandson. Put away those feelings. Bury them down deep inside or you will not be victorious. Do not think of yourself or them, but think of the greater good. Think of your friends who are depending on your success. Think of Katie, who bears your child.
My child? What do you mean my child?
Helen and Kate both entered the sphere at the same time and joined Jhahnahkan at his side.
Katie looked up at Jhahnahkan and gave him a big smile. Its true, my love. I am carrying your child.
It is a miracle that she can conceive, Helen said, looking at Katie with promise. You will make a great mother. Trust me. I know these things.
Tears began to well up in Jhahnahkans eyes as he learned the news. What Rothstavous says is true. I may have to kill my brother. I have to let go of trying to save Tamika.
I did not say it could not be done, my grandson. I am merely saying that you must let go of the fact that she may not be saved, Rothstavous said as the sphere began to dissipate. Now go, travel back to your own time. Face the truth. Look for the answers that are within.
Jhahnahkan, Kate, and Helen once gain found themselves back on the bridge of the Leif Erikson as they stared out the front of the ship as they entered the vortex that would send them back the their future. 
As they crossed through the time expanse, Jhahnahkan thought about his sister and what Rothstavous had said about letting go. He thought about his brother and the possibility of facing him in battle, a battle to death. How could he kill is own brother? Even after all the things that have been done, he still loved him. Knowing that he was his half brother changed nothing about his feelings. He thought about Kate and the news he had not even began to fathom. How could he bring her into battle when she was with childhis child? He thought about Helen. What was to become of her? He thought of his entire crewRex, Glenda, the Russell brothers, and the doctor. They hadnt even seen battle before now, yet he resisted Lanateks suggestion of running the ship with the former Crytore crew. What were they going to find on the other side of the time vortex? What changes would they notice, and what changes would go unnoticed? All of this was about to be revealed as the ship passed through the vortex and exited at the other side.
The Leif Erikson returned to normal space, its engines still blazing toward sector 523. Jhahnahkan regained his composure, his master crystal still suspended out before him and slowly tuned like a top. He looked around the bridge crew and counted everyone and discovered everyone was still there. 
Rex, what is our current position? Glenda, what do you hear on the com channels?
Rex turned his chair around to face his captain. We seem to be in your time now. We are just minutes from our set course.
The com channels are full of chatter orders being relayed... They are originating directly ahead of us. It seems like several ships are on course for the same place.
Kate monitored her council and interrupted Glenda. Yes, we have several ships that the scanners have picked up. They originated from Ackturra. They are cloaked by some kind of network. Our scanners can scan through the net.
Its my brother! Jhahnahkan said with a start. I feel his presence. He is also aware of me through my master crystal. They are linked together. 
Oh, brother, Jhahnahkan heard inside his head, brother, I know you are there somewhere. Jhovahkan was talking in his mind. Come out, come out wherever you are.
He is taunting me, Jhahnahkan said. Computer, increase the phosphorus shielding.
The computer answered back that the shielding is at maximum power.
Jhahnahkan concentrated on his brother and answered him back. Im right here, my brother. I have returned to avenge my fathers death. You or your mother, Ghaia, will not get away with this deceit. I am not afraid to face you, my brother! he said with hate in his voice. If you are so powerful, why can you not come and find me?
You will have to wait. I am on my way to destroy a fleet of Zelinites that are trying to infiltrate our main jamming station, Jhovahkan said.
Kate came to Jhahnahkans side, took his hand, and gave him a squeeze to give him support. You are in contact with him, arent you?
Yes, he quietly answered, I must face him. I must stop him with his plans.
I hear your every thought now, my brother. You must be very close to me, Jhovahkan said in his mind. Just watch, my brother. We are about to commence our attack.
He grabbed his crystal and cupped it as if he was trying to prevent his brother from hearing his next orders.
Lanatek, you must take command of the ship. Do everything you can to prevent the attack. Kate, stay here with Luanren and the rest. Do not leave this ship no matter what. I feel this is the safest place for you. Dont risk putting our child in harms way.
Lanatek quickly took over command and began to bark orders to the bridge crew. Tim and Chuck, I hope your skills are trained up enough. I need you to fire a burst pattern out in front of the ship. Spread them out to expand a couple thousand feet apart and detonate them simultaneously. I am betting that will temporarily take down their net of protection. Kate, once those ships are visible, I need scans on their ship signatures. There are some among Jhovahkans fleet that are loyal to the southern clan and oppose Jhovahkan. Glenda, if they match what I am looking for, then send them this coded message: Turn on him now. They will then open fire on the Kalentun and we can capture the fleets flagship.
Kate wrapped her arms around her lover. Where do you think you are going, mister?
I must take Jhovahkan out of this equation. I am going to face him alone, just him and me.
And your two master crystals, I might add, and by the way, if you didnt even notice, you have begun using contractions, she said with a smile.
Yes, I must say I havent even thought about that. They are just coming naturally now.
Jhahnahkan stepped off to the side and waited for the right time to act. Lanatek gave the order to fire the weapons spread and instructed the rest of the crew to stand by.
Tim and Chuck assembled the weapons array and instructed the computer to fire at the designated target. The ship fired a spread of five torpedoes out in front of their ship. They quickly traveled to their destination where the computer sent a signal to detonate. The screen lit up with a fiery red blast from every missile exploding. A faint reddish shadow began to appear that revealed Jhovahkans armada, the carrier situated just below the Kalentun with five support destroyers surrounding the flagship.
The net has been broken. Scan those ship signatures, Lanatek ordered.
Scans are coming in now, sir, Kate said.
Lanatek looked over Kates shoulder at the display console and instructed Glenda to send the message. There are three of these ships that are on our side! Lanatek said with a shout.
Message sent, and it seems they have received it, Glenda answered.
As they looked on before them, they saw two of the destroyers break formation as well as the carrier below. They regrouped and began to fire upon the Kalentun. The carrier launched a hundred fighters and started to swarm the other three destroyers, who also began to fire upon the attacking ships.
Sir, Im picking up another ship incoming from the other side of the sector, Kate said.
Im picking up a message, Glenda said. He says he is Panru from the Telenian. They are coming to join us.
The Telenian blazed into the area, firing all their weapons at the northern clan ships. Now, Jhovahkans armada had split, and the crystal net had been compromised as the battle in the sector was no longer about wiping out the approaching Zelinite ships en route to take over the jamming station. They were now battling with themselves over who was the lead force, the northern or southern clan of Ackturra. 
The approaching Zelinite fleet turned and fled the area, not wanting to get in between the two fighting factions. They decided to let them battle it out and return to Zelinite. They thought it would be better not to cause more conflict in this region of space; the Zelinite hoped that Ackturrians would destroy this jamming station so communications would be restored. It would be the demise of the Ackturrians own war machine that had been waging war on every planet in this solar system for the last thousand years that would undo a thousand years of terror.
Jhahnahkan took the opportunity of confusion to take action. He held his master crystal out before him and concentrated on forming a vortex while thinking of his brother. He didnt want to suppress the feelings of hate he had for his brother right now. Though he did still love his brother, he continued to increase his anger to feed into the vortex.
The maelstrom opened before him, and he ran inside, closing it behind as he left the bridge of the Leif Erikson.

* * *
Chapter 15
The Crystal Caverns


Ackturra
Year: 2983
Jhovahkan sat in his command chair and began to give evasive orders as his own fleet began to turn on him. The three remaining destroyers were ordered to protect the Kalentun at all costs.
He pressed the release button on the master crystal tuner console, which then opened at the top, exposing the luster of his master crystal. He reached inside and disconnected it from the device, knowing that the control net would be taken completely down. 
He watched in dismay as his plans of victory over the Zelinites were turning into an all-out civil war between the north and south clans of Ackturra.
I knew this day would eventually be upon us. He spoke with anger in his voice. Jhahnahkan will pay for this. It is his entire fault! he shouted as he stood from his command chair.
He looked out from the bridge of the Kalentun and saw his fleet firing weapons at one another, missiles exploding, and fighters darting in and out among his ships. There wasnt too much damage as their armor and shields kept their ships intact for the moment.
Sir, his tactical officer said, the Telenian is entering our sector.
Good, Jhovahkan said. With Panru on our side, we will have the advantage.
The Kalentun began to rock and sway with the energy weapons discharge on their hull.
They are firing at us? Jhovahkan exclaimed in confusion.
Yes, sir, the tactical officer shouted, they have joined the southern clans movement.
That is impossible! Jhovahkan barked. My master crystal would have alerted me of his deceit. I trusted him with the command of the Telenian.
Jhovahkan did not even have a chance to finish his sentence when a vortex suddenly appeared on the bridge of the Kalentun. It was Jhahnahkan coming to avenge his fathers death.
Jhovahkan looked over at his brother and saw his face displaying anger in his eyes and his teeth gnashing as he rushed toward him. The vortex remained open and traveled with him as he approached him. Jhahnahkan grabbed his brother, taking him by surprise with a mighty shout like a war cry as if he entered battle. With both arms, Jhahnahkan connected with his brother in a half tackle, which took Jhovahkan off-balance. Jhahnahkan carried them both off into the moving vortex. The bridge crew looked on as the two brothers disappeared from the ship as the vortex closed almost as fast as it had opened.
Their captain was now missing, which caused complete chaos on the bridge of the Ackturrian flagship. Jhovahkans first officer took command and continued with fighting off the southern clans attack by commanding them to fire on any attacking ship. 
Lanatek, in command of the Leif Erikson, ordered them to position themselves off to the rear left side of the Kalentun and fire all weapons at its midsection. Tim and Chuck flipped switches and pressed buttons to comply with the order. The ships computer locked target and fired at the Kalentun at the same time the Telenian fired at the front section of the Ackturrian flagship.
The resulting barrage of weapons fire appeared to take down the Kalentuns shields. One of the northern clans destroyers moved in between the Leif Erikson and the Kalentun to absorb any further battering from Lanateks assault. 
The Kalentun began to retreat and attempted to speed away to repair the shield damage before they took on too much hull damage. The remaining northern clan ships, being commanded to protect the flagship, broke off their attacks and formed into a small fleet.
The Leif Erikson took charge of the southern clans ships Lanatek ordered the bridge crew to allow the Kalentun to escape; they needed time to regroup and form a proper chain of command for their movement.
* * *
Ackturrian Caverns
Year: 2983
The two brothers exited the vortex and fell to the ground in a cold, damp cavern. The light was minimal; the cavern was only illuminated by the glowing crystals that were everywhere. Broken shards of crystal fragments were scattered all about them as they had been the first time Jhahnahkan entered the Crystal Caverns.
The two picked themselves off the ground. They glared at each other like two bulls ready to charge. Each held their master crystals out in front with their left hand, aiming them as if they were a shield. Their cloaks flowed out behind them in a gentle breeze coming from somewhere inside the cavern. They were crouched slightly and slowly moved around each other, preparing themselves for the inevitable conflict. 
Well, well, my brother, Jhovahkan said, breaking the silence, it is good to see you again. He grinned from ear to ear.
Thats the same thing you said the last time we met. Somehow I dont believe you, Jhahnahkan replied with bitterness in his voice.
You are still jealous that I am the firstborn son and will succeed our father as leader of the high council. Get over it, Jhahnahkan.
 I think you are jealous that I finally beat you in Banttuuk.
You might have won that contest, my brother, but you will not win this one.
It is you who will not win, Jhahnahkan said coldly as he began to close the gap in the circle; they continued to move around each other.
This civil war is your entire fault, Jhahnahkan!  I was about to begin to destroy the Zelinites and rule over them and this entire galaxy, and like a coward, you never returned from the Crystal Caverns to take your seat on the council. So where did you disappear to for all this time?
I think you know. Im sure your master crystal told you.
I am beginning to understand your confusion, my brother, Jhovahkan said in a whisper. Open your mind up to me. Let me read your thoughts.
Never! Jhahnahkan said with a shout. I will not let you inside my head.
I do not understand your problem?  Let me in so I can understand, he replied with an evil grin.
No! I have come to avenge our fathers death and to take over as the new leader of the high council. I am the rightful son. I am the true firstborn of Qiaoshan.
Jhahnahkan looked at his brother with a puzzled look as another person entered the area back in the shadows.
I am quite alive, my son. 
Jhahnahkan looked over at the figure in the shadows, and then he stepped into the light. Jhahnahkan could hardly believe his eyes. 
Father?
* * *
Leif Erikson 
Command Center
Year: 2983
Lanatek ordered Glenda to isolate a com channel for their ships to communicate without the northern clan ships access. Glenda manipulated the console with the assistance of the ships computer and opened a channel to all of the southern ships.
This is Lanatek, temporary commander of the southern fleet by order of Jhahnahkan of the house of S, Lanatek began. Yes, Jhahnahkan has returned to avenge the death of his father, Qiaoshan. He will bring to justice his brother, Jhovahkan, and Ghaia, the high priestess, for their treason in the murder of Qiaoshan.
The com channel returned static for a moment before an answer from the Telenian was heard. This is Panru, Lanatek, the captain replied. I do not know what you are talking about. Death of Qiaoshan? The high council leader is alive and well on Ackturra.
The other captains also replied, causing the com link to jam with chatter, asking what Lanatek was talking about. 
Stand by, he answered.
Apparently in this time line Qiaoshan was not murdered, Helen interjected.
Apparently, Lanatek said as he looked over at Luanren and Helen. These jamming stations also used to belong to the Zelinites in our time line. There is more wrong here than we really understand.
Luanren used her mind to probe the other ship captains. You need to explain everything to them or they will not follow you as leader. There is one thing that remains a constantJhovahkan is still on a mission to destroy all Zelinites, but now he wants to conquer the entire galaxy and to put them under Ackturrian rule guided by his father, Qiaoshan.
 Attention, all southern clan ships, Lanatek begged, please hold your positions and prepare to learn some things that may not sound real to you. You must trust me. You must understand that we do need to defeat Jhovahkan and the northern clan from completing their plans. After I tell you all these things, we need to put out the word to all southern clan factions to form up. All our ships must assemble here with us. This ship will become the flagship of the southern clan. You must trust us. Look at this ship design. Have you ever seen anything close to this vessel?  I urge you to scan us, and you will find the proof.
Very well, Panru said, speaking for the rest of the fleet. We will listen to what you have to say. I must admit that vortex your ship came through is pretty strong evidence that it may indeed belong to Jhahnahkan.
Lanatek began to explain the situation and provide as much proof as they could to gain the trust of the entire southern clan movement. The ship captains stood by holding their position and monitoring the sector for the return of Jhovahkans fleet.
I do not think he will be returning until he has reinforcements, Panru offered.
I think you are correct, Lanatek replied. However, we must be ready for anything.
The fleet captains all agreed that Jhovahkan is unpredictable and would try anything.
Luanren came close to the com system and offered her opinion. Jhahnahkan left the Leif Erikson through the vortex he can create. I believe he is with his brother, but I am not sure where. I do not think they are on board the Kalentun.
The ship captains once again agreed but decided to continue to scan the sectors in range.
We know all of the northern factions ships, Panru offered. If any of them attempt to cross over to the Kalentuns position, we will intercept.
What of the jamming stations? Lanatek asked.
We built them, Lanatek said. We have the access codes. Perhaps we should disable the station, or would it be better to keep them active and take them over?
That depends if there is a benefit of occupation. Can we adjust the jamming stations to allow our signals to pass through?
I am sure that is what the northern clans are doing now. I vote we occupy, Panru said.
Agreed, Lanatek said with authority. 
If we could get close enough to shut down the jamming stations shielding and enter the station, it would be very easy to overtake the twenty or so crew manning the site, Panru said.
The Leif could get in close with our advanced shielding, Lanatek began.
Helen interrupted Lanatek. If I had a focus crystal, I could send an armed squad over. They would not even know what hit them, she said with a devious smile.
Any of the crystals that the southern captains hold are corrupted. They would begin to corrupt you, Luanren said with concern.
While it is true that they are currently corrupted, we can heal them like we did the first one. With the Terrens presence, we can, Helen answered.
Yes, Kate added, we could heal them. I know we can.
Then it is settled, Panru said over the com. I need a volunteer to give up their crystal to Helen.
Within minutes, Helen was in possession of a focus crystal. Ah, I have missed having one of these, she said with a lift in her voice.
We will assemble an assault team in the lower cargo hold, Lanatek ordered. How many can you send over at once?
I should be strong enough to send twenty or so. If I have help from our Terrain friends, maybe as many as thirty, she said with a smile. 
The assault team assembled in the lower cargo bay. Chuck was assigned to head up the team, and he agreed to the task with joy. I finally get to do something that I am good at for a good causebeating people up, he said with a chuckle. 
Okay, everyone, listen up, Lanatek said with authority. Your job is to take over the station, and then you will be in charge of manning this station. You should be able to interface with the remaining stations as well. 
He gave Chuck the frequency codes to set that would allow their com signals to communicate among the other southern clan controlled ships.
Once we have control, I will contact several other ships to take our place in controlling this sector from the north. We need to make our way to Ackturra and deal with taking over the planetary shield control stations, at least one of them, so we can pass freely to and from obit.
The team acknowledged their mission and made ready to move over to the jamming station through Helens vortex, and the Leif Erikson would depart for Ackturra.

* * *
Ackturrian Caverns
Year: 2983
Qiaoshan stepped into the light where Jhahnahkan could see him. Yes, I am very much alive, my son.
If father is alive, how do you possess a master crystal?
It was a gift. He thought by giving me his crystal to join into one, it would make me even more powerful. He knew I needed the power from his crystal to launch my attack and finish the work he started: complete Ackturrian rule in the galaxy.
Jhahnahkan dropped his guard momentarily as he tried to understand, finally realizing this is just one of the alterations to the time line. But it was too late as Jhovahkan charged at his brother with his momentary lapse caused by the shock of seeing his father. 
Jhovahkan leaped at his brother, and this time, Jhahnahkan was tackled, and the two wrestled on the ground. Broken shards of crystals crackled beneath them as they rolled on the ground.
I watched you kill my father! 
You are delusional!
Now I know why you have been gone, my brother, Jhovahkan struggled to say as the two continued to wrestle. It was you who formed the southern alliance to oppose the council. You are responsible for this civil war.
It is you who are delusional, Jhovahkan, he said as he struggled to speak. You cant wipe out an entire race. It is not morally right.
Who cares, my brother. All that matters is Ackturrian rule. It is not too late to end this and join our movement.
Never! Jhahnahkan exclaimed. Dont you see?  The time line has been fractured. None of this is supposed to happen this way. I must go back and fix what went wrong. He finally collapsed to the ground in tears. He fought his emotion the best he could but finally succumbed to the overwhelming feelings knowing his sister was now taken by the Rune. Now he was faced with seeing his brother having turned totally evil. Even in the original time line, Jhovahkan would have some compassion.
You are weak, Jhovahkan said. You have always been the weak one. He too collapsed on his knees, huffing and puffing.
Qiaoshan looked at his two very different sons and finally saw enough and came to their sides. My sons, he began, you cannot settle these differences by brawling. Stand, the both of you!
Jhovahkan looked over at his father with those deep sunken eyes that glowed reddish yellow; his face turned gray in color, and he muttered some words beneath his breath. 
Jhahnahkan slowly stood up at his fathers command, not wanting to show a sign of weakness as well as disobedience.
What did you say? Qiaoshan asked.
I said, Jhovahkan began as he too slowly stood to his feet, it appears that you are the weak one. 
As he finished with his disrespectful words, he rushed his father, holding his crystal out in front of him; he knocked his father to the ground and stabbed him in the heart.
Qiaoshan looked his own son in the eyes, and he fell backward to the ground, bleeding from his wound. He then looked over at Jhahnahkan for the last time as his eyes dimmed and closed with the last breath of his being leaving his body.
Jhahnahkan looked on in disbelief, seeing his father murdered for a second time. He looked at his dead body as his brother laughed at the sight as a madman would. 
Anger welled up again within Jhahnahkan as he witnessed this fathers murder and knowing what his brother was truly capable of doing. He suspended his crystal out before the two and concentrated on entering the white sphere.
The two brothers found themselves in a white sphere. He had done it. He could face his brother here knowing this is in his mind and not in the physical.
Jhovahkan stopped laughing and looked at his surroundings. Well, what have we here, my brother?
You will answer to your crimes, Jhovahkan. 
Oh really, he answered sarcastically.
You are in my arena now. I control what happens here.
I do not think you can control anything, my brother.
Jhahnahkan held his hand out and began acting like he was squeezing his neck. Watch me. Are you having trouble breathing, my murderous brother?
Jhovahkan began to choke and had difficulty breathing. He grabbed his throat as if to pull away the hand that was squeezing his breath away but couldnt find anything there.
You see, I said this is my arena. I control what happens, he said as he continued his choke hold on his brother.
Jhovahkan struggled to speak. Youkillme and you areno better than.me, he said, gasping for air.
I wont kill you. Just put you down, he said as he continued to squeeze the life out of his brother.
Jhahnahkans eyes also began to change color to the familiar yellowish glow that began to become visible in his brother.
Rothstavous appeared within the sphere at that moment. Jhahnahkan, you must not kill your brother. You are being controlled by the Rune. I will not be able to stop you soon. The infection will begin to take over your master crystal.
He continued to choke his brother while Jhovahkans face turned red, and his eyes began to bulge out of their sockets. Jhovahkan, now being unable to struggle for air any longer, collapsed to the floor unconscious.
Jhahnahkan released his grip and returned them once again to the Crystal Caverns as he understood what Rothstavous was telling him. He knew there was another task at hand and killing his brother would not accomplish the goal of rescuing his brother and sister.
* * *
Leif Erikson 
Command Center
Year: 2983
Helen went over to Luanren and Kate with a sense of urgency. We need to teleport to Jhahnahkan. He needs our help. Come, quickly.
But Jhahnahkan said for me to stay on the ship, Kate said as Helen pulled her by the arm.
Nonsense, Helen said matter-of-factly. We need a small security detail as well. Tim, you are with us. She motioned him to follow. Glena and Rex, you too, we will need you with us. Come on now. We must hurry.
Kate and the rest followed Helen down the corridor to a cargo hold. 
The ship wont reach Ackturra in time. We need to intervene now, Helen said, reaching for her new crystal.
She opened up the vortex and instructed them all to step through. Helen then entered and closed the vortex behind.
The group exited the vortex within the Crystal Caverns and saw Jhahnahkan standing over the lifeless body of his brother. They looked over in horror and saw the stab wound in Qiaoshan, the crystal still sticking out his chest.
Kate ran to Jhahnahkan. What have you done, my love? she said with tears in her eyes.
Hes not dead, Tim said as he squatted down, checking for a pulse on Jhovahkan. However, hes not looking so good. He then looked over at Qiaoshan.
What happened here, my son? Luanren asked.
I have no time to explain, Jhahnahkan said. First, we need to apprehend my brother. Helen, open the vortex and have Tim escort him to the brig on the Leif. He then motioned the way. The only way I can prevent the infection from spreading to my master crystal is to join Jhovahkans crystal with mine. Together, they will be strong enough to resist the Rune until we find it and figure out how to stop it from spreading.
Tim picked Jhovahkan off the ground. Still not fully conscience, he stumbled with Tim and Helen, not being able to fight back and now powerless without his master crystal. Helen opened up the vortex, and the three disappeared within.
Jhahnahkan stepped over to his dead father and pulled Jhovahkans master crystal from his chest. Stand back, everyone, he said as he held both crystals at arms length.
Naeg Mos Magniglieo, he said as he slowly raised the two crystals over his head, Ackraamon, two into one. He finished by slapping the two crystals together.
The result was a loud clap of thunder that resonated within the caverns as it echoed against the cave walls. The shockwave that issued at the same time began to break the other crystals in the cavern. The noise of the crystals shattering became earsplitting.
The ground began to quake, and the group lost their footing. The two crystals now formed into one super crystal that he held over his head in triumph. 
A vortex opened up once again behind Jhahnahkan, and he stood proud, ready to show his grandmother his accomplishment, thinking she was just about to return to the group.
He looked on as the group watched in horror at the sight of the person exiting the vortex appeared.
Tamika flew through the air as she manipulated her vortex to remain open and caused it to travel with her. They saw her eyes, now fully sunken within her head. Dark circles had formed under her eyes, and her skin and hair had turned gray in color. She snatched the super crystal from the grip of her brother and then disappeared within the vortex and it closed behind her.
The group looked on in shock as to what had happened as they processed what Tamika had done. 
Nooooooo! Jhahnahkan shouted as he fell to his knees in defeat.
What are we going to do now? Glenda asked.
The vortex opened and Helen stepped out to rejoin the group after delivering Jhovahkan to the brig.
Jhahnahkan slowly stood to his feet. I will do what Rothstavous told me I need to dofind the power within myself. He said I would not need the crystal any longer. I will learn to use my abilities without them, he slowly regained his composure and looked up toward the ceiling in the cavern, We will now have to search for this crystal in order to save my sister from the Rune
I have always said simple questions will get simple answers. I am sure you will find the power within... Trust me I know these things, Helen said as she winked at her grandson, Find her crystal and you will find Tamika.

# # #
Lexicon

Ackraamon  Awk-ra-mon...Ritual
Ackturra  Awk-turaHome world
Aurasaurs  Or-ah-ser-us ..Karillian Officer
Banttuuk  Ban-tuck..Battle contest of Ackturra
Doletitheus  
Dole-tie-theus...............Karillian battle cruiser
Ekiipi  Eck-ep-pe...Zelinite servant
Ghaia  Ga-high-a..High Priestess of Ackturra
Iulo  U-loKarillian battle cruiser
Jhahnahkan  Ja-ha-na-kanSon of Qiaoshan
Jhovahkan  Ja-ho-va-kan...Brother of Jhahnahkan
Josalc  Jaws-lick.Karillian battle cruiser
Kriaeso  Ker-is-so...Karillian battle cruiser
Lanatek  Lan-a-tek...Tamikas first officer
Luanren  Lu-ann-ren...Tamikas mother
Milanaka  Mill-on-onkaZelinite Captain
NaegMos Magniglieo 
Naj-Mos Mag-neg-leo..Secret power word
Panru  Pan-roo..1st officer of the Kalentun
Qiaoshan  Ky-o-shawnFather of the brothers
Quasarvores of Alcyone 
Qwas-are-vores of Al-sa-one.Karillian officer
Rothstavous  Roth-staav-usEntity
Tarklotaz  Tar-claw-taz...Zelinite delicacy
Thakaro  The-car-o.Milanakas mate
Thmmeli  The-meeliMilanakas 1st officer
Touulug  Too-lug.Star system of Ackturra
Xikubair  Zik-u-bare.Karillian officer
Zelinites  Za-lin-ites.Ackturra enemy
Zeroditha  Zer-o-th-a-daKarillian flag ship

* * *

Addendum  Time Travel
Secret of the Crystal was conceived by the idea that time travel and paradoxes can occur. I use time travel events and package them together into the story line and create a time paradox that gives the reader another layer of the story to contemplate. Since I decided to make this trilogy a time travel based story, why not introduce a paradox or two to the story just for fun. 
As a result of my concept of these works, I thought it would be good to include various theories and concepts that are used in my manuscript to help the reader better understand the basics of time travel and its paradoxes. 
I designed and built this series of Secret of the Crystal books based on a paradox that has already occurred and must occur again to prevent the Rune from destroying Ackuttura.
Yes, our hero Jhahnahkan must discover the many secrets of the crystal. However, his very existence depends on his child bearing his grandmother. I use predestination time travel which is explained below for this theory. The very essence of the book concept is that a time paradox has taken place in order for our hero to complete his tasks. These paradoxes will be explained throughout the entire series of the Secret of the Crystal and it will come to an eventual conclusion in book number three.
 Among the time travel concepts, I also refer to perception of time and linier time. I also refer to circular time theories and other theories that may or may not have ever been conceptualized in other works. One example is that time exists at the same moment in every time, but it is relative to the observer at their current point in the time line. It is like knowing two people in different cities, they arent together, but they still exist at the same time. Now think of those two cities as two different time periods. In this first book, our hero travels back in time and his brother also exists in the future. 
Her is the same resources I used when researching my theories for this series. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_travel

Time Travel Concept
Time travel is the concept of moving between different points in time in a manner equivalent to moving between different points in space. Time travel could hypothetically involve moving backward in time to a moment earlier than the starting point, or forward to the future of that point without the need for the traveler to experience the intervening period. 
Although time travel has been a shared plot device in science fiction since the late 19th century and the ideas of special and general relativity allow methods for forms of one-way travel into the future via time dilation. Backward time travel would have the potential to introduce paradoxes related to causality.

* * *

Sneak Peak
Here is a sneak peak for whats to come in the next installment of Secret of the Crystal. Please enjoy.

Secret of the Crystal II
The Forge

Chapter 1
That Which Was Before

Crystal Caverns
Year: 2983
Jhahnahkan knelt by his fathers side in the cold dampness of the Crystal Cavern. His friends Rex and Glenda looked on. Kate and Helen stood behind Jhahnahkan with Kate resting her hand on his back trying to comfort her lover and attempted to take away his pain of seeing his father killed for the second time. Everyone was still in shock of Tamika taking the crystal from Jhahnahkan only minutes ago. 
Jhahnahkan leaned closer to his father to kiss him on the cheek when Qiaoshans eyes shot opened and he gasped for air.
The resulting shock caused everyone to stumble back in disbelief. Qiaoshan coughed up some blood as he looked around at everyone now standing over him.
Helen immediately took her crystal and began to hold it over his wound. The crystal must have just missed his heart. Hold still my son, Helen instructed Qiaoshan. We will get you to the doctor.
Qiaoshan tried to speak, but winced as he moved too much and coughed up more blood and only nodded his acknowledgement. 
Kate knelt by his side and took his hand to comfort Qiaoshan while Jhahnahkan stood and looked around the cavern for a possible power crystal.
Do not even think of that Jhahnahkan, Helen began, You cannot possess one of these crystals you know they are corrupt and they will corrupt you.
I must save my father he said as he continued to search nearby.
No, Helen said with a commanding voice, listen to me I will transport us all to the ship I just wanted the major bleeding to be controlled first.
Kate stood and walked over to Jhahnahkan and again put her hands on his shoulder to comfort him. 
Jhahnahkan stopped and looked down at Kate and began to flow with tears, I cannot bear to see my father die yet another time it is too much.
Hes going to be alright, Rex added, I know it somehow, I know it.
Glenda also acknowledged what Rex was saying, Its the strangest thing, she said, I cant understand why, I but I know too Qiaoshan will be alright.
We need to get out of these caverns, Helen stated. I fear the Rune may also be affecting all of us.
The group all gathered around Helen and Qiaoshan while she opened the vortex and sent them all to the Leif Erikson.
Inside the medical bay, Dr. Sam Collins was still studying the instruments when the vortex opened and deposited Jhahnahkan and the others. He came to the side of what appeared to be the patient and asked them to help get him on one of the medical tables. 
Once on the table, Sam instructed the computer to run a full diagnostic on the patient. The computer turned on a blue colored laser beam that enveloped Qiaoshan. 
The scan ran the full length of his body from top to bottom of Qiaoshan and then back up finishing at his head where the blue beam terminated. 
The overhead screen began to display the results of the diagnostic.
Hes a very lucky man, Sam began, If 
that stab wound would have been a centimeter lower and to his right, it would have hit his heart. As it is, he has suffered a punctured lung.
What do you need to do? Jhahnahkan asked his trusted friend.
I will need to put in a chest tube and re-inflate his lung, Sam began.
Excuse me Doctor, The computer jumped in.
Computer, do you have a better idea? Sam asked almost not believing he was talking to a machine.
There is no need for that evasive procedure, the computer offered. 
And how do you purpose to inflate the lung so it can be repaired? Sam argued.
My medical data base and laser instrumentation will allow me to perform this procedure without making any incision to the outer epidermis. I am equipped with a Zero-point Retinoscope, Spatial Acousosticher, and Lung Pyrocutter. Using these devices, the lung can be inflated and the puncture repaired internally.
Fascinating, the Doctor said as he shook his head. Well what are you waiting for? Proceed.
I am already making preparations and will begin in a few moments. The patient will 
likely be in recovery in ten minutes and will be back on his feet by tomorrow morning.
Thats just simply outstanding! Sam exclaimed Theres so much I can learn here with this equipment if I could take this back to Earth, I could save so many more lives.
Hold on Sam, Jhahnahkan interrupted. We cant interfere with the normal development of Earth. I know you have the best intentions in mind, but that would have significant repercussions on the already damaged time line.
Yeah, I know youre right Sam said scratching the back of his head. 
While the computer repairs the damage to my father, I will pay a visit to my brother.
I will go with you, Kate offered.
No my love Jhahnahkan said as he stopped her. Stay here with the others I will be fine.
He is right, Kate, Helen said. He needs to face his brother alone.
Dont do anything rash now, Kate said with a worried look on her face.
I will be fine I just need everyone to keep my fathers condition confidential.
Youre not going to tell him hes alive, are you, Kate said.
Not at this time. I will use this situation as a bargaining tool to help the Southern Clans movement, he said. Dont forget, we are now in 
the middle of a civil war.
Jhahnahkan looked at his friends one last time before he left the medical bay. 
Kate looked over at her friends as Jhahnahkan left. Im worried about him.
He will be fine, Helen said. He is my grandson, I know he will do right.
That may be so, Helen, Kate said, but he does have a lot on his shoulders now. He feels responsible for the time line fracture. Not to mention the civil war and losing Tamika to the Rune.
Kate, Helen said, there is even more at stake more than no one is considering.
I know what it is, Glenda added. Jhahnahkan is going to be faced with the problem that if he restores the time line, that would mean Qiaoshan will die. Keep the existing time line, Qiaoshan lives. But that means Ackturrians are the aggressors in the War and we lose all the allies in the Galaxy.
That is very observant Glenda, Helen said as she turned to her. 
How did you come up with that? Rex asked.
I dont know I have never been that intuitive before. 
She is becoming more in tuned with herself, Helen said.
Or is it the exposure to the Rune? Rex asked.
That is also possible, Helen said, I would not rule that out. We all were exposed to the Rune effect. We will need to guard our feelings and not give in to evil thoughts.
I thought Jhahnahkan said that we would be able to help fight off the infection? He said it was our pure minds that would be used, like we did in healing the crystal fragment back at Helens place.
That which was before has now changed through the time fracture. Helen said.

* * *
Leif Erikson Brig
Year: 2983
Jhahnahkan entered the brig where his brother was being held. He stood before the entry to his cell. The only thing that separated him was the force field barrier keeping the brothers from killing each other.
Jhovahkan sneered back at his brothers arrival as he sat on the sole bench in the room.
I see you have come to gloat, my brother, he said with disdain in his voice.
Jhahnahkan stood close to the force field with his arms crossed and simply stared at his brother with evil contempt in his eyes.
Oh come now, Jhahnahkan. Say something. 
He stood for a few moments more to sink in his point before he spoke, What you did, Jhovahkan, is beyond evil.
You know I was right. Our father was weak. He could not bring himself to the reality of actually winning the war with the Zelinites. That is why he gave me his crystal he knew I was the only son that could bring victory to Ackturra.
Jhahnahkan stood by and let his brother ramble on.
I had the perfect plan too then you had to return and spoil it all. Now look at what you have done you have thrown all of Ackturra into an all-out civil war between the North and South Clans. 
He continued to stand silent, which made Jhovahkan even more uncomfortable.
Now that our father is dead, I will become the leader of the council. Release me and I will forget everything and put you second in command.
Jhahnahkan not able to stay silent any longer unfolded his arms and said, Why would I settle for second in command of the high council, when I can have the leader position for myself?
Do not be ridiculous, Jhahnahkan. Mother will never appoint you as leader over me, I have the birthright I will become leader of the high council.
There are many things you do not yet understand my brother.
Oh? And what would these things be? 
I learned many things on my journey. Ghaia is not my mother for one.
There you go with your delusional thoughts again. Jhovahkan said with a slight grin on his face.
I am going to tell you things that do seem hard to believe, but I will tell them to you in hopes that it will pierce the very soul of your being and you will finally begin to understand what you are doing is wrong.
Go on then I need some amusement, it gets rather boring sitting in this cell.
Very well, then, Jhahnahkan said as he took a chair from the corner and sat it before the cage.
Better yet, Jhovahkan added, why not just do the memory transference trick and save us all the time?
I cannot.
Oh come on now you must have learned that skill from your crystal.
I do not have the crystal any longer.
Yes you do Jhovahkan said as he showed signs of worry. In fact, you have two crystals yours and mine
That is one of the things I need to tell you.
What that you lost both crystals? Even I do not think you are so incompetent to allow that to happen! Jhovahkan shouted in anger.
Its Tamika she was infected by the Rune and took the master crystal after I joined our crystals into one.
Jhovahkan sat in his cage dumb founded at the last words his brother said. He took a moment to digest what he heard and then jumped up and came at his brother. His clenched fists connected with the force grid as he attempted to pound his way out. The result shot electrical shocks down his arms and throughout his body. Jhovahkan fell to the ground before his brother on his knees in a crouched position wincing in pain from the discharges.
I cannot believe you just said that to me he said shaking his head. My master crystal is lost? He began to whisper and then raised his voice as he spoke. You joined them together and then lost it?!
Yes
Jhovahkan let out a cry of despair as he realized his precious master crystal was lost to his sister. 
Theres more, Jhahnahkan said as he fought to keep his composure.
There is more? Jhovahkan said as he picked himself off the floor and returned to his lonely bench. Please do tell my incompetent brother I cannot wait to hear what else you may have blundered!
Search your heart, my brother, Jhahnahkan began, you should already know that I am not your full blood brother what I have told you that Ghaia is not my mother; it is the truth. Qiaoshan is our father, but my mother is the same as Tamika. Ghaia seduced our father and made her High Priestess. She was power hungry and wanted the rule for herself She wanted the power it was her that has corrupted you in thinking it is alright to wipe out an entire race.
Jhovahkan sat quiet and listened to his brother. He knew deep down inside that it must be true, Many centuries ago, the Zelinites sent the Rune to the crystal caverns. That event was forgotten long ago by the elders. The Rune is what has affected the crystals it corrupts the possessor as well it forces them to do its bidding; we have no control over that. You must also sense that as you are feeling this is the truth what I tell you about our heritage. You must also sense that as you are feeling this is the truth what I tell you about our heritage
Now that you no longer have your crystal, you can begin to think clearly. The infectious affect that the crystals held on us for all those centuries is wearing off. I know it is I can see your eyes have returned to their normal pigment and your skin is no longer looks ashen gray.
It is true that I am thinking more clear now my brother, but I still loathe you and I certainly detest being detained here, let me loose and I will fight by your side my brother.
No, I do not trust you, at least not yet. There is more I need to explain to you. 
Oh come now I begin to tire of your fantasies
Jhahnahkan cut his brother short. No, you need to sit here and listen to me for once in your life, so you just sit there and shut your mouth and pay attention.
Oh my, my, Jhovahkan said with sarcasm, you must be feeling quite confident talking to your eldest brother with this shield separating us. Lower the shield and face me without this protection and we shall see how confident you really are. 
Thats not going to happen.
You even sound funny these days, Jhovahkan said as he stroked his goatee. Very well, continue your story.
This time line has been fractured. Telling you these things will help me to fully understand what has been altered and what has not
Go on. Jhovahkan said.
After I returned from my trip to the outer 
Rim, I was going to be inducted into the council. You took the Telenian and we fought in the Banttuuk arena. I won the event and soon after I stood before our father at the ceremony of Ackraamon. The council sent me to the crystal caverns for me to search for my crystal. Am I accurate up to this point?
Yes. That all sounds correct to me.
When I entered the crystal cavern, I began to locate my power crystal. However, before I reached it, there was an old woman that appeared to me. She beckoned me to follow her, so I did. I never found her, but she left clues for me to find a buried chest that contained an ancient scroll. I found the scroll and it told about the crystal infection that had occurred. It said we were descendants from another galaxy, another world. We had a civil war there too. We kept the technology and ventured off to find a new home. Eventually we found Ackturra and made this our home, but over the many centuries we had forgotten a good amount of our knowledge. We destroyed our home world and when we traveled to another planet in that system, we began to destroy that world as well. The two fighting sects agreed to split off. One stayed behind and abandoned the technology we once had.
Yes, Jhovahkan said, that is common knowledge that we migrated to this world to make a new home for ourselves. I agree with all of that. We did forget our ancestors for a reason. 
We never got along, but I see your point in understanding where we went wrong before so we do not make the same mistakes and I feel you have launched us into this civil war and we will end up destroying this world as well that is why we must end this now and join forces My brother, we are not the enemy the Zelinite is the enemy that is why we need to wipe them out of existence Ackturrians must lay a rule down in this galaxy and not allow any adversity we must rule them all to prevent any of our worlds from being destroyed.
You dont have the full story yet once I finish, I hope you will better understand where I am coming from it is my hope that we can work together as brothers, as North and South factions combined as one I agree in that we should not be enemies.
I will listen to what you have to say, my brother.
Within that chest there was a pure unaffected power crystal. It had been sealed inside a cylinder and was our only hope in battling the Rune infection. 
Upon my being recalled to the council chamber, I saw you murder our father.
That is where you are wrong my brother Jhovahkan said as he stood and paced the floor. I never murdered Qiaoshan, you saw him for yourself in the cavern. You never returned you disappeared and no one could locate you. We sent search parties appointed by the council into the caverns but there was no trace of you no evidence that you had even been there we never knew what had happened. I could feel you through my master crystal, but you somehow blocked me from finding you.
Yes, our father was alive in the cavern, until you murdered him before me with your crystal.
Well he was weak and apparently I was not in control of my actions, so I should not be held accountable.
Not so fast my brother. There is much more.
Oh very well keep going. This is actually starting to make sense to me.
As I was starting to say, it appeared that you murdered our father, or at least it appeared as you did I actually found out later that it was your mother Ghaia who actually did it and was going to blame me. As I exited the vortex I broke the canister and removed the power crystal and held it out before me to block the powerful shock wave of energy that was aimed at Qiaoshan. My power crystal absorbed its energy and I was sent back in time to a different place one thousand years earlier. I was deposited on Terra Firma, or Earth, as they call it. That was our ancestors planet. The crystal sent me back before the time of the crystal infection in hopes that I could prevent that from happening. Tamika apparently fled Ackturrian space shortly after I disappeared and the Telenian was sent out to track her down and bring her back before you. Is that also accurate?
Yes. That is what happened: Panru was sent out to bring her back. We found out that she was working as a spy in the Southern Clans movement. She was going to be brought back to Ackturra to face execution for treason. We lost contact once they passed one of our jamming stations. Panru finally returned with the news that Tamikas ship had been destroyed along with her mother Luanren and the entire crew.
This is one of the things that have been altered. Tamika fled because she didnt want to support you after you murdered her father and taken over as council leader. The other main difference is that those jamming stations were constructed by the Zelinite and not by Ackturrians. We have been turned into the aggressors and not the Zelinite.
I do not see how that is possible Ackturrians have always been a people of rule we have always been the aggressor that is why the 
Karillians never signed a treaty with us. They blame us for the destruction of their home world by the Zelinite. I remember something about them assisting us in destroying a Zelinite ship that was en route to Ackturra. There was some representative from Ackturra that had finalized a pact to prevent Zelinites from approaching our home. That caused the Zelinite to launch an all-out war on them and they broke off relations with us and never dealt with us again.
The damage is more severe than I first had though. The destruction of Tamikas core caused them to also be sent back one thousand years. The pull of my crystal and our blood bond is what caused them to come back to the time I had been sent to. Their presence and interaction in that same time caused the fracture of time. That is the catalyst that caused these changes She found the ship that contained the Rune. The Zelinite ship was on their way to Ackturra for the first time to trade with us. That which was before is that we did not want them to obtain crystals. We knew that by doing so, they would rule the galaxy and use the crystals power for evil. There was a war that ensued and after that war, they sent the Rune to infect the crystals. Their thinking was that we would not want corrupted crystals so they thought we would give them up. 
Instead, it backfired which made us stronger. We sought evil and not good, but it was slower to turn us to evil. Now, in this time line, the Rune corruption has for some reason worked faster than before and we now seek to annihilate an entire race.
That is all very interesting but how do I know that this time line is really how it was going to be? Maybe the reality you talk about is what you want it to be changed to?
I have proof that the time line has been altered.
Show me let me out of here and show me.
I will still not let you out not just yet.
 Oh come on now
Jhahnahkan interrupted his brother once more, I will bring them to you if need be.
Them?
Yes, the old woman and Tamikas first officer Lanatek. In fact the entire crew of the Crytore is now on my new ship; this ship. This is the ship that I was led to by the entity within the power crystal back on Earth.
Who is this old woman? What entity?
The old woman her name is Helen. 
Helen? Why does that sound so familiar? he asked as he cocked his head to one side. Helen is our fathers mother our grandmother. She was the High Priestess of the Council. She fled with her power crystal once the infection came to Ackturra. It was her crystal that was sealed in the cavern it was her that wrote the scroll it was her that led me to the chest. She was with me at the time that the time fracture occurred, that is why she, nor the rest of us, was altered by the time change.
Jhahnahkan, you have given me much to think about.
Very well. I will leave you for now. I will check on our Fa Jhahnahkan stopped himself just before he revealed the truth about Qiaoshan.
What about our father? Jhahnahkan, what are you holding back? I do not need a crystal to see you are keeping something from me what is it tell me now. Jhovahkan said as he stood and approached the shield. Jhahnahkan ignored his brothers request, turned his back and walked out of the holding cell to return to the others.

* * *
Leif Erikson Medical Bay
Year: 2983
Jhahnahkan returned to the medical bay and found his father propped upright on the medical table eating and talking with the others.
Well, Jhahnahkan said, you are looking much better, my father. How do you feel?
Qiaoshan turned to his son and addressed him with a smile. I am feeling fine my son. Thank you for saving my life. He said bowing to his son, had you not been down in the caverns, I would have not made it. For that I am grateful.
Dont thank me Jhahnahkan said turning to Helen, you can thank your mother for her intuition to come to the caverns.
I need to return to the council at once, Qiaoshan said lifting himself off the medical table.
Hold on their, Sir, Dr. Collins said as he came to his side, I need to make sure you wounds have fully healed before I discharge you from my care.
Nonsense, Qiaoshan said as he tried to push the doctor aside.
Father, you need to listen to the doctor.
I feel fine. Really, I do, Qiaoshan said. Computer, run a full diagnostic on my injuries and provide analysis on returning to full activities.
Sam tried to override his patients request but was too late.
The patients injuries have been completely repaired there are no significant risks in returning to normal activity Doctor Collins, I recommend this patient be discharged immediately.
There, you see? I told you I was fine, Qiaoshan said as he finished dressing. My son, you will return with me to the council we shall leave at once.
Father you must listen to me, Jhahnahkan said as he put his hand on is fathers shoulder.
What is it? Qiaoshan asked, rather irritated with the delay.
No one knows what has happened, Jhahnahkan said. We need a leader, not someone who hides behind lies and deceit.
I do not know what you are talking about. The people of Ackturra need their leader, he said as he began to show outward signs of annoyance.
The people of Ackturra need a leader that will tell them the truth. 
You are delusional, just as Jhovahkan has said, Qiaoshan said as he attempted to brush past his son.
Father! Jhahnahkan said with a strange commanding tone. His voice caused everyone in the room pause and take notice. If you are willing to stand before your people and tell them that I am your fist born son, I will go with you but if you continue to hide the truth that Luanren is my mother and Ghaia is not the High Priestess, I cannot and will not stand by your side.
Qiaoshan sat once again on the medical table and held his head low. 
Yes, Father. I know the truth. There is much I have learned during my absence. 
There is much I must tell you before we go before the people of Ackturra.
My son, Qiaoshan began still hanging his head low. I never expected you to discover the truth. I have done a great dishonor. I have dishonored Luanren I have dishonored both of my sons I have dishonored my daughter I have dishonored myself. You are right, Jhahnahkan. The people of Ackturra deserve to know the truth. They deserve to have a leader that has integrity something that is lacking in your brother.
Father, I understand why the truth was hidden about our birth. I do not hold any ill feelings, but we must make this right.
I know Qiaoshan said as he looked his son in the eye. I am very proud of you my son he said as he stood before his son. He placed his hands on each of Jhahnahkans shoulders. That is why I shall step down as leader and turn over the high council to you. Your time of succession has arrived.
Thank you, my father, Jhahnahkan said. Before we travel to the surface, I need you to see someone.
I already know, Qiaoshan said, I will tell Jhovahkan the truth alone.
Very well, Father. I shall await you in the shuttle bay and instruct approach control of our entry.
Jhahnahkan left the medical bay and began to make his way to the shuttle bay to prep the ships shuttle. He contacted the bridge to alert them of their schedule and would provide the security codes that would alert the control station of the High Councils presence. The last thing they needed was a firefight upon reentry.

* * *
Leif Erikson Brig
 Year: 2983
Qiaoshan entered the brig. The lights were dim and Jhovahkan didnt recognize who had entered the room.
Have you come to gloat more my brother or have you decided to finally come to your senses and join forces with me?
Neither, Qiaoshan said as he commanded the lights to brighten.
Father?
Yes, I am alive.
You have come to free me? Good, shut down this field and we will make our way back to the council.
No
What then?
Are you mad? You nearly killed me down there!
It was the crystal infection that that took over my mind I  I was not responsible.
Do not try to excuse your behavior. You have been trying to take over command of the High Council ever since Jhahnahkans disappearance.
Please father, listen to
Qiaoshan stopped Jhovahkan short. No! You listen to me for once.
Jhovahkan stood in his cell and looked back at his father with the usual sneer with his hands folded before him.
I have to tell you things that have been held secret for hundreds of years.
If you are going to start saying that same mumbo jumbo that my brother was touting, then
Qiaoshan stopped his son once more. This is hard enough without you taking an attitude. What I have to say is the truth it is the truth that must be told to every Ackturrian it is something that never should have been kept from you, your brother, your sister. Luanren is my true mate Ghaia seduced me with the power of the infected crystal. We had a child, as did Luanren. Ghaia is your mother and Luanren is your brother and sisters mother.
Jhovahkan turned white as a ghost as he couldnt believe what he was hearing. He continued to stand, not showing any emotion.
Ghaia wanted power she convinced me that she should be the High Priestess of the Council. She persuaded me that it would be in the best interest of Ackturra to keep you and your brothers heritage a secret. She wanted her son to be the one with the birthright; her son would be my successor.
You are telling me that I am really a bastard child You really think I will take this sitting down? You are asking me to give up my heritage my right to succession.
Yes
You do not have to do this father keep this a secret together we can rule the galaxy you and me
Enough Jhovahkan! I have dishonored my name and the people of Ackturra for over four hundred years.
You know that by telling our people this, it will likely cause a major civil war.
We are already facing a civil war. That is why I will be restoring my honor by stepping down as leader of the council.
What? Do not even tell me you are giving the right of succession as high council leader to my brother! 
Yes I know this may seem hard for you to understand it is the best thing that we can do for the good of Ackturra.
No I cannot believe what I am hearing this is insane you have groomed me for the leader seat my whole life you lied to me this entire time Jhovahkan said, We are heading down to the surface now where I will address the people of Ackturra I will tell them the truth I will step down as leader and will not have a seat on the council I will only be involved as an advisor to Jhahnahkan.
Jhovahkan clinched his fists and began pounding on the force field crying out, causing electrical shocks to flow through his entire body, but he didnt care about the pain he inflicted upon his body; he was too mad to feel anything.
The first act that your brother will perform as the new leader of Ackturra is to formally charge and try you for attempted murder.
Jhovahkan continued to beat on the force field and cried out in anger, You will pay for this I will get my revenge I will kill you and my brother I will become the leader and one day you will pay!
Qiaoshan dimmed the lights to the cell and left closing the cell entrance behind him. Qiaoshan didnt say another word to his son as he left.
You will see I will get out of here I will take my vengeance!! 

# # #

More Works

If you enjoyed the first book in the SECRET of the CRYSTAL series, here are more books by Author, Brian K. Larson. 

Secret of the Crystal II
The Forge

Secret of the Crystal III
Destiny

Secret of the Crystal IV
Forgotten Legacy

Coming Soon

Secret of the Crystal V
The Rune

Secret of the Crystal VI
Brothers

Salvage-Five

A.M.P. 
Accelerated Mental Polarization


You can visit my author page at www.secretofthecrystal.com for a complete list of books, or follow me on Twitter and Facebook and be sure to visit my web for the latest book release news.

One last thing, please do your favorite author a favor and post a review for their hard word.

Thank you
Author, Brian K. Larson 
#TheDyslexicAuthor


* * *

