Fast Luck

By D.E. Morin









Copyright 2013 David E. Morin

Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,
please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did
not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please, please, please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work
of this author.


Cover Illustration By: Andrea Orlic - Artocity


1

The boy stared hard at the small disc held too close to his face. Hes small for his age and a fellow who still takes most things at face value. He didnt understand what the game had to do with him.
 What are my choices again? asked the young boy, frowning and thinking hard.
Ya only gits two choices, said the girl, standing over the boy as shes a good foot taller than he. Heads or tails. This is heads and this is tails, she added.  The girl flipped the nickel over and showed the boy a buffalo, the tail side of the coin.
 Ya gotta call in the air, said the girl. Ready? she asked. Not waiting for an answer, she launched the nickel from her thumb. It bounced hard off the boys face and was driven so quickly to the ground he didnt have time to make his call.
Youre supposed ta call in the air, the girl scolded, her voice dripping with disdain. She picked up the coin and set it back on her thumb. Ready? she demanded.
This time she waited for an answer. The boy took a step back, kept a sharp eye on the coin and shook his head, yes. The girl tossed the nickel and the boy called out, Heads!
The nickel spun flawlessly along a steep arc and bounced several times on the hot asphalt pavement. When the coin came to rest, a shiny Indians head stood out against the dull gray asphalt.
Thats one, said the girl, picking up the nickel. She carefully placed it back atop her thumb and asked again, You ready?
Who told ya bout this? asked the boy, still frowning and trying to figure what the nickel had to do with him. Hes pretty sure a nickel is the same as five-cents.
Wow. You really dont pay attention do ya? said the girl. My grandma told me. And she knows bout stuff like this. Says if a person can call a toss three times in a row, then said person prolly gots a lucky soul, lectured the girl. Ya ready?
The boy shook his head and the girl tossed the nickel. Heads, the boy called out. It bounced once, twice and came up heads again.
How many times I gotta do this? asked the boy, growing frustrated with being detained for a stupid girl game. 
Three! yelled the girl, bending close to the boys face to make sure he got it this time. You gotta do it one more time, said the girl. And I aint believin ya can do it agin. Ya just dont look like the lucky sort ta me. She picked up the coin and set it atop her thumb.
You ready? she asked.
The boy shook his head and the girl flipped the nickel into the air. Heads, he called out for the last time, sensing it was the right answer. The nickel spun through the air, bounced on the asphalt, came down on its edge and spun wildly like a top. Both leaned over and watched the gyrating coin. It began to wobble. Slowly, it settled onto the road.
Well, said the girl, looking down at the nickel. If ya gotta go through life as a dork, guess its best ta be one with a lucky soul. She picked up her nickel and skipped away.
The boy with the lucky soul, watched the girl as she departed. He thought about his soul, the game and the girl.
He knows what he already knew. Girls are stupid.


2

Mr. Krebs leaned on the jamb of the open doorway and peered into the office storeroom. The place is a mess and stuffed with junk. He thought of how he hates going in and the odds of his mission being successful. The rooms full of dusty and abused cardboard boxes, filled with old project files, haphazardly tossed about from previous searches. Few of the boxes have anything written on the outside, so you cant tell whats on the inside. The junk pile includes old office equipment; broken typewriters, chairs with missing wheels, desk lamps nobody wants, along with a slew of mysterious, unidentifiable artifacts. And theres a severe lack of ventilation, not even a small window, making the room hot as Hades, even on the most pleasant of winter days. A person goes go in calm, cool and collected, and comes out sweaty, dirty and aggravated.
Mr. Krebs didnt understand why they couldnt be better organized. The company has to be making good money. Theyre as busy as theyve ever been. Surely, they could afford to hire someone to organize and manage the mess. There has to be valuable resources in the dump, he thought, if one could find them. Client accounts, man-hour histories, rolled up old plans. Some of it just has to be useful. Good stuff, buried under years of neglect.
Mr. Krebs works for the ACME & ACE Construction Company. Though the name sounds comprehensive, they specialize in one thing. Concrete block. ACME & ACE stacks em, levels em, squares em, mortars em and fills the open cells of the blocks with steel rods and fresh concrete. Concrete block is the hot new construction material and just about everything being built is block and slab-on-grade. Wood frame construction is falling out of favor. At least, in ACME and ACEs slice of the world.
This means Mr. Krebs is busy, as hes the chief estimator for ACME & ACE. Hes responsible for reviewing plans, completing quantity take-offs, estimating man-hours, putting together proposals, writing contracts, ordering materials and scouting out new projects for the company.
Mr. Krebs sighed, entered the storeroom and started looking to see if any of the old, dusty boxes looked familiar. Hell do this recon just as he always has. Hell search through the most familiar boxes, then the less familiar and finally, the ones he has no recollection of.
Mr. Krebs was having no luck in finding the file he sought. He was well into the unfamiliar boxes when he found a set of dusty binoculars near the bottom of a box, covered with a mishmash of equally dusty files. The binoculars, cast away long ago, have numerous nicks and scratches collected over a lifetime of abuse. The protective shade extending from one of the front lenses is missing, one of the rubber pads for the eyepieces is missing and there was once a strap for suspending them from a persons neck. He gave them a quick once over and set them aside, thinking of his son, Charles.
Charles Tyndal Krebs is almost five and is, obviously, a work in progress. Hes shorter than average, lighter than average and faster than average. Life in general and things in particular seem to roll his way, the dusty and unexpected binoculars being a perfect example. Like most people of extreme youth, hes slightly narcissistic. Depending on the degree of his narcissistic inclination on any given day, he may consider himself to be the sole sentient being, a 42-pound apex predator, the latest and greatest machine and, most importantly, atomic powered. All rolled into one small, but very elite package.
And hes first born. Meaning, life has placed a heavy burden upon his narrow shoulders. He is also a parental trainer.
Mr. Krebs continued on with his search until he came to the unpleasant realization he was sweating profusely. He decided his clothes were grimy enough and hed inhaled enough dust. Hed do without the file. He flipped over the ragged flaps of the box hed been looking through, tossed it atop a stack of boxes and headed for the door, anticipating the cool blast of air conditioning that will greet him on the other side.
On his way out, he pulled a kerchief from his back pocket and wiped sweat and dust from his face, hands and arms. Moving ever quicker to reach cool air, he stumbled through the open doorway. Turning to kill the light switch, he caught site of the binoculars, sitting as he had placed them, on a stack of boxes. He hesitated, then returned and snatched the binoculars from their perch and quickly got out of the suffocating room.
Mr. Krebs asked around the office as to the ownership of the sorry binoculars and if anyone had any interest. No one made any claims, so he decided to take them home and give them to Charles. Whomever had placed them in the box, had either erased them from their memory or were long gone.
Charles mother, upon seeing the binoculars, decided to give them a good cleaning, wrap them and give them to Charles as an extra gift for his 5th birthday, an event little more than a week away. Besides, there was no way his sister would allow her brother to receive an unwarranted gift and not expect the same. If it were a birthday present though, shed have to let it pass and keep her objections to herself.
Sara Anne Krebs is Charles slightly younger sister. Younger by only 10 months. Very close to the minimum spacing required by nature to not end up a twin. Theyve been, up until recently, best friends. Being close, because theyd arrived close. But things change.
Several months ago, Charles came to the conclusion his sister is a big fat negative. Shes effecting his afternoon adventures and not in good way. She isnt interested in the same things as he, is a pain to keep from wandering off or falling behind and shes exceedingly slow. There is one thing the speedy Charles Krebs cannot tolerate. It is slowness. When youre fast, you cant stand drag. And his sister is big drag. So he jettisoned Sara. Their lives, now skewed at the slightest of angles, carry them farther apart with each passing day.
Now, Sara doesnt much care either way what the haughty Charles Krebs has to say or what he thinks. She does feel a strong obligation to keep in check, The Charles Adulation, a debilitating illness which seems to infect those around her. She thinks the disease quite nasty.
Charles mother cleaned and polished the binoculars, tied a new sneaker shoestring to them for a carrying strap and wrapped them in identical wrapping paper as his other gift, a new football with its own kicking tee.


3

Charles birthday fell on a Wednesday and it started with a breakfast of animal shaped pancakes, instead of the usual cereal or the dreaded oatmeal. His mother and sister wished him a happy birthday and he was informed birthday cake and the opening of gifts would not be until after supper. During snack time at school, everyone sang happy birthday and received a cupcake with chocolate frosting and multi-colored sprinkles, rather than an Oreo cookie. Its the standard birthday practice for Mrs. Fishburns, Brier Rabbit kindergarten school and the cupcakes made Charles popular, for the better part of an hour.
Mrs. Fishburn runs the school out of her home and is the sole member of the faculty, serving as principal, teacher, school nurse and babysitter. Class runs from 9 a.m. to one and parents can drop their children off early or pick them up late, but extremes in either direction are frowned upon. The daily itinerary typically consists of the alphabet, numbers, coloring, cookie-break, Mrs. Fishburn reading a short story, more coloring, this time within the lines and dismissal. Everyone then exits the classroom, which is really nothing more than Mrs. Fishburns converted Florida room, for the fenced-in backyard and play and sometimes fight, until their parents arrive.
Charles stuck close to home that afternoon, monitoring the preparation of supper and his birthday cake. He and Sara licked cake batter from the mixing tools of the electric mixer, both watched Gumby cartoons and Charles wondered where and what his gift would be. He watched his mother prepare cake pans, lightly greasing them with Crisco and dusting them with flour before pouring batter into each. It will be a yellow cake with chocolate frosting.  He questioned Sara privately several times regarding his birthday present. Of course, she knew nothing. He took his mandatory nap, though on this day he slept half as long. His mother measured and marked his vertical progress as Charles stood bolt upright against the jamb of his closest door. He checked on the cake, cooling in their pans as they lay upside down on wire racks. And he didnt notice as light slowly faded from the windows and dusk became night.
To Charles great surprise, his mother had already set the supper table and with a rarely seen cream colored table cloth. On the sideboard cupboard, which sits directly behind Charles place at the table, sat two gift wrapped packages and his birthday cake, now frosted with chocolate icing and five candles. Written across the top of the cake is his name and Happy No. 5. His fathers Kodak Instamatic camera sat next to his mothers spot at the table. For a second, Charles wondered when all this happened, but only for a second, as his focus quickly turned to the two packages on the sideboard. An entire decade will pass and most of another, before Charles will come to appreciate the magic his mother creates.
Two birthday presents! Charles wasnt expecting this. He thought and could not remember ever getting two birthday presents. Christmas, yes. Birthday, no. Charles squeezed between the supper table and sideboard, bumping his chair with the back of his head in the process. With his hands guiding his path across the front of the sideboard, he slid past his cake and settled in front of the two brightly colored packages, sitting at eye level. He reached up and slid his hands over the bright blue wrapping with yellow stars of various sizes. He wondered what they were and what he wanted them to be.
Get ..Get out of there. Right now. Come on, said the most recognizable voice in Charles life. Move it mister. Come on. right now.
Charles snapped his hands from the packages and quickly moved himself back across the front of the sideboard, extricating himself from the tight and vulnerable quarters.
Youll get to open those soon enough, his mother said, before returning to the kitchen to finish cooking supper.
Charles heard his fathers car pull into the carport, idle for a few seconds and then shut down.
Daddys Home! sounded the chorus.
Now, only supper lies between Charles and his presents. He and Sara met their father at the front door. Sara grabbed for her fathers hand. Mr. Krebs mentioned something about there being birthday cake tonight. He made his way to the kitchen, gave his wife a peck on the cheek, asked how things were, commented on the table and settled into his chair at the head end. Charles quickly scooted around to his seat and Sara tried to engage their father in conversation. Charles mother asked if his father wanted something to drink. He did. Sara continued having random conversations with the air around her father, Charles fidgeted and his father sipped iced tea. His mother started to set supper on the table. She commented on Charles being exceptionally hungry this evening as she set a plate of hot fried chicken at the center of the table, directly in front of Charles.
Oh ...I have to go get ready, his father said as he tried to stand with Sara hanging from his arm. He left and headed down the hallway with Sara following dangerously close. Charles mother returned to the kitchen.
Charles threw himself against the back of his chair and looked to the ceiling. What happened? I thought we were ready to eat, he thought, as he sat in the empty and quiet dining room. Why is this taking so long? Charles rolled his head to the side and caught the gift wrapping out of the corner of his eye. Grab and run flashed through his mind, but he knows that would be the stupidest thing he could do, especially with his father in the house. He quickly put the idea out of his head and sat forward, propping his elbows on the supper table and placing his palms over his eyes.
Sara scurried back in, the look on her face indicating shed been sent away, once again. She pulled her chair out, threw a leg up onto the seat while using her other leg to prop herself up. Their mother came back in, set a covered bowl of corn-on-the-cob on the table, pointed at Sara and said, Did you wash your hands young lady? and then immediately turned to Charles, Did you wash your hands? Sara slid off the chair and Charles got up and both headed down the hall to perform the miserable task.
Charles mood began to sour. He grabbed the soap from Sara as she stood on the foot stool at the bathroom sink, flicked her with water when he was finished, turned the water off before she was done, tossed a damp hand towel on her head and turned the bathroom light off on her as he left. He was deteriorating by the second. By the time hed returned, his mother had added mashed potatoes, a bowl of gravy and rolls to the table.
Supper was surprisingly routine despite Charles mood and birthday. His mother and father made small talk, which Charles never paid much attention to unless the topic was one of his indiscretions. On this day he was clean. His sister squirmed in her chair, sitting on her feet, knees, butt and various combinations of all three, eating very little and only falling out her chair once, which drew everyones attention and appeared to Charles to be intentional. His father eventually got around to him and asked the standard supper table questions, which Charles answered with as few words as possible as his sister squirmed in anticipation her moment was about to arrive. When it did, Sara relived every word, thought and event of the day for not only herself but for every person she encountered or thought about encountering, along with a lot of stuff that never happened. Their father tried to keep up in the conversation, but faded after only a minute. Her mother reminded her, several times, to eat, as Sara galloped on using her fork as a prop to accentuate her lecture. She seemed to be exceptionally wordy and Charles was convinced she was paying him back for the bathroom.
Three of them finished supper as Sara trailed far behind. His mother decided to clear the table and start with the festivities, despite Saras lack of progress. She sensed Charles was nearing the end of his rope. She cleared the table and Charles helped, something he normally did not do and his mother thanked him. Saras plate was left for her as she continued her soliloquy, oblivious to the fact her audience was moving on. Sara eat, her mother said in an exasperated tone. Their mother grabbed four desert plates, some forks and a knife to cut the cake. Charles sat himself back in his seat as his mother positioned the gifts on the table and moved the cake directly in front of him. Charles thought his father was calmer than he should be.
Would you like to light the candles? Charles mother asked, motioning to his father.
His father reached in his pocket for his butane lighter and carefully lit each candle as Charles looked on. The lit birthday cake caused the jabbering Sara to hush herself, take a bite of mashed potatoes and settle back in her chair.
Wait. Dont blow them out yet. I want to get a picture, said his mother as she fumbled with the instamatic camera and the candles burned. Okay, now give me a big smile, she said, peering at Charles through the viewfinder. Charles did his best and his mother snapped a picture, the flash temporarily blinding everyone at the table except the photographer.
Wait Charles. Were going to sing Happy Birthday first, said his mother as the candles grew noticeably shorter. And so they did and finally, Charles was instructed to go ahead. Charles inhaled deeply and blew across the top of the cake, quickly extinguishing the five candles as his mother snapped another picture. They all cheered, including Sara.


4

 Okay Charles. Lets see what you got for your birthday. Hmmm. Which do you want to open first? asked his mother. It sounded as if she directed the question at Charles, but it was really rhetorical as she reached for the gift wrapped binoculars. His father got a pained look on his face as he remembered the beat up and dirty object hed brought home.
His mother handed Charles the gift and he grabbed at it with both hands. The weight of it surprised Charles and the heavy package immediately dropped to the tabletop. He repositioned himself in his chair, sat up on his knees and slid the blue paper and its field of yellow stars closer. He dug at the packaging, trying to find a weak spot. He was rebuffed on his first, second and third try. Finally, he found a paper edge not hidden under Scotch tape and let it rip. In short order, the shiny black binoculars lay exposed. Charles looked at the black object peeking out from the shredded blue paper. He pushed the paper back using both hands and looked some more. Finally, picking them up and pulling them closer still.
What is it? Sara asked with excitement. What is it! she demanded.
Everyone waited for Charles to answer. Charles looked at the top and bottom and both ends of the binoculars and said nothing. His mother smiled nervously.
Theyre binoculars! said his father. They make things that are far away look closer, magnifying them. His father cut off the explanation when the blank expressions on his childrens faces failed to dissipate and decided a demonstration would the better alternative. He rose from his chair and moved around the table to where Charles sat and reached for the binoculars.
Ill show you. May I? he asked.
Charles relinquished the object and watched them as they rose to his fathers face, having to torque his body and head to do so. Sara and his mother watched with just as much interest.
His father adjusted the spacing of the eyepieces as he held them to his eyes, dropping them from his face a couple of times and raising them to his eyes again, scoping out his surroundings. He scanned the room, looking for an object to focus in on. He dropped the binoculars down again, looked off in the distance, than raised, scanned, dropped, looked and then more scanning. This went on for a long minute and Mrs. Krebs began seeing humor in her husbands struggles. She pictured him with a captains hat, looking for a white whale after being told it was recently spotted or wearing a coonskin cap, leading an expedition into Indian Territory and looking for smoke signals on the horizon. Her husband scanned on.
Is there a problem captain Ahab? She couldnt hold it any longer.
Aye, there is a problem. I cant find anything thats far enough away to focus on. Everythings too close in here, he said, never dropping the binoculars from his eyes. I may have to do this outside. Charles had his head rolled back, looking straight up under the binoculars.
Here. Let me try something, said his father as he squeezed between Charles chair and the sideboard, only being able to do so by standing on his tiptoes and raising his midsection to clear the chair back. His squeezing pushed the chair back forward, raised its back legs and temporarily pinned Charles tightly against the table. He stood at the edge of the dining room and peered into the living room. There was more scanning, dropping, looking and scanning.
Ahhhh. Think I got something here. Come here Charles. Take a look at this.
Charles got up and moved to where his father stood. See that lamp over there? See the knob on top? asked his father, pointing toward the far corner of the living room. He squatted to lower himself to Charles level and adjusted the binoculars to set the eyepieces as close together as possible.
Charles looked at the lamp and searched for the knob. The knob on top of the lamp, repeated his father as he held the binoculars up for Charles. Look through here. Right there. See it?
Charles looked.
Here. Hold them like this, instructed his father as he adjusted Charles small hands on the binoculars.
See it?
Charles looked. When his father released the binoculars, they sagged. The only thing Charles saw was the eyepiece end of the binoculars and he couldnt see that very well. His father watched, hoping for some indication his demonstration was working. Finally, he noticed the problem. Charles eyes were not lined up with the eyepieces. He tilted his head to get a better look at the problem and realized the eyepieces were set too far apart for the beady eyes of a five-year old and couldnt be set close enough to overcome the problem.
Here Charles, look through just one of the eyepieces, said his father. He gently pulled the binoculars away from Charles face and pointed to the left eyepiece, the only one that still had rubber padding.
Charles looked through the left eyepiece. He could see colors. Blurry, fast moving colors. A lot of beiges and other shades of brown coming from nondescript objects. The slightest movement of the binoculars caused massive movement of the blurry colors.
See it? asked his father.
Charles dropped the binoculars slightly and timidly shook his head to indicate he did see, hoping this would be enough. Theres an unopened second birthday present and hes more than ready to move on. His father was ready to move on also.
I wanna see! shouted Sara as she leapt from her chair.
Their father took the binoculars. Charles stepped away and headed back to his seat. Sara stepped up.
Look right through here, her father said.
Sara boldly moved in behind the binoculars her father held up and peered into the left eyepiece, the one he pointed to. She held her gaze for a second and stepped back. The look on her face was somewhere between shock and disappointment. She saw nothing. At least nothing that was worth seeing. It was all a hoax. A practical joke played on her brother that she had stupidly stumbled into. A hoax foisted upon her by the man she worshipped. She almost cried, but anger prevailed as her bottom lip began to protrude and she abruptly turned and stomped back to her seat.
Her father shrugged and mumbled something, stood, wrapped the shoestring around the binoculars and set them in front of his wife as he passed her seat on his way back to his.
Wow. Thatthat.was just exhausting, he said as he fell into his chair at the head of the table.
Really? You think that was exhausting? questioned his wife in disbelief, while emphasizing the word that. That was not even close to exhausting. Again, emphasizing that and warning her husband of the thin ice lying ahead.
Hey! We have a second gift here dont we? said Mr. Krebs, heeding the warning of thin ice ahead. He leaned forward and reached for the second gift and with both hands slid it over in front of Charles.
Charles reached out for the gift, though more timidly this time. He was discovering birthdays to be a real crap shoot. He had an easier time with the wrapping on his second gift, scoring a direct hit on his first try and pealing the paper away in less than three swipes, exposing the football and kicking tee in its cardboard packaging.
What is it? Sara cried, holding up her corn-on-the-cob with one hand as if it were a club. What is it?
Charles held out the football, still in its container, toward Sara. Its a football. See? said Charles with only the slightest hint of sibling disdain. Sara saw and then bit into her corn-on-the-cob like the winning knight at a medieval post-joust celebration. She was clearly over her anger.
Charles was pleased. On several occasions, hed seen some older kids in the neighborhood playing football. Hed tried to get in the games by standing as close to the action as possible without getting run off or run over, hoping he would be invited to join in. He never was. Maybe now, with his own football, he would get the invite. Or maybe he would have to do the inviting. He didnt know.
Cake time! said his mother. She rose and began distributing plates and forks around the table. When she got to Sara, she picked up her daughters napkin and dangled it in front of her face.
Wipe your face, said her mother. Sara obliged and dropped the corn cob.
Now your hands, she said. Sara wiped.
Napkin on the plate. Sara dropped the napkin onto the plate.
Good.
Their mother took Saras plate into the kitchen and returned to cut the cake. She cut Charles first, then Saras, then her husbands and finally, one for herself, sizing each according to her knowledge of their cake needs and not their desires. Their father was the only one to have the courage to protest, emitting a slight sound of disappointment over his allotment. Their mother returned to the kitchen and poured Charles and Sara each a small glass of milk.
Do love that chocolate frosting though, said his father, smiling goofily at Charles as if he were sharing some closely held secret.
So Charles. Are you happy with your gifts? asked his mother. Not a bad haul for your fifth birthday, binoculars and a football, she said, taking a bite of cake.
 Yes, replied Charles. I like them, he said, thinking only of the football.
Then what do you say? his mother asked.
Thank you, said Charles, sheepishly. Thank you, he said to his father.
Hey! What about me? Sara protested.
What about you? Charles questioned, glaring at his sister.


5

Charles mother was anxious to get on with her next task and decided to wind down the birthday celebration. She rose to clear the table and suggested Charles take his gifts to his room. His father moved to the living room, turned on their relatively new, black and white RCA console television, rotated the dial to channel 6, the CBS affiliate, adjusted the rabbit ears a bit and retired to his orange naugahyde reclining chair for the evening, where he immediately lit a cigarette. Sara remained anchored in place at the supper table and Charles gathered up his football and binoculars. 
Charles mother washed dishes and cleaned the kitchen as his father relaxed, watched Marshal Dillon chat up the patrons of the Longbranch saloon and get the lay of the of the land as any good marshal would and of course, touch base with Miss Kitty, when a sonic boom passed through the living room. The unexpected wave startled Charles father and his sister, still sitting at the dining room table. His father convulsed with a full body twitch and his sister instinctively ducked. His fathers twitch caused hot ash to fall from his lit cigarette, causing further panic as he frantically brushed at the spilled ash, hoping no lit embers damaged his orange naugahyde or his trousers, all the while exclaiming, What the hell was that? What the hell! What the hell was that?
Charles mother paused, rinsed her hands and reached for a towel.
Charles room is the first bedroom down the hallway and shares a common wall with the living room. Charles lay on his bed, writhing in agony, as his mother entered. He grasped the toes of his right foot with both hands and rocked back and forth, sometimes all the way onto his back before righting himself. He was breathing hard and moaning all the while. His eyes were shut tight and he wore a grimaced scowl on his face. Surprisingly, there were no tears.
What happened? Did you kick the wall? his mother asked, sounding only slightly concerned.
Noooo, he groaned. I kicked .ball. hurt .toes, he barely managed, his eyes still closed.
Oh. Well let me take a look see, said his mother. Charles wouldnt let go of his toes. Let me see Charles. I cant tell whats wrong if you dont let me see them.
Charles stopped rocking and rolling and opened his eyes slightly to see what his mother was up to, assessing the situation. He slowly removed one hand.
Come on Charles, his mother coaxed.
Charles let go with the other hand  and his mothered peered at his toes.
You got some kinda dirty feet boy, his mother said, examining his toes. She noticed they were slightly more pink than the ones on his other foot. One could almost say they were red if one were trying to push the issue. But there was no bruising or swelling. No grossly bent toes, so she didnt think any were broken. She gently tried to move each one.
No! pleaded Charles.
Just checking. It doesnt hurt to check, his mother lied. It doesnt look like any are broken. Im thinking a bath will make them feel a lot better, said his mother, thinking of his dirty feet and hoping she wasnt going to be asked to kiss them to make them better.
Thankfully, Charles didnt ask.
Tell you what. Ill go fill the tub and you get yourself ready. How does that sound? said his mother, trying to lighten his mood. Charles lay on his back, sprawled out on his bed, staring at the ceiling and deep in thought. He didnt respond.
Okay then, Im going to go fill the tub, said his mother as she headed for the bedroom door. Cmon Charles.
Charles laid on his bed and didnt move. He couldnt get his mind around the last hour. What a crushing birthday blow. He has a football that hurts so bad to use, its useless and binoculars, that are, if he were truly being honest, stupid. Just stupid. Why couldnt he have gotten something really good like a bicycle or a dog. This is a travesty. This birthday is just a travesty! Though he wasnt thinking travesty. He was thinking stupid. Just stupid!
Cmon Charles! came the call from the bathroom.
Charles dragged himself off the bed and made his way toward the bathroom, making sure to use only the heel of his injured foot and keeping his football injury clear of dangerous, toe-stubbing objects along the way.
The bath, or time, or both, did make the pain in his toes go away or at least reduced it to the point where he almost forgot about it. When he first got out of the tub, he noticed he could touch his injured toes without an adverse reaction, but if he squeezed them the pain would return. He smartly decided not to squeeze them.
He returned to his room and put on a clean pair of underwear. He still had time to play before Final Call. Final Call meant it was exactly bedtime and no further excuses or delaying tactics would be tolerated. No comments about being thirsty or that you may have to go to the bathroom. And if you are going to have a tantrum about going to bed, get it out if the way before Final Call. It meant bedtime. Period.
Charles contemplated on his birthday gifts again. He picked up his binoculars and looked for the football, which had found its way under his bed after careening off the wall from its very first field goal attempt. One which had been a disastrous miss. He managed to knock the football out from under his bed with one hand, still holding the binoculars with the other. He gathered up the football and sat on his bed with them both. He set the binoculars down so he could  examine the football closely.
Charles ran his fingers over the rough, pimpled skin of the plastic football, raised it to his nose and inhaled the new plastic smell. He squeezed it and then squeezed it again, only harder this time. He timidly tossed it a few inches in the air, the football barely clearing his hands. It gently settled back into his palms. He tossed it a little higher. Again, gravity brought the football back to where it started, in his hands. He tossed it higher still. The football came back to him. The next toss raised the ball half way to the ceiling and required Charles to use both his body and hands to control the ball, catching it against his stomach and rolling him onto his back. The next toss would have raised the ball past the ceiling, but it bounced off, missed Charles outstretched hands, clipped the edge his mattress and then noisily bounced off the closet door before coming to rest under his bed again. Charles sat perfectly still, hoping the noise had not reached either of his parents. Charles held his position as if that would cause his parents temporary deafness.
It did. No one came and Charles slowly sat back up.
Charles picked up his binoculars and ran his fingers over the rough pimply skin, similar to the football, but black and hard. He raised them to his nose and inhaled the plastic smell. The smell is not as strong as the footballs, but its still good. He thought they smelled kind of lemony. He examined the lenses on both ends, discovered he could adjust the spacing of the eye pieces by pulling or pushing the oculars in or out, causing them to rotate about their central axis. He played with the focus wheel. He looked at the writing on the side of one of the oculars. The numbers he could read, 7 X 50. The manufacturer, Leupold Co., was Greek to him. He peered into one of the eyepieces and still couldnt figure out what the whole contraption was for. What was the point?
What is with all the noise in here?
Charles jumped at the sound, his brain sending a quick jolt of adrenaline through his body and rushing to his heart.
His mother stood just inside the doorway to his bedroom. You know Charles, we have a new rule. No football in the house. No kicking, no throwing, no bouncing or any other shenanigans with the football. The football is for outside only, she said. Its time for bed anyway. Get your PJs on and get ready for Final Call.
Charles, still in his underwear and moving quickly for his pajamas, is shocked by the delayed reaction. He was sure hed been in the clear. Why did she wait so long if she really heard the noise?
Final Call came and went without incident. Charles had some trouble falling asleep, it being the last remnants of his birthday and all. When it finally came, he slept hard and of course, fast.


6

Charles is determined hes going to get in a football game. Somehow, someway. He decided he needs practice. After school, he quickly shifted from his school to play clothes, gathered up his football and its kicking tee from his bedroom and took them to the back yard.
Charles carefully set the tee in, what he thought to be, the best spot, the center of his backyard. He balanced the football on its tee as best he could, lined himself up several yards directly behind the ball and focused in on the tips of his toes. He hesitated, contemplating on his naked toes, thought a moment longer and ran inside to his bedroom to find his sneakers. It took him most of a minute, but he found them right where hed left them when hed changed into his play clothes from his slightly better school clothes. He returned to the backyard and plopped down next to the football, still resting on its tee and put on his shoes. He pulled the shoestrings as tightly as he could and tied the knots as carefully as he ever had.
Charles again lined up several yards directly behind the ball and focused in on the tip of his right sneaker. He launched himself toward the football, trying to focus on his foot, which had disappeared in a blur. He sprinted forward, head down and when he thought the time was right, he kicked as hard as he could.
It was a spectacular miss. The momentum of his right foot almost pulled his body off the ground. He barely managed to keep himself upright when it was over. But the weird gyrations did cause the football to fall off the tee. So there was some success.
Determined to have more success, he carefully set the football back on its tee and lined himself up again. This time he did manage to brush the side of the ball, sending it rolling slowly, about ten feet off to the side.
He tried again, miss. Again, miss. Again, slight brush. Again, slight brush. Again, miss.
His mother, watching from the sliding glass doors of the living room, felt tears start to well up in her eyes. Shes filled with pride and has never seen such a heroic effort. She had to turn away.
Charles stopped and considered the situation. Finally, he reset the tee and the ball. He aligned himself as he had done before, deciding to ignore his foot and focus just on the ball. This seemed counterintuitive to him. Most of the time, when hes running, he focuses on his feet, watching them streak across the surface of the ground. Rarely does this ever end in disaster.
Once again, Charles exploded toward the football, staring hard. When the time was right, he planted his left foot and brought his right foot bear. The violent impact sent the ball flying toward the edge of the backyard. At the moment of impact, a blinding pain shot from his toes straight to his brain. Charles fell to the ground, grabbing at his right foot as he went down. All he could see was a blinding, bright light called pain. He had no idea were the ball went and he no longer cared about football.
Charles lay writhing on the ground, holding onto to his right foot with both hands. Slowly, the pain began to subside. Within a couple of minutes he was sitting upright. He couldnt believe this happened again and he was wearing shoes this time. Stupid football.
Charles got up and limped from the field, leaving the football and its tee where they lay. He never touched either again. They remained in the backyard for nearly two weeks. It wasnt until his father cut the grass that they were finally picked up for good and set on a shelf in the utility room.
Charles threw open the back door, sending it crashing against the outside of the house, loudly rattling the doors jalousie windows. He limped into the living room.
Excuse me! yelled his mother from the kitchen. Charles! You close that door and do it properly! You understand me mister? hollered his mother, using only her ears to assess Charles whereabouts.
Charles angrily turned back for the door and closed it. He stomped and limped his way to his bedroom, making as much noise along the way as he could. He flopped onto his bed, stared at the ceiling and stewed in his anger. Life had never let him down like this. Not like this.
Sure, he wanted a dog and didnt have one. He wanted a bike. Didnt have that either. But deep down, he knows hell eventually get both. His parents will cave. He already sensed his parents starting to weaken on both topics or at least he hoped thats what he was sensing.
No, this was different. He had a birthday that had somehow turned into a complete bust. A birthday that inflicted physical pain. He thought, if this could happen to his birthday it might even happen to his Christmas. A Christmas that was a complete bust. The thought horrified him. He lay on his back and continued thinking horrifying thoughts.
Eventually, the horrifying thoughts exhausted him and he drifted off into his afternoon nap.


7

40 minutes later, Charles sat on the edge of his bed. Still groggy, but sleep had reset his mind. He looked around the room. It seems like hes been here before, sometime in the recent past. His face held no expression. He looked at the poster of Lassie taped to his wall. His mother had put it up when his desire for a dog had become incessant, hoping the poster would appease him. It had just the opposite effect. He looked at the matchbox cars parked in various formations around his room. He considered the cool yellow bulldozer in his closest and the games stacked on his closet shelf. He saw his school clothes in a pile, just as he had left them, little more than an hour before. None of the mundane objects jump started is slumbering brain.
His eyes caught the binoculars sitting on his dresser. The vision started his mind, but it was slow to come to speed, like a large diesel generator with a load of bad fuel, trying to overcome its own inertia.
His birthday! It had happened. And it wasnt a nightmare. It was real and it was bad.
Charles slumped, still gazing at the binoculars. He took a deep breath and let go the most depressing sigh he could muster.  Theres no use in denying. Hes grown tired of denying and hes ready to move on. On to acceptance. It was his birthday, it had happened and it was what it was.
Charles finally got up from the edge of the bed and moved for the binoculars, never taking his eyes from them. He started to reach, but hesitated. No, he thought, he can do this. Theyre his and hes going to accept them, no matter how disappointing they may be. Hes going to try them and then put them away. Put them away, out of sight, so he wont be reminded. But hell try them. Hes no longer expecting anything from them anyway, so how much more can it hurt? Not much, he thought.
Charles bravely snatched the binoculars from the top of the dresser, deftly moved around and over his matchbox cars and made his way back to the edge of his bed. He quickly placed the shoestring strap over his head and held the binoculars with both hands. He peered into the left eyepiece, the one his father had pointed to the previous night.
Just blurry colors. Even more blurry then he remembered. He pulled them away from his face, adjusted the focus wheel and took another look. Nothing but blurry colors. He held the binoculars up to his face with his left hand and tried to adjust the focus with his right. Something was happening, but he didnt know what. He pulled them away again and sat on the edge of his bed, looking at the binoculars. Then, he remembered what his father had said.
Everything is too close in here. I may have to do this outside.
Charles jumped up and bolted for the backdoor. He grabbed the knob and let the door fly, slamming the door against the outside of the house, loudly rattling its jalousie window. He took a hard left and headed for the front yard, the binoculars hanging from his neck and swinging wildly. And he never heard his mother protesting his rude exit.
Charles took a seat on the long brick planter at the edge of the carport, held the binoculars with both hands and hesitated a second to catch his breath. He slowly raised the binoculars to his face and looked, once again, into the left eyepiece. The colors are still blurry, but brighter now. He tried to turn the focus wheel, but it was difficult to do and still hold the binoculars steady, all the while looking through the eyepiece to see what effect it was having. Impossible really. He pulled them away from his face and thought about his predicament.
Charles got up, moved to the middle of the front yard and got down on his right knee. He took the binoculars and held them up vertically, so the left eyepiece was at the top. He grasped the bottom ocular with both hands and resting his left elbow on his knee, peered into the eyepiece. He adjusted his right hand, so his thumb rested on the focus wheel, while still providing some support to the binoculars. He slowly turned the focus wheel.
The blurry colors slowly began to tighten. An image began to appear. Charles looked. Hes fascinated. He didnt know what he was looking at, but the image was crisp. The world looked different through a lens. Some of it seemed familiar. But some of it hed never seen before. Not like this. What is it? Whats he looking at? Whats he seeing?
Theres something in the foreground that appears strange and unfamiliar. It seemed to have some movement to it. He thought he recognized the stuff in the background. Charles decided to ignore the object in the foreground and just focus on the backdrop. He tried to figure it out. He deduced he could see part of a building. A white building with green trim. Its heavily shaded from the afternoon sun, giving it the appearance of being deep in a cave. He can see the edge, of what he thinks, is a large tree. He can see Spanish moss. He can see more trees in the background. Theyre deep, deep green, covered with orange balls, like monochromatic Christmas decorations. He can make out a low wall, also painted white, but dirty from dampness and dark. The wall has green foliage spilling from its top.
The object in the foreground grew restless. Motion slowly began to build. The object got taller. Much taller. When it stopped growing, it blocked out a good portion of the background Charles was examining. Charles thought it looked like a man. Hed been looking at a man? Who?
The man slowly turned and gave Charles a view of his side. He wore dirty, khaki colored work pants and a thinning, long sleeve shirt that appeared soaked with sweat. The man had on a raggedy, old straw hat with a very wide brim that shaded his face from both the sun and Charles. To Charles, the man appeared to be old. Much older than his father, which is how he judged the age of adults.
The man took a red kerchief from his pants pocket. He tossed it in his hand a couple of times to get it to open up, removed his straw hat and covered his face with the cloth. He did this so quickly, Charles didnt get to see the mans face.
The man wiped his face and wiped again, allowing the red kerchief to soak up his sweat. After another wipe that took in the area under his chin and the back of his neck, he turned almost directly toward Charles and put his hat back on his head.
Its Hudspeth Rake!
Charles cant believe hes been watching Mr. Rake. The background he examined suddenly become obvious. He knows Mr. Rakes yard well and he ventures there often. Its the nicest in the neighborhood. Nicest by far.
Hudspeth Rake is called Hud by all of the adults and Mr. Rake by all of the children in the neighborhood, although Charles mother likes to call him Hudspeth behind his back, only because she likes to say Hudspeth and will often hold the th sound an exceptionally long time. Charles is fortunate he was born and christened before his mother ever heard the name.
Hud is in his early seventies and mostly retired from a lifetime of growing things for other people. He started working in the citrus industry close to the start of its central Florida beginnings. Hes cultivated new groves and managed mature ones. Hes done everything from grafting seedlings to hiring beekeepers for pollinating orange blossoms. Hes worked picking crews and set too many smudge pots. He knows every citrus disease and what to do about each. And he knows irrigation pumps and bushhogs.
Hes also spent the better part of the last fifteen years turning his yard into a subtropical paradise.
Mr. Rake knelt back down to continue his work, his backside pointing directly at Charles. 
Charles snapped the binoculars from his face. Hed been watching Mr. Rakes backside?! He looked in the direction the binoculars had been pointing. Sure enough, nearly 600 feet away, he saw a tiny Mr. Rake hunched over and working his yard.
Charles head began to swim. Something just happened. He wasnt capable of understanding, of comprehending. His world just blew up. Expanding like a frightened puffer fish. According to the magnification etched into the side of his binoculars, his world grew by a factor of seven and had done so almost instantly, at the blistering pace of 186,000 miles per second.
But its more than that. Way more. His birthday had not been a bust. It had been a miracle. His birthday was a miracle! And life had not let him down. It came through for him. Just as it always had. And all his Christmas are saved and his future birthdays too!
And to top it off, his sore toes are healed.
Charles heart raced, pumping adrenaline at a torrid pace. He was shaking he was so giddy. He leapt to his feet and ran for the house as fast as the weight strapped around his neck would allow. He had to show his mother! And Sara too!


8

Charles staggered down the hallway. His mind slumbered, void of thought and stubbornly refusing to wake. He has a body thats capable of motion without his brain firing on all or even any synapses, like a chicken that has unexpectedly lost its head. His legs propelled him along, blindly remembering the way, relying solely on what has become his excellent muscle memory. He staggered and weaved, his head down and one hand rubbing his eye with his other grabbing at air, before eventually finding a guiding hallway wall. He managed to make it into the kitchen and plopped down on the stool at the end of the counter. Charles slumped and sat motionless, the counter resting his elbow, his elbow resting his hand and his hand resting his head.
Its been 3 months and a handful of days since his birthday and though hes under the impression being five means no afternoons naps, he still takes them, often under protest. His mothers not ready yet to give up her peaceful hour. Charles always goes down, usually falling asleep within a few minutes. 
Several minutes passed. Charles caught sight of his toes. Theyre moving. Slowly clenching and unclenching the shiny, chromed, bottom rail of the stool. Both his right and his left set of toes performed the involuntary movement. His feet squeezed in an alternate pattern, then simultaneous squeezing. His dormant mind focused on the motion.
Charles suddenly remembered why hed gotten up from his nap. He jumped off the stool and ran to the living room. Nothing. He headed back down the hallway, past his own room, past his sisters room, to his parents bedroom. Nothing. He hesitated, then checked the bathroom. Nothing. Charles hesitated again and ran down the hallway, through the kitchen and dining room, to the backdoor. Without slowing down a lick, he twisted the knob and threw the backdoor out of the way. The door disappeared from his path and slammed into the outside wall, rattling the doors jalousie windows. Charles made a hard left and scurried down the covered walk, bare feet barely touching the concrete. His body and mind are fully awake. He flew across the four-inch step at the end of the walk, headed across the smoothly finished concrete of the double carport and made an abrupt halt at the open utility room doorway.
Did the tractor come yet? he asked the person who should know.
His mother, with most of her upper torso buried in their washing machine, concentrated on getting the final few items, stuck near the bottom, out of the machine and into a wicker basket. A vertically challenged woman, reaching the bottom of the machine requires maximum effort, on her tiptoes with fully extended fingers. Charles mother extricated herself from the machine and turned to her inquisitor, standing before her wearing nothing but white briefs. As fate would have it, white briefs will be Charles choice in packaging for the rest of his life. Though hell soon outgrow running around letting the world see this particular choice.
Well, good afternoon to you young sir. How was your nap? asked his mother.
Fine. Did the tractor come yet? Charles asked. His tone had a definite sense of urgency.
The tractor, that so concerns Charles, is a giant road grader. It unexpectedly arrived and quickly departed yesterday. He was playing in the front yard with his matchbox cars and trucks along the edge of the long brick planter that borders the carport. He was using the top of the planter as an elevated highway and had constructed several dirt ramps from the top of the brick down into the philodendron that filled the planter. When Charles first heard the rumbling in the distance, he jumped up and grabbed his binoculars from the top of the planter and ran to the middle of the front yard, pirouetting several times in search of the noise, all the while anticipating something spectacular was about to happen. Charles looked to his left up the road and then to his right down the road and then back to his left again. Charles probably should have looked up, but the direction never crossed his mind. Fortunately for Charles, he wasnt penalized for the oversight.
The giant behemoth first appeared to Charles left. Luckily, just the direction he was looking. The giant, dirty, yellow machine grew louder and larger as it slowly approached. Soon, the road grader and its operator were directly in front of Charles bugged eyes. He got to witness the beast from a full on side shot, directly in front of him. Charles quickly took in the machine. The tires seemed as tall as his father. Front articulated wheels and double fixed rear axles with a great metal arch between the front and back. The cab, with its operator, sat high atop the great arch. The noisy diesel engine belched smoke from a rising exhaust pipe tucked in close near the back of the cab. Slung under the arch was a huge metal blade, raised and cocked at an angle. Charles took in every inch and did not break from his frozen stare until the road grader had crawled away to his right, cleared the curve down the road and was completely out of site. Even then, Charles waited a minute longer, focusing on the diminishing sound and fading smoke, until he was sure the experience was over.
Oh, the road grader operator waived, but Charles was on sensory overload and unable to waive back.
No. I havent seen the tractor today. Dont know if its coming. They may have finished with whatever it was they were doing. Is your sister up yet? asked his mother as she put the last of the wet clothes in the wicker basket.
I dont know, said Charles. Hes focused on the road grader and disappointment is setting in. Besides, he hadnt seen his sister on his run through the house, not that her presence would have registered anyway.
His mother picked up the wicker basket by the two handles mounted near the top and steered the basket through the open utility room doorway. Once clear of the doorway, she transferred the weight of the basket onto her hip, freeing a hand to guide Charles back to the house.
Would you like some juice? his mother asked as they made their way to the covered walk leading to the backdoor. Hey! What did I tell you about leaving the door open?
Not to do it, said Charles. A response he gave often.
And that when you leave the door open you let the bugs in, said his mother in an exasperated tone. Shes under the false assumption giving Charles good reasons for lifes rules will change his behavior, or at least modify it slightly. Shell spend many years explaining the reasons behind the rules, always doubting, but always hoping it will have an effect on Charles. But then again, potty training the boy should have given her all the clues she needed as to what raising Charles would be like.
She set the wicker basket by the backdoor and made one broad leaning step over to grab the door handle, now 180 degrees from where it should be. Shell hang the clothes after she checks on Charles sister and gotten their juice.
Saras also up from her nap. Sort of. She lay on the coach in the living room, not quite on her back, but not quite on her side either. With one knee and one elbow in the air, her left hand at her mouth and her right extended toward the edge of the cushion. She lay there motionless, blankly staring at some unknown point in space.
Their mother closed the backdoor and made her way to the refrigerator. Whats your flavor cowboy? Orange or grape? she asked.
Grape, said Charles. He had orange juice everyday for breakfast. Charles sat at his usual spot at the dining room table, awaiting the arrival of the juice. He dismissed being called cowboy and contemplated the whereabouts of the tractor.
His mother grabbed two small, plastic Tupperware cups from the cupboard, gave the Tupperware container holding the juice a couple of quick shakes, popped the plastic opening on the container top and deftly poured the grape juice. She then placed one cup in front of Charles and one cup at the end of the table at Saras usual spot. Grape juice Charles, be careful, she warned.
Sara! You want some grape juice? her mother asked, her voice slightly raised.
No sound or movement came from the living room.
Their mother leaned around the end of the wall separating the living room from the kitchen. Sara, would you like some grape juice? she repeated, this time in a wake-me-up-from-my-afternoon-nap kind of way.
Sara slowly rolled off the couch and onto the floor, raised herself up and made her way to the table. The fact she never chose grape over orange, was not the first and it certainly would not be the last time Charles would inadvertently deny her a chance at choosing.
Charles sat sipping grape juice, wondering if he would get to see the tractor again. Hed never seen or heard it before so maybe it was a onetime event. Maybe his mother was right. Maybe theyd finished and would not be back this way. But it was still only mid-afternoon, so hell keep his eyes and ears open just the same. He wished hed get to see it again, if for no other reason than to return the operators wave. He was disappointed in his performance under pressure.
Go get some clothes on Charles, his mother said as she headed out to hang the laundry. And go outside and play.
Charles swigged down the last of the juice, left the empty Tupperware cup on the table and headed for his bedroom. He pulled open the bottom drawer of his dresser and grabbed a pair of dark blue shorts off the top of a neatly folded stack and jumped into them. He then pulled the middle drawer open just enough to get his hand inside and grabbed the first bit of cloth he encountered. He pulled the red and gray stripped, button-free shirt over his head and rotated for the bedroom door, zipping and fastening his shorts along the way. Barefoot and half skipping and half running down the hall, he abruptly stopped and headed back to the bedroom. Charles grabbed his binoculars off his dresser and threw the make-do shoestring strap around his neck. He hesitated for a second to make sure he had everything he needed. Yep, he did.
Charles threw open the backdoor. This time, he closed the door behind him with as much care as he could muster, which in his constant hurried state, is never very much.
Charles mother stood hanging clothes at the clothesline, no more than thirty feet away. Where are you headed young man? she asked.
Charles hesitated and grasped his binoculars tighter. He didnt really know where he was going. He never did. He thought for a second and said, Down to the lake.
And what are the rules?
Charles thought some more, not quite sure what it was he was supposed to say. Dont go in the water, replied Charles.
Yes. And what else?
It started coming back to him. And come when you call. Right away. In a straight line home, said Charles, more confidently.
And dont go farther than you can hear my call, said his mother. This last rule has proven problematic for Charles. Actually, all of the rules are problematic, but the hear-my-call rule is especially tough. The call is, in fact, a whistle. His mother has this uncanny ability to whistle loudly by placing her two pinky fingers to her lips. The calls unique and carries a great distance. It starts steady, falls off and then rises higher in pitch, the entire song lasting no more than two seconds. She whistles the call twice and then awaits the results. After about ten minutes, if no one comes, she repeats the exercise. Charles has tried to mimic the call himself, but all he ever got was dizzy and a sound similar to that of blowing out birthday candles.
Charles knows the call, Sara knows the call, most of the adults and all of the kids in the neighborhood know the call. When Charles doesnt hear it, someone else often does, telling him, Your moms callin, or if its an adult, Charles, I think your mother is looking for you. Charles stops and listens for the next sounding. It always comes and he always hurries home.
But Charles has also missed the call on more than one occasion. Either through inattention, distance, background noise or a lack of auxiliary ears, hes missed the call. And his mother has to come looking for him when he does, sounding every few hundred feet. Things do not go well when hes found and returned home. Charles has not figured out the exact limits of his range. It seems to inexplicably change. Somewhere, theres an invisible line. On one side of the line, the call can be heard. On the other side, complete silence.
Dont go farther than you can hear my call, said his mother, more slowly and more sternly this time as she was getting the sense Charles attention was fading.
Okay, said Charles.
Okay, said his mother as she turned back to hang clothes on the clothesline. The clothesline is a mechanical contraption that looks like a naked umbrella thats been opened. It has a center post with four metal arms extending from the top. Two white rubber coated wires run between each of the arms. The thing is supposed to pivot, so a person can stand in one location and just rotate the arms around as the clothes are hung. This one doesnt. Charles may be responsible for this lack of rotation, though hes never been formally charged. Hes considered a person of interest, a term his mother picked up from the newspaper and uses in lieu of formal names when a transgression has been committed.


9

Charles clasped his binoculars firmly with both hands, the shoestring strap around his neck and his bare feet making double-time over the ground. His beloved binoculars, which he carries everywhere except school and church, are quite large, heavy, black, made of Bakelite plastic and with the shoestring strap around his neck, hang well past his waist with the eyepieces almost to his chest.
Charles and his binoculars are now inseparable. Hes become an expert in their use, being able to quickly target the object of his interest, focus in on it and interpret what he sees. He considers his discovery of optical magnification to be of the same order as mans discovery of fire, nothing less. He observes everything with them, including his own family. His sister is oblivious to the close scrutiny, his mother tolerant of it and his father, extremely uncomfortable with it.
His father was so annoyed by the fine grain analysis he often found himself under that he hatched a plan for the binoculars to be lost. His fathers co-conspirator, his mother, placed them on an upper kitchen cabinet shelf one day when Charles was at school. The plan was for his father to take them back to work the next day and put them back in the storeroom where he originally found them.
When Charles arrived home from school, he immediately went for his binoculars, just as he always did. When he couldnt find them, he searched the house. Then he completed a frantic search, before moving on to a destructive search. His emotions unraveled with each progressive search before finally, degenerating to full on hysteria. His mother surrendered and surprisingly, managed to find the binoculars in his dirty clothes hamper. When his father arrived home he was told point-blank by his co-conspirator that the binoculars would be staying and to get used to life on a glass slide.
When Charles first started carrying binoculars he tried to run with them just using the strap around his neck for support. With each running stride, the binoculars careened more out of control, swinging wildly from side to side and repeatedly crashing into his knees and chest until the flailing, heavy object drove him to the ground.
Charles likes a lot of things, but he loves two things especially, his binoculars and running. Running is almost his only means of locomotion and until the binoculars, his greatest joy. He doesnt own or even know how to ride a bike, so his feet are it. He knows the shortest distance between two points is not a straight line, but running in a straight line. He loves the sensation of speed and the feeling of weightlessness. He loves running against the wind and with the wind. He loves running close to trees and bushes and mailboxes and seeing them whiz by. He loves running through puddles and along the lakeshore, watching as his bare feet spray water on impact, imagining hes so fast he can run on water. He loves running with his arms outstretched and his arms in tight. He loves running flat out, looking down and seeing the earth move by in a blur, with both feet off the ground and with just a little more on the throttle 
Charles just loves to run. And hes well suited for it too. He weighs in at a mere 42 pounds, with a bird-like skeletal structure and muscle development on the only parts of his body that matter. Charles possesses a propulsion system as efficient and strong as any ever produced. 
Hes learned, in short order, running and packing binoculars, though desirable, is not possible. As much as he loves running, hes had to cool it to carry the binoculars on his afternoon and weekend soires. Hes more worried with the safety of his binoculars than himself.
Charles developed the quick-step and when he has his binoculars, which is almost always, thats how he moves. He clasps the binoculars with both hands, holding them slightly away from his body, with his back as straight and upright as he can maintain. He then is able to raise his knees enough to almost attain running speed. It makes him look like some freakish machine, maybe even a failed research project from Bell Laboratories. The strange form of bipedal locomotion has neighbors thinking the boy strange, though the kinder, more accepting ones use terms like unique or different. Charles, always the observer, never considers hes ever being observed.
Charles meandered his way across the neighbors front yard and the front yard of the neighbors neighbor, the simple activity clearing his mind of the review of the rules he had just concluded with his mother. His bare feet never noticed the hot asphalt road as he crossed it, diagonally, and entered Mr. Rakes botanical garden.
Charles loves Mr. Rakes yard and visits almost daily. He loves the smell of it and the cool, deep shade that blankets most everything. He loves all of the strange plants and the rich, damp, planting beds covered with decomposing leaves that yield the fattest fishing worms hes ever seen.  He loves Mr. Rakes dock, where he learned how to make bread balls, hardening them with wet fingers and dropping them into the crystal clear water and watching the sunfish swarm from under the dock to attack the tasty morsels as they descend toward the lake bottom.
Each time Charles visits, Mr. Rake is always working on something or other in his yard. And although they see each other almost daily, they rarely speak. In the beginning they spoke often. But the only thing they ever said to one another was, What are you doing?, which didnt sit well with either. Mr. Rakes wife, Bessie, eventually convinced her husband the boy was doing no harm. It was Bessie who taught Charles about making bread balls and she will often offer up a stale slice for his afternoon entertainment. Charles, with the observational skills of a dog, learned to leave Mr. Rake alone. Now, each views the other as they would one of the many squirrels that inhabit the grounds.
Hud Rake loves working his property. Hes good at making things grow. Always has been. Hes spent a lifetime growing things and his desire to keep doing it seems to grow stronger everyday.
He chose the property because of its bones. The place has spectacular bones. Hud purchased the property from the son of the original builder. The mans father, one of the pioneers of Floridas citrus industry, had planted and nurtured almost 80 acres of citrus. But hed reserved one spot. One parcel he did not plant and would not touch until the time was right. When his citrus trees had matured enough to produce a handsome and recurring income, he built his family home there.
The spot he so cherished sits on the shore of a lake nearly 1200 acres in size and is, actually, one lake of a four-lake chain. The lake would eventually take his family name and become known as Lake Worthington.  By Florida standards its deep, averaging almost 25 feet in most places and its clear, being fed mostly by numerous springs and some runoff and is unstained by tannins.
The property is covered by giant, ancient live oaks, thick with Spanish moss. Long, low hanging tree limbs give the place the feel of ancient architecture. The pioneer had cleared the underbrush and everyday he worked his grove he took his lunch there. There, he would fantasize and plan. The place always reinvigorated him. He was thankful his dream was so close by he could spend time with it everyday. On Sundays, the day he did not work, he brought his family to picnic and swim there, so the place could do for them, what it always did for him.
The pioneers son had taken over the grove operation and the house when his father had passed. But a hard freeze one year, the post war boom and the fact he was getting older, convinced the son to sell out. He decided to plat the land and sell parcels off in mostly half-acre chunks.
Hud, who had done work for the son when the grove was in its prime, heard of the plan and came to investigate. Hed wanted to take over all of the land, both the house with its idyllic setting and the 80 acres of grove. But he couldnt swing both and given a choice, he could not pass on the house and the property it sat on.
If you were to ask Hud Rake for his favorite memory of the last seventy or so years, he would say, without hesitation, it was the day he brought Bessie to see the place. He tried to describe it to her on several occasions and was always sure he had failed miserably. Bessie, who knows of Huds love for orange trees, had a hard time comprehending how he could pass on 80 acres of prime citrus, for a house.
Hud waited for the perfect day and it fell on a Tuesday. It was late winter and it was one of those days, repeated often enough, that would go on to destroy an entire state. It was flawless and showy. Crisp, crystal sky and 72 degrees. He brought Bessie in their old pickup. The day even made the old truck seem better than it really was. He drove slowly, taking it all in, hoping his cavalier pace would build her interest.
He drove down the ruts of the grove road, carefully guiding the truck tires down the narrow, parallel sand paths. The orange trees were so close you could reach out and touch them on either side. The grove was in full late winter bloom and Hud set the window ventilator to wide open to scoop the scent of the orange blossoms into the cab. 
When he made the last turn and descended the slight grade towards the heavily shaded house with the giant oaks and the dripping moss and the glimmering crystal lake, his emotions got the best of him. He could not speak. At that moment he knew, the woman, previously known as Bessie Caitlyn Collins, realized she had married well. They rode in silence the final few hundred feet.
Though Hud couldnt save the grove and it was slowly sold off in half-acre parcels, many of the citrus trees remain. The old groves sand road was eventually paved and the neighborhood slowly developed. The homes came in a variety of styles and sizes, as did the people who occupy them. Some young, some old. Some families and some couples. The homeowners saved as many of the citrus trees as possible and many of the lots were never built upon, the citrus trees they hold still growing and looking more like real trees, instead of the closely cropped and rounded shapes found in a well manicured grove. The trees still produce and produce well.
Though the old house and its ancient setting no longer stand alone, the place still holds plenty of magic for an old man with a spade and a five-year old with a stale piece of bread.


10

Charles made his way through Hud Rakes impeccable yard. Stopping to check one of the planting beds for worms, he brushed at the leaves and soil, exposing several large wrigglers. Satisfied the supply was adequate, he quickly moved on. He stopped and watched Mr. Rake, who was tending to his orchids. They did not speak.
Charles moved on to the lake. He removed the binoculars from around his neck, carefully set them on Mr. Rakes dock and waded in. The water was cool, but he quickly got used to it.
Though one of the rules is he is not to go in the water, Charles always interprets this to mean dont go in the water far enough to get your pants wet. He can safely go in up to his knees and not be in violation. If he does get the edge of his pants wet, he makes sure theyre dry before he returns home, unless of course he hears the call, in which case there will need to be some covert behavior on his part when he arrives there.
Charles shuffled his feet over the sand bottom, feeling for the lake muscles imbedded within. Hes learned lake muscles make excellent bait. He knows how to find them now, feeling with his bare feet for the edge of their shells barely poking up through the sand, slightly ajar, filtering the water for food. Theyre numerous and easy to find. What isnt easy is getting at the muscle inside. When he finds one with his feet, he has to grab it and get his fingernail in the edge of the tiny slit of an opening before the muscle realizes whats happening and closes up so tight Charles cant  gain access. Its a skill hes not yet mastered.
Charles found and tried to open a half-dozen muscles, failing on every attempt and tossing the miniature locked boxes back into the water each time. Finally, he waded back towards the dock, moving slowly so as not to cause too much disturbance to the water, thereby preserving his dry shorts.
He positioned his feet near the dock piling closest to shore. Standing in ankle deep water, he bent over and waited. Within seconds, a fleet of minnows timidly emerged from under the dock, enticed by Charles always irresistible feet. He watched and waited. Soon, the minnows surrounded the front half of his feet, the entire school maintaining a consistently safe distance. Finally, a single brave minnow darted forward and nipped at his big toe before rushing back. Charles waited patiently. Another minnow shot forward, took a nip from a different toe and retreated. Charles waited. Soon, several of the minnows were rushing forward and then back.
Charles slashed at the water with his left hand, sending as much of it as he could towards the shore. The splash got his clothes wet and stranded three minnows on the beach, their liquid environment quickly retreating away from them back to the lake.
Charles leapt onto the beach to asses his catch. He quickly picked up and kept the largest of the minnows and tossed the two rejects back into the water. He held his delicate prize carefully and waded back into the lake.
He bent over and slowly lowered his cupped hands into the water, allowing it to seep in through the seams between his fingers, filling the small bowl. The minnow darted wildly in his hands, bouncing off the sides of the tiny aquarium. Charles watched his catch. Finally, he lowered his hands further into the water and watched the minnow escape over the top and streak back toward the dock.
Charles hopped up onto the dock and picked up his binoculars. He then hopped off on the other side and made his way along the shoreline. He was now off the Rake property and onto the lot next door. The lot is undeveloped and severely overgrown. It still holds several of the citrus trees of the original grove and a single oak tree near the shore. A well worn path meanders through the lot from the main road down to the lake. Charles rarely uses the path, preferring instead to cut through Mr. Rakes yard.
Charles sat down and leaned his back against the base of the oak tree. Its a spot he uses often and the vegetation is well worn by the many visits of his backside.
He scanned the horizon, considering which direction to point his binoculars this day. Charles adjusted his position, leaned forward, brought his knees up and pinched the lower ocular of his binoculars between his knees. He leaned forward and peered into the upper eyepiece, adjusted the focus wheel and brought the shoreline of the opposite side of the lake crisply into view.
Before hed gotten the binoculars, the opposite shore of the lake was a great mystery. Its almost three-quarters of a mile away and a place Charles could only wonder about, promising himself, hed visit one day.
Charles can now see, with pretty good detail, the opposite side of the lake. Its heavily forested with large oak trees and random palms poking up every once in awhile. He can see a house here and there, set back from the lake and buried under the large oaks. He thinks its very similar to his side of the lake. He can sometimes make out activity in peoples back yards. Hes found a dog he likes to watch and will often check to see if its out. He assesses docks and makes judgments as to their overall fishiness. The older, more dilapidated, being fishier than the well kept.
What you watchin now four eyes? Or should I call you three eyes? Cause you clearly dont know nuthin bout banoclers?
CJ Greer stood over Charles, barefoot and skinny with dirty blond hair bobbed near her earlobes. Wearing a well worn baby blue sundress with a torn pocket on the lower front side, she seemed pleased, to have once again, successfully ambushed the lowly Charles Krebs.
CJ is short for Catherine Jean. She is 7, in the second grade and stands a foot taller than Charles.
Charles pulled back from his binoculars. He didnt know why she had such a smug look on her face. No way CJ Greer could ever sneak up on him. Her sudden appearances came as no surprise. He was always expecting her.
Let me see! demanded CJ.
No! No way! Charles snorted, clasping the binoculars tighter with his knees and adding both hands, strengthening his defenses as he expected an attack was imminent.
Dont matter ta me. Anythin you lookin at caint be worth seein anyways, CJ said snidely, though she really did want to take a look.
Charles relaxed a bit. He decided if she did attack he would tuck and roll, protecting his binoculars with his whole body.
Besides, I just came to tell ya somethin, said CJ. I just whooped Monty. Yep, whooped him bad.
The news took Charles by surprise. CJ got in a fight with Monty? He knows CJ can be mean as a snake, but fighting Monty? Hes never known Monty to be a fighter. And if she hurt Monty hed have to do something about that. He couldnt let it just pass on by like it was nothing. He couldnt. He may even have take her on. But first, he thought, hed better see how bad Monty was hurt. He didnt relish a fight with CJ. If Monty wasnt hurt too bad, maybe hed be able to overlook it. Itd be hard to come back from a whoopin by CJ.
Monty belongs to Mr. and Mrs. Carey. Hes a mutt, but mostly resembles a golden retriever. Mrs. Carey, who is English and married an American serviceman after the war, named their dog after British Field Marshal Montgomery, a hero of hers. When Monty manages to gain his freedom, which is several times a week, hell run the neighborhood with the first kid who comes along, even if its CJ. Monty and Charles ran together often.
Charles jumped to his feet, letting go his binoculars, allowing them to dangle freely from his neck. You hurt Monty? Charles questioned. Cause if you did..
I didunt hurt Monty, you dork. Well, maybe hurt his pride if that dog ever had any. And what you gonna do if I did? demanded CJ.
Charles was getting mad, but he didnt have an answer as to what he would or even could do, which made him even madder.
I whooped him in a race. Smoked him really. And it wasnt even close, said CJ, confidently.
Charles knew that was a lie, but he did feel some relief regarding Montys well being. But nobody is faster than Monty. Charles has run against him and played tag with him. No, nobodys faster than Monty, especially not a liar like CJ Greer.
You lie! snorted Charles. You couldnt beat Monty in a race!
Technically, CJ had beaten Monty. Beaten him badly too. Both knew they were in a race. Its not like Monty could plead ignorance. But midway through, Monty encountered a foul smell. A really foul smell. Instinct being what it is, he stopped to investigate. Race lost.
Why? Just cause you caint beat em? came her retort. I could beat you with a nail stuck in one a ma feet.
And there it was. The challenge. The call to arms. She knew he wouldnt back off. Couldnt back off. Not when shed beaten his beloved Monty. Hes on the hook, almost through the gate and soon, shell slam it shut. She hoped she hadnt gone too far with the nail comment. That would be a righteous handicap, she thought.
You sayin you wanna to race me? Charles questioned, in disbelief. He knew he would beat her. He wanted no part of a fight with CJ, but a race? Hed flick her aside like she was a bad booger.
Ya, thats what Im sayin. Right now. Ill race you right now, CJ said boldly.
Charles was slightly taken aback by her confidence. It unnerved him a little.
Okay. Fine. Right now, responded Charles. Well race right now. Where you wanna do it?
CJ hesitated and thought about where best to do the deed. Follow me, said CJ and she headed towards the water.
Charles watched as CJ waded into the lake, hesitated and then followed.


11

CJ waded through the shallows of the lake, water to her knees. She slowly made her way up the shoreline, moving away from the Rake property and bypassing several overgrown lots. She carefully guided Charles through the lake vegetation. The spider leading the fly.
Moving in silence, both pushed aside cattails and waded past swamp lilies and duck potato. Charles followed CJ and tightly clasped his binoculars with both hands. Hes pretty sure he knows where theyre headed.
Soon, they cleared the overgrown lots and came out on a well kept beach. Stretching out in front of them is a long strip of sand. Its damp, well packed and smooth. In the distance, a small aluminum boat lay upside down, its shiny hull pointing skyward.
The homes along this section of the lake had cleared the shoreline of vegetation, both on land and in the water, turning their weedy shoreline into pristine beach. They can swim without the creepiness of lake vegetation and the creatures it may hold.
How bout here? CJ asked, already cutting a jagged starting line deep into the damp, packed sand with her big toe.
Fine. This is fine by me, said Charles. The beach is exactly where he thought they were going. Hed run the beach often. Its a fast track. CJs not going to beat him here or anywhere else for that matter, though her confidence puzzled him.
How bout first one touches the boat? asked CJ, pointing off in the distance at the glistening hull. Ill even let you say go.
Fine, said Charles. He thought of how he should do the countdown. On your Mark, Get Set is certainly the industry standard, but 1,2,3 could also be used or 3,2,1. He considered which would be easier for him, since the burden had fallen his way.
You gonna run with those banoclurs? asked CJ in a condescending tone.
The question sent an uneasiness through Charles. He heard the alarm. Of course, the binoculars! Shes after the binoculars! This isnt about racing at all. She wants him to set the binoculars down and snatch them when his guard is lowered. Her confidence suddenly rang hollow.
I aint gonna touch your stupid banoclurs! blurted CJ. You wanna run with them around your neck. Fine.
Charles found himself in a very uncomfortable position. The proverbial fork in the road. The rock and the hard place. The tight spot.
I know this Charles Krebs! Were racin! And yourre gonna do it with or without yur stupid banoclurs! shouted CJ. You got me over here and now were racin!
Charles felt his spot grow tighter.
How was he to protect his binoculars? If shes lying, theyll be vulnerable. If he raced, he cant do it with the binoculars around his neck. He knows what the outcome of that will be. And she sounds pretty serious about racin.
Charles caught site of a concrete garden table, close to the house nearest to where they stood. If he put the binoculars there, its far enough away that he would have enough time to recover should CJ tried anything funny.
Charles darted for the table and CJ rolled her eyes.
When he returned, CJ said, Are you kidding me? I thought I was gonna have to chase you down. And I woulda too!
Charles placed the toes of his right foot tight against CJs jagged starting line and prepared himself for the start of the countdown. You ready? he asked. CJ shook her head, yes.
On your mark! shouted Charles.
CJ had one last psychological grenade to toss Charles way. She turned her head and tightened her eyes. Charles saw them grow to thin slits.
Yur crazier n a sprayed roach if you think yur beatin me.
The statement and its intensity caused Charles to lose his place and have to abort the countdown. Hell have to start over. Charles gathered himself, took in one last deep breath and made the call. 
On your mark!
Get set!
Go!
At the sound of the hard G, both leapt from the line.
Charles sprinted forward, but then held back, choosing to just keep pace and monitor CJ. He had to make sure she wasnt going to bolt for his binoculars. From the corner of his eye he watched her. She was eating up the ground in long, smooth strides, her head high and her eyes focused straight ahead, her tattered sun dress plastered against her from the friction of the wind.
She seemed to be racing, he thought. Maybe she wasnt after his binoculars. He considered where hed placed them and thought they were well past that.
His binoculars deemed safe, Charles cleared his head. Hes free to run and running is his specialty. He picked up his pace and pulled slightly ahead of CJ.
The race was on.
They raced on almost side by side, bare feet clawing at the damp sand, dirt clods flying up as the four sets of toes dug deep into the hardened beach. Both are moving faster, each allowing the other to set the pace for only a few strides.
Charles caught an image out of the corner of his eye. It was CJ. She seemed to be ahead. The image was frozen. It was CJ with both feet off the ground, her stride so long it made her look like she was floating, her dress static against her body.
Charles dug deeper and extended his stride.
The four sets of toe holds were spacing farther apart with the ever increasing speed. Pockmarks being laid down exactly parallel.
Charles caught another image. It was exactly like the one before, but this time CJ was further ahead. Charles felt something funny. He started to feel funny. Something hed never felt before. Panic had started to ooze from his brain. He checked himself, managed to shut the wicked valve tightly and pumped harder. He focused on each stride, determined each would be perfect.
They both raced on. A bright flash caught both in the face as they streaked through the sun reflecting off the shiny aluminum directly ahead and drawing closer with each gigantic stride. Legs and arms pumped fiercely. Their lungs noisily exchanged the energy giving air. Feet pounded the hard packed sand and the world they ran through was silent, oblivious to the great battle occurring on the beachhead.
They raced for dominance. One over the other, for their place in the neighborhood and one ran for Monty. Neither could take the loss. 
Charles made the foolish mistake of looking over again. When he did, everything slowed down. The images were so slow he could see every bit of movement, every bit of detail. CJ had pulled well clear of him. He could feel things he never felt before. He could feel his lungs. He could feel the biting at his shins as muscle clung desperately to the bone. He could feel every joint as they strained to stretch beyond their limits.
And he could see into the future and it was bleak. He could see CJ touching aluminum before him. Now, panic flowed freely and he was helpless to stop it.
There will be no victory and no revenge for the tarnishing of Montys honor.


12

CJ, now well ahead of Charles, moved over directly into his path and slapped the bow of the aluminum hull with a loud thud as she streaked by. Charles was sure his heart had exploded as the boat hull sounded for the winner.
A second later, Charles passed the bow.
CJ slowed to a jog. Charles immediately bent over and grabbed his knees. His mind, so deprived of oxygen, didnt fully grasp the consequences of his loss.
CJ pirouetted and then set the final lance,  If you were any slower Charles Krebs, youd have a shell on your back!
It was done. Satisfied, CJ jogged off.
Charles didnt move, didnt respond. Hes exhausted. The quickly fading adrenaline from his panic attack had sapped him of  energy. He clung to his knees, sucking in air and waiting for some part of his body to recover. Any part.
Soon, he could stand upright. It seemed eerily quiet. At least shes gone, he thought. Charles looked down the beach, back towards the starting line. It seemed along way off. The sudden quiet made him feel strangely alone, a sensation he couldnt remember ever experiencing. His distorted blood chemistry gave him an awkward feeling, like there were two of him. It gave him the feeling that what had just happened had really happened to someone else, if it happened at all. Someone else ran the race, but he could feel everything the runner felt, everything the runner experienced. It was a different him who had been beaten, not the real him.
Charles remembered his binoculars. He needed to get to them. They could still be in peril. He thought CJ might be doubling back on him. She knows where hed placed them.
He staggered a bit his first few steps. He realized he would have to focus just to walk. He did and his steps grew more stable.
Charles walked with his head down. His body began recovering and retaining oxygen. The feeling of duplicity began to fade. He thought about his defeat. Did it really happen? How could he lose at running? Its his thing. The thing he loves the most, besides his binoculars. Its what hes best at. Better than anyone. At least, anyone with no more than two legs. His legs would never let him down. Charles began hoping. Hoping it didnt really happen. How could it? Things had always gone his way. It made no sense.
Charles caught site of the divots in the sand. He stopped. The image made the duplicate him begin to reappear. He knelt to get a closer look. The gouges looked real. He reached out to put his finger in one of the divots his other set of feet had left behind. When his finger touched the loosened sand, near the bottom of the mark, it bit him. It bit like an electric shock. Charles snapped is hand back and lost his balance, rolling backwards.
He scrambled to his feet, sure something was after him. He looked around to see if anything was near. He saw nothing that could immediately devour him, but he did see pockmarks. They stretched out in both directions, seemingly infinite, recording perfectly what had happened there, like a giant time machine that could take you back through every stride and every second of the race. Charles staggered at the site.
He had to get to his binoculars. He sensed something bad was about to happen to them. Charles made the decision to use all of his remaining strength to run. To run for his binoculars. He had to get to them and quickly. The infinite array of divots made him keenly aware every second counted. He felt the crippling sensation of panic start to flow through his body again, a feeling he had to get away from.
Charles ran from the beach, choosing to run on the grass through the backyards, trying to get far from the crippling time machine. His eyes searched for the concrete table where he had stashed his binoculars. When he couldnt see the table, he struggled to keep his panic in check. But he did see it. He couldnt see a black spot where his binoculars should be. Where are my binoculars? There. A black spot. He could see a black spot.
The black spot grew larger as Charles struggled to get to it. The spot soon took the shape of his binoculars. He lunged at the black shiny object, stretching the final few feet and barely managed to grab hold of them as he fell to the ground.
Charles clutched the binoculars to his midsection. Feeling their familiar shape, calmed him as he lay on the ground.


13

Charles lay on his bed, staring at the ceiling, pondering his sour day. He couldnt remember ever feeling this bad. Hed never lost before. Never lost at anything. At least, he couldnt remember losing and now that he knows how it feels, he would remember if he ever had. He felt sick to his stomach and dizzy between the ears.
The only thing he could think of was to avoid CJ. Avoid her. No matter what. As bad as CJ was before, shed be even worse now. But how can he avoid her? Shes sneaky. She creeps up on you when youre not looking. At least, not looking for her. He has other things to look at. How can he constantly be on the lookout for CJ?
He wondered how Monty was handling the same situation. Though he still has doubts about CJ beating Monty.
Suppers ready! called his mother. Charles, Sara! Wash up!
Charles didnt feel like eating. His stomach still felt weird. Usually, hell eat most anything placed in front of him and come back for more. He dragged himself off the bed and moped his way to the bathroom. He felt like a slug. A slow, slimy slug. He passed Sara on her way out of the bathroom and ignored the opportunity to bump her, like he usually would, when the opportunity presented itself. He wet his hands and wiped them on the back of his pants and headed for supper.
Charles pulled his chair out and climbed onto it. Sara and their father are already at the table and eager to start. He barely noticed the damp paper with the fuzzy, purple markings setting on his plate. He simply moved it aside and rested his head in his hand, with his elbow on the table. He was barely able to hold himself up, his structural frame having turned to flexible gristle.
His mother came in from the kitchen and sat down.
Charles, I want to talk to you about that funny looking piece of paper, she said. Elbows off the table please.
Charles didnt hear his name and didnt respond.
Charles, can you hear me? asked his mother.
Charles heard his name and sat up, the look on his face indicating that was all he heard.
I want to ask you about the letter, said his mother, more sternly this time. Do you know what it says?
What letter? Charles meekly asked.
What letter! Did you just wake up from a nap? Cause you seem out of sorts. I refer you to the letter sitting under your nose, responded his mother.
Your honor, may I have a moment with my client? his father jumped in.
No. Youre not representing him, so no. Request denied. Besides, the letter is addressed to me, she said. It wasnt. The letter is addressed to Dear Parents. But for all practical purposes and in most day-to-day matters that would indeed be her.
I believe, your honor, every defendant is entitled to proper representation and I havent even seen the letter in question, came his fathers response. May I see the letter? he asked, extending his hand toward Charles, concerned the letter may contain some indiscretion committed by his client at school or other such place where a letter would be issued when such an event occurred.
Charles looked around, found the damp piece of paper and handed it to his father. The legal proceedings gave his head time to clear. Sara sat mesmerized, confident her brother is in some serious trouble.
His father examined the paper and the fuzzy purple markings and factually stated, I cant read this.
Exactly. You have just admitted to count one of the indictment. At the rate youre going youll be disbarred before supper is even over, said his mother.
Your honor I no longer wish to represent the defendant, said his father, handing the letter back to Charles. I request I be permitted to withdraw from the case due to inadequate preparation and well, really just gross incompetence.
His mother laughed. Oh, so now you want out? she asked, sensing she had two right where she wanted them. Since you were never in. Request denied.
His father, now unsure of his status with the case, didnt respond.
When I did your laundry I found the letter stuffed in the pocket of one your shorts, said his mother, looking directly at Charles. Have any idea what it says?
Charles looked at the letter. Hes not a strong reader and the fuzzy purple text of the mimeographed document was impossible to decipher, having turned to hieroglyphics with the addition of water. He shook is head, no.
It says you dont have school tomorrow or Friday. Mrs. Fishburn gave you the letter almost three days ago Charles, said his mother.
Shes had a , his mother hesitated. a death in the family. Shes going to North Carolina to attend the funeral. Shell be gone til Monday.
Charles heard little after, you dont have school tomorrow or Friday. He knows hes in some sort of trouble, but the fact hes getting out of school for two days turned the tide in his favor. Just what the doctor ordered. Bank error for him. The news caused him to put CJ to the back of his mind and started to bring him out of his funk.
Luckily, I called Mrs. Fishburn to find out if shed given you a letter to bring home and I had to ask her what it said, because no one can read that! said his mother, pointing to the document.
Charles, you have got to remember to give me these things. What if I had dropped you off at school tomorrow and no one was there? What would you have done? What would I have done? How would I have found out you were there all alone? she questioned, never waiting for any answers.
Oops, said his father, figuring his wife would have been able to deduce no one was home when she dropped off their son. Charles mother ignored the comment.
Charles vaguely listened to the lecture while he thought of the two days coming his way. Sara had lost interest and was now on her stomach, laying across her chair, trying to examine its underside.
The real question is how did the letter get wet? I found the letter before I put your clothes in the washing machine, stated his mother. I know better than to wash your clothes without checking the pockets first.
Id like to double down on that previous oops, his father threw in, while adding a fingertip drum roll on the tabletop.
Charles? How did the letter get wet? asked his mother.
Charles got a puzzled look on his face. Now she wants an answer. He couldnt remember even getting the letter, much less how it got wet. There are so many sources of water in his life. Tubs, toilets, a variety of faucets, hoses, water fountains, rain, puddles, lakes and its such a fascinating fluid. He would have never worn his school clothes down to the lake, at least he couldnt remember ever doing that.
Charles shrugged. I dont know, he said as meekly and innocently as could muster.
Well, weve never heard that before and it was so well thought out too, his mother flatly stated. Well then, I just dont know either. Ill just have to think about this. If I find out youve been going in that lake, the last sentence tapered off.
If I find out youve been going in that lake youre in big trouble mister!
Sara rolled off her chair, onto her head and landed on her back. Now, she can see the underside of her chair perfectly.
Have ever looked in my pockets? asked his father with a peculiar look on his face. Cause you never know what you might find.
Where are you going with a question like that counselor? his mother glared. And yes, Ive looked in your pockets.
Charles ate little at supper, mostly poking his fork at his share of the tuna casserole, pushing it around his plate and staring into the sticky mixture of noodles, tuna, peas and mushroom gravy. His funk had returned, worse than ever. The thrill of two days without school having been overcome by the CJ fiasco and the wet letter his mother is mad about. He worried he hasnt heard the last of the either. His mother said she had to think about it, so hes pretty sure there will be more to come.
Charles? Are you not feeling well? his mother asked, concerned she may have gone a little overboard about the letter.
Charles shook his head, no, never taking his eyes from the tuna casserole.
Well, you dont have to eat if youre not feeling well. You may be excused if thats what you want, she finally said.
Charles set his fork down and slowly oozed out of his chair. He made his way to the end of the table, hesitated near Sara and slowly exited the dining room for the living room and disappeared behind a wall, his movement more sloth-like than that of a true biped. The remaining diners all watched with fascination and some concern as the small boy was transformed into the sloth-like creature.
Wow! He really took that letter thing hard, dont you think? wondered his father.
I know, said his mother. I may have finally gotten through to him. If thats what its going to be like, Im not so sure either of us can take it.


14

Charles mother finished her clean up from supper. She needed to check on her son, concerned hes not right and feeling shed gone too far about the letter. She found him in his bed, leaning against his pillow and the headboard, cleaning his binoculars with a sock.
Charles didnt acknowledge her presence. He continued rubbing on his binoculars with his hand stuffed into a sock like it was a mitten, removing the days accumulation of sand and depositing it on his bedspread. His mother sat down on the edge of his bed.
Are you feeling okay? she asked quietly. Charles shrugged and continued wiping, never taking his eyes from the binoculars.
Hmmm. Im thinking since you dont have school tomorrow, we should do something, said his mother. Charles stopped wiping and gave her a look that said, Continue, Im listening.
Im thinking the three of us should go to Gatorland. How about that? she asked, knowing any mention of Gatorland would perk her son right up. Shes not particularly fond of the place, but it does have its positive attributes. Its free, its close by and her children love the place.
A smile broke across his moribund face. Gatorland! As soon as his ears heard the word his funk quickly receded. He tried to hide his excitement, but hes as incapable as his friend Monty of hiding emotion.
Gatorland? Really? Charles asked, excitedly.
Yes, really, said his mother. She felt her guilt recede along with her sons funk.
You, me and Sara. I thinkmmmtomorrow after lunch. How would that be? she asked.
Okay, Charles said eagerly, shaking his head and grinning. He didnt need to check his calendar. He was free.
You feeling better now? asked his mother, already knowing the answer.
Charles shook his head, yes. He did feel better. Life had just done a quick 180. He started to feel better about himself as if he had caused this fortuitous turn of good fortune. Hes a really strong magnet and life is nothing but a piece of ferrous metal. An invisible force always pulling for him. From his mothers tone, he sensed the letter thing was behind him too. For good. He felt well enough that maybe a little TV watching could be in order.
His mother didnt comment on the sand, deciding to leave well enough alone. Its his bed and hell have to lie in it.


15

Abby finished tying the scarf shed placed on her mothers head, adjusted it a bit at her mothers forehead and took a last look to see how shed done. She thought she did okay. Her mother had already placed a scarf on her daughters head, each serving as a mirror for the other. Their scarves are identical blue denim. Her mother made them from a scrap of material she found long ago. The scarves are hand washed several times a week and are worn almost daily. The wearing and the washing have taken its toll, but they matched and thats important.
Abbys mother, Ida, sat perched on an old wooden orange crate set on its end. She looked into her daughters eyes, asking her how shed done. Abby gave a quick nod to indicate shes finished and her mother looked good. Their morning ritual, silent as usual and now complete with the placement of the headscarves. Eleven-year old Abigail Washington and her mother are ready for work.
Abbys brother, Cyril, sat waiting on the steps of the front porch with their father. Its the morning routine. Father and son wait on the front porch, giving mother and daughter some needed privacy before the workday. Cyril played mumble peg with the used pocket knife he recently received for his 9th birthday. He can get the knife to stick most every time now.
His father, Zacherias, sat perched nearby, thinking.  Zach is the paternal leader of the small band of Washingtons. Zachs mind focused on what he always thought about. The same problems. The same obstacles. The same solutions. A regular job. A non-picking job. A non-moving job. An everyday job. How to get one and where to get one.
Abbys mother rose from her orange crate and went to the only other room in the house, the sleeping room. She knelt on the planks of the wood floor and lifted one of the mattresses as best she could. She reached under and felt for the small purse she had placed there the night before. When she found it, she undid the top few buttons on her shirt and placed the purse string around her neck. She adjusted the string so it fell across her breasts with the purse riding just below. She stood and buttoned her shirt, including the one at the collar. Thieves or fire can take the rest of their belongings, but the contents of the purse they can not afford to lose. She headed back for the front room, reached up and put out the bare light bulb with a careful pull on the overhead string. She worries for what will be left behind and hopes its all still there when they return. Her husband, daughter and son wait for her on the front porch. 
Their belongings consist of some sheets and blankets, work clothes, one set of decent clothes for each member of the family, the shoes on their feet, four plates, some flatware, cooking utensils, two pots, a cast iron skillet and a sewing kit.
They rent their home by the week. Its owned by a man who has some connection to the citrus company they work for and the rent is exorbitant. For the rent, they get a two room wooden shack set on brick piers. The structure is racked and sags badly. Utility service consists of a single spigot set at the back of the house for water and a single electric light fixture mounted to the ceiling of the front room with a light bulb switched by a pull string. The kitchen has a coal fired stove, a single cabinet and a dry sink. The interior walls are finished in newspaper, with a few areas having wallpaper placed there by an overzealous picker in a season long past. The furnishings include three mattresses, one of which they had to scrounge themselves and a few wooden orange crates.
On the plus side, there is a small front porch, a community outhouse with a modern toilet and bus transportation to work.
Their temporary home is near the middle of a row of identical structures, all with rusty tin roofs and dirty, white-washed pine board exteriors, painted long ago. The houses are packed tight and front a dirt road that is more trail than road with its sand, weeds and ruts. Similar clusters of shacks hug the dusty trail, some inhabited year round, most inhabited only during picking season.
Ida stepped between her son and husband, sitting on the porch steps. Abby followed close behind.  Her mother quietly sounded her every morning words, Lets go. Cyril let go one last toss of his knife and his father rose from the porch steps. Cyril grabbed his pocket knife, sticking perfectly upright in the sand, brushed the blade on his pants, gave it a quick inspection, carefully folded the blade into the handle and dropped into his pant pocket.
In single file, they moved through the darkness of the early morning for the company bus, parked and waiting close by. Soon, others will follow, emerging from their shacks, waiting for someone else to lead, to be first. Clocks and watches are rare among the pickers, so whoever heads for the bus first, serves as the timepiece for all others. A biological clock they all depended on.
On this morning, as on most mornings, Ida serves as the timepiece. Shes the first to reach the open door of the bus. The bus is an old retired school bus painted pale blue to match the name of the citrus company that owns and operates it. Painted long ago, its finish is now powdery with rust poking out where its been nicked and dented over the years. The paint is so faded and chalky, children can write their names on the bus sides using only their index finger and most have, the names appearing slightly bluer than the rest of the bus. On each side, just below the windows are the words, Bluebird Citrus Company, stenciled in block letters and black paint.
The bus driver, Hilliard Ferguson, leaned back in the drivers seat with his hat pulled low and slept, just as he did every morning. Hill has the ability to fall asleep anywhere, at anytime and he can do so quickly. Though hed only arrived and parked the bus 10 minutes before, hes deep in a sound sleep. Most of the pickers think he has a drinking problem, but the fact of the matter is Hills just a highly skilled sleeper.
Mornin Hill, Ida said as she passed by their driver. She took in a quick sniff. Whatever that smell is its not alcohol, she thought. Hill didnt respond and never moved.
Abbys mother allowed her take a window seat near the middle of the bus, before sitting down herself. Cyril took a window seat in the next row up and his father sat down beside him. The bus slowly started to fill with pickers. Some are families like the Washingtons, some are couples and some are singles, both men and women. Conversation is usually limited to Mornin, or a slight head nod.
Zach adjusted himself in the seat, leaned over slightly and pulled his wallet from his front pant pocket, a place he feels is more secure. He opened the sparsely populated wallet and pulled out a business card. He glanced at the print on the front side of the card.

Rev. Allen Rice Richardson, Bethel A.M.E. Church,
Reid St. Palatka Fl.

He flipped the card over and read the neat handwritten ciphering on the back.

1 box = 35 cents
5 boxes = $1.75
10 boxes = $3.50
25 boxes = $8.75
50 boxes = $17.50

Reverend Rice, whos a stickler for names, has a strong preference for his middle one. Hed given Zach the card and had gone over the calculations, teaching him how to figure his wages with the equations on the back of the card and simple addition. Reverend Rice had given him the card and the lessons after church the Sunday before they left town. It will be awhile before they will see the Reverend again. They will work picking oranges, tangerines and grapefruit for several more months, then head south for Lake Okeechobee to pick the last of the winter vegetables and the first of the watermelon crop. Theyll follow the watermelon harvest north through Florida, Georgia, the Carolinas and into Virginia. Then head back to Georgia for peaches and then South Carolina for more peaches, before finally returning to Palatka.
Zach projected the days wages. A decent grove and they can do 50 boxes easy. Maybe 60 if things go well. He tried to remember the number of times they broke 60 boxes. Once or twice a season at least. Abby and Cyril are getting older, growing taller and picking more every year. Sixty boxes could be their new standard. But a good day depended on the quality of the grove they will pick. Fat oranges and healthy trees filled the boxes faster than small oranges and sickly trees.
After several minutes of no riders getting on the bus, someone yelled out, Hit it! Aint nobody else commin. 
When their driver didnt stir, someone yelled out, Hey Hill, some of us gotta work for a livin! Hill never moved, which brought a growing chorus of pleas and commands. Got dammit! Wake up! Come on Hill! Somebody wake dat drunk bastid up! What yo ol lady do to you las night?! What the hell man!
Finally, a picker in the front row leaned forward and delivered a solid blow to Hills right shoulder blade. Hill sat up and slid his sad, straw cowboy hat back to the top of his head. Instant slumber to instant clarity, a natural born skill you cannot teach. Hill pushed in the clutch, pumped the gas pedal twice and hit the starter. About half the cylinders on the old bus managed to achieve combustion, with the other half searching for fuel and spark. Hill ground the shifter into first gear and slowly let out the clutch. The engine bogged as the bus slowly crept forward, the skilled operator managing to keep it in the land of the living with prudent adjustments to the gas pedal. The bus lurched its way along the dusty, rutted trail, desperately needing to find smooth asphalt before its tired mechanics gave out.


16

The morning moved forward from mostly dark to mostly light, when Hill slowed and turned the bus from its life saving asphalt onto a dirt road. Its engine had warmed up and most of the cylinders were achieving a power stroke when they were supposed to.
The dirt road is strait, wide, slightly elevated and well graded. It penetrated deep into a massive orange grove. Zach Washington examined the trees as they slowly rode by. The trees are deep green, well cropped and blanketed with plump orange globes. Some oranges hung in bunches like grapes. The space between the rows of trees had recently been mowed with a tractor and bush hog, providing easy access for the pickers. Rows of trees stretched out on both sides of the road, disappearing toward the horizon, as if theyd been painted by an artist, perfecting his trick for adding visual depth to a flat object with the use of a vanishing point.
Sixty boxes easy, thought Zach. And from the size of the grove, they could be picking 60 boxes a day for a month. He hopes theirs is the only bus coming. If it is, they could be picking this grove for the rest of the season.
Soon, the bus slowed and they passed a half dozen flatbed company trucks.  The trucks, with pale blue cabs and rusty black beds, sat parked in a straight line along the edge of the road. The cab doors have the company name in the standard, black block lettering. Some have the colorful company logo too, a single orange with a short stem and two green leaves. All are loaded with empty citrus boxes stacked three high. Straight wood ladders lay across the tops of the boxes. Stuffed in some of the boxes are burlap picker sacks. The drivers are all out loosening and tossing tie down straps off the boxes and ladders as the picker bus passed by.
Hill pulled his bus over in front of the last flatbed they encountered, depressed the clutch and brake simultaneously and brought the bus to a stop. He turned off the ignition switch and its engine ran on for several more revolutions, before finally dying in a single loud exhaust stroke.
Hill opened the bus door. Good luck peoples! commanded Hill.
None of Hills passengers moved. Most now felt their decision to wake Hill was premature and wished theyd allowed him to sleep awhile longer. Abbys mother patted her on the leg, rose from her seat and led her family off the bus. The other pickers soon followed and the bus emptied. Hill will leave the bus parked and catch a ride back to the plant with one of the flatbeds. Hell spend the day driving a flatbed truck and replenishing the picking crews with empty citrus boxes.
The first order of the day is to unload the trucks and the pickers are soon strung out along the row of loaded flatbeds. A few of the men climb up onto the beds and then onto the boxes and along with the drivers, start handing ladders down to the pickers below. Soon, the empty boxes start coming down and are dragged or carried into the grove. The men carry two boxes, women and children drag theirs. Burlap sacks are tossed in the air. The noise from all the activity seemed to disturb the tranquil grove and it protested with the eerie, early morning call of a crane. The unloading and distributing will take a good 45 minutes to complete and  the pickers wont earn a dime doing it.
The old wooden boxes the pickers use are far more important than their humble appearance would indicate. The box is the standard unit of measurement used in the citrus industry. Pay for both the lowly pickers and well-to-do grove owners are based on the box. Packing plants and juice processors keep track of the number of boxes coming in. Careful records are kept and quantities are reported to the state agricultural department and the federal government, all based on the box. Commodity traders buy and sell orange juice futures on the Chicago Commodity Market, basing their bid prices on the number of boxes they think the season will yield. A wicked cold front driving up the price of juice futures or mild weather driving it down.
The boxes are rectangular in shape, five sided and open at the top. A wood partition divides the box exactly in two, for no other reason than to provide reinforcement so the sides wont sag under the weight of a full load of citrus.
The Washingtons staked a claim to a single row of orange trees. Abby, Cyril, and their mother dragged boxes into the grove, distributing them along the first dozen or so trees of their claim. They also managed to grab two of the ladders and four burlap sacks. Zach hung back, helping to unload the trucks. When the trucks are empty, picking can begin. Once the trucks are unloaded, the drivers will take them back to the juice plant to reload with more boxes.
Zach grabbed two of the last few precious boxes and sought out his family. He inspected the distribution of the boxes his wife and children had arranged and adjusted the location of five or six of them. Abby, Cyril and their mother looked on, anxious to see how theyd done.
Looks good. Lets git to it, Zach finally said.
Abby and Cyril grabbed a burlap sack and tossed the rough fabric strap over their heads and onto their shoulders. Their parents each grabbed one of the long straight ladders and setup on opposite sides of the first tree in their row. Abby handed her mother a sack and Cyril did the same for his father. Their parents climbed and Abby and Cyril started picking on opposite sides of the tree. Theyll clean the tree of oranges as high as they can reach and their parents will pick above. The execution is practiced, fast and flawless. It would be rare for the Washington family to leave an orange behind. Theyre finally picking and making money.
When Abby or Cyril fill their sack, theyll empty them into a box, return and call out to their assigned parent above, Empty! theyll call out. Their mother or father will hand down a full sack from above and take an empty one in return. Abby and Cyril will empty that one and then continue picking down below. Usually, theyll strip the bottom portion of the tree before their parents finish up above. Theyll then wait on their parents, taking full sacks from above and handing up empty ones to be filled. Theyll move on to the next tree as a single unit.
Abby and Cyril are careful not to overfill the boxes. Overfull boxes pay no more than full ones. Besides, the boxes have to be stacked onto the trucks and oranges poking up past the top rail of the box are simply crushed by the weight of another box and wasted.
When theyre ready to move on to the next tree, its Abby and Cyrils job to check under low hanging limbs near the base of the tree for any snakes hunkered down there. If they encounter one, theyll all participate in driving it away. Snakes inhabit the groves and live off the vermin that live off the oranges. Grove owners tolerate them for pest control and pickers have to deal with them. Rattle snakes are the only ones they really fear. In this part of the country, they grow fat and long, almost seven feet and as big around as a strong mans calf. Though rattle snakes have the bite, they are relatively docile and prefer to casually move on if disturbed rather than stand their ground.
Pickers picked and boxes filled. The only time the pickers noticed the heat of the day was when they moved from sun to shade and back again. Few of the pickers noticed the pale blue International pickup as it slowly cruised past on the dirt road, its driver trying to observe their activities. The truck did a three-point turn almost a half-mile past where they worked and headed back their way. It parked near the middle of their work zone, along the edge of the dirt road and the driver got out.
Willis Reilly leaned against the right front quarter panel of his truck and proceeded to scan the work activities through his fighter pilot sunglasses. Will works for the Bluebird Citrus Company as a crew chief during picking season and one of a half-dozen general maintenance supervisors out of season. The position is not what he set out to be. His goal was to be in business for himself as a manager of citrus groves. A job thats year round, pays well enough and in this part of the country, a position of some importance and therefore, respect.
But a job like that requires a degree or even better, a pedigree. Will has neither. An acceptable pedigree means your daddy and possibly your granddaddy are well connected in the citrus industry. His isnt. A degree means at least a bachelors degree in agriculture, specializing in citrus. And preferably one from the University of Florida. Will made into UF, but soon discovered a degree in agriculture means science. Science as in biology, chemistry, both inorganic as well as organic and mathematics way beyond simple algebra. Will struggled through his first semester and gave up the fight in the middle of his second. That was 15 years ago and becoming a grove manager is just a dream from his youthful past.
Will couldnt see much activity from where he stood. The pickers had cleaned the first, second and third trees of the rows they worked and had disappeared from view of anyone standing on the road. Will looked at his watch, closing in on 11:00 am. He walked along the road and searched down the rows for one of the pickers. When he found one, he galloped down the road embankment and casually strolled down the row until he reached his picker standing high on a ladder.
What time did you guys start this mornin? Will asked, calling up to the picker.
The picker, daydreaming but still working hard, didnt notice Wills ambush approach and was unsure if the man had asked him anything. He looked down at the man looking back up at him through fighter pilot sunglasses. The picker held a blank expression as he hit rewind on his brain and replayed the last thirty seconds and searched for the question, if there was one.
What time we start? repeated the picker.
Will shook his head, yes.
The picker thought some and looked off in the distance and then looked back down.
Well, the picker said, If I remember right, we started as soon we got here. No lollygaggin. Soon as that bus stopped, we hit it. Thats how I member it.
Will got a pained expression on his face, gave a dismissive wave and turned away from the pickers ladder. I been doin this for over a decade now, he thought and I step into it like that. As soon as he heard the response he knew hed asked a stupid question. Man! No wonder Im doin what Im doin, he told himself.
Will walked back out of the grove and examined the trees along the way. The trees have to be picked clean. And clean means clean. Pickers cant pick just the oranges that are easy to get to. You had to pick em all. The ones at the top and almost out of reach and ones buried in deep. Will judged the pickers by it and the grove owners judged Will and his company by it.
He thought the trees looked pretty clean.
Will made his way back to his truck, got in and started the engine. He put the truck in reverse and slowly backed up. He stopped and looked down between a couple of the rows for activity. Hes not sure how big a crew is picking. He never knows how many will show. Will put the truck in first gear and slowly moved forward, stopping between rows as he headed out. He worried he didnt see many empty boxes. He cant have a crew waiting around for empties and wondered where the trucks are with the second load of the day. This is a big grove and he needs to keep things moving along.
Will has a second crew to check on and decides to do just that. Hell be back in an hour to make sure another load of empties has been dropped off. Will punched the accelerator, shifted into second and then third and sped back up the dirt road, his velocity sending up a cloud of dust, like a con trail rolling off a jet.


17

Cyril clung to his fathers ladder and watched him pick. His sister and he had stripped the tree down below and are waiting on their parents to finish. The break got Cyril to thinking about his stomach. It felt real empty. He thought about telling his father hes hungry, but he knows hell be put off. One more box, his father will say. And then one more and one more and then one more. His father wont stop unless all of them protest. Cyril decided to enlist his sisters help, she has to be hungry too. Hell get Abby to ask their mother about lunch. If Abby requests something of their mother and its possible, then it is likely to happen.
Cyril made his way over to his sister. Abby stood at the base of her mothers ladder, watching her work, just as Cyril had been doing on the opposite side of the tree. Cyril leaned up to whisper in his sisters ear. Abby cocked her head toward her brother and listened to the request.
No! You! came the response, loudly.
Cyril grimaced and flinched at his sisters rejection. Why did she have to say it so loud?, he thought.
Aint you hungry? he whispered back to her.
She is hungry. But her brother is always trying to get her to do the dirty work. Its time he did his fair share. He will have to be the one to make the request, plea or general statement about being hungry. She turned from her brother.
Cyril frowned at his sister, shook his head and went back to the base of his fathers ladder. Hell wait her out. He doesnt know whos hungrier now, but before its over, shell be the hungriest. Hes sure of that.
A Bluebird flatbed pulled up with a load of empties. The driver got out and started unloading the truck by himself. Hell get no help from the pickers at this late hour. They are all picking.
Abbys mother handed her almost full sack of oranges down to her daughter and slowly got down from the ladder. Shed picked her side of the tree clean. Abby carried the sack off and dumped the contents into one of the boxes.
Ida came around the tree to her husbands ladder, tapped the side of it a couple of times and announced, Lets get something to eat! Were all hungry! Shes aware of the conversation that occurred at her a feet a few minutes before.
Cyril punched the air. Yes! He knew his sister would cave first, though hes surprised at how quickly she gave in to her hunger. The victory seemed a little too easy. He gave his sister a knowing smirk as she walked by. She gave him a puzzled look.
What you got for us to eat boy? his mother asked. Cyril, holding an empty burlap sack took off down the row of trees back toward the dirt road. Abby and her mother found a spot in the shade, sat down on the ground and waited for lunch to arrive. Cyril had stashed several oranges in several places. Ones that had missed their parents sacks, fell and split. He slowed a couple times, trying to remember where hed placed them. When he found them, he knelt, scooped them into his sack and ran back to where his family waited.
Zach got down off his ladder, emptied the contents of his picker sack into a box and began walking down the row of trees theyd been picking. He counted off the full boxes in silence as he walked. When he got to the first tree, he saw the row of empty crates strung out along the road. He grabbed two of the boxes and carried them back to where his family had settled in for lunch. On his return, he recounted his boxes.
Cyril dumped the contents of his lunch sack at his feet and sat down next to his mother. He pulled out his pocket knife and carefully opened it, took one of the oranges and stabbed it along its equator. Juice, sticky and sweet leaked from the wound. Slicing downward he rotated the orange until he cut it in two perfect halves. He repeated the operation on each half, giving him perfect quarters. Cyril handed one to his mother, who handed it to Abby. Her son handed her another.
Twenty-six, Zach said in a matter-of-fact manner as he took a seat next to his son. His wife looked at his face upon hearing the number to see if her husband is pleased or disappointed. She couldnt read his mood. Cyril handed him an orange slice.
They ate and Cyril cut until all of the split oranges were gone. They will eat until theyre satisfied, juice quenching their thirst and sugar quieting their hunger. Several more oranges were picked from the tree they sat near and Cyril performed his culinary skill on each of the oranges.
Their father was the first to rise. You and your sister grab some of those empties. Theys out by the road, he said, looking to Cyril. Cyril, cleaning and examining his pocket knife, shook his head to indicate he would. His father went for his ladder and set it up on the next tree in line.
Ida and Abby sat for a minute longer. Both had taken their shoes off and were enjoying the sensation of being shoeless after a morning of confinement. Ida especially enjoyed the freedom. The steps of the ladder shed been standing on all morning are nothing more than large wooden dowels. Having to balance herself on them for extended periods wore on her feet something terrible.
Both put their heavy work shoes back on and stood. Abby moved for her brother and her mother moved for her ladder.
In the distance, they could hear the arrival of another flatbed truck, its bed loaded with empty boxes.


18

Ill be in the car! yelled Charles, as he ran through the kitchen. The front door slammed shut. He was out the door before his mother could stop him for final departure instructions. His mother took a deep breath, sighed and continued her work.
Mrs. Krebs had three bottles of Coke in a green metal cooler at her feet. Being a fastidious planner, shed placed two extra ice trays in the freezer the night before. She twisted the trays and shook the ice into the cooler. She cut cheese into small squares and placed them in a Tupperware container, burped the lid and placed it in the cooler also. She stuck a sleeve of Ritz crackers into her purse, a large open shoulder bag she uses for outings such as this and placed half a bag of white bread next to it. She checked her purse and made sure she had her keys and wallet. She went through her mental checklist, verifying all was in order.
She went to the kitchen catch-all drawer, raked her hand over the contents, pulled a bottle opener from the debris, dropped it into her purse and set it and the bread bag on top of the cooler.
Sara! You ready? her mother hollered.
Sara, barefoot and wearing a sleeveless, pale yellow and white striped sundress, ran to her mothers side in the kitchen.
Im ready, Sara proclaimed, leaning against her mothers leg.
Well, lets see, her mother said, inspecting her daughter. She spun Sara around, lifted her dress and checked to make sure she was wearing underwear and they were in suitable condition for leaving the house. She deemed them acceptable.
I think shoes are the only thing youre missing. Go get your shoes and meet me at the couch.
Their mother bent over and dug through her purse, found her plastic change purse and squeezed it open to inspect the contents. After some poking around with her index finger, she dropped the change purse into the mother bag, satisfied she had the needed coins. She went to meet Sara at the couch.
Sara ran into the living room, handed her shoes to her mother and jumped up on the couch. Her mother grabbed her foot by the heel and shoved her tiny toes into the canvas slip-on. She deftly repeated the exercise and Sara jumped to her feet.
Will you get the front door for me? requested her mother. She went back to the kitchen and picked up the cooler with her purse and bread bag on top. Sara held the front door open and her mother leaned her back against the screen door to get it to open. Sara carefully shut the front door, headed for the car and her mother released the screen door, allowing it to slam shut.
A pair of beady eyes, peaking over the front passenger door of the big Chevrolet station wagon parked in the carport, watched the choreographed exit. The car is the latest in big. With a monstrous wheelbase, it has the newly preferred horizontal fins over the now outdated vertical ones, a V-8 engine, bench seats and pointy, futuristic jet-like chevrons over each front fender. It is neat and Charles likes to sit in it even if he isnt going anywhere.
Sara waited by the rear passenger door as her mother sat the cooler down at the wagons tailgate. Her mother came around and opened Saras door for her, held it open while her daughter climbed in and shut the door behind her, making sure all fingers and toes were clearly inside before doing so. She then went to the front passenger door and opened it, exposing her son. Charles sat on the front seat, knees not quite reaching its edge, causing his feet to hang at an awkward angle. He sat barefoot and in his standard issue play clothes of shorts and a horizontally stripped pullover shirt, with his binoculars hanging from his neck.
Youre not ready, his mother correctly stated.
Im ready, Charles said, sheepishly.
You need shoes and the binoculars stay here, his mother corrected him.
What?! I cant take my binoculars? he protested.
Nope. No binoculars. Ive enough to worry about and youre not the most coordinated creature, even without the binoculars. Go get your shoes and lose the binoculars.
Charles got out of the front seat and made a noise halfway between a squeak and a grunt to sound his displeasure, a noise he made often, to let his mother know, shed once again stepped on his heart. He stomped his way across the carport, tossed back the screen door and slung the front door open.
His mother placed the cooler in the rear of the wagon, grabbed her purse and the bread bag and shut the heavy tailgate. She opened the drivers door, threw both the purse and the bread bag on the front seat and got in.
Charles returned from the house, running and carrying his shoes.
Close the front door! came a call from inside the car.
Charles turned, ran back and slammed it shut. He ran to the open front passenger door, jumped in and tossed his shoes in the foot well. He leaned back out and pulled on the heavy door, closing it with a loud slam. 
Okay, lets review the rules. No running. Youre both to stick close by me. Keep your hands to yourself, no touching in the gift shop. And you both agree to listen and do as I say. Understood? their mother instructed.
Both heads shook silently to signal their acceptance of the terms.
Their mother dug into her bag, pulled out her change purse, squeezed it open and pulled out two nickels, handing them to Charles. She pulled out two more and reached her arm over the seat back. Here Sara, she said.
Thats your spending money. Within reason you can spend it how you like, she said. But thats it. When thats gone there is no more. Understood?
Again, both heads shook, pleased with the nickels.
Okay. Everybody ready? their mother asked.
Charles shook his head, yes and Sara, on her knees on the back seat, hollered, Yes!, followed by a lot of oohing sounds.
Their mother started the big station wagon and carefully backed it out of the carport.
Within minutes of leaving the house, their car pulled out onto the Orange Blossom Trail, the main north-south thoroughfare through town and headed south. The road is a big concrete four-laner with a grassed, dividing median and a wide right-of-way.
Charles rolled his window down, got up on his knees, stuck his head out a little and listened to the sound of the wind and the tires rolling over the construction joints of the highway. He liked the quick click-click sound as the front and rear axles pass over each joint. He watched the passing flat landscape of pine trees and palmettos, with a few beef cattle scattered in every once in awhile, as if placed there for no other reason than to satisfy the esthetic needs of passing motorists.
Sara lay on the back seat with her knees in the air examining her two nickels.
Soon, Charles grew restless and decided he required another point of view. He climbed up on the back of the front seat.
What are doing? his mother demanded. Sit down right now!
But her words were too late. Charles breached the seatback, almost kicking his mother in the head, rolled onto the back seat and barely missed Sara, who now decided, it would be best to sit up.
Im getting in the back, he said matter-of-factly, already up on the next seatback. He cleared it and landed in the back of the big wagon, crawled over to the rear window, got up on his knees next to the metal cooler and peered out the back.
He watched as the world pulled away from him, a peculiar perspective he can only get from the back of the wagon. He stared at the happenings going on outside. The white stripes on the road seemed to be shooting out the back of the car. Fence posts and trees pulled away with amazing speed. If he stared long enough, he couldnt tell if the world was moving away from him, or if he was moving away from it. He thought it a weird feeling.


19

See Owen Godwins Gatorland! Only 3 miles! their mother read the sign to her passengers as they passed. Theyve passed the sign many times before. Both Sara and Charles know their arrival is imminent. Sara stretched to look out the window and started making oohing sounds again. Charles decided he needed to get back in his original seat and made his way in that direction.
Gatorland has placed similar signs spreading out in all directions, but mostly north to just beyond the Georgia border, along every major highway, to entice visitors. And every sign has the correct mileage to their entrance, aiding the lured tourists.
Just as Charles arrived in the front seat, he caught site of the giant Gatorland sign in the shape of an alligator, denoting the entrance. Its still tiny on the horizon, but he decided to set up on his knees to keep his excellent view.
Their mother pulled the station wagon into the big parking lot. Both her children now sat up on their knees, anticipating their release. Shes relieved to see mostly empty spaces, the lot appearing to be only about a quarter full. Good, she thought, its not crowded. Should be a relaxing afternoon. She found what she considered to be a good spot, not too far from the main entrance and pulled the car into the angled space, making sure there were empty spaces on either side. She placed the car in park and shut it down.
Okay. Everybody remember the rules, right? their mother reminded them. And were going to follow them too, right?
Both eagerly shook their heads, yes.
Charles. Put your shoes on.
He complied without protesting, feeling only the slightest tinge of guilt as he realized he was the one responsible for delaying their exit from the car. Sara peered over the seatback, willing her brother to hurry.
Okay. Everybody out, their mother ordered.
Charles and Sara pushed their doors open, leapt out and leaned hard to shut them. Their mother pulled the keys from the ignition, gathered up her purse and the plastic bag of bread, got out and went around to meet her children on their side of the car. With her purse straps over her shoulder and holding the bread bag in her hand, she reached out with the other, Your hand, she said to Sara.
Sara dutifully placed her hand in her mothers and they headed for the entrance. Charles started to run ahead. Charles! No running! his mother scolded. You stay with us. Charles slowed to a fast walk. He had to get to the entrance.
You have your money? her mother asked Sara. Sara extended her hand and showed her mother the two nickels. You want me to hold those for you? Sara moved her hand toward her mother to give her the coins, indicating she did want her mother to keep them. Her mother stopped, dropped the bread bag onto the asphalt and took her purse from her shoulder.
For Charles, the entrance is one of the best parts of the place. Its a menacing giant gator head standing a good fifteen feet high from the tip of its nose to the concrete below. Its mouth stands wide open, beckoning visitors to step in. Gleaming white teeth hang like large stalactites overhead and rise from the ground at its lower jaw, its front incisors standing as tall as Charles. The head is a strange shade of green, not the color of a real alligator, but it works. Charles and the tourists love it. The head is attached to a rectangular, single-story, concrete block building painted the same color as the gator head. The building stretches out on both sides, occupied mostly by a large gift shop.
Charles had to get to the entrance. He couldnt wait any longer. He bolted for the large white teeth and grabbed the first incisor he came to. He leaned up against the cone shaped object. Now, he felt like hed arrived and hes glad he did. He rolled around on the tooth and took it all in. He peered up into the gaping maw, examining the roof of its mouth, painted a pale pink. He marveled at the teeth hanging above and he wondered what it would like to be eaten by an alligator.
Saras mother took her daughters coins and after some digging in her shoulder bag, found her change purse and dropped them back inside. They resumed their trek toward the gator head.
Thanks for waiting, his mother stated sternly as she and Sara walked by her son, still clinging to the tooth. Charles lingered a few seconds longer and ran to catch up, all three devoured by the giant head as they walked through the throat and into the gift shop.
Gatorland is equal parts alligator farm and tourist attraction. They make money by selling hides to the makers of alligator belts, shoes and handbags and by selling tourists trinkets, including alligator belts, shoes and handbags in the gift shop. The gift shop has every conceivable memento any tourist could every desire. Ashtrays, key chains, hats, flyswatters, snow globes, backscratchers, placemats, seashells and a litany of other things. Many are alligator themed and most have Gatorlands official motto emblazoned on them, Visit Gatorland. You can also buy a real live alligator there.
Charles, Sara and their mother made their way through the shop. Its huge and spreads out on both their right and left side, divided down the middle by a wide corridor. Fans spin silently overhead, sending warm air onto the occupants below. A few tourists, spread thinly throughout the store, study souvenirs and trinkets and try to decide which would be the best memento or the best gift for a relative or friend back home.
The gift store cashier greeted them as they passed. The cashier, a gray haired man of average height and above average girth,  stood behind a long, low counter. At one end of the counter sit three rows of paper bags, neatly arranged, each containing six slices of stale white bread. Next to the bags a sign reads, Feed the Alligators Only 25 cents. The cashier stood at the opposite end of the counter, near the cash register.
Welcome to Gatorland, the cashier said, smiling and Enjoy your visit, as they passed by. He wore a light blue t-shirt and khaki pants with wide, bright green suspenders holding them up. The suspenders appear to have alligators imprinted on them, possibly an item from the store. Hes the same man they always see behind the counter when they visit. Charles mother nodded as they passed, Sara gave a wave from behind her mothers leg and Charles was too busy examining gift shop trinkets, trying to keep up and being mindful to keep his hands to himself to acknowledge the cashier. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw an alligator made out of glued together seashells and made a mental note to check it on his way out.
Mommy, I want to see the baby alligators, the trailing member of their party, Charles pleaded.
His mother thought for second and then said, Okay, you know where theyre at. Lead the way. She knows what will be asked of her when they get there. The same thing shes always asked when they see baby alligators.
Charles ducked around his mother and sister and led them to the back of the gift shop.
In the back corner, a low concrete block wall partitioned off a small area where the store displays their baby alligators. The wall, barely two feet high and L-shaped, creates a small rectangular tub-like area for the baby gators. The floor has a smooth trowel finish that slopes toward a central drain. A garden sprayer, hanging from the wall and attached to a hose, sprays a fine mist over a portion of the rectangle, causing a small trail of water to make its way for the drain. Both low wall faces fronting the gift shop are painted the same shade of green as the giant head and have Baby Alligators painted in bright yellow script across each.
Several signs hang from the walls above. One reads, Please do not Handle. Another reads, Please ask for Assistance. The most important reads, Baby Alligators, $5.00 each, 2 for $9.00.
Charles reached the baby alligators first and leaned over the low wall. A dozen miniature alligators lay peacefully before his eyes, at least one destined for fame as a legend of the New York sewer system. They lay evenly spread out across the hard floor of their enclosure, all choosing not to invade the space of its brethren. Theyre all from the same litter, making them the same age and the same size, all around the twelve-inch mark.
Soon, Sara with her mother in tow, arrived. Sara took up next to her brother, needing to stand on her tip toes to see all of the occupants. All three gazed at the tiny gators sitting quietly in their pen, two of them thinking the diminutive reptiles to be very cute.
Charles suddenly grabbed for one the gators, reaching hard into the enclosure and balancing himself on his stomach atop the wall, teetering on the edge and about to go over. His swiping hand caused the nearest baby alligator to come to life. It came to full attention, raising itself up, opening its mouth as wide as it could, exposing rows of needle sharp teeth. It started making a bleating noise and sounded like a beating heart that had suddenly been exposed. The commotion set the one nearest to doing the same, which caused the next closest to go off. The chain of action and reaction, moved across the floor of the enclosure like a cluster of mousetraps being set off. The entire clan, now well aware predators lurked nearby.
What do you think youre doing? his mother asked loudly, grabbing him by the back of his shirt and pulling him from the ledge.
I want to pick one up. I was going to pick it up by the tail, Charles said timidly, thinking the only reason his mother stopped him was shes afraid hed be bitten.
No. Youre going to keep your hands to yourself. Remember? said his mother.
Mommy, can I get one? he pleaded, leaning up against his mother and looking up so she could see his face and its expression of both earnestness and deep sadness. A look he practiced often, but was nowhere near as irresistible or appealing as he thought it to be.
I want one too! Sara shouted, making sure her mother knows the correct number to be purchased would be two.
No, their mother said calmly, having anticipated the question. Were not bringing any alligators home. You can both be sure of that. Besides, you only have a dime to spend and those are five dollars. Sorry, youre out of luck.
Charles made his typical sound to let his mother know of his displeasure. Sara, though disappointed, made no sound. Shes satisfied shed fought her brother to a draw in their perpetual struggle to see who got what.
Lets go feed the real alligators! their mother cheered, looking to rally the troops and free herself of the half-loaf of bread she carried. Sara cheered. Shes always the easiest to rally. Her mother took her by the hand and turned to head back through the gift shop. Come on Charles, she said.
Charles took a last long look at the noisy alligators and then followed. Though there will be no alligator today, he hoped hed at least set another brick for his doghouse and the dog that would come with it.
The small clan made their way back through the gift shop, their mother leading with Sara in tow. Charles brought up the rear, checking out souvenirs as they passed and managing, to once again, keep his hands to himself. When they reached the main corridor, they turned left and headed for the boardwalk.


20

The Gatorland boardwalk is a long pedestrian bridge and it bisects a large lagoon filled with alligators. Its wide and covered, protecting the alligator observers from the sun and rain with a slightly pitched metal roof that extends well past the width of the walkway. It has a high railing on each side, painted white, keeping people on the appropriate side. The square wood columns and the beams above to support the roof are painted the same shade of green to match everything else in the attraction. The wooden walkway is unpainted, with the boards set parallel to the flow of traffic.
In the middle of the boardwalk is a vendor station selling sodas, popcorn and more bread for the alligators. One of the policies of the park is to not only get their alligators fed, but to get someone to pay to feed their alligators. There are several exhibits along the walkway, including a chicken that plays the piano and signs that tell about the lagoon and its alligators and alligator habitat.
The lagoon extends out from the boardwalk several hundred feet on each side and is infested with alligators. Its rectangular in shape and mostly manmade, having been dug long ago with heavy equipment. The lagoon is filled with groundwater and runoff and replenished by pumps during the dry season. The water is dark and stained by tannins and alligator waste, making it rich with nutrients and bacteria and quite odiferous.
The boardwalk begins just outside the gift shop, extends across the lagoon and empties at a small zoo on the other side. The zoo has Bert, pimped as the worlds largest crocodile, though odds are its not true. Hes kept in a concrete display area similar to the baby alligators in the gift shop, though much larger. Hes isolated and like most reptiles, prefers it that way. Bert is indeed gargantuan. He never moves, being more of a statue than a living thing, though he is alive. He never eats the bread tossed his way by the tourists. Often, a slice of bread is spotted on his nose or back and has to be collected by a staff member using a long pole with a hook on the end. What he eats or how often is a mystery to all but his handlers, a really inappropriate job title for those who care for him.
In addition to Bert, the zoo has a snake exhibit, several macaws and two small exotic deer. It also has an exhibit of native Florida animals, consisting of a possum, a raccoon and an armadillo and there is a petting zoo with a half dozen very smelly and very pushy goats.
Also, there is an alligator wrestling exhibit at the zoo. Once in the morning and twice in the afternoon, a Seminole Indian and an alligator face off, both combatants chosen to impress the tourists with their exoticness. The match takes place in a large sand pit encircled by a low wall, the wall designed to keep the alligator in and supposedly, to let the Seminole Indian out. Tourists surround the wall to watch the grudge match, being prompted by the announcer not to sit on it, his words broadcast from a single loudspeaker mounted on a wood pole. Three times a day, 365 days a year, the Seminole and the gator go at it. Surprisingly, the alligator has never won, the match always ending with its mouth wrapped shut with a skinny belt, always a relief to management, as alligators are easier to replace than Seminole Indians.
As spectacular as the inactive Bert, the Seminole and the rest of the zoo inhabitants are, they are not the main attraction. The main attraction is the lagoon, its large population of usually active alligators and the feeding frenzy caused by stale, starchy white Wonderbread.
Sara and her mother stepped onto the boardwalk. Charles, now clear of the trinkets, ran to get ahead, deciding he wanted to lead. A light, warm breeze blew out of the northwest, bringing the scent of the lagoon up to the people on the covered bridge. Their mother staggered as the pungent aroma reached her nose. She brought her hand with the bread bag up to her face and squinted. Charles thought it smelled good. Sara said, Oops., as if she had just passed gas, neither of her companions getting her developing sense of humor.
Dozens of people milled up and down the long boardwalk. Most hung near the railings and all seemed acclimated to the smell. A family from Minnesota, their pasty white skin turned shocking pink after only three days in Florida, had purchased a 25-cent paper bag of bread. The father held his small daughter, clutching a slice, up to the railing. He raised her just high enough for her to reach out over it. Her mother leaned on the railing with a camera, focusing in on her daughter and waiting for just the right moment. Her two brothers, having already taken their turns, peered through the balusters below to view the action. When the small child extended her pink arm with the slice of white bread out over the railing, a frenzy went off down below.
A group of senior citizens, wearing clothing and hats suitable for protection from the sun, also had slices of bread. They were on the same side of the boardwalk, but further down. One of the women would giggle nervously like a young girl as she held her slice out over the railing, the other women screaming in mock horror when the bread reached the alligators.
Those who had used up their bread or didnt have any to start with, gathered around those who did and watched the action. There were a lot of cameras in the small crowd and a lot pictures being taken.
With the constant supply of sliced bread coming over the railing, alligators lined up like boats along a dock, on both sides of the boardwalk. Open white mouths exposed impressive sets of teeth. Alligators tried to play catch with the visitors. Big gators hissed at smaller gators, warning them to keep their distance, snapping at each other when the warning went unheeded and scarring the precious hides.
When a slice of bread is dropped, all the alligators in the vicinity lung for it. The one with the biggest tail, thrusting itself the highest, mouth wide open, trying to intercept the falling slice. Small gators step on the backs of big gators. Big gators submerge smaller ones. Hissing increases, water boils and tails slash.
Charles led his mother and Sara down the boardwalk, looking for a suitable open spot, well clear of the other people. When he found a place, he peered through the balusters to check the gators down below to see if theyre worthy of his offerings. Are they big enough and numerous enough to give a good show. He looked and saw a couple of 4-footers quietly milling about down below. He deemed them unacceptable.
He moved further down the boardwalk to the next clear spot and peered through the balusters. Not much going on, he thought. Nearby, a young couple had chummed up an impressive group of gators, including an aggressive ten-footer. Charles watched the young woman drop bread from the railing and the impressive performance down below. They seemed to be tossing bread at a pretty good pace, he thought. They should be out soon.
He waved for his mother and sister to come over. Hed found a good spot. As soon as the couple are out bread, hell entice the gators his way, including the big ten-footer.
Is this a good spot? his mother asked, looking over the railing to see what had attracted her son. Sara pinched her face against the balusters.
I think so, said Charles, pointing to the gators next door. See?
What a ya think? their mother asked, looking to Sara. Sara kept her face to the balusters and gave a deep shrug to indicate she didnt much trust her brothers judgment.
Charles watched the young couple just down the boardwalk. The young man handed the young woman a slice of bread and then crumpled the empty paper bag. Good, theyre out, thought Charles. The woman let the last slice fall and watched the final performance. Both remained, leaning on the railing and watching the alligators. The reptiles remained too, wanting and waiting down below.
Their mother set her purse and their bag of bread down, knelt to undo the tie on the bread bag and noticed her daughters heel was coming out of her shoe, the heel having folded under her foot. She reached for her daughter and positioned her so she could reinstall the shoe properly.
Charles watched the alligators below the young couple. The alligators started moving away. In the wrong direction! Charles looked up and saw a piece of white bread extended out from the railing, further down the boardwalk.
He leapt into action, jumped for the plastic bag holding their bread and struggled with the twist tie. Finally, the twist tie came free and he slung it across the boardwalk. He plunged his hand deep into the bag and grabbed a slice, sprang back to the railing, blindly reached up and threw the slice over. A smallish, three-foot gator drifted by, grabbed the bread as it floated on the surface, submerged and disappeared. Charles looked over and saw his prized alligators drifting further away.
Charles lunged again for the plastic bag, grabbed a slice and repeated his desperate dance. Again, a small gator drifted over and nonchalantly picked up the slice of floating bread and disappeared below the surface.
Their mother, struggling with Saras shoe, sensed the commotion going on behind her.
What are you doing? she protested. Youre going to use up all the bread! Why are you in such a hurry? She grabbed the open bag of bread, now two slices lighter, and set it between her knees, denying Charles his supply of bait.
Charles watched helplessly as the big gator and his aggressive side kicks waited on slices from a group further down the boardwalk. They snapped and hissed, jumping and churning for every piece. He sighed at the single, small alligator waiting below his feet.
His mother got Saras foot back into her shoe and rose from her crouched position. She picked up their bread bag and announced, I think its Saras turn now.
She handed Sara a single slice and watched carefully as her daughter moved for the rail. Sara stretched. Standing on her tiptoes, she managed to push the bread over the railing, having to use every bit of her fingers, including the tips. The bread bounced off the edge of the decking on its way down and fell so close to the boardwalk that it disappeared from their field of vision. A small alligator moved forward and disappeared under the walkway to retrieve the slice.
Charles watched the pathetic episode, especially the pathetic finale down below. He thought it so pathetic that he would turn away and he did, exposing his back to the balusters. He leaned up against the balusters, arms spread, clutching one with each hand, looking as if he had just been crucified. He placed one foot on top of the other, unintentionally completing his spontaneous living art piece, the crucified child.
He gazed down the boardwalk in the direction they had come and looked for something more interesting to watch. He saw mostly the same people, doing mostly the same things. He looked in the other direction. More of the same. Nothing really interested him.
He looked up into the green rafters. Small birds, mostly sparrows, fluttered about trying to eek out a living off stale bread and popcorn and were constantly on the move in search of a morsel. He never noticed those before, he thought. Must not have ever looked up.
He looked back down the boardwalk toward the gift shop. What he saw surprised him. A large wooden box on stilts stood no more than fifty feet away. Where did that come from? He never saw that before. And its on the same side of the walkway as he. How could he have missed something like that? It seemed really big too. No way he could have missed that. Someone must have just placed it there.
Charles looked to his mother. Convinced she was content fawning over his sister, he decided to sneak down the boardwalk to get a look at the box. He bolted for the mysterious object.


21

It wasnt a box at all. It was a cage. Charles peered in, a chicken peered back, their faces no more than a few inches apart. The chicken, a snow white hen with reddish-orange legs and trimmings, cocked its head to get a better look at its visitor. It twitched its head to the other side to let the other eye get a glimpse. 
Charles stared intently, taking the bird in. Hes never known chicken to have feet, only legs. He considered the chunky body with the skinny legs and feet sticking out underneath and wondered if chickens are really birds. He thought it to be very un-aerodynamic, not like the other birds hes familiar with.
The chicken raised up and beat its wings violently, as if it were able to read its visitors mind. Feathers and air rushed towards Charles. The commotion caused him to duck slightly, a few of the birds discarded feathers sticking to his shirt and hair. The chicken settled back down.
Charles examined the birds house. The roof and three of the sides are made of coarse galvanized wire screen, the openings in the screen forming half-inch squares. The floor, made of plywood, seemed to have been painted at one time. But most of the paint has been scratched or pecked off over the years. The end of the cage hed first seen and the end closest to where his mother stood, was entirely enclosed with plywood. It actually did form a box. All the plywood surfaces are painted the standard Gatorland green, with white lettering advertising the wonders of its occupant and limited instructions on how to get a show started, most of which Charles couldnt read. At the opposite end of the cage is a door with a hook style latch, held in place by gravity, keeping it securely closed. A sign, attached to the top of the cage, ID the performer below and designated it a Must Hear. The chicken, despite the promotion, didnt seem to be drawing much attention from anyone other than Charles.
A toy piano sat tucked away at the boxed in end of the cage. It sat recessed into the box, separated from the chicken by a hatch made of a wood frame and the same wire screening as the rest of the cage, preventing the performer from playing the instrument whenever it wanted and giving away free shows.
His mother looked around for her son and saw him standing in front of the chicken coop. Thats as far as you go! she yelled towards her son. Charles gave her a wave indicating he heard and agreed with the instruction. His mother turned back to Sara and tore a piece of bread in two. Working together, they had chummed up a half-dozen smallish gators and they started to reduce the size of the pieces of bread going over the side to extend their supply.
You must be quite the music aficionado, said an unfamiliar voice from behind Charles. Either that or you really love chicken.
Charles isnt used to being talked to by unfamiliar voices and he flinched at the sound. He turned and caught a gray haired man standing nearby, watching him. He looked familiar, at least his clothes did. Charles thought hed seen him with the group of senior citizens and the laughing, screaming women. Theyd been drawing plenty of attention to themselves.
All these alligators and youre watching a chicken? the man asked, incredulously.
Charles didnt know what the man was getting at or if he was supposed to respond. Nor did he have any desire to explain what its like to have a younger sister and a mother willing to settle for docile four-foot alligators, too willing themselves to share bread tossed their way.
You know what that thing does? asked the man, moving closer to Charles.
Charles timidly shook his head, no. He never considered the chicken or the cage its in could do anything. He thought it was just a chicken exhibit.
Well.., the man said. He looked to the sign overhead and read it to Charles,

You Simply Must Hear
A Tune for Your Ear
It Comes From a Stout Little Fellow.
Composed and Performed
By a Chicken be Warned
Who Goes by the Name of Beethoven.
Hell Play his Piano
For All Those Who Know
A Great Little Bird Named Beethoven.
So Come Here and Come Near
And Lend Him Your Ear.
He Has a Grand Name
Its Beethoven!

The words surprised Charles. He had no idea! And he enjoyed the reading too.
How does he do that? Charles asked the senior citizen.
Well, lets see. Apparently, you give him a nickel and he plays you a catchy little ditty on his piano, said the gray haired man, leaning over to examine the plywood end of the box. You put a nickel in here, he said, pointing to a metal slot mounted on the face of the boxed end. And then you turn this big knob. And, if everything goes as planned, you have yourself a chicken jukebox.
Hey! Hank! The girls want to go check out the gift shop! Come on, we gotta go! yelled a masculine voice from down the boardwalk.
Girls? Really? said the gray haired man, loud enough so only Charles could hear, thinking the noun a bit of an exaggeration. He watched as his party moved down the boardwalk, back toward the gift shop. Girls and good times my little friend. Girls and good times, said the man as he watched his party move away. He finally turned toward Charles and added, When monkeys fly and Ill just leave it at that.
Well, seems I must be on my way, otherwise Id stay for a show, said the gray haired man. See ya! he added. He gave a wave to Charles as he walked away to catch up with the girls and the rest of his entourage.
Charles gave a halfhearted wave back and turned to Beethoven. Hes not sure if what the man said is true. He sensed he agreed with the man with regards to girls and flying monkeys. But a chicken that could play a piano? Thats gotta be worth a nickel. If its true, its just gotta be worth a nickel.
Beethoven scratched and pecked at the bottom of her cage, coming up empty with each peck. Its been a slow day and chicken feed is hard to come by. She peered at the piano behind the screen hatch, knowing well that if she pecked the keys, shed be fed. But theres no way to reach it. Tantalizingly close, yet so far away.
Charles reached into his pocket and pulled out both his nickels. He took one and put the other back. Within reason, he can spend it how he pleases. This is more than reasonable. He reached up and carefully slid the nickel into the metal slot. With both hands, he turned the large metal knob on the face of the box, in the direction an arrow placed over it indicated would be best. Each turn of the knob slowly raised the screen door separating Beethoven from her piano. The chicken stopped pecking and focused her attention on the hatch as it slowly rose. She turned and moved for the door, now half way up.
Charles, continuing to turn the knob, heard a plink sound come from the cage. He stopped turning and moved to where he could see Beethoven and the piano. The door was mostly open, suspended from the roof by a string that ran to a circular eyelet, turned 90 degrees and disappeared into the wooden portion of the cage.
Plink, Plink.
Plink, plink, plink.
The tune started to flow. Beethoven started tentatively, but now pecked with great abandon and great force on the toy piano. Her pace quickened, trying several of the keys, not knowing which will give the reward.
Plink, plink, plink, plink.
The psychotic tune enveloped Charles. Hes not a connoisseur of  music and knows few tunes, even fewer that he can sing from start to finish. Mary Had a Little Lamb, Itsy Bitsy Spider, Jingle Bells, Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer. Oh, and Happy Birthday of course.
Charles concentrated on the notes. Its a tune hes never heard before. Hes mesmerized. The tinny notes kept coming.
Plink, plink, plink.
It seemed as though Beethoven had stopped thinking about food and started caring about performing. As if she had suddenly become aware. Aware her singular audience held an interest in her skills as a piano player and performer.
Beethoven doubled her efforts.
Plink, plink, plink, plink.
A noise started to come from the box. Beethoven lifted her head, causing the tinny notes to cease and listened for the sound. Soon, seeds poured from a hole in the wooden panel next to the piano, spilling onto the floor of the her cage. Cracked corn and other seeds bounced across the plywood floor, a few bounced hard enough to hit Charles in the face. Beethoven, remembering her hunger, turned from the piano. She pecked as furiously at the floor as she had the keys during the best part of her performance.
Charles watched Beethoven snack on the seeds. The door over the piano suddenly dropped. Something inside the box had released the string, allowing gravity to pull the door closed, once again, separating Beethoven from the piano. She raised her head and caught a glimpse of the piano behind its screen wall and then continued feeding, scratching at the floor of her cage as she did.
Charles wanted more. It not the music, necessarily. The whole thing fascinated him. Beethoven, the cage, the mechanics, the emotion, the action and the music. All of it. Its the whole thing.
He reached into his pocket and pulled his last nickel. He quickly slid it into the slot and turned hard on the large knob with both hands. Once again, the hatch separating his performer from her instrument rose.
Beethoven raised her head and looked over her shoulder. Much to her surprise, the doors up again. She returned to scratching and pecking at her cage floor. Charles waited patiently a few inches away.
Beethoven stopped eating, turned and moved for the piano, pecked middle C a single time and returned to her chicken feed. Charles hopes rose and fell at the sound of the single plink, but he waited patiently for Beethoven to finish eating.
Soon, a sound came from inside the box again, just as it had before. Beethoven raised her head and listened. Seeds fell from the hole in the wall and spilled across the floor, replenishing her half eaten lunch. Beethoven cocked her head as if not believing her good fortune. A moment later, the door fell again to separate Beethoven and the piano.
Charles jaw dropped at the unfortunate turn of events.
What?! he yelled. You didnt even play! He didnt consider the single note the chicken pecked a performance. That was his last nickel and he got nothing for it. He grew angry. Not at Beethoven. He grew angry at the mechanical contraption she called home. It kept Beethoven separated from the piano. He knew Beethoven would play if only the mysterious machine would let him. He had to get a nickel. He had to get his nickel back.
He looked toward his mother and remembered her words, When thats gone, there is no more. He didnt think shed give him another nickel. Shes pretty good about keeping her word, especially when it came to money. He considered Sara, but he knew there was no way she would give him one of her nickels. He thought of the man at the cash register in the gift shop. They owed him a nickel and hell get it from the man at the cash register.
Charles dashed down the boardwalk toward the gift shop. He dodged people moving in the opposite direction and ran too close to people moving in the same direction. He leapt through the opening where double doors should have been, but were propped open to allow people and air free passage into the giant gift shop. He ran down the wide center aisle, his eyes quickly adjusting to the sudden reduction of light. He ran for the counter and the cashier.
The gray haired cashier, munching on a chocolate bar, glanced down at Charles. What can I do ya out of there young man? he asked.
Charles bravery in his quest to recover his nickel disappeared at the sound of the words. He suddenly realized this was a bad idea and wished he wasnt standing where he was standing. Hes not used to talking to strangers. He doesnt like doing it even when his mother or father are around. Now, hes alone and it felt like his mother is a thousand miles away.
The cashier looked down at Charles.
Charles looked up into the eyes of the cashier. Hes seen me, thought Charles. I cant disappear now. I have to go through with it. I have to say something.
Can I help you son? asked the cashier, more formally this time, thinking maybe he hadnt been heard the first.
Charles hesitated. He reached for the edge of the counter and clutched it with both sweaty hands, his chin barely clearing its low top. I gave Beethoven a nickel and he didnt play, he said quietly.
Beethoven? You mean the chicken Beethoven? asked the cashier, leaving himself open to the obvious smart aleck question as to the number of Beethovens on the premises. Charles, being only five, scared and his sarcastic gland being completely undeveloped, timidly shook his head. 
Did you put a nickel in the slot? asked the cashier, carefully wrapping the remains of his softening chocolate bar with the remnants of its wrapper, before setting it down next to the cash register.
Charles shook his head again, yes.
You turn the knob all the way? asked the cashier, wiping his sticky fingers on the back of his pants.
Again, Charles shook his head, yes. This time with slightly more confidence.
Did the door raise? The door next to the piano? asked the cashier, glancing over his shoulder toward Charles as he moved for the cash register.
Charles shook his head yes, confident the interrogation was going well.
The gray haired cashier hit a button on the cash register, causing the drawer to open. He dragged a nickel from the change drawer and pushed it shut with his ample waist. He turned back for Charles, leaned on the counter with both elbows, crossed his arms and gazed down at the small boy.
Well, Im an expert on that machine, he said in a no-brag-just-fact manner. Sounds like you did it right.
The cashier is no expert, but he is familiar with the inner workings of Beethovens cage. Hes responsible for refilling it with chicken feed, emptying the change box, keeping Beethovens water bowl replenished and cleaning the cage on a daily basis. He also fixes it on occasion, sometimes being able to do so and sometimes having to find someone more mechanically inclined when the fix warrants.
Hmm, said the cashier, rubbing his chin, looking out across the gift shop and thinking hard. Seems it shoulda worked, he added. The cashier contemplated on the possible reasons for the contraptions failure. When the answer came to him, he looked back to Charles. Sounds like Ive got a chicken with an attitude, said the cashier, his tone growing ominous.
Sounds like I got a dadburn chicken, livin in a cage, on a boardwalk, over an alligator infested lagoon, with an attitude, said the cashier with disdain. Sounds like I got a chicken that showed up for work today with an attitude. Thats gotta be one stubborn durn chicken if ya ask me.
Know what you do with a chicken with an attitude? he asked rhetorically to the small boy. Charles looked at him and didnt respond. You, the cashier hesitated. You adjust its little attitude, thats what you do. You adjust it and thats exactly what Im gonna do. I may even have to spank its little bottom. Yep, spankin its little bottom may just do the trick. I thank you for bringing our unscrupulous chickens behavior to my attention. With a scary smile, he held out the nickel, stuck between his index and middle fingers, for Charles.
Charles looked at the nickel. He didnt want it. He wished hed never brought it up. He wanted to tell the cashier its not Beethovens fault. Its the machines fault. Theres nothing wrong with Beethovens attitude. And he certainly didnt deserve a spanking. He wanted to run away and do so without the stupid nickel.
Here. Take it, said the cashier, holding the nickel out further, bringing it closer to Charles face. Its yours.
Charles held out his hand and the cashier dropped the nickel to his palm. The cashier turned back to the register, picked up the remains of his candy bar, peeled back the loose wrapper and took an unhealthy bite, being careful with the heat softened chocolate.
Charles clasped the nickel in his wet palm and ran for the exit.


22

Charles stood in front of Beethovens cage and watched his innocent performer gorge herself on the easy meal. Beethoven glanced at her admirer between pecks. Shes learned there to be a correlation between the boys face and food.
Charles worried about Beethoven. He didnt even know something bad is headed his way. Beethovens innocent, thought Charles. Hed been there before, though he was never as innocent. Trapped, with punishment headed for you like a locomotive on rails and there was nothing you could do to stop it. This is all his fault, he thought. Why did he have to go for the stupid nickel?
Charles moved forward and reached up to clasp the wire mesh of the cage, as he did, the stupid nickel fell from his hand. It bounced once on the wooden walkway and fell through a crack between the boards to the water below, disappearing forever into the black muck at the bottom of the lagoon.
He had to do something. He had to help Beethoven. He wanted to reach in and grab the bird and run for the car. He knew he wouldnt get far and his mother wouldnt let him bring Beethoven home. He never got to bring any living thing home. But he had to do something.
Charles caught site of the door at the end of Beethovens cage. Without hesitation, he moved for it. He reached for the hook holding the door closed. Standing on his tip toes and reaching as far as he could, he managed to push the hook out the eyelet holding it in place. The hook dropped and the door opened slightly. Charles reached up and flipped the door all the way open and stepped back. He watched to see what Beethoven would do, all the while, backing away from his handiwork.
Beethoven stopped pecking at the floor and peered at the rectangle. The wire mesh was gone. Shes never seen the world without wire mesh. As if she thought there may be something wrong with her eye, she twisted her head around to test her other eye. The wireless rectangle was still there.
She slowly moved for the opening. Without sticking her head out, she examined its edge. She stretched her neck, allowing her beak to slowly exit the cage. Soon, her head followed. Ignoring the old wives tale about not sticking your neck out, she extended hers as far as she could. Beethoven examined the world around her, now free of the horizontal and vertical lines she has always known. Her chunky body moved forward, as if being pulled by her elastic neck. She raised a foot and clasped the bottom of the opening with her toes.  Slowly, she raised herself and quickly moved her other foot for the edge of freedom.
Beethoven wobbled on the unstable wire edge and peered at the new world. She raised her wings and flapped furiously, setting loose feathers free. She let go of the sharp wire perch and floated to the boardwalk. When her feet touched down, she kept beating her wings, causing her body to rotate a full 360 degrees before settling down. She leaned forward to examine the wood beneath her feet, looking for her first meal as a free bird and pecked at a couple of false positives. She looked up into the rafters at the sparrows she had watched everyday, bouncing from rafter to rafter, each moving in the direction it thought best, to achieve whatever it was it was trying to achieve.
Charles watched Beethoven. He wanted to catch him. He suddenly felt this wasnt such a good idea. He wanted to catch him and put him back. He bent down and slowly moved forward. Beethoven moved too, maintaining a safe ten foot buffer between she and Charles.
Charles stopped, realizing he would draw attention to them both if he tried further. There was nothing he could do. Beethoven will not be caught. What he had done, can not be undone. Beethoven is a different bird than the one he first met. Shes free and shell stay that way for the rest of her life.
Charles ran for his mother. The last ten minutes had been the most stressful hed ever known and he ran for the safety of his mother. When he reached her, Charles leaned hard against her leg, drawing powerful comfort from her. His senses soaked up the feeling like a sponge. Her familiar feel and smell, her clothes and the sound of her voice. It was as if he had been away for a year and it all came rushing back to him the instant he touched her.
Well. Give up on the chicken? his mother asked, her voice flowing down to Charles, grasping hard to her pant leg. We saved you the last slice, she added. His mother reached into the bread bag and pulled out the slice to hand to Charles.
Charles ignored the bread. His attention is focused down the boardwalk. From where he stood, he couldnt see the open cage door or Beethoven, both hidden from his view by the cage itself.
You dont want this? asked his mother. You dont want to feed the alligators? She looked down at her son clinging to her leg.
Whats the matter Charles? Why are you acting so weird? Is there something wrong?
Charles shook his head, no. His mother could only see the top of his head and couldnt see the fearful expression on his face.
Well then, here. Take the bread, she said, dangling the slice in front of her sons face. Charles reached up and took the bread, leaned for the railing and pushed the slice over the top, maintaining his grip on his mothers pant leg. His mother watched, puzzled as to why her son was so uninterested in alligators.
From down the boardwalk came a voice, Look at the big bird mommy!
Charles cringed at the sound. Beethoven was starting to draw attention. What was he doing? He wanted to run back and see, but couldnt, fearful of returning to the scene of the crime. He knew well he could be caught as he didnt have the evasive skills of his partner in crime. He needed to blend in, to disappear. He moved to the other side of his mother, squeezing in between her and his sister.


23

Beethoven looked to the top of the railing. Confident she could make the needed altitude, she beat her wings hard, jumped a bit on takeoff and managed to gain the four feet needed to reach the rail. With her feet clasped firmly to the well worn wood, she looked out over the lagoon and the infinite horizon.
She looked down at the water and the numerous gray-green islands spread across the surface. Moving her feet sideways, she carefully made her way along the railing. A column, supporting the roof, stopped her progress and she reversed course, moving back to where she started. She examined the shoreline nearest her perch, a green strip of grass lying between the lagoon and a chain link fence.
Alligators caught site of the large white object moving up and down the railing. They moved in below the chicken, slowly following her movements. As the pack grew, big gators displaced small gators at the center of the hungry mob.
Beethoven focused on the green strip of land. The strip, no more than ten feet wide, surrounded the entire lagoon. On cold days, alligators sunned themselves there, being corralled by a six-foot high chain link fence. Being a fairly warm winter day and with bread flowing freely, the strip was free of gators.
She ignored her audience below, an audience now so numerous it smashed attendance figures for any of her piano recitals. She wanted to be on green land and shes determined to have it. She extended her wings and warmed them up. The alligators anticipated the show is about to get better.
In the boldest move any bird, or at least any chicken ever made, Beethoven leapt from the railing, beating her wings violently. It was a leap of faith like no other. The gyrating white object caused the gators down below to leap prematurely and caught the attention of every alligator on that side of the boardwalk.
Every gator now moved for Beethoven, even the ones being fed from above turned for the large, white, whole loaf of bread hanging in the air. People along the boardwalk, wondering where their alligators were going, looked up to see what was drawing them away. When they spotted the object of their gators lust, they began making comments about what they saw.
Would you look at that.
You better fly you crazy bird.
Chickens cant fly.
Fingers began to point. People on the other side of the boardwalk turned away from their alligators to see what the commotion was about. More voices rose from the now focused crowd.
Go you crazy chicken.
Dear God have mercy on that poor birds soul.
 I hope thats not Beethoven.
A woman made the sign of the cross. Another, covered her daughters eyes with her hand and held her close. A man calculated Beethovens apparent glide path and determined she was in grave danger.
Beethoven beat her wings furiously, leaving a trail of white feathers in her wake. She now focused entirely on the audience below, causing her to gyrate off course and increasing the distance she will need to fly. She realized she would not be able to rest on any of the gray-green islands.
Alligators leapt, the largest managing to cut the distance between it and the snow white object almost in half. Big gators now dominated the following fleet. Small gators fought for position. A monster twelve-footer held the center of the pack, pushing others aside with its great mass to keep itself directly under Beethoven.
Charles heard none of it and saw some of it. Nausea swept his body. His eyes dilated, allowing too much light to enter his pupils and sting his optic nerves. The white Beethoven disappeared from the image entering his eyes. His ears turned to stones. Adrenalin flowed to his blood, his heart raced and panic swept over him. Every muscle turned to Jell-O. He began to go into shock.
Beethoven was now half way to her destination. Unfortunately, shed also lost a good bit of altitude. She was well below the elevation of the railing along the boardwalk and didnt think she could gain enough of it back to make an emergency landing. Her wings seemed to be betraying her. Whatever her destiny, it lie straight ahead. She could not alter her course. She focused on her form and not her audience. She transformed herself into the most aerodynamic chicken there had ever been. Every flap would be perfect. Every vertical inch now more precious than the last.
Charles mother moved to stand between her two children and she held them tight. Deep down, she knows the desperate chicken and she knows who had set it free. Still, she couldnt bring herself to look toward the cage, because if she did, there would be no doubt, no chance for her son to be innocent. She stared straight ahead and hoped for the best. Sara stared straight ahead too, eyes like saucers, unsure what it was she was seeing.
The big twelve-foot gator raised itself up, placed its front feet on the backs of its neighbors to each side and violently thrust its tail deep into the water. With jaws spread wide, it rose from the black goo, focusing solely on the underside of the white object directly overhead. Its weight pushed both alligators it used as launching pads under the surface, a perfect example of the laws of physics. Smaller gators were tossed aside by the sudden wave generated by the big tail.
It rose steadily, winning its fight with undefeatable gravity. The crowd along the bridge stood silently as the spectacle unfolded. Some wondered when the great beast would reach its apex. Others thought it never would, it would simply keep going until it disappeared from sight.
The rising white maw and its yellowing teeth rose to meet the prey. Horror swept the deck of the boardwalk. The big gators torso was now completely clear of the water, exposing its pale underside to the audience. Its legs hung limply at its side, every bit of energy now directed to its tail and its fight with gravity.
Its head hung tantalizingly close to feathers when it felt its upward momentum begin to diminish and to finally cease altogether. It hung in the air and sprung its trap on the struggling chicken. A loud clap vibrated the air as its jaws slammed shut. The sound caused, Ohs  and Wows to be heard up and down the boardwalk.
Beethovens fight is against gravity, not alligators. The laws of physics would hold for all those involved and would show no favorites this day. Though the big gator came close, it missed. Fear or air rushing from the rapidly closing and very large jaws actually seemed to push her a few inches higher.
Cheers rose up as the big gator slowly rolled and started to accelerate back to earth and a small white bird still hung in the air. Someone yelled, Go! and the cheer rapidly spread up and down the walkway, growing louder as everyone chanted in unison. On that day, they were all in. When the big gator hit the water more, Ohs! and Wows! erupted.
The impact of the big gator falling on the pack below set the others in disarray and relieved some of the pressure on Beethoven. She struggled on, still losing altitude, but closing on the shoreline. When she crossed over the waters edge, another loud round of cheers erupted from the boardwalk. When she crashed headfirst into the chain link fence, a smattering of Oohs were heard.
Beethoven fell to the ground. Exhausted and dazed, she lay near the base of the fence. Not a single loose feather lay nearby. Her flight was complete. She gave it everything she had. She lay on earth, solid, grassed and green. She felt what she had never felt before. She achieved what she had set out to achieve.
Though shed made the shoreline, her fan club still followed and were still hungry. In a flash, a half-dozen alligators erupted from the water, including her arch nemesis, the big twelve-footer. The giant reptile was on her instantly, beating its competitors to the quick. Its powerful jaws closed and crushed. It threw its head back, raising itself above its smaller foes. It tossed the lifeless Beethoven into the air, opened its jaws and let gravity finish what it started.
Shrieks and screams exploded from all of the women and some of the men along the boardwalk. Children began crying, the eyes of adults started to water, the shocking ending jarring everyones emotions.
Parents grabbed their children and hurried for the exit. Soon, everyone was moving down the boardwalk, keeping well clear of the railing. Most stepped quickly, some double timed it and some just ran. All had their fill of alligators. Slices of bread, spilled popcorn and paper bags littered the walkway.
Between the crying children and weeping women voices were heard, speaking to no one or to everyone.
Damn.
Did not see that coming.
Now that.that was just unfortunate.
The gray haired cashier, one green suspender dangling from his waist and his pale blue tee shirt now pulled free of his pants, fought his way through the moving crowd, trying to make it out onto the boardwalk. The look on his face indicating what he had always feared had come to pass.
What is it? What happened? Will somebody tell me what happened!? he pleaded.
Charles and Sara felt their mother grab them hard by the wrist and pull them away from the railing, almost lifting both off their feet. She moved quickly with her head down, hoping no one was looking their way. A continuous thought kept repeating itself. Keep your head down Charles. Keep your head down Charles. Keep your head down Charles. The words kept rolling around in her head. 
When they passed Beethovens cage, she forced herself to look over. She saw the empty cage and the wide open door. She felt her heart leap to her throat and her eyes began to tear. Her son. Her son. Her son had done this. Her pace quickened. She gripped her childrens wrists tighter. Her strength seemed to grow by the second.
People poured through the open doors of the gift shop, filling the wide center aisle. None were interested in any of the trinkets it held, especially the baby alligators corralled in the back. They wanted only one thing. To get out.
The mouth of the giant gator head filled with people. They moved quickly through the jaws, being careful to avoid its hard, gleaming white teeth. They focused solely on finding their cars, flowing out of the head in all directions and into the parking lot. Soon the sound of slamming doors, starters, engines and squealing tires were heard.
 The cashier made his way out onto the now empty boardwalk. He ran down the long deck bouncing from side to side like an out of control bowling ball, desperately looking over the railing, scared as to what he might find or even worse, not find.
A mob of people made their way onto the boardwalk at the far end, led by a Seminole Indian and men in khaki shorts. All held the same fearful expression as the cashier. Tourists, who had been at the zoo, followed close behind, unsure as to what was happening, but with a strong feeling it would be best to leave.
The cashier bounced his way past Beethovens cage and didnt notice his chicken with an attitude was missing. When he saw his fellow employees at the far end of the boardwalk he started to yell, Help! Help! Help!, while waving one arm over his head. This caused the staff members to start running, thankfully, towards him and not away from him.
Charles, Sara and their mother finally reached the car. Their mother released her grip on Sara, opened the rear passenger door and threw Charles in. She then reached for Sara, grabbed her by both wrists and tossed her onto the back seat, slammed the door and ran for her place behind the wheel. She fumbled through her purse, desperately searching for the keys. She found them, but her hand shook badly and she barely managed to get the key in the ignition switch.
She breathed deeply and quickly. Too deeply and too quickly. She began to feel light headed and realized she was hyperventilating. She had to calm herself. She had to get control of her emotions. She knew if she didnt, she would turn a desperately bad situation into a desperately dangerous one.
Needing to reduce her oxygen intake, she looked for a paper bag to breath into. There wasnt one. Determined she would gain control, she placed both hands on the steering wheel and focused on her breathing. She inhaled only through her nose and concentrated on her breathing rate and the depth of each breath, reducing both until she began to feel her head clear. She held out her right hand. It still shook, but not like before. She concentrated on stopping the shaking all together.
The second and last wave of tourists exited the gift shop and the giant head and quickly moved for the remaining few cars in the lot. Gatorland was empty, except for the staff.
The staff, after completing multiple head counts, decided those who were supposed to be there were. They discovered Beethovens empty cage and after much discussion, were unable to conclude how a missing chicken could cause what they had witnessed. It was also decided they would not contact the authorities and all would watch the newspaper carefully for any missing person reports. Finally, it was decided they would fan out and search the park for any alligators on the loose.


24

Charles, Sara and their mother sat quietly in the eerily quiet car. Sara, who had never been tossed, headfirst or otherwise, into a car, was the first to stir. She sat up from the prone position she found herself in after her maiden toss. She watched her comatose brother and then looked to her mother, sitting with both hands on the steering wheel and her head down. The car is unnaturally quiet and unbearably hot as all the windows are still up. She stretched to look out. The parking lot was empty except for the cars belonging to the staff and one car which had a dead battery, the owner and its passengers having gone back inside the giant gator head to seek assistance.
Mommy? Are we leaving? Sara softly asked.
The words brought her mother back. She raised her head and caught site of the near empty lot. Yes. Were leaving, she answered.
Her mother hit the ignition switch and brought the big station wagon to life, her voice and the sound of the V-8, ending the strange silence. She rolled her window all the way down and put the car in drive. Were leaving right now! she proclaimed.
She pulled the car onto the Orange Blossom Trail and headed north, for home. The highway construction joints sounded their familiar beat as the tires passed and the car picked up speed. Her mind began clicking along to the sound of the highway.
Her son is a juvenile delinquent, she thought. No, probably is a juvenile delinquent. No, could be. Whats a juvenile delinquent? She didnt really know. Her mind kept up its furious pace.
She thought about the words. Juvenile. Young. As in, We stocked the pond with juvenile fish. Okay, hes young. Hes five and thats young by anybodys standards. So, hes a juvenile. Why is that bad? Its not. It cant be. Juvenile is not bad. But a juvenile could be bad. Is Charles a bad juvenile? But thats not the term, bad juvenile. The term is Juvenile Delinquent. Delinquent. Late, as in Dear Mrs. Krebs, we regret to inform you your account is delinquent. Late? Past due? Juvenile past due? How late can he be? Hes five! Hes barely five!
She sat up and positioned herself so she could see Charles in the rearview mirror. Her son sat upright, arms hanging at his side, his face completely void of expression. She looked back to the highway.
Hes not late is he? Mrs. Fishburn says he reads, writes and knows his numbers well enough for a five-year old. She also said he doesnt apply himself. She needed to see he apply himself. Hes potty trained. He rarely has bathroom accidents anymore. He doesnt seem late. No one ever said he was late. Maybe they just wouldnt say it to her face. Maybe they thought it though.
What would she tell her husband? Should she tell him? How was she going to explain this? This was her fault. She didnt watch him closely enough. Really? At an alligator infested tourist trap, she wasnt watching her son? That is not going to sound good. Any jury would convict her. Any jury.
She looked for her son again in the rearview mirror. When she found his face, her eyes filled. Soon, tears broke free and began crawling down her cheeks. She knew the price of chicken at the grocery store, 49 cents a pound. How much is this one going to cost?
She focused on the highway again and wept in silence.
Charles was the last to stir. The jostling car, the sound of the tires and what he thought was crying, returned him to consciousness. His head ached and he felt tired. So tired. Where is he? In the car. Why? Why is he in the car?
He remembered being pulled by the wrist and moving with a lot of people down a deck. Gatorland. He was at Gatorland. Then the image of Beethoven, suspended in the air over alligators, came to his head. When it did, his day came pouring back in. Beethoven, the piano, the nickel, bread, alligators. It all came rushing back.
There seemed to be a gap in his memory. Something happened. He remembered seeing Beethoven in the air. He remembered being pulled down the boardwalk, through the gift shop and out into the parking lot. Something happened. Something horrible happened in between. He wanted to remember, but fear kept rolling around in his head, blocking the memory from coming forth. He sensed he was in the middle of it. In the middle of something horrible, caused by him.
He wanted to crawl over the seat to the back of the wagon and look out the rear window. He wanted to watch the world pull away. He wanted to be separated from both place and time. He wanted to be alone. But he didnt have the strength. He never felt so tired. Tired like he had never been. Sleep. Sleep will take him away. Slowly, his eyes closed. His head rolled to one side and he drifted off. Away from this place, safe and alone at last.


25

The afternoon picking went smoothly and quietly. The day moved from pleasant, to warm, to hot. Several more flatbeds arrived, unloaded and left. Unbeknownst to the pickers, Will Reilly came and went a couple of times, relieved to find a supply of empty wooden boxes lining the dirt road where the pickers worked, insuring there would be no waiting around.
Every time Zach came down off the ladder, he would look down the row of trees they had picked and try to assess their progress. All of the crates sat on his side of the row and he could monitor the results of their work as the day progressed. He wouldnt do an exact count, other than the one he had done at lunch. Counting every time he came off the ladder would be a waste of time and just end up costing him money in the end. Though he did always estimate, keeping in mind the magic number sixty.
A flatbed truck arrived. This time its bed was empty. The driver parked the truck, poked at his sleeping passenger and got out. Hill got out of the passengers seat and did a long stretch before closing the door. He walked around the truck and both he and the driver headed off into the grove.
Other trucks arrived, petering in until a pretty impressive fleet lined the dirt road. Most of the drivers just stood around waiting. Two checked their supply of tie-down straps in a metal box mounted below the bed of their trucks. Soon, Will Reilly arrived in his International pickup, along with his signature dust storm.
Will slammed on the brakes and parked near the middle of the line of empty beds. He jumped out, left the drivers door open and hollered, Lets get em loaded up!
One of the more experienced drivers jumped into his truck and laid on the horn. A long blast called out over the grove to the pickers hidden within. The horn blower held the call for a good twenty seconds and gave a couple of short toots at the end, to let everyone know he meant business.
Hill and his driver walked down a row of trees, past a slew of full orange crates and a few empty ones too. They walked past a couple of pickers, still high on their ladders and heard the call of the horn behind them. They kept walking, ignoring each other and the pickers they passed.
They walked well past the last of the picked orange trees, when they came to an opening in the grove. The opening, an area that cut across the rows of trees, provided access to the grove and a place where tractors can turn around. Its almost a road, but was never improved in any way. Its simply a bare strip, breaking the rows of trees because a few seedlings were never planted there in a year long past.
Parked in the open strip are two tractors, each with a special flat-bed trailer attached to it. The trailers, only about 10 feet long, are equipped with bulbous tires for rolling through the soft sand of citrus groves. Unfortunately for Hill and his driver, the tractors are parked nowhere near where they entered the open strip. They had guessed wrong and had to walk a good bit further.
When they finally reached the tractors, each climbed up into a cupped seat, pulled on the choke and pressed the starter button. As luck would have it, both tractors started and noise and smoke spewed from their elevated exhaust pipes. Chokes were released and the smoke diminished. The tractors were put into gear and their throttles advanced. Both strained a bit to overcome their long held inertia. Slowly, they made their way back toward the pickers.
When the long horn blast ended, the pickers checked the box they were working to fill. All worked on until the box was full. Theres no such thing as a half-box of oranges. The box is either full or empty. There are no in-betweens.
They kept close watch over the boxes theyd filled. Losing one to another picker is a 35-cent error none of them can afford, unless of course the wayward box managed to find its way into their herd. Thievery is not a big concern. For a man to pickup and walk off with a full box of oranges, well, that would take one bad-ass son-of-a-bitch, a man no picker would ever want to run across. What worried the pickers was accidentally losing one of their boxes during the loading and counting at the end of the day, losing one to a fellow pickers load.
The pickers adjusted, with great effort, the location of some their boxes to insure they lay in a nearly straight line, all on the same side of the row of trees the picker had staked a claim to that morning. They pulled on a box here and there, managing to move it a few inches before the soft sand impeded their effort, the new location deemed superior to the old.
Hill made a broad sweeping turn and brought his tractor up a row of trees. The other tractor driver did the same and followed Hill up the row.
Though the pickers would prefer to shepherd their own boxes, theyll leave them and all will help load the flatbed trailers being pulled by the tractors. Each picker will have their boxes loaded separately, the procedure alleviating the pickers biggest concern and reducing conflicts between them. The tractors will pull their loaded trailers out onto the dirt road, where theyll be counted and loaded onto the flatbed trucks. A pay ticket will be issued and all will return to the grove for the next pickers boxes.
The Washingtons completed the filling of their last box. Zach headed off, back down their row of empty trees and full boxes, anxious to see how theyd done. He carefully counted them off in his head as he walked by each. When he reached the first tree, near the dirt road, he turned and repeated the count as he walked back to his family. This time, he walked and counted more slowly, carefully checking between and under trees, making sure he didnt miss a single one.
His count reached the number 53, twice.
The number is a disappointment and well short of 60. He thought they came a lot closer. He replayed the day in his head and tried to find the cause of the shortfall. Did they start late? Lollygag at lunch? Did the truck horn blow early? If there was ever a grove that could yield 60 boxes for them, this seemed to be the one, he thought. Its a well kept grove with healthy trees and plenty of fat oranges. And it seemed easy to pick.
Nearby, Hill pulled his tractor up to the end of a line of full orange boxes, turned to check the location of his trailer, pulled ahead a couple more feet, set the gearshift to neutral and throttled down. He blew the tractors horn, to call out to the pickers to come and help load, and the picker watching over his boxes rose to await the others. The second tractor pulled up behind Hills and waited its turn.
Zach walked past his wife and daughter. His wife watched him and waited to hear how the day had gone. Abby watched too, knowing what her mother waited to hear. Cyril stood nearby, tossing his knife into the soft sandy soil.
Zach walked past, deep in thought and never said a word. He cut between two trees and headed off in the direction of Hills horn. Abby and her mother looked to one another. Both knew their father and husband to be disappointed with the count. Ida called to her son and the three of them followed her husband through the trees.
When they reached Hills tractor, men were already starting to load. Men paired off on each end of a full box and waited for the slow moving flatbed to reach them. When a clear spot on the trailer was opposite their box, they heaved, lifted and set the box on the trailer. Hill watched the loading from his seat and adjusted the tractors speed, slowing when needed to insure a smooth and continuous operation. After the men loaded their box, they moved up the row to the first unoccupied box and repeated the procedure. Two men had climbed up onto the trailer and were trying to organize the boxes, to keep an area clear for the boxes coming onboard. Zach took up at the end of a box and waited his turn. When it came, he heaved and lifted.
Abby, Cyril and their mother watched the loading. Their mother tried to think of a way to help. She decided there wasnt much they could. Theyd just be getting in the way. She thought their time would be better spent watching over their own boxes and she and her children went to do just that.
Hills trailer quickly filled and handled most of the first pickers pick. He decided to let the second tractor handle the remaining boxes and called out to the pickers, Put tha rest a dem on the next one!
Hill throttled up a bit and headed out for the trucks, now nearby, as their work had moved them closer to the road. Most of the men followed Hills tractor. A few hung back to load the remaining boxes on the second trailer. The picker whose boxes they had been loading hesitated, unsure if he should stay, or follow the majority of his oranges leaving on the back of Hills tractor. He decided to follow Hill.
Will Reilly walked between rows of trees and checked them for stray oranges. His mind wandered back to the previous Saturday afternoon. His wife had insisted he go with her to see a car at the Cadillac dealership in Orlando. He didnt want to go, didnt want to look at cars, didnt think they needed a new car and he especially didnt want to pay for a new car. And he didnt want to waste an hour and half of his Saturday afternoon driving back and forth to a car dealership. His wife persisted, pecked and whined until he agreed to waste the remains of his Saturday afternoon.
He disliked the car at first sight. Its a putrid shade of pink, though the salesman who accosted them immediately upon their arrival, insisted on calling the color, Desert Rose. The car his wife has fallen for is a used, 56 Coupe Deville, convertible. In Wills mind, the only redeeming quality the car holds is it sits on the used car lot and not the new one. The damn thing even has nineteen fifty-six written in script across the passengers portion of the dashboard, just to let everyone know, that with each new model year, the car will be a year older.
He boiled as the salesman worked him for almost two hours and his wife agreed with everything the shyster said. She even enhanced and exaggerated every shyster comment. Something Will would not have believed possible.
After two hours of torture, a test drive with the top up and one with the top down, he finally found out the car cost $2295. Of course thats only $86.38 a month, with a twenty percent down payment.
His wife conveniently forgets who shes married to, a college dropout and a man who has never managed a citrus grove in his life.
Will walked back to his pickup, grabbed his clipboard and pulled a pad of preprinted pay tickets from the glove box, which he always keeps locked. He carefully placed the pad under the large metal clip and checked his pockets for a pen. Hell be the one to count the boxes as theyre loaded onto the trucks. He may not be the only one counting, but his count is the only one that matters and he knows how do it in a way thats economically beneficial to him and his wifes Cadillac taste.
Will set his clipboard on the bed of one of the trucks, cleaned his fighter pilot sunglasses and waited for the first of the loads to arrive. It was getting to be late afternoon and his sunglasses were producing diminishing returns, but hell wear them to the bitter end, right up until the fading light finally blinds him.


26

Hill carefully drove his tractor up the embankment of the dirt road and watched the load of oranges stacked on the trailer for signs of instability. He managed to get both up onto the road without incident. Men followed, led by the picker whose oranges Hill carried.
Hill pulled up parallel to one of the flatbed trucks and made sure his trailer was even with the trucks bed. He set the tractor to neutral and his throttle to idle. Men scurried up onto the truck and trailer and the full boxes began moving from one to the other. Soon, the second tractor pulled up with the rest of the pickers pick and waited to unload. The truck bed filled with boxes, three high and three wide. The boxes were placed and stacked carefully to insure their stability. Hill moved on and the second tractor pulled up with a much lighter load.
When the last box came off the last trailer, Will wrote the number of boxes on the preprinted pay ticket and called for the pickers name. Wilson! the picker answered. Will filled in the pickers name, managing to spell it correctly and ripped the ticket from the pad. He held it up over his head until someone approached to take it, never taking his eyes off his clipboard. The picker reached up for the ticket and Will lowered his arm.
Will lifted the bottom of the pad of tickets from his clipboard to reveal a single piece of paper hidden beneath. He wrote the number two on the paper and waited for the next load to arrive.
Pickers loaded and Hill hauled. Will counted, called for names and recorded numbers on his hidden ledger. Sometimes two, sometimes one. The truck drivers tied down loads when their trucks were full, departed for the plant and the once impressive fleet became less so.
Hill drove his tractor between rows of trees. When he reached the clear opening again, he made a broad sweeping turn and brought his rig up a nearby row.
Abby, Cyril and their mother sat and ate orange slices as they waited. Their mother had removed her shoes again and was enjoying the fresh air cooling her tired dogs. When they saw Hills tractor approaching, they quickly finished their snack and Ida slid her feet back into their heavy and hard containers, tied the laces and stood. She gathered up her son and daughter and moved them back behind their line of full orange boxes to keep safely clear of Hills slowly moving tractor. Men approached from the other direction, to meet Hill at the end of the line of full boxes.
The three of them watched as the men loaded the fruits of their labor. Ida focused on her husband. The image pleased her. He seemed exceptional this day. Maybe it was the way the sunlight, now low in the sky, penetrated the trees of the grove. Her husband, in deep shade one moment and suddenly bathed in light the next. It was as if the heavens suddenly shined a spotlight on only him, to let everyone know, an exceptional man walked among them. Or maybe she just hadnt taken the time to look at him in awhile.
Zach and the band of pickers loaded. Hill watched from the seat of his tractor, allowing them to load his flatbed until he was sure he could take no more. The Washingtons had a long line of boxes and Hill wanted to try and get them all on a single trip. He couldnt. Thats it! he yelled and throttled up the tractor. Two pickers, perched atop the full orange crates on the trailer, jumped down. Most of the others followed Hill out of the grove. Zach and a few men stayed to load the remains. Abby, Cyril and their mother stayed too.
When the last box hit the bed of the second tractor, its driver throttled up. Men jumped off the trailer and Zach Washington looked down the row of trees to make sure they hadnt missed any. The trailer was well loaded, its entire bed covered and a second layer of boxes covering half the first. The driver drove carefully and spent more time watching the load than the path ahead. Zach, his family and the last of the pickers, followed the boxes out of the grove.
When they reached the truck being loaded, Hills trailer was nearly empty. The second tractor pulled up close behind Hill and waited. Zach and the men that followed the second load, waited too. Abby, Cyril and their mother walked past and made their way for the bus, still sitting where Hill left it that morning.
Hill pulled away from the truck bed and the second tractor pulled up. Men swarmed the beds of both. Boxes quickly moved from one to the other and the bed of the truck slowly disappeared as the bed of the tractors trailer reappeared.
Will Reilly watched and counted.
When the last box was lifted from the bed of the tractors trailer, Will Reilly called out, Name?
Washington! came the response.
Washington, Will wrote. Another name he had no trouble spelling. He signed his own name to the bottom of the ticket, ripped it from the pad, held it high in the air and hollered, Yo!
Zach stepped toward Will to take the ticket. He stood and waited.
Will, his face pointed at his clipboard and his eyes hiding behind sunglasses, could see the man standing close by in his peripheral vision. The man made no move for the ticket being held high over head. Reach for the ticket and Ill give it you, he thought.
The man never reached. Will looked from his clipboard to the paper overhead, managing to bypass the man looking directly at him. Will lowered the paper a bit to read the name. You Washington? he asked, never looking at the man.
Yep. Im Washington, came the response.
Will looked back to his clipboard, lowered his arm and held out the paper. Zach took it, turned and walked away.
Will lifted the pad of tickets from his clipboard and wrote the number six on his ledger.


27

Zach walked to what he considered to be a safe distance and looked at the ticket. The number written there seemed to jump from the paper, crawl up his nostril and sting the back of his brain. It felt like someone had taken a water hose, turned it on full blast and shoved it up his nose.  He winced from the pain, grabbed the back of his head and applied pressure to the sting.
Forty-seven.
A number as poisonous as a rattle snake bite.
Zach felt adrenalin and anger pour from where the stinging wound first appeared.  He turned for Will Reilly.
This is wrong!
This is wrong! Zach yelled, as he strode toward the man in sunglasses. He was now the one to hold the paper above his head.
Will never took his eyes from his clipboard as he waited for the next load.  He heard the yelling, he knew what it was about and he knew it best to ignore.
Zach stood close to Will, stuck the ticket between the clipboard and sunglasses and said loudly, This is wrong! He was not going to be ignored.
Several of the pickers, following the empty trailer back into the grove, stopped and turned for the commotion. Women and their children, sitting in and around the bus, stood and looked toward the confrontation. Abby, Cyril and their mother did too.
Will lowered his clipboard, slowly lifted his eyes and looked at Zach Washington. Both stared hard, jaws set and teeth clenched. Neither said a word.
This paper is wrong! We picked 53 boxes! Zach finally said, sternly.
Ida glanced at her children, forcefully told them to stay put and ran for her husbands voice. She knew she could trust Abby to keep her brother in place. Men began walking back toward the trucks to get a better look. The few remaining drivers gathered round the standoff.
Will took the paper, gave it a quick glance and said, Forty-seven. Thats the count and thats correct. He held out the ticket for a second time, determined to say nothing more on the subject. He was well aware of the gathering men. Hes been doing this job for a good long while and been taking his cut for almost as long. Nick em all and gouge one. He knew how to take a cut.
Hed been in plenty of tight spots and felt confident he handled himself well in all. You dont discuss it. You dont acknowledge it. You dont give an inch, not with the ticket or the ground under your feet. Both he and the number on the ticket will stand, come hell or high water.
Will Reilly, now committed to staring down Zach Washington, held out the ticket. Standing his ground and a truck to his back, he could see the growing crowd of men now in a semicircle around him and his foe. A cotton ball floating in a bowl of  India ink.
I bring my wife and children out here, pick all day and this is how you treat em?! Zach yelled, stoked by anger and adrenalin.
By the time Ida, running hard, reached the confrontation, at least a dozen men stood round, shielding her from her husband. She wanted one of them to stop this. To step forward and pull her husband back. Why didnt one of them stop this?
Will Reilly had heard enough. He reached out and stuck the ticket hard in Zachs shirt collar. When the ticket touched the skin of his neck, Zach grabbed Will hard by the wrist and pulled him closer.
Zach lowered his voice to a whisper, Any man treats my children like this
His wifes hand appeared on his chest before he could get the last of his words out. Ida, facing her husband, squeezed between the two men. She reached for the ticket clenched in Will Reillys hand, held fast by her husbands.
Zach relaxed his grip and finally let go of his prey. He stepped back slightly, unsure if ending this was the right thing to do. Ida, ticket now in hand, placed both of hers on her husbands chest and looked to his face. Zach looked down to his wife. Her expression, calm and determined, coerced him to take another step back.
Come with me, she said softly. She firmly took Zachs arm and tried to lead him away. Zach looked hard at Will Reilly before turning.
Get back to loading! Will yelled. This is finished. The loading aint!
The men stepped aside and let Ida and Zach through.
Ill leave those God damn boxes right where they lie! Get back to loading!
The men slowly broke their huddle and made their way back toward the tractor.
When the commotion started, the tractor driver throttled down, parked and climbed up to stand on the seat, to get a birds eye view. When he heard Will Reillys yells, he jumped down and resumed his slow crawl toward the grove.


28

Ida walked her husband towards the bus and their children. She looked at the ticket.
53! We picked 53! Counted twice! Zach said to his wife. No way in hell we picked 47! The bastard shorted us!
Ida looked to her husband and back to the ticket. She knew what Zach said was true. She also knew there was nothing they could do about it. The only thing they can do is survive this day and move on to the next. Whether its here or somewhere else. Just survive it. Ida grabbed her husband by the arm and turned him towards her.
Zach, listen ta me. What you say is true, said Ida, looking into her husbands eyes. We need you more than them boxes. You gotta remember that. You gotta remember that before all else. She placed both her hands on his chest again to make sure hed calmed himself.
I know, Zach finally said. I know. Sorry.
Dont never apologize for stickin up for us. Just remember who needs you most, said Ida.
 Ill remember, Zach said softly. Gotta get back. Zach turned for the grove.
Let them finish that. Theres only a couple loads left anyways. Wait here with us, pleaded Ida.
No. I gotta finish, Zach said and walked away.
Zach knew he could do nothing to make his pay ticket right. But commin out here and getting shorted everyday, that aint gonna work either. He thought back to the morning and what he said to himself when they rolled in. Easy pickens. Thats what he thought. Guess there is no easy pickens. Not for him anyway. But he wasnt going to give up this grove. Not without a fight.
When Zach reached the loading pickers, he took up next to the last unmanned orange crate and waited. A couple of men dropped their box on the trailer and started walking towards him. One of them took up at the opposite end of Zachs box. The picker watched him. The other pickers glanced his way too, trying not to be obvious about it. Zach watched the slowly approaching tractor and the men loading the trailer.
He shorted me too, the picker finally said. I know he shorted me a couple a boxes.
Zach looked to the man and said nothing.
The tractors trailer drew near and both men grabbed a handle and prepared to heave. When the trailer was even with their box, both men lifted in unison, neither having to say a word to accomplish the task. Both knew what the other thought. They dropped the box onto the bed and other men took it from there.
Hes been shortn us all, the picker said softly, as if the trees had ears. As they walked to a new box, he looked to Zach for a response. None came.
They walked up the row of waiting men and boxes and took up next to the first free one. The tractor slowly approached and Hill called out, Thats  it! and throttled up his tractor.
The men split in two, half waited for the next tractor and half followed the loaded one. Zach watched the men and decided to follow Hill.
The men walked behind the loaded trailer and Zach walked behind the men. Whose boxes are these? Zach quietly asked. A man near the front of the pack turned his head slightly to see who was doing the asking and raised his hand a bit. These mine, he said.
You count em? Zach asked him, now walking closer to the pack.
Oh yeah. Got 33, came the response.
You sure bout that? Zach asked, testing the pickers math. If he did what he was planning, he wanted to be sure he had the right man.
Im sure, the man said casually. Not sure what the crackers gonna say. But Im sure.
The rest of the men listened with interest to the short conversation, some wondered the point.
Hill slowly and carefully drove the tractor up the slight embankment of the dirt road as he watched the loaded trailer. The men following him spread out and made their way up the embankment too.
Will, two drivers and a pair trucks are all that remain from the original fleet and they waited on Hills approaching tractor and the loaders that followed. Hill pulled his tractor close to the flatbed of the last truck he came to and skillfully aligned his trailer so the two flatbeds were close to one another. The men climbed up on both and prepared to shift the loads.
Will Reilly scanned the work crew and quickly picked out Zach Washington. Zach wasnt up on either of the beds. He stood next to the tractors trailer and was well aware he caught Wills attention. He never looked to Will, deciding to treat him as if he were invisible.
When two pickers lifted the first box from the trailer, Zach called out in a loud voice, One! The sound, so loud it fractured the world they stood in, easily overpowered the background noise of Hills idling tractor.
The call caused everyone to stop and look toward Zach, including Will Reilly. The two pickers lifting the first box, held it in midair until the weight of it brought them back and they swung it for the truck and set it on its bed. When they released the box, they both looked toward Zach. Two men on the truck grabbed for the box and shifted it for the front of the bed and placed it neatly behind the cab. Everyone seemed to recover from Zachs opening count, except Will Reilly.
The sound and the uneasy attention it caused made Zach feel like he was standing in church, butt naked and with no reasonable explanation for his lack of clothing. The sensation startled him.
When the second box lifted from the trailer, Zach called, Two!, just as loudly as hed done with one. He had regained his composure and his determination.
This time, none of the men hesitated. They moved to the count.
With the third box came, Three!
And then, Four!
When box number six was lifted, one of the men doing the lifting called out with Zach, Six!
By the time they reached eight, most of the men had joined in.
Eight!
By the time they reached ten, the counters included all but one. The numbers quickly coalesced, unified and strong.
Ten!
Zach Washington counted and counted on the pickers support. If they never joined in, his courage would have waned and dissipated all together. Running off like air leaving a balloon, until theres nothing left but the latex skin.
From behind his fighter pilot sunglasses, Will Reilly stared hard. So, our little standoff isnt over with, he thought. He crossed his arms and held the clipboard to his chest. He wondered how far this guy was willing to take this. He thought about just firing him outright, but he has the pickers pretty worked up. Hed wait and see how this worked out, and hed figure out a way to get rid of this guy so he just left on his own, without any drama. Hes run trouble makin pickers off before. Its not that big a deal. If you lose the battle, just make sure you win the war.
Will didnt bother to count boxes.
Women and children watched the loading of the truck from near the bus. Some were on the bus peering out open windows, others stood outside and watched. Ida, Abby and Cyril watched from outside, standing in a tight cluster. Ida knows who started counting. The sound so loud, she about jumped out of her skin. Her fear grew with each number called out in solitude. Why did he not listen to her?, she thought. Why couldnt he let this go? Its not about him. Why couldnt he see that?
As others joined in the count, Idas fear began to subside and by the time the count reached the upper teens, a little of it turned to pride. She thanked God for not forsaking Zach and giving the men the courage to follow her husband.
The last box came off Hills trailer and the crew sounded, Twenty-three! Hill watched the crew for awhile, but he was more interested in watching Will Reilly. From his position up on the tractor, he could do so without being detected. Wills response surprised him. He was sure he would see smoke coming from his head eventually, but it never came.  He couldnt see his eyes, hidden behind those glasses and could see little of his face. The fact the man never reacted, surprised and disappointed Hill a little. The guy may be smarter than he looks, thought Hill.
Men jumped off the trailers flatbed and Hill throttled up, slowly pulling away. This time none of the men followed him, all choosing to wait for the next tractor and the rest of the pick. It pulled up, lightly loaded and the men swarmed its bed, determined to not forget where they left off. As soon as two men heaved the first box, the count continued, Twenty-four!
Ten boxes quickly moved from tractor to truck. When the last box lifted from the trailer, a loud Thirty-three! rang out.
Zach felt some relief with the number. The picker, whose load they worked, gave Zach a glance. He held a slight smile and with the final number, shook his head confidently. Both are curious as to what the crew boss will place on the ticket. Everyone knows the count. But the next move belonged to Will. The tractor pulled away and all the pickers but one, followed Hill back into the grove.
Will Reilly never missed a beat. He called for the pickers name, wrote number 33 next to the preprinted line, No. of boxes:, signed his name at the bottom and ripped the ticket from the pad. The picker confidently walked up and Will held out the ticket for him, choosing not to hold it over his head.
The picker looked for the number and ran to catch up to the others to show off his ticket. When he reached Zach, he showed it to him. Zach gave him a slight smile and a pat on the back. Several other pickers took a glimpse, pleased to know their bravery was rewarded. The pickers, riding high, found Hill waiting at the end of a row of boxes.
The last pick of the day went onto the trailers quickly. When the boxes moved to the last truck, the pickers again counted aloud. Zach stood next to the tractors flatbed, watched, counted and made sure the numbers flowed smoothly and sequentially. The pickers counted like theyd been doing it forever, the uncomfortable newness quickly wearing off.
Will Reilly became easy to ignore and surprisingly, he did as he was told. He wrote the correct number on the ticket and held it out for the last picker.
The rest of the pickers moved to gather ladders and stack them under a few of the trees they had stripped. Picker sacks were gathered, tossed in a pile and the pickers headed for their ride home. Hill and the other tractor driver hid their rides deep in the grove. Hill then made his way for the bus, the other driver for the last truck.
When Hill reached the bus, he found a gregarious group of riders. These were not the same moribund pickers he had delivered that morning. Most were already on the bus, a few gathered by the open front door. People chattered and children played. They joked, laughed, threw barbs and slapped backs. All the jovial banter centered on the afternoons events.
The chattering cluster by the bus front door greeted Hill like a friend not seen in a fortnight, parted to let him pass and one gave him a slap on the back. When he made his way up the steps of the bus and plopped down in the drivers seat, a loud cheer rang out.


29

Will Reilly tossed his clipboard onto the front seat of his pickup and climbed in. He slammed the door and paused to gather his thoughts. The sun was well below the horizon and sitting in the cab with his sunglasses on made it seem like midnight. He took the glasses off and tossed them on the dash above the gauge cluster. Will removed the pad of tickets from his clipboard, leaned over and placed the tickets in the glove box. He locked the box and sat back up. He picked up his clipboard, looked to his secret ledger and started counting.
18. Eighteen boxes.
Will looked out the drivers window and watched as the last truck driver finished with the last tie down strap. He watched the noisy picker bus, still parked. He thought about his next move. Should have been 25 boxes today. Easily, 25 boxes, he thought. He can hardly afford to take a hit like this everyday. Hell, if he didnt do something to put a stop to this, it could be no boxes.
Will Reilly cashes in by shorting pickers. He gives them all a light count, keeps a tally on a ledger and fills out a pay ticket for himself at the end of the day. On Saturday afternoon, when the pay window at the citrus plant opens to pay off the pickers, he finds someone willing to stand in line a bit and cash in his tickets. It only costs him a few bucks. Its easy money and easy to find someone willing to do it.
Will watched as the last truck driver struggled a bit making a three-point-turn and headed out. Now, it was just the noisy picker bus and him. With his right hand on the steering wheel and his left elbow on the doors armrest, he watched the picker bus and thought about his predicament. Pickin seasons barely four months long. Its not like he makes this kind of money year round. He needs to nip this in the bud. And quickly.
The picker bus lurched forward and stalled. A moment later, it moved again and made its way onto the dirt road. The driver struggled to make a three-point-turn with the long wheelbase and the distractions from his rowdy passengers . Will didnt count, but it seemed like a 12-point turn, at least. When the bus passed Wills parked truck, it seemed to quiet down a bit. Will looked down as if he were doing paperwork, not realizing he couldnt be seen in the darkened cab.
Will leaned over and picked up an accordion file from the passengers foot well. He set it on his lap and flipped back the cardboard top. He ruffled through some files, struggling to read the file names in the fading light. He pulled out a folder, set it on the bench seat and placed the accordion file back on the floorboard.
He picked up the folder and pulled the only piece of paper it held. Will reached up and flipped on the overhead light.

Lake Worthington Homeowners

Will read the title and scanned the list of names and addresses below.  The names are all in alphabetical order and street addresses followed each name. There are a lot of street numbers, but only four street names appeared on the list.
Will began to hatch his plan. With proper execution, this could be the solution to his picker problem. He placed the paper back in the folder, tossed it on the seat, turned off the overhead light and hit the ignition.
Will started to feel better. Another problem met, another problem solved. He builds the right trap, uses the right bait, pushes the right buttons and bingo! Problem solved. Will executed a perfect three-point-turn, accelerated hard and rocketed up the dirt road, leaving only his signature dust trail behind.


30

Providence Wheeler, sitting comfortably and to the untrained eye, passively, in her flea market easy chair, watched her front door. She grew more agitated with each passing minute.
Shes a small woman and a big believer in clean living. She never touches alcohol and her only vices are Black Jack gum and an occasional cigar.  Life has given her salt and pepper hair and a few thin, shallow wrinkles. Thanks to clean living, she still has most of her teeth and all of her health. Her overall appearance is of a woman who wears life well.
An oil lamp burned on a small table next to her chair. The flame dimly lit both her and the small room her chair occupies. Her house has a few electrical wires, encased in conduit, crawling up the walls and across the ceilings, but electricity is a utility she wont allow to flow through her home. Shes removed the light bulbs from the overhead fixtures and placed duct tape across both the overheads and the few pigtail outlets in her house. In an effort to keep the dark force at bay, she had her husband shut the power off at the breaker, mounted outside their home on the back wall. Shell often check the small disc, located within the glass housing of the meter, to make sure its perfectly still.
Providence has a deep understanding of the forces of nature and the behaviors of men. Electricity, invisible and dangerous, is a dark force of nature harnessed by ignorant men. Shes felt the sting of the amp. It sent a vibration through her finger and up her arm and shook like the devil himself had crawled up under her skin. Shes seen the destruction caused by a lightning bolt, seen a house burn from a short and heard about an electric chair the state keeps in a pleasant little village named Starke. When Providence Wheeler requires light, she gets it from a match, a wick and highly refined oil, just as God always intended.
Her front door rattled and opened. Providence came to attention. Her husband stepped through the darkened rectangle and into the dimly lit room.
Where you been? scolded Providence, sitting up and clasping a chair arm with each hand.
George Wheeler is the common law husband of Providence. The pair are rare, permanent residents of the picker village. He moved into the house first, as a picker long ago. George managed to get a job mending citrus crates in the off season, allowing him to stay in the shack year round. Providence moved in the following year. Each found the other to be tolerable and have stuck together ever since.
Sold a barrow a coal, responded George, quietly. He shut the door behind him. The door is warped, sagged a bit and requires pressure in the right places to get it completely shut. George knows all the right places.
If one were to ask George what he did, he would say hes retired, which is partly true. He did retire from the citrus crate repair shop and every month he receives a check from Social Security. But to supplement the check, he has his fingers in several financial endeavors.
He sells wheelbarrows full of coal to the pickers to fire their stoves. Each November he buys a dump truck full, has it dropped near his house and sells the coal off by the wheelbarrow full over the next four months. Whatever is leftover, he uses himself. He has an old Ford pickup with a flathead engine. With it and the skills he acquired repairing crates, he performs various maintenance tasks on the picker village shacks when the landlord decides to spend money on such frivolous things. He provides goods and services for the pickers, provided their pocketbooks are capable. George runs an intermittent taxi service, hauls groceries, moves second hand furniture and used mattresses and finds blankets. He will also obtain and deliver liquor, both legal and illegal flavors, and has on occasion, found marijuana for celebratory or medicinal reasons.
Due to Georges size, which measured in any direction is substantial, hes also the de facto peacekeeper in the small village. When George is standing nearby, one is well aware an object of some significance is bending your space-time continuum. The position pays nothing other than the respect he gains from the locals.  
George is also the head of marketing for services only his wife can provide. Another position which pays very poorly.
You gots to sell coal in the dark? asked Providence, annoyed.
Only if I wants to be paid, said George. Its best to drop it when theys someone home. He removed his hat, an unusual Australian bush hat with plenty of coal smudges covering the brim and hung it on a hook beside the front door. When people ask him about his hat, he tells them its aboriginal, which usually snuffs out further discussion on the topic. It used to have buttons on the sides which held up the brim, giving him a jaunty and foreign appearance, but the buttons popped free long ago.
George plopped down in his easy chair, next to the small table holding the glowing lamp. Ohhhhhhh. That feels good, he groaned, as his butt and back hit the cushions. Like his hat, the chair reflects his part-time business. Providence never sits in his chair and makes sure George never sits in hers. Four months a year, George carries coal dust like a tom cat carries fleas.
George leaned over and stuck his hand deep into his pant pocket and pulled out a set of nail clippers. Ill tell you what I needed. I coulda used bout a dozen bottles tonight, George said in a business like manner. He unfolded the small nail file from the clippers and proceeded to drive the pointed tip under his nails, digging at the dark soot. Im tellin ya, if we bought the stuff by the case we could make some good profit. Im not talking bout big bottles neither. The pint size would be the thing. Sell em out quick. You never know when a night like this might come round. George talked business, but concentrated on his nails.
Providence watched her husband with disgust as he dug at his fingernails. Shes sure she saw a clump of crud fall to his lap. You gotta do that in here? Do it on the front porch, she commanded. She hesitated and added, Please to her demand, making it sound well mannered and therefore more palatable.
And I dont much care for sellin liquor. Sure dont want it bein stored in this house. You keep liquor in this house they be knockin at the door all hours. You want that? Someone at the door at two in the mornin? Just for a bottle? she lectured.
George folded his clippers and set them on the small table. Hes brought up liquor selling  before and his wifes resistance and insistence has never waned.  He never told her he did it anyway. Never explained how buying by the case would reduce his cost and increase his profit. Hell just keep doing what hes doing. Hit the liquor store Saturday morning, buy a half-dozen pints of the cheap stuff, store it in his truck and sell out by seven that night.
Besides, he sure didnt need his wife knowing hes been going against her. Going against Providence may be hazardous to his overall well being.
Knockin at my door for my hep, thats one thing. But for liquor? No. No sir. Not from this house. Sellin liquor is bad Mo Jo, said his wife, continuing to roll the issue. Besides, whats so special bout tonight?
Well.., George hesitated and tried to organize all the tidbits he heard and weave them into a coherent story. Seems they had a big day pickin. Seems the company man be shortin em on the pay tickets. One of  em stood up and..,
George told the story, mostly as he heard it. He embellished some embellishments and added his own interpretations along the way to make the tale as interesting as he could. He told her of all the bravery and how each man stood his ground. He told her of the fight and every blow and the blood each one drew. He told of the whitest white man the pickers ever seen, how each picker did their own counts now and how their tickets were all changed to the good and then some. And he told her of a man named Zach, who led the uprising and the pickers to victory.


31

Providences backside crept toward the edge of her chair as her husband wove the epic tale. She listened in amazement. She frowned with concern when she heard of the man named Zach.
You know this man? she asked her husband. The one named Zach?
I know who he is, claimed George. Dont know him, know him.
You know where he is? Providence asked as she rose from her chair.
I know where he stays, said her husband. Him and his family.
Bring him to me, said Providence, as she lifted the oil lamp from the table. Bring him here. Now.
Bring him here? What for? asked George, worried his wife hadnt believed his story, at least, not in its entirety.
Cause we gots business to do with this man. Bring him. Just him. Not his family, his wife commanded. No reason to put them through this. He got children? How old are his children?
I.dont know, said George.
George sat up in his chair and pleaded, Thisthis aint none a our business. Why we gotta get involved?
This aint none a our business! Providence repeated, in disbelief. Standing over George, she told him, This is exactly our business.
And your business is to go and bring him here, instructed Providence. The fool is in trouble to his neck. And if hes in trouble those around him are in trouble. Includin his children. You go bring him here. No excuses! To reassure her husband his involvement would be limited, she added, Ill do the rest. With that, she headed off to the kitchen.
George slumped in his chair and let out a long sigh. His light had departed along with his wife. He sat in the darkened room, contemplating on his sudden misfortune. He has two choices. Stay and argue with his wife, which in the end will be futile, or try to convince a stranger it would be in his best interest to come and see his wife, right now, which may be futile. He contemplated the path of least resistance. With his wife he had no chance, with the stranger a slim chance. Such are the choices for the one pressed into service as Providence Wheelers head of marketing.
George rose from his once comfortable seat and without saying a word shuffled his way to the back room. There, he pulled open the top drawer of a bureau and pulled out a previously opened pouch of chewing tobacco. He stuck the pouch in his pant pocket and headed for the front door, grabbed his hat from the hook, jiggled the front door open and turned for his wife. Dont be countin on no miracles too soon! he called out and then stepped through the threshold.
Providence, already in her small, primitive kitchen and busy, stuck her head in the front room, You do your job and Ill do mine. Go! She watched as the front door closed, shook and finally, settled in its jamb. Please! she added, determined to keep her manners.
Dont be countin! returned the voice from the other side of their front door.
The events of the evening had moved the couple in opposite directions. George seemed to age. He grew tired and slow and moved through the house like he wore leg chains, his heavy work shoes barely clearing the floor as he walked. Providence shed her years like a lizards molting skin and moved like she was forty again.


32

Providence didnt start out with the name Providence, or the name Wheeler, for that matter. For her, a name is like a good pair of underwear. Its personal and close, but if it needs changin, well, then it aint all that personal and close. If it needs changin, then change it. On the first anniversary of her moving in with George, she announced shed be using his last name. Several weeks later, she announced her new first name. Providence. Beulah May Burfort was taken off, cleaned and put away. And hasnt been worn since. Providence Wheeler fits nicely and makes her feel all fresh underneath. 
Providence reads palms and tea leaves. She whips up compotes and balms. To draw out impurities, shell use a leach. She cures rashes, infertility and melancholy. She births babies and will predict its future, provided the mother can handle the truth. She has a recipe to prevent a woman from losing her man and she knows how to manipulate the most mystical of elements, luck.
Providence is a spiritualist, herbalist, healer and midwife. She also does the Hoodoo. Hoodoo is Providences sacred bond with God. Its her highest calling. Shes studied it, practiced it, experimented with it and prayed over it. Shes had early failures and spectacular successes. She understands its powers and its limitations. She knows where to apply it and who to apply it to. And she gives you a choice. Unstoppable force or immovable object.
According to Providence, Hoodoo is Christianity with a kick. Prayer with action. It is Moses, the old testament and the traditions of the dark continent. It provides sacred recipes for directing Gods power to the powerless. It is Father in Heaven and Mother Earth working in unison.
She will tell you Hoodoo takes sides. Always with the conquered over the conqueror, for the oppressed before the oppressor and for the victim to be righted.  She will only use it in benevolent ways. She can help someone to regain the lost, prevent misfortune, keep evil at bay and bring luck to those in need.
She doesnt believe in using Hoodoo to bring harm or darkness. She wont use it to cause illness or disease. For her, dark conjures are too dangerous. They may bring harm to an innocent or unleash forces she never intended. In all of Hoodoo time, she knows of only one man capable of safely handling the dark conjure.
She knows her talents will never turn a staff to a serpent or cause seas to separate from the seafloor. She knows to never touch the uncontrollable power of malevolence. Since before man counted time, powers such as those have been held by only one Hoodoo priest. Moses, the Hoodoo father, the only one who could safely call upon God to unleash the locusts of mother earth, turn waters of a river to blood or bring the angel of death to the children of his enemy.
Providence raised her lamp, slowly moved it across the glass doors of her cupboard and examined its contents. She has a sideboard cupboard squeezed into her small kitchen and dedicated to her pharmacy of cures and Hoodoo conjures. The upper half of the cupboard has two glass doors encasing several shelves. The lower half is simple open shelving.
The shelves behind the glass and down below are crammed full with soup and tomato cans, glass jelly and pickle jars, wax paper bags, mason jars, cigar boxes and tobacco tins. All have been voided of their original contents and replaced with a myriad of exotic roots and herbs, including John the Conqueror and Adam and Eve. Providence keeps cat hair, wishbones and chameleon tails. Her shelves contain Florida Water, a mildly sweet, citrus based cologne and rainwater, carefully collected to insure its purity. She keeps black ink, loose broom straws and turpentine. She has a collection of candles in various colors. And she keeps the mundane; vanilla, salt, honey, garlic and the oils of olive and mint.
Providence has carefully labeled each container with paper, tape and black magic marker. Every item in her conjure cupboard was carefully chosen. She collects items herself, like chameleon tails and cat hair and purchases many items by mail order. She experiments and tests. Practices and perfects. Shes better with some items than with others and isnt sure why.
She respects old traditions and classic conjures, but shes not afraid to try new things. In all her studies, shes never found chameleon tails in any conjure, but shes convinced the creature must have powerful magic. With its ability to change color as it sees fit and lose and re-grow its tail to prevent being taken by its enemies, the chameleon holds secrets Providence is determined to unlock. And theyre easy to come by. All she has to do is step out her front door, hunt one down, place her thumb over its tail and wait for the lizard to wiggle free. Because of the chameleons magical powers, in a month a new crop of tails will be readily available, provided some lowlife crow hasnt taken her livestock.
Satisfied with her review of the inventory, Providence set her oil lamp on the kitchen table. She squatted in front of her cupboard and from the lower shelf, she carefully removed a large stack of papers and books. She slid one hand underneath the discombobulated mountain and pressed one hand on top and slid the stack from the shelf to her body and held them close, determined to not drop her library of sacred writings. Some of the papers are loosely bound together with string to form a book. Some are paper clipped and many others are loose. The stack includes several mail order catalogs from a company in Chicago that specializes in folk remedies, including Hoodoo. At the bottom of the stack is a book of Hoodoo conjures and another book titled, Secrets of the Psalms.
Providence carefully set the stack on the kitchen table and adjusted the location of the oil lamp. She made a mental note to remember where the oil lamp sets and to keep her papers clear of its flame and heat. Accidentally incinerating her papers would be disastrous and for her, an event not without precedence. She pulled out the straight backed wooden chair, tucked in close to the table and took a seat in front of the intimidating pile.
Providence started at the top, carefully reviewing each paper and examining its contents thoroughly. Conjures for Bend-Over, a spell to influence someone to yield to your wishes, Stay-Away, a recipe for keeping an unwanted away and Cant Stay-Away. Instructions and recipes for Candle Conjure, Dark Ants and Easy Life. Notes shed written, reminding her of enhancements or suitable substitutions. More detailed notes documenting her successes and failures. Upon completing each review, she set the paper in a neat stack well away from her oil lamp.
She soon realized she didnt know what she was looking for. And she didnt know what she should be looking for. She knows nothing of the man named Zach. Who is he? Where is he from? When was he born? What are his experiences? What did he want? And most importantly, what does he believe?
Without this knowledge, choosing a conjure is just a shot in the dark. She wished she knew more. She tried to remember what her husband said about the man. He hadnt said much. Didnt know much. She reviewed the story George had told. What happened in the grove that may be of use to her?
There may be something there, but not enough to choose the best conjure, she thought. Shed have to wait. Wait on George to bring the man to her kitchen table. When he sat before her, shed talk to him and draw out what she needs to know. Only then could she make the wisest choice.
33

Zach Washington sat on his front porch, perched on an orange crate. Light spilled from a window nearby and barely managed to push the darkness away. In the front room of their shack, Abby and Cyril lay on a mattress, side by side, and perused an old Life magazine that has made its way around the village going on three years now. Incandescence from the naked bulb overhead, cast harsh light and hasher shadows and made the magazine difficult to read. In the kitchen, Ida worked cleaning up after their meal of pork-fat flavored black-eyed peas and cornbread. She carefully wrapped leftover cornbread in cloth for tomorrows breakfast and dipped and cleaned pots and plates in the sink, after filling the basin with water from a bucket.
Zach sat hunched over with his elbows resting on his knees. He rocked the orange crate onto its edge and back again, all the while deep in thought. The village, with shacks clustered together here and there, was mostly quiet now. In the distance, someone played a lonesome tune on a harmonica and every once in while, Zach heard a voice or a loud whoop. The celebrating had died down within an hour of Hill returning them to the village. Without alcohol, the villagers are simply unable to keep reality at bay.
Zach thought about what he always thought about. A non-picking job. A non-moving job. An everyday job. He knew today had not been and will not be what he can expect, other than getting shorted. That was definitely something he could expect. No, somehow, someway he had to get out of the pickin business.
Hes been able to find non-pickin jobs in the past, but they never lasted. Once, hed found a job working for an irrigation company that specialized in farm and grove work. The boss set him to cleaning and organizing the equipment yard and Zach cleaned, raked, sorted and restacked pipes. He washed equipment, repaired pallets and gleaned out waste from the decade old mess. He came early and left late. When he finished, the place looked like it was ready be photographed for Irrigation Yard Monthly. When he finished, the boss told him he didnt have anything else for him, but he appreciated the fine work.
Zach found a job working on a road crew laying new asphalt over old. When they reached the end of the road, the entire crew was let go. He once thought hed found a job painting houses. But it turned out hed found a job painting a house. Life always pushed him back into the orange grove.
Zach decided to give looking for regular work another try. He had too. But he decided theyd work this grove a bit longer. See if they could make some money. See how it went after today. See what the cracker with sunglasses would do. The grove is just too sweet to give up on. When theyd picked the grove, theyll hang back from moving south and hell see what he can find. The problem is he doesnt know anyone who knows the area and maybe could point him in the right direction. And he doesnt have a way to get around. Maybe he could hire the big man with the pickup to give him a ride into town, so he can look.
Evenin, a voice from the darkness said. You Zach?
The words startled Zach, but the image gave him the willies. He stopped rocking his orange crate. The big man with the pickup truck stood at the very edge of the darkness, close to the first step of his porch. He thought about the big man and there he was. It was too much of a coincidence. Too weird. He thought about what he should do next. Stand and defend himself or retreat inside to protect his family.
Sorry. Didnt mean ta startle ya, said George. You name Zach?
Zach hesitated, still unsure if he had somehow, inadvertently and telepathically, summoned the giant man. Finally, he shook his head and said, I am.
George took a small step forward and removed the hat from his head. Im George Wheeler. Mind if I step up? he asked, extending his hat toward the porch.
Zach stood, made himself as tall as he could, hitched his pants and thought about the request. Finally, he extended his hand toward the boards of his porch, inviting the big man up. He knows the man, though theyd met only once before. George helped him find an extra mattress for the place when theyd moved in almost a month ago. Guess he doesnt remember me, thought Zach.
George stepped up, his weight causing the boards to strain and moan. He moved his hat to his other hand and extended his right for Zach. Heard lots boutcha today. Youre quite the hero, he said, shaking Zachs hand with a smiling face and a bone crushing grip. Zach managed to hold his own during the handshake, but was relieved to be free when the big man let go.
George found a second orange crate, turned it bottom side up and took a seat. Sit. Sit, George said. He motioned for Zach to take a seat. Zach hesitated, but sat. He leaned forward and rested his elbows on his knees once again.
George pulled his tobacco pouch from his pocket, opened it and extended it towards Zach. Chaw? he offered. Zach shook his head and took the open pouch. He took a small wad between his fingers, tucked the moist leaves into his mouth and handed the pouch back to his visitor.
Thanks, said Zach.
George took the pouch and grabbed a large wad for himself. Everybodys talkin bout what you did today. Aint never heard no pickers talk like that bout one they own, said George. In they eyes you kinda a hero, he added.  He stuck the large ball of tobacco into his mouth. The presence of the leaves caused his mouth to water, unlocking the calming drug hidden within.
Zach thought about what George was trying to say. Aint no hero. And Im more stubborn than brave, said Zach, leaning over and looking down to the boards.
Awww. Caint hardly believe that. Not after all I heard, George said, managing to hold a smile to his big face. George wanted Zach to look at him, so he can see his big, friendly smile. He doesnt care much for the facial expression, doing it only when he has too. And if hes going to the trouble of smiling, he doesnt much like wasting it. Over the years hes practiced grinning and has gotten good enough to put most people at ease, a skill hes found useful for mitigating his threatening size. When hes out pushing for his wife, he does what he has too and slaps one on.
Heard you brought your children, George said, still holding his smile. You got em workin with ya? He leaned toward the edge of the porch, turned his head and launched a goober into the darkness. His smile quickly returned when he sat back up.
Theys workin, said Zach. Theys old enough. Good too. He looked at George and his big smile. Whats he so happy about?, thought Zach. The smile made him uneasy and he decided to keep his eye on the big man.
Good. Good, George said softly. He hesitated and thought about what he should say next. He searched for more small talk, but his mind kept drawing blanks. The silence began to accumulate and eventually made him uncomfortable. Now, he thought, if he said anything else it would sound forced, or worse, stupid.
Well, George said. I guess I should go head and get to the point. Why I come here I mean. He began to get a little nervous about the presentation hes about to give and his smile became more difficult to hold.
I come to hep you, George said.
The words surprised Zach. Help me?, thought Zach. He wants to help me? Zach thought about what this could mean. Maybe the big man knew of a job or maybe he could point him in the right direction. Zachs not the type to solicit help from people. But if it meant finding a job not pickin, especially now, then maybe he could welcome the mans help.
Well, not me exactly, said George. My wife. My wife says shes got to hep you.
George hesitated. He always has trouble explaining Providence. Truth is, he doesnt have a real good understanding of her or the things she does. When hes forced to explain what he knows, what hes seen, it always comes out like a tangled up ball of string, with too many knots and no end in sight.
My wife can hep people that needs heppin. And she says you needs heppin. So thats why Im here. I seen Providence.thats my wife, her name is Providence, I seen her do stuff. She does stuff and it works. I caint explain. But I seen it work. She keeps stuff. Things, I mean. Things she knows bout. She uses em to hep people and if she says she can hep you then I bout know that means she can. She says you in trouble. Dont know exactly what that means either, but she says you could be in some dangerous kinda trouble.
George stopped talking to figure out where he was in explaining. He wasnt sure what hed said and what he still had left to say. He looked down to the porch boards, took a deep breath and continued on.
All you gots ta do is come see her. She can explain. I dont understand all she does. Hell, I dont understand at all. Like you caint see that. But Im sure she got somethin in the cupboard for you. She sent me and I gots to bring you back. Says just you. No one else. Just you.
George stopped again. He watched Zach to see if hes making headway, hoping that he was and that his sales pitch, as bad as it may be, was working.
Georges sales pitch disappointed Zach, though it wasnt a complete surprise. Hed heard rumors about the big mans wife. How she did black magic for people. Zach didnt put much stock in such things, but he understood why people did. When you had to do something and you aint got nothing else, at least black magic gave people the feeling theyd acted. They hadnt just sat around and done nothing. Theyd pushed back, retaliated, gave as good as they got. But he didnt much care for spending three dollars on a black magic spell, just to make himself feel better.
Besides, his wife wouldnt go for it. He knows Ida would be crushed if either he or she ever did anything that would so much as make the good Reverend Rice frown. He didnt really understand what it was about the Reverend that so enamored his wife. But whatever it was, he had a powerful hold on her. Other than her own mother, Zach knows the first person his wife will see when they return to Palatka will be Reverend Rice. And hell be dragged off to church the first Sunday and afterwards, shell make sure they greet the Reverend at the church door.
Preciate what youre offerin, but I never put no stock in black magic, Zach finally said.
Georges face lost the last of its friendliness. This aint no black magic, said George. Providence says Gods own hand is in what she does. No. I aint talkin bout no black magic so you can put it outa your head. And if its about money, Providence dont charge till you happy with the job. Then you can pay what you like.
Zach stood, took a step towards the edge of the porch and spit into the night. Looking out into the darkness he said, It aint all about the money and may well be what you say is true. But I got a woman that fry my ass like bacon if I ever took a spell. And I went against her once today already. Know better than to do it twice. In one day.
George laughed loudly. I got one a those too. And she says youre commin home wit me! So what we gonna do? he asked. Maybe we oughta just let em go at it. My wifes small and old, but I dont see your old lady takin her. Im warnin ya.
Zach smiled. Maybe we should just keep em apart. Look. I appreciate what youre tryin to do. I can use your hep. Jus not this way, he said. Zach hesitated and added, Im gonna pick this grove for awhile, but I wanna look for different work. Aint got no way into town. Id pay ya for a ride. And back. Into town I mean. And if you know anythin, Id appreciate that too.
So you aint commin, said George. My wifes gonna be sorely disappointed. And just sore at me. If I was feelin it, Id just take ya back. But I aint feelin it so much tonight. He looked down and thought about what would be easier, dragging Zach back to his house against his will or facing Providence without him.
Preciate you not doin that, said Zach. And tell your wife, I thank her for the concern.
George sat for a moment longer and thought about what else he could say. If he said anything else, itd just sound like beggin, he thought. He slowly rose from his citrus box seat. Well, if ya aint commin, I guess thats it then, he said, looking out into the darkness. He turned to Zach and extended his right hand and added, When you need that ride just let me know. Aint that much to get into town.
Zach took the big mans hand and they shook. Georges handshake was nowhere near as strong as the previous. Zach wondered if it meant anything. Was he trying to intimidate him at first and is just being friendlier now? Or was it something else?
George turned, put his hat on his head, stepped from the porch and faded into the night. A gust of wind rose up and quickly moved on, as if it were determined to follow him home.
Zach watched as the big man disappeared. His gums absorbed the relaxing nicotine from the chaw in his mouth. He had a good feeling. A stranger had offered to help him. He thought George and Providence to be earnest. He thought they were genuine in their offer and not just trying to sell him a three dollar spell. He leaned into the night and spit as far as could.
Ida sat on the edge of the mattress in the front room with her two children. With her knees pulled up under her chin and her arms wrapped around her legs, shed listened to most of the conversation that occurred on the porch. When she heard George leave, she turned to Cyril and Abby. Come on. Its time to get ready for bed, she told them.


34

Providence had her face buried in papers when she heard her front door rattle. The door barely opened when a booming voice called out, He aint commin!
On the walk home, George thought hard how to break the news to his wife. He knows the best way to handle her is to take her head on. Hold the high ground as long as he can. And make her burn off as much precious energy and hot air taking it from him. When she did, and she inevitably would, hopefully, she wont have enough left to pursue him and he can tend to his wounds in peace. Hes lived with Providence a long time and he knows planning and flawless execution are absolute necessities for getting her to swallow a bitter pill. And for her, rejection is the most bitter pill of all.
He aint commin? Why not? demanded Providence, sitting behind her stack of papers at the kitchen table.
George turned and shut their front door. He jostled it a bit and got the door shut completely. He felt whatever was in stomach begin to turn over. He was in and into it now. Head on, he thought. Head on. He turned to face his wife.
Says he dont put much stock in it. And his wife would be agin it anyways. The way he says, shed be hard agin it, said George. He set his hat carefully onto the back of his easy chair and faced his wife.
Damn! Providence said, forcefully. Damn know-it-all fool. Im supposed to be heppin people. How do you hep someone that wont hep themselves? Seems like theys more everyday. What you tell him?
Told you could hep him. And that you said he needed heppin. And that yous good at it too. He called it black magic, but I told him it aint and that Gods own hand is in what you do, said George.
You never were good at persuadin. You shoulda persuaded harder. And I think you know what I mean, said Providence.
Coulda, I guess. Damn woman! I aint young like that no more. You better learn that. Never was one for pickin fights. Only did it when I had too. I dont need you puttin me out there for that. No. I aint goin for that, George countered.
Never said you had to fight em. Just use what God gave ya. Thats all Im sayin, said Providence.
Well, he aint commin. Caint say Im disappointed. I never wanted to get in his business anyways, said George.  Hes about to realize he has committed a tactical error from which he will not recover. Hes about to be driven from the high ground. Hes let the know-it-all fool off the hook and placed himself securely on it. All guns now point his way. His back side was halfway to finding a soft landing on his easy chair when the first rounds were fired.
I knew it! hollered his wife. I knew it! I knew it! I knew it! Her hands turned to fists and she banged the table top with both. She leapt from her seat. She stomped one foot repeatedly and pumped both arms, causing her slender self to pivot in a tight circle. She turned for George, extended one clenched fist toward him and punched at the air in his general direction. I knew you didnt wanna do this! I knew you wouldnt hep me! Did you even talk to this fool? Providence demanded. Well, did you?
George quickly reversed his slow descent. I talked to him. I told what he said, George said innocently. Hes stunned by the surprise attack. He thought about his mistake, unsure exactly where he made it. He thought about where hed placed his reading glasses. Hes always understood the rules to be you dont hit someone with glasses.
Yeah and I bet you was just sooo convincen too! Providence said, sarcastically. Unconvincen convincen. Thats you. Mr. Unconvincen convincen. Really put the pitch on there for me, did ya? Here. Why dont you try it on me? Convince me of somethin. Convince me you really talked to this fool. Come on. Show me some a that unconvincen convincen youre soooo known for.
Providence, hands still clenched, took a step closer to George. She folded her arms under her breasts and waited for some convincen.
George rubbed his forehead and thought about his predicament. If he fled, shed follow. And he didnt want to carry this into the street. No, its best to make a stand here. He knew shed calm down in a minute or two, if he just let her get it out. The next few minutes could be rough though, he thought.
Look. I talked to him, said George. He put a little more sternness to his words just to let her know hes going to stand his ground. He said he didnt put no stock in it and his wife would be hard agin it and thats why he aint commin. Thats what he said. George stood his ground and snatched his hat from the back of his chair and held it with both hands, just to keep them occupied and give his nervousness an outlet.
This woman whos so agin it, whats her name? countered Providence.
George thought for a moment. Dont think he ever said her name. No, cant recall him ever sayin it, he finally answered.
You said he got children. How many children he got?  Providence demanded.
George thought again. Never said that neither, he finally answered.
Well you got the unconvincen part down real good. Its the convincen part you need workin on, Providence said with disgust. You went n talked to him and didnt see his wife or his children? Kinda hard to swallow.
Just cause I caint answer your silly questions dont mean I didnt do what you asked. And I did talk to him, said George. Asked me for a ride into town. Said he was gonna pick a bit more, but he wanted ta look for work. Said he wants to get out a pickin. Needs to get outa pickin. And I talked ta him on his front porch. His family was in they house. Never saw em.
Silly questions? I dont ask silly questions! And if he was here, Id be askin em ta him, scolded Providence. If Im ta hep him, these are things I need ta know. Important things, these silly questions.
Providence turned and headed for the kitchen. George wondered if she was fleeing the field and if he held the day. Didnt seem likely, he thought.
This aint over! yelled Providence from the kitchen. This aint. over!
She began pulling items from her cupboard. White candles, jars and a tin can. When she couldnt hold any more, she turned for the kitchen table, but unconsciously detoured back to the front room.
You wanna know when this is over? asked Providence, rhetorically. Its over when its done. When Im done, then its over. She turned again for the kitchen table.
George did want to know when it would be over. Hell, thats all he wanted to know. So when youre done, its over?, he thought. Well, when you gonna be done you crazy old woman?, he asked himself. He looked to his easy chair and the soft inviting cushions.  No, best stand a bit longer.
Providence, still holding the items shed taken from her cupboard, pushed at the papers on the kitchen table to clear a space, so she could set them down. She rumbled and mumbled. About how things aint being how they used to be. How people aint how they used to be. It aint right! she said. She pushed more papers, clearing more space and repositioned her oil lamp. It aint right ta be treated this way, she mumbled and turned for her cupboard, once again.
George, still standing and holding his hat, watched his wife from their dimly lit front room. She seems to be settling down, he thought. He thought about light and considered getting another oil lamp. He thought about electricity, light bulbs and switches. He wondered how bad it would be if he flipped the breaker on at the back of the house. How it would set Providence off like a struck match. Serve her right too, he told himself. Providence crossed his field of vision again, mumbling and carrying more of her stuff. Serve her right good if he flipped that switch. He thought about the minute of pleasure the flipped switch would bring and the days of agony that would follow. He thought again about his easy chair and its soft cushions.
Providence finally plopped down in her chair and bounced it toward the edge of the kitchen table. She looked over the array of glass jars and tin cans scattered before her. She placed both elbows on the table and put her hands over her face, covering both her eyes and took a deep breath. She needed to calm herself and relax. She needed to be in the right frame of mind to do what needs doing. She sat perfectly still and concentrated on clearing her mind, body and soul. She felt her muscles begin to relax. She felt the stinging fibers of agitation and tension begin to recede. She didnt move until they were gone completely.
George watched his wife. Shes quiet and off her feet. Both good signs. Slowly, his backside made its way for the soft cushion of his easy chair. Slowly, so he wouldnt disturb the eerie quiet his home now enjoyed. Battlefields always seem eerily quiet immediately after a big fire fight and his home was no different. His motion was slow and his muscles strained to hold his huge, heavy frame while it transformed itself from standing to sitting. His butt finally found the soft cushion. Slowly the chair took on all of his weight. He took a deep breath and quietly exhaled. He embraced his comfortable easy chair thats so familiar with his form and the easy chair hugged him back.
Providence spread her fingers slightly, opened her eyes and peered out. She looked over her table again and caught her husband out of the corner of her eye. What is that fool doing?, she thought. She watched him from behind her fingers. All this time. All these years. All the effort. All the teaching. And this is what shes gotten for all that. Hell never get it. Not how important this is. Not how much they need what she does. Fool couldnt pitch ice in hell. No, but he can sure push those bottles. Thinks I dont know. I know what you do. I know everything you do, you old fool, she said to herself. 
Providence shut her fingers and closed her eyes. She set about freeing herself of the troubles. Troubles nearby, and those farther away. To do what she knows needs doing, shell have to be above all that nonsense. She knows how to get herself there. Shes done it before. Plenty of times.


35

Providence, clear of all earthly distractions, set in on her work. Shed set two white candles on the table and now considered how best to light them. The candles, short and stout, are well used and have plenty of hardened wax runs and drips plastered to their sides. She carefully placed a finger near the clear glass shade of her lit oil lamp, to see if it can be removed. Hot. Providence decided a match would be the better choice and got a sturdy wooden one from a box in her cupboard. She returned to the oil lamp and held the sulfured end of the match over the top of the lamp shade. Immediately, the match combusted from the heat. Providence carefully lit both candles. Satisfied with the candlelight, she turned the knob on the oil lamp and extinguished its flame. Shed previously performed a Candle Conjure on the two white candles to purify the light they produced. Now, everything their light touched is cleansed.
She sat again and thought, once more, about the man named Zach. She didnt know much about him or his situation. The only things she knows is he has a family, hes in serious trouble and he wants to get outa pickin. Hell, that could be any one of the fools out there. She decided on a couple of generic conjures, one called Courage and one known as Fast Luck. If the story shed been told is true, she knows the man has courage, but she has a strong sense it needs to be bucked up.
She sighed. If she knew more, she could do more. If she knew everything she needed to know about this man, she could do a conjure that would find its target like a sturdy oak arrow finding the center of the red bulls eye. Instead, shell have to use a shotgun with the choke full off and shoot with her eyes closed. She hoped to hit some piece of the target.
Providence rose, and from her cupboard she pulled a heavy ceramic mortar and pestle from the shelf. She returned to the table and began mixing the ingredients for Courage.
Some people say either you have courage or you aint  and thats just how people are. But Providence says no, that aint how it is. She says courage you can plant. Just like corn. And if you already gots some you can make it grow. It may take time. It may take a lot of time, but anyone can be instilled with courage. Shes seen the Wizard of Oz and she knows she coulda done that liony thing a world of good. If shed just been given a shot.
She picked up one of the glass jelly jars, unscrewed the top and peered in. The jar holds Dragons Blood, the dried and crushed leaves of the dracaena shrub. She took a small measuring spoon and scooped up some of the fine, dark powder. She tapped the spoon on the inside of the jar, causing its contents to spill out, until she was satisfied she had the right amount. She emptied the spoon into the mortar, replaced the top on her jar of Dragons Blood and moved onto the next ingredient.
She picked up a tin that held dried bay leaves and pulled one out. She held the brittle leaf over her mortar and quickly broke it up into numerous pieces, allowing the small fragments to drop into the bowl. She picked up a small envelope that resembled a seed packet, opened it and gently shook until several coarse dark seeds fell into her waiting palm. The seeds resemble large black pepper corns, but black pepper they are not. The seeds are known as Grains of Paradise. She scraped several of the seeds back into the packet until only two remained in her palm. She dropped both into the waiting bowl.
Providence picked up another jar. This one held Black Cohosh, the dried, crushed leaves of a small perennial herb. She used her measuring spoon again and scooped and tapped until it held the right amount. She emptied the spoon into her mortar.
She picked up her pestle and began to grind the ingredients to fine powder. First, she ground in a twisting motion and then ground in a circular motion. She tapped the pestle on the side of the mortar bowl and peered in. The purifying light of her conjure candles skipped across the top of her bowl and missed its contents completely. She focused on the black hole. She tilted the bowl toward the light, so she could judge the results of her grinding and to let the light cleanse its contents.
She deemed her conjure for Courage complete. She rose and pulled a role of wax paper from a nearby drawer. With scissors, she cut two squares from the wax paper roll. She folded the paper in half, carefully setting a sharp crease with her finger. She folded it in half again and set another crease. She did the same with the second sheet. She returned to her kitchen table and unfolded the wax paper. Where the two creases crossed, she carefully deposited the contents of her mortar, being sure to allow the purifying light to again cleanse the fine powder as it fell. She tapped the side of the bowl with her pestle several times, until it yielded nothing else.
Providence folded the wax paper again and took one of her conjure candles. She tilted the candle over the wax paper package and dripped hot wax along its edge. She set a fold along the two free sides and held it until the wax set, sealing the small package. She set it aside and moved on to her recipe for Fast Luck.
Luck is Providences favorite element. Shes a master manipulator of it and though you wont find the element on the periodic table, shell tell you its as real as iron. Absolutely as real as iron. She knows of fools that say it doesnt exist. Who say it aint real. She also knows those fools will be true believers the minute it either strikes em where they lives or shuns em harshly. She knows you cant make luck and you cant burn it either. You can only attract it or repel it.
The way Providence explains luck is its like clouds in the sky. Always on the move. Always huntn and searchn. Sometimes its all spread out, thin and way up high. Sometimes its thick, low and heavy and sometimes itll reach out and strike someone on the behind. Just like a lightning bolt can strike someone. But its always on the move and its always out there. Out there for the takin.
Providence began pulling together her ingredients for Fast Luck. Shes familiar with every kind of luck imaginable. Good, Bad, Blind and Dumb. And Fast. When someone comes to her looking for a bit of good fortune, Fast Luck certainly wouldnt be her first choice. Fast Luck will come on quick and move on just as quick. A person has to be ready for it, cause if he misses it, it may not come round again.
She didnt think Zach had much time. Certainly not enough time for a good batch of solid luck to slowly build until there was so much of it, itd have to strike. No, she and he would have to use what was available. What was close by. And Fast Luck would do that. She hoped Zach will be ready when it comes his way.
Providence dropped a single clove into her mortar. She took her small measuring spoon, filled it with cinnamon and dropped the rusty red powder onto the clove. She took her pestle and ground at the clove and cinnamon, crushing the clove and mixing both thoroughly.
She set her pestle down and tilted the mortar bowl toward the candlelight. She peered into the bowl and thought about adding a special ingredient. She thought of the risk contamination might bring. She thought of the benefits the ingredient may hold. She told herself she needs everything she can muster. The risk is worth the reward, she thought.
She rose and returned to her cupboard, took a jar from the shelf and began searching through a drawer for a needed tool. The drawer holds a variety of mundane items. Several types of knives, a couple of ice picks, bottle openers, a crescent wrench, clothes pins, a few pencils and miscellaneous small parts collected over the years. The dim light made it difficult to differentiate the contents of the drawer and Providence leaned over until her face was within inches of the mess it held. She searched, mostly with her free hand, until she found the item she needed, a large pair of tweezers.
She returned to the table, removed the lid from the jar and held it up to the candlelight, so it shined through. The jar holds chameleon tails, at least a dozen. The tails are dry and brittle, tangled and gray. They wove around the bottom half of the jar. Providence, peering through the side of the jar, picked up her tweezers and slowly lowered the small metal pincers. She focused hard on the tail she wanted and steered the tweezers toward it. She gently closed the tweezers around the chosen one and began to lift. She carefully steered and guided the tail to untangle it from the others. When it was clear of the other tails, she removed it from the jar.
She held the tail, still clasping it with the tweezers, up to the candlelight. She examined it closely and let the light purify it. The tail, deemed satisfactory and adequately purified, was dropped into her mortar. She took her pestle and carefully began breaking up the brittle tail. When it was sufficiently broken, she began grinding and ground until the remnants disappeared. She tilted the bowl toward the light. The only thing she saw was an indiscernible powder. A powder, fine and true. Of clove, cinnamon and chameleon tail.
Providence picked up a tin and pried at the lid with her fingernails, until it popped free. The tin, lined with wax paper, holds lemongrass, finely diced. She pinched a good amount between her thumb and index finger and deposited the lemongrass into her mortar. She picked up a small glass vial and unscrewed the top. The vial contains Bergamot oil, a pungent elixir, squeezed from the skin of the Bergamot orange. Holding her measuring spoon close, she carefully tilted the vial until a single drop escaped the lip and fell to the spoon. She added another drop and emptied the spoon into her mortar bowl.
With her measuring spoon, she mixed the Bergamot oil into the rest of the contents of the bowl. She mixed until all of the fine powder and clumps of lemongrass were well coated. She opened the remaining piece of wax paper and spread it out on the table. She scooped and scraped the pasty mixture exactly onto its center and then tilted the paper toward the candlelight, just to be sure.
She folded the paper, took a candle and dripped hot wax onto it just as she had with the other and sealed the powerful little package. Half way home, she told herself. Half way home.
From behind her table covered with books, papers, glass jars, tins, tools and conjure candles, Providence looked out into the darkness, clasping her two wax paper packages of Courage and Fast Luck. From her seat at the kitchen table, she could see most of her front room. She watched George, fast asleep in his chair in the dim light. She could see the only window their front room held. The single hung window stood wide open, its sheer curtains frozen to the frame. Providence gazed out through the window and held her eyes to the darkness the window held, determined to take in all she could see. To her, the darkness seemed so thick, hard and deep, it was if light had never been there.
She listened to the stillness. She heard nothing. Not the sounds of the people in the village. No voices or doors or footsteps. She listened for the sounds of the earth, the wind, a dog or insects. Nothing. She listened for her husbands breathing. She watched him and wondered if he was. She thought she saw his chest move, but she heard nothing. She listened for her own breath. Nothing. Her world was perfectly, flawlessly silent.
She tilted her head back and slowly and deliberately, inhaled. She smelled something. She breathed in again, concentrating on the scent. There. Theres something there, she thought. It smells like water. Just like pure water. Holy water she calls it. So mild and light, she believes only she and maybe an exceptional bloodhound, have the extraordinary sense to pick it up. She knows the scent. Providence has always said, He smells just like pure whouta!  
Providence, sitting in what seemed like the only light on earth, closed her eyes and began to pray.


36

Providence felt the softness of warm moving air on her face and across her bare arms. The sheer curtains, framing the window in the front room, danced slowly with the soft breeze as it moved past. The flames of her candles danced too.
She held her place, sitting with her elbows on the table and her hands clasped together, her fingers interlocked. Her forehead leaned against her thumbs and she kept her eyes securely shut, deep in prayer. Wax paper poked out of the small safe her hands created. In her palms she held Courage and Fast Luck. Providence prayed on.
She couldnt resist the advancements the warm, moist, fragrant air made upon her any longer. She lifted her head and pointed her face directly at her front window. With her eyes tight shut, she allowed herself to enjoy the light scent the air held. A scent she knew was just for her. She inhaled, slowly taking in the fresh, clean air. The air slowly moved past and caressed her with both its warmth and fragrance.
You know why we come together this night, Providence said, almost in a whisper, being careful to not disturb her gently moving guest. The air moved around her, as warm and softly as when it first arrived.
Providence repeated the statement, You know why we come together. We come together for Zach. Far from where she sat, thunder rolled across the sky, the frequency of the sound so low, it belied the ferocity of the strike that set it free.
What I have for you is in my hands. Providence spoke softly and opened her eyes. What I holds, I holds for you. She unlocked her fingers and held out her hands. She opened both and held her palms upward. A small wax paper package rested on each of her upturned hands.
Distant thunder sounded again. It raced toward Providences small house, rolled over it and moved on. The light breeze entering her home grew slightly stronger when the low rumble passed. Curtains and candles resisted and loose papers fluttered. Providence watched and waited.
She felt the warm air around her begin to move faster. It was no longer soft and steady, but moved in fits and spurts, as if it were testing the strength of both the house and all the things it held. It pushed against the weak. Fabrics and papers and candlelight. And pushed against the strong. Walls, doors and furniture. The air pushed up against Providence, sitting calmly with her hands held high, offering up all she had to offer, the wax paper packages, rocking gently on her palms.
My God, my God, why you shun me? Providence sternly asked. Why you so far from heppin me? She held her distant gaze, watching the infinite darkness outside her window.
Instantly, darkness became light. The world outside her window appeared and then disappeared. The image flickered like it was an old silent movie, washed clean of all color. The view through her window was strange and unfamiliar to Providence. Nothing like she remembered it to be. Light, air and sound came crashing through the open window, pulling the light, fragile curtains violently away from the wall. Papers leapt from the table top and her conjure candles choked on the smothering burst of air. Providence held firm, determined to have an answer.
The violent lightening strike jarred George awake. His heart accelerated towards its redline limit, quickly pumping oxygen to his previously peaceful brain. He looked toward the open window and saw the curtains clinging desperately to the rod. He felt air move violently past him. He struggled with his still dormant body and managed to extract himself from the easy chair. Once on his feet, he could feel his heart push hard against the inside of his chest and he worried about it.
George staggered towards the window and braced himself against the sill when he reached it. His enormous bulk filled the open space and air pushed hard against him as it struggled to find a way around. Using more weight than strength, he pulled hard on the single hung window. It moved, then became bound by the jamb. George pulled on one side and then the other, trying to find the right balance to free the stuck window. The window dropped, then bound, then dropped again. Each time the window moved, the strong wind pushing against him seemed to weaken. When the window frame reached the sill, he couldnt feel the wind at all.
He stepped back and caught site of the curtains, still pulling hard against the rod and fluttering almost horizontally, being pushed by an unfelt force. George stepped toward the window again and held the back of his hand near the jamb, feeling for the air finding its way into his home. He tried several places. He could feel air oozing in, but it was barely enough to register on the back of his hand. Certainly not enough to disturb the curtains. He stepped back and turned to find the source of the wind.
He saw Providence sitting in a sphere of light, her hands extended towards him. She held her eyes wide open  and looked through him as if he never existed. Papers moved around her as if theyd been picked up by a whirling dervish, with his wife anchoring it in place. Her light sphere danced as the flames of the candles struggled against a force George couldnt feel. 
Cause I cried for you by day and called for you by night and you have not answered! Providence called out. Will you answer me now?
Lightning struck again. Light and sound appeared simultaneously. George, his pupils set for dim light, was temporarily blinded by the white hot flash. The small shack shuddered as the sonic wave hammered home a solid blow.
Providence sat unfazed. Shes oblivious to light and sound and the stray electricity that seems to blindly seek her out. Shes in a conversation shes determined to have and determined to finish. A conversation a long time in the coming.
I commit my cause to you O Lord. Rescue me! Rescue me before its too late!
Light rain began to fall. Individual raindrops sounded against their rusty tin roof. Providence could feel the moving warm air against her cheek begin to cool. The pace of falling drops accelerated, until it created a steady downfall and a smothering white noise.
The dogs, theys all around me now! Evil ones! They has me surrounded! Providence pleaded. And Bulls surround me too. The Bulls of Bashan surround me and will not let me pass!
On you I was cast and since I been bore you have been my God!
The wind outside their home grew strong. It howled against everything that would be so bold as to stand against it. Long stout limbs of mighty live oaks bent to the gale until they could bend no more. They swung back violently against their attacker, like an old drunk throwing his last haymaker. Every limb fought its own fight, twisting the giant oaks in all directions at once. Palms and palmettos bowed, rattled and shook. Their shack swayed, the tin roof screaming as if the rain were acid.
Is poured out like whouta and my heart is like melted wax! yelled Providence. Is poured out like whouta!
A loud crash sounded against the roof as the first ice ball struck. Soon, the house was being hammered by large hail stones, their roof and one wall taking the brunt of the attack. Each ice stone sounded with a loud crash as it struck tin or a dull thud if it struck the clapboard siding. Lightning struck and struck again. The flashing light illuminating the sky, like giant flares showing the battlefield for an attacking army.
Providence, in swirling wind and flickering light, never wavered. Floating papers were held in orbit and candlelight bent to the turbulence.  The air began to cool more rapidly. She could feel it. The cool moisture moving closer, almost touching her skin.
Save me! Save me from the sword, from the dog and from the bull!
George stumbled away from the window. Trying to find safety, he clung to a windowless wall, hoping to not be struck by the flying glass hes sure will come. He felt the wall he clung to move. He stiffened and held on tighter, scratching at its smooth surface, trying to find a handhold. Hes determined to save the wall, so the wall can save him. With one ear pressed against it, he could hear the old wood giving way. Nails and wood fibers popped under the stress. Hail, rain, wind and lightning kept up the onslaught. The world outside roared.
O Lord, do not be far away and come quickly to me!
Suddenly, the pounding hail stopped. Lightning ceased and the howling wind grew tamer. The loud, white noise of heavy rain was all that remained. Slowly, the rain began to taper and the wind finally went still. Light rain fell, the drops growing smaller and more widespread. The storm had moved on, seemingly quicker than it came.
George, arms spread wide, relaxed his grip on the wall. He didnt let go entirely, as he wasnt sure if either he or the wall would be able to stand without the help of the other. Slowly, he pushed himself from the wall, leaning his weight against it on only his palms. He took a deep breath and dropped his head, relieved hed survived and still had a roof over him to call his own.
The rain stopped altogether and a deafening silence, once again, fell upon the picker village.
Providence, sitting just as she had when the storm arrived, closed her eyes. Papers lay scattered on the floor in a rough circle around her and the flames of her conjure candles stood steady and tall. The air around her stalled and grew colder still. The air began to give up its heavy burden and shed the moisture it could no longer hold. Slowly, molecule by molecule, water settled onto Providence. It came to her as if it were seeking warmth.
Molecules began sticking to one another. Soon, they grew to small beads and small beads became large beads. Beads became droplets and droplets became drops. They settled on her cheeks, outstretched arms and on the strands of her hair. They were absorbed by her thin summer dress and clung to the wax paper packages sitting on her palms.
Candlelight bounced off and through her multitude of clinging, condensed drops of water. Light that bounced off shined white and light that went through broke to the colors of the rainbow. Her dark skin now glistened and sparkled iridescent. Droplets of greens and blues, yellows and reds, indigos and whites.
Providence, eyes closed, enjoyed the water. It settled so soft against her skin she could barely feel it. She concentrated. She could feel. She could feel Him and she could smell Him. She inhaled slowly and deeply. You smells just like whouta. Just like pure whouta. The purist whouta I ever did smell, she whispered.



*********************


Ida, lying on their mattress, listened to the storm. She wondered how bad the roof leaked, if it did. In the darkness she couldnt tell. She listened for the sound of drops inside the room, but the rain against the tin roof drowned out everything.
Next to her, Zach slept soundly. Close by, sharing their own mattress, Cyril and Abby slept just as soundly. She marveled at their ability to sleep through such a storm.
She rolled over and faced her husband. She wanted to be closer to him. She thought of waking him and taking him to the front room. She didnt. He must be very tired if he can sleep through this, she thought.


37

George sat bolt upright on one of the two, puritanical ladder-back chairs he keeps on his front porch. The chairs are hard, ergonomically obsolete, uncomfortable and nothing like his soft easy chair. On this night, uncomfortable seating is the least of his concerns. His focus is on his mission, an equally uncomfortable affair, thrust upon him by his wife.
The violent storm, a cold front, had moved on. Now, the eternal struggle between cold and dry, and warm and moist, is being fought further south. The front has given the night a bite and cleaned the air. The storm scrubbed the sky so clean, it left only the stars behind.
George never noticed the chilly bite or his uncomfortable seat. The storm and Providence had shaken him to his core and left him too wired for sleep. He decided to wait on the front porch and get an early start on the task at hand. He tried to see what damage the storm may have done to his house and the picker village, but the moonless night hid whatever destruction there may be.
Hed checked on his wife twice during the night. Providence lay in their bed, just as she had fallen, damp and wearing her thin summer dress. On this night, she never moved and slept like she was stone. Hed placed a wool army blanket over her and returned to his seat on the porch. 
Providence had given him the wax paper packages and instructed him to place one in each of the shoes of the man named Zach. She told him he could not fail and repeated it a half dozen times. She told him hell would need to be paid if he could not do this and repeated it twice. She asked him if he knew what paying hell meant and hed shaken his head, yes. But after sitting on the front porch and thinking about it for awhile, he had no idea what it meant. She told him to use what God gave him and, as an afterthought, she gave him the bottle of Florida Water and told him to lightly sprinkle the man named Zach with it, just for good measure.
Now, the wax paper packages and the bottle of Florida Water sat on the seat of the old ladder-back chair George had pulled up close to his. He handled them carefully, guarded them diligently and thought of his mission. Getting the packages in Zachs shoes.
He came up with several scenarios and played them out in his head, testing them for effectiveness and trying to judge each for its likelihood of success.
Hed con Zach out of his shoes. As a neighborly gesture, hed offer to put a coat of shoe black on em. Hed tell Zach how a new coat of shoe black would make his shoes last longer and how hed look better and therefore feel better. Hed get Zach to give up his shoes for a free shine. Itd be tough to pull off. George never was one who could sell a load of crap and he worried he might end up having to do the whole familys shoes if he did pull it off.
He could steal em. Break into Zachs house, get the shoes, securely place the packages inside and return em before he knew they was missin. George worried about the wood floors. Creaking wood floors has always been his calling card. Always given notice he was up and on the move.
He could plead for em. Hed tell Zach what happened with Providence and the storm. Tell em how scared he was of what Providence would do to poor old him if Zach didnt cooperate. Tell em about payin hell, whatever that may mean. Beg Zach to help him out. How it wouldnt hurt him none just to help poor, old George out of a tight spot. He thought it may work, if he pleaded long enough and hard enough. And though it all may be true, he never took a hankerin to beggin, especially in public, where his local reputation is at stake.
He could threaten him. Threaten to use force to get the shoes, if thats what it took. Tell Zach hell turn him upside down, knock him right off his feet and take his shoes. Right there in front of wife and children. And theres nothin Zach could do to stop him. How hed  hurt Zach if he fought back too much. George didnt much care for the option, but hed do what he had to do. If nothin else worked, hed take the damn shoes. At least his reputation wouldnt be tarnished and he wouldnt be makin no payments to hell.
George looked up to the stars and thought about his options. He needs to make a decision soon. He isnt sure how soon. But soon. He doesnt know the time and doesnt know how long before the picker bus or the sun will show. He needs to refine the plan, whichever one that may be and practice it in his head. He knows you need a good a plan and flawless execution to get a recalcitrant man to take his medicine.
George heard something. He leaned forward and listened. Sounds like an engine, he thought. He focused on the sound and it drew nearer. Yes, its an engine. Diesel, not gasoline and it has a leaky exhaust system. He began to grow anxious. It must be the picker bus. Time is running out. George swallowed hard and felt his mouth grow dry. He looked down the dirt road to where it connected to the pavement of the more fortunate road nearby, though the intersection was still cloaked in darkness. He listened, watched and waited.
He saw light approach the intersection and heard the engine draw near. The light passed over him as the bus made its turn. A single headlight burned and led the bus towards him. The light approached slowly and veered from side to side and up and down, as the bus made its way across the obstacle course of a dirt trail. George thought it moved as if it were searching him out.
Soon, he could see the outline of the picker bus. It crept past in its self-made light. He could make out Bluebird Citrus Company on its side. A few yellow lights burned near its top and a few red ones burned on the rear. The engine struggled noisily as the bus passed Georges front porch.
He watched the red taillights move away. The bus drove well down the dirt road, before turning off and then turning around. The headlight made its way back toward George, as if it had missed him the first time. George watched.
Suddenly, the lights of the bus disappeared and only engine noise remained. Then, silence. George watched the black spot where the light and sound had vanished. Time is running out, he thought. He needs to make up his mind.
Shoe black, he decided. Hell offer Zach a free shine. Seemed the best option. If he sold it right, Zach will hand over his shoes. If he sold it right, thered be no fuss and no muss. Who wouldnt want a free shine? What kinda person would pass on a free shine? The only correct answer would be no one, he concluded. Especially, if he sold it right.
George began to write his farcical con. In his head he wrote, rehearsed and revised. He practiced his smile and periodically, squinted at the dark spot where he last saw the bus.


38

Zach and his son waited on the steps of their front porch. Zach can barely make out the bus in the dark gray of the early morning. But he can make out enough of it to know its there, waiting. And he sure doesnt want to ride the bus this day. Yesterdays rush has well wore off. Wore off the way Saturday night whiskey courage wears off by Sunday morning. He knows the days going to start out tense and theres no tellin where it will go from there. If he had a choice hed choose not to go to the grove today.
But if he doesnt go today, he has to go the next. Saturday is payday. And the only way to get paid is to get to the pay window at the plant, and its only open a few hours Saturday afternoon. The only way to the pay window is by the bus, which always takes them to the grove in the morning to pick, and to the plant Saturday afternoon to get paid. So, whatever he doesnt face today, hell have to face tomorrow.
Zach had been taught, from an early age, to face his problems, soon and straight up. His momma always told him, If theys somethin needs facin, then face it as soon as you can. When he was very young, she always made sure he did. And when he got older, he learned by not following her simple lesson that she had been right all along. Now, he faces what needs facin and faces it right away. Today will be no different.
Abby emerged from their shack, soon followed by her mother. Both wore their blue denim head scarves. Ida stepped between her husband and son as she made her way quickly down the steps of the their porch.
She turned and faced her family. Is everybody ready? she asked, instilling as much sunshine in her voice as she could muster. She isnt looking forward to the day anymore than her husband.
No one answered the shiny question. Zach stood and Cyril stared at his pocket knife. Abby, standing behind her father, watched him.
Lets go! Ida encouraged. She spun and stepped for the bus. She bounced along as if being assisted by springs she pretended to have on the bottom of her shoes.
Abby stepped past her father and followed her mothers lead. Zach stood and Cyril folded his pocket knife and slipped it into his pant pocket. The Washingtons, now strung out and well spaced, are all headed in the right direction, for the bus.
When Ida reached the open door of the bus, she stepped aside and helped her daughter up the first step. She gave her son a pat on the back as he made his way onto the bus. She stepped in front of her husband when he reached her, placed both her hands on his chest, looked up into his eyes, gave him a sweet smile, stood on her toe tips and lightly kissed him on the lips. She then turned and climbed up into the bus. Zach, confidence now pleasantly boosted, followed her aboard. None of them paid the sleeping Hilliard Ferguson, no never mind, as they  moved past and Hill returned the favor, sound asleep behind the wheel.
They took their seats near the middle of the bus, all on one side, just as they normally did.  Abby and her mother paired up and sat in the row behind Cyril and his father. Abby and Cyril got the window seats and their parents took the aisle.
Zach began daydreaming about a non-pickin job. He thought, if things dont go so well today, he may need to move up his plan to look for work in town. He thought about George and his pickup and how he may need a ride sooner than hed planned.
Suddenly, the bus leaned hard to one side and all the Washingtons looked toward the lean to see what was happening. George Wheeler squeezed himself through the open bus door. Both shoulders pressed the limits of the opening. With his knees bent and his head lowered, he managed to keep his bush hat from being brushed from its high perch. He turned sideways and struggled up the next two steps. When he reached the center aisle, the bus righted itself. Clutching his bottle of Florida Water, he stopped next to the sleeping driver and gathered himself. In his pant pocket rode Courage and Fast Luck.
George began to make his way down the narrow center aisle. Moving sideways, he raised and then lowered himself to clear the seatbacks. He grabbed the next seatback with his free hand and pulled himself forward. He repeated the process and slowly sidestepped down the center aisle. The Washingtons all watched the big man in amazement as he slowly made his way toward them. The bus seemed to grow smaller and smaller with every closing inch. Zach is stunned, that once again, when he thinks of the big man, the big man appears.
The picker village began coming to life. Slowly, pickers trudged toward the bus. They came by ones, by twos, by threes and by fours. When they reached the center aisle of the bus, they found it clogged by a slow moving, man mountain. A line began to form behind George and extended well clear of the open bus door.
Mornin, said George, when he got close to where the Washingtons sat. His face wore a scary, frozen smile and his nervous eyes darted from place to place.
Mornin maam, he said to Ida.
Georges nervous eyes searched. His eyes raked across Zach, then Ida, then Abby and then her brother. He looked out the window, then to his feet, then across each of the Washingtons again, then to the bus ceiling. All the while smiling his frozen smile. I came ta give ya a shine, George finally said, looking away, as if he were speaking to no one.
What? asked Zach. He saw the bottle George carried and thought he must be drinking.
George glanced at Zach. Your shoes. Im gonna shine em for ya. Yep. Saw last night they needed some shoe black. Make ya feel better. Shoe black. Shoe blackI,.
As soon as George uttered the words, shoe black, a scary thought entered his twitching brain. He doesnt have any shoe black. Damn!, he thought. He doesnt know if he has any shoe black. He didnt think that he did. Did he? Damn! Damn it!
I mean if you dont want a shine, George backtracked and began to panic.
What? asked Zach, again. What are you asking?
Last night., George stumbled. I meanlast night,
Ida watched George and began to grow fearful. Abby and Cyril stared hard at the giant man and his strange behavior. Neither has ever seen anything like it.
The queuing pickers began to grow restless.
Got damn it! Whats the hold up? someone questioned.
Somebody break down up there? asked another.
Take a seat! Theys all the same! someone else ordered.
Hilliard Ferguson slept on.
Last night. the stormit aint what you think, George struggled. The strange rigid smile had disappeared from his face and his eyes darted relentlessly, more unstable than before. That storm last night. ProvidenceI .think had somethin,
Says I needs your shoes. Says somethin bad be happeninta me I mean. George felt his knees begin to buckle and the bus begin to spin. He tightened his grip on the seatback he clutched.
I needs my shoes, Zach said, growing more worried with Georges behavior. Caint do without em right now.
The storm, Providence, being wired, the lack of sleep, fear, worry, rehearsing too long, imminent failure, it all weighed on George.
The pickers, filling the aisle upstream of George began moving into the few available seats. Some knelt on the bench seats and leaned over the seatbacks to get a better look. Others sat down and twisted themselves around. But everyone that could see, watched. Other pickers moved up to fill any vacant space in the aisle. A few pickers outside the bus stretched and tried to peer through the windows, to see what the problem was.
George felt his stomach begin to turn over. He let go of the seatback and struggled to maintain his footing. He reached into his pant pocket and pulled out the two small, wax paper packages.
These! he said. These needs be in your shoes.
George extended his hand toward Zachs face and held out the small packages. Zach looked at the items, mere inches from his face, unsure as to what he should do. Ida peered over her husbands shoulder to see what George held. Abby, Cyril and the pickers on the bus all stretched to get a look at what George offered.
Enough! George yelled. Ive had enough!
Im, George struggled to get the words out. ..gonna take your shoes.
George staggered back and then forward. With the hand that held the sacred packages, he grabbed at Zachs shirt. He knows he doesnt have much time. His legs grew weaker, the bus spun around him and his stomach churned. With his teeth, he pulled the cork from his bottle and poured out its contents over Zach. Some of it even found the target. He staggered again. Hes about to go down for the count.
A woman standing in the aisle screamed, Hes fallin! Move!
Someone else yelled, Get out the way!
The aisle of the bus cleared like the parting of the Red Sea. Pickers plastered themselves to the  windows. Those standing on the first few steps, near the door of the bus, were pushed out. Everyone was getting as far from George and his impending disaster as they could. And they were doing it posthaste.
George could feel himself begin to go down. He tossed the wax paper packages in the general direction of Zach. A last, desperate, heroic effort. He fell in the direction of the pickers behind him, though he never found the floorboard. His enormous bulk wedged him tightly between the seatbacks and kept him suspended over the floor of the center aisle.
George made his first payment to hell and Providence slept through it all.
The screaming, yelling and general commotion brought Hill from deep sleep to full awake. He sat up, tossed his hat back to the top of his head, pushed in the clutch and hit the ignition.
Im goin. Im goin. Keep yur britches on, Hill said. He popped the clutch and the old bus leapt forward and fortunately, stalled. This caused people on the bus to scream some more and those off the bus to yell in protest.
Hill realized something was amiss. What the hells goin on?! he demanded.
A woman, plastered near one the windows said, You! Thats whats goin on. You fool. With a good amount of disgust she added, If you was payin attention this wouldnt da happen. For some inexplicable reason, she blamed Hill for the happenings on his bus.
When everyone on the bus regained sure footing and those outside repositioned themselves near the doors new location, their attention returned to George, wedged and floating over the center aisle.
Finally, someone said, Well, we aint goin nowhere with this in the way.
Is he dead? someone asked.
No, he aint dead. I can feel his hot breathin on ma leg, another answered.
The pickers mulled the situation over. Several ideas were proposed, including pulling George off the bus with the assistance of butter or bacon grease and a stout rope. Finally, it was decided the men would try to lift George and get him back on his feet. They took up positions in the seat rows adjacent to George, along both sides. It was felt if they put enough manpower on the problem, theyd be able to unclog the aisle.
One of the men near Georges waist called out, One, Two, Three, Lift!
Some men lifted on one, some lifted on two, some lifted on three and some never lifted at all. And their effort failed.
Got damn it! Lift when I says lift. Not when Im countin! the man yelled.
One, Two, Three, Lift!
Everyone lifted on command. George became unstuck and started to rise. The men near his feet and knees had a much easier time than the ones near his waist and shoulders. His feet rose much faster than his head.
Got damn it! We gotta set him on his feet!. Not his head! the man said. George settled back to where he started. If yous on his feet, dont lift. Push!
Ready? One, Two, Three, Go!
Some of the men lifted and some waited for the word, Lift.
Got damn it! Now whats the problem?! exclaimed the man who had taken it upon himself to be their coxswain. A role hes now sorry hed ever taken on.
Some stated they never heard the word, Lift. Their coxswain explained why he substituted Go for Lift. How some needed to push and some needed to lift.
Finally, all the rehearsing paid off. The coxswains call came clean and those who were supposed to, lifted and those on Georges feet, pushed. George began to move. His feet stayed low and his head slowly rose. The lifting Lilliputians strained.
When George neared 45 degrees from horizontal, a woman whod found his bottle of Florida Water under one the seats, leaned forward and emptied the remainder of its contents on Georges face. She thought the wetness and strong smell would help revive him. It seemed to have an effect, the most obvious being, the bus never smelled better.
George was on his feet. A half-dozen men leaned hard against him, keeping him centered over his shoes. Someone lightly tapped George on the face a few times and clasped his jaw and shook. Slowly, he came back to life. They let him recover for a minute or two, and then four of the men led George from the bus. They slowly walked him back to his front porch and set him on one of the ladder-back chairs. Someone knocked on his door, but no one answered. If theyd have had pencil and paper, theyd have left a note on George.
Ida looked to her lap. There sat the two small, wax paper packages. When George tossed them, both found Ida. With all the commotion, she never noticed them heading her way. She picked up both and examined them. She held them up to the dim light of the bus window, trying to see what they held. But the opaque wax paper and low light hid the contents.
She thought hard about what should be done. Finally, she put the packages in her hand, leaned forward, extended her hand around the seatback in front of her and whispered in her husbands ear, Put these in your shoes, Zacharias Washington.


39

Will Reilly sped down the dirt road, quickly taking him deeper into the grove. He has things to do and he needs to do them before the bus drops the pickers off. He wants to get there before the bus arrives.  He can barely make out the dirt road through the dim morning light and his dark glasses, even with his headlights on. But he kept his foot firmly on the gas pedal.
Wills running late because he had to stop by the plant to use their mimeograph machine. In his head, hes rehearsed his plan. Numerous times. He went through each step, memorizing, to make sure he wouldnt miss a single one. Step one was to make copies of the document he needed and step two lay strait ahead.
Will thought he saw the trucks. Yes, he did see them. This is it. Three Bluebird flatbeds sat parked along the side of the road, their beds stacked high with empty citrus boxes.
Will locked up the tires on his truck and skidded to a stop. He picked up a file from the bench seat, opened it and pulled one of the copies hed made. He stuck the sheet of paper, still slightly damp and smelling of the chemicals that made it, under the metal clamp of his clipboard. He grabbed the map hed marked the previous night and got out of the truck.
The flatbed drivers, still sitting in their cabs, decided to get out when they saw the angry arrival of the pale blue pickup.
Will saw only the three trucks and no bus. He marched toward the first truck in the row and its driver, now loosening the tie-downs on his load.
Can you read? Will asked loudly as he approached the man. The other drivers watched, sure something bad is about to happen.
What do mean? asked the man, as if he had somehow missed a No Parking sign nearby.
Can you read this? Will asked, extending his clipboard towards the man and marching closer.
When Will got close enough, the driver looked at the clipboard, finally reaching and taking it from Wills hand. The driver examined the writing on the paper, the clipboard held.
Sure. No problem, he said and began reading aloud the title and list of names and addresses off the paper.
Good. Good. Thats enough, Will said. You can read.
We got a private pick to do, Will told the driver. He unfolded his map and pointed at the route hed marked off. Were here and Lake Worthington is here, said Will, pointing first to where they stood and then to a blue lake on the map.
You know where this is? Lake Worthington? Will asked, keeping his index finger on the blue lake.
Mmmm..yeah. Think I do, said the driver. Think I been fishin there before. May a got run off though. Its hard to remember. Seem to get run off a lot, he said, giving Will an uneasy laugh.
So you can find it? From here? asked Will.
Sure. No problem, said the driver. Can I keep the map?
Yeah. Sure. Take the map. Will hesitated, Ill need it back when youre done though.
The addresses on the list are all right in here, said Will, swirling his finger around a small area of the map.
Okay. So.keep your load strapped down. Ill find you some pickers to take with you. What I need you to do is..mmmmI dont knowdrop, say.six to ten boxes off at each of the addresses, said Will, pulling the piece of paper from the clipboard and handing it to the driver. And leave the pickers to do their thing.
The driver shook his head, okay, and Will turned and headed back for his pickup.
He climbed back into his truck and thought how easy step one and two had been. On to step three. He watched in his review mirror for the picker bus. Keep your cool and promise the man whatever it takes, he thought. Promise him whatever it takes to get him to say yes. Cause whatever you promise, dont matter anyhow.
Will saw headlights approaching from back up the dirt road he watched in his mirror. He couldnt tell if its another flatbed or the bus. The headlights grew closer and Will could make out the powder blue cab of the vehicle in the dim morning light. The truck finally pulled off the road and parked in the line of flatbed trucks. Behind it, a single headlight burned in the distance. Will watched.
The picker bus passed by Wills truck and parked ahead of the first flatbed. The bus light went out and its engine went silent. The bus door opened and no one got out. Will watched the open door of the bus and wondered what was happening. Maybe this Washington fellow is not even on the bus, he thought.
Finally, a single picker emerged from the bus. A few moments later, two more got off. Then another. Soon, a steady stream flowed through the open door. Most headed for the flatbed trucks. Will watched. A few stopped near the first truck, its driver standing nearby. A few words were exchanged and the pickers moved on.
Through his truck window, Will watched. He lowered his dark, fighter pilot sunglasses and peered over the top. Is that the man?, he thought. Will concentrated on his suspect. Its hard to tell. He tried to remember some physical characteristic that set him apart. None came to mind. And all the pickers wore the same clothing, including the women and children. Dark, baggy workpants and light colored cotton, long sleeves shirts. They all looked the same to Will.
Wills suspect stood near one of the flatbeds. A picker handed him a box from the truck, then handed him another. The suspect handed a box to a child, then another child, then one to a woman. The man took two boxes himself and headed off into the grove.
Damn! Hes getting away, Will thought. He pushed his sunglasses back up his nose, grabbed his empty clipboard, got out of his pickup and headed for the trucks.
Will stood near the trucks, arms crossed, holding his empty clipboard to his chest. He acted like he was watching the unloading, but he only watched for Zach Washington. When he saw him emerge from the grove, he casually moved so he could track him and not have his view blocked by the trucks.
When Zach neared one of the trucks to take more boxes, Will called out, Washington!
Will was somewhat relieved when Zach looked his way. In reality, all the pickers looked his way.
Got a minute? Will hollered.
Zach hesitated and took a deep breath. He gathered himself and moved around the truck that separated him from Will.
Got a minute? Will repeated when Zach drew near.
Zach shook his head yes and kept, what he felt, was a safe distance from the crew boss.
Got a job you may be interested in, said Will. Companys been hired to do a private pick. Pick the trees in some peoples yards in an old grove. Thought you may be interested.
I can pay you forty-cent a box. Thats better than you get here, Will added. He waited to see if the bait in his trap is drawing any interest.
Zach watched the ground during Wills sales pitch. He looked directly at Wills sunglasses and stated, Forty-cent.
Yeah. Yeah. Forty-cent a box, Will eagerly said. He hesitated and added, Thought this may make up a bit for yesterday. Words he regretted saying as soon as hed said them. He realized bringing up yesterday may not be such a good idea at a time like this. A time when he needed to lure the man closer and not agitate him.
Zach thought about the offer. Forty-cent a box is better than hes getting here. And anyway, he really didnt want to be here today. What if he said no? What would happen then? Is he really being given a choice here? He didnt think the man behind the sunglasses gave a rats ass about making up for yesterday. Probably just wants to separate me from the others, so there wont be no countin out loud, he thought. Zach didnt think he had much of an obligation to be lookin out for the others. Certainly cant be doin it everyday, he told himself.
Wheres this pick? questioned Zach.
Its not farits   Hey! Bring the map! Will yelled to the driver, waving for him to come over.
The driver came and handed Will his map. Will took it and repeated his explanation on where they stood and where the neighborhood is located, swirling his finger around a small area of the map, near Lake Worthington.
Zach looked at the map. He doesnt know the area and looking at the map helped very little, though it didnt seem far away. He thought about the offer.
I got my family with me, Zach finally said.
Sure. Sure. Not a problem, Will said eagerly. He half heartedly folded the map and handed it back to the driver. Take em with you. Not a problem at all. 
So, youll do it then? asked Will.
Zach thought some more. Forty-cent a box? he questioned.
Forty-Cent. Not a problem, said Will, realizing the mans about to take his bait.
Zach hesitated. Okay. Yeah. Ill do it, he finally said.
Good. Good, said Will. He turned to the driver, Be sure to take a couple of ladders with you. Dont need no screw-ups now.
With step three complete, Will walked back to his pickup. He climbed in and set his clipboard down. He watched the pickers and their driver. He watched them load the ladders and he watched as five people struggled to squeeze into the small cab.
He watched everything to make sure they got off alright.
The pale blue flatbed, loaded for its special mission, crept forward. It pulled onto the dirt road and after several attempts at turning around, crawled back up the road, leaving the grove behind. Two ladders, sixty boxes, four pickers and one driver gave the truck all it could handle.
Will stepped from his pickup and watched the flatbed slowly move away. He watched until there was nothing left to see.
Forty-cent a box, thought Will. Dream on dumb ass.
Will has no intention of paying Zach Washington a thing. If his plan panned out, theyd be dropped off, pick all day and hell make sure no one picks them up that night.
Night, thought Will. Thats when the real fun is going to begin. Step four, five, six and however many more steps natures gonna add to his plan. Wander around that neighborhood after dark and theyll get out by the skin of their teeth. The dark skin of their shiny white teeth. See how they like that. Pick your asses off. Cause you aint gonna be around and everyone of them boxes is goin on my ticket, Will told himself.
Hes sure hes seen the last of his picker with an attitude, named Washington. A man whos about to receive an attitude adjustment like no other. Wills stomach reminded him hed missed breakfast. He climbed back into his truck, hit the ignition and shifted into first gear. He spun his truck around and accelerated up the dirt road.
Willis Reilly, purveyor of misfortune, headed off in search of a purveyor of donuts. Hopefully, hell find some with the fine white powder coating he likes so very much.
40

The Washingtons watched as the empty truck pulled away. They watched until it disappeared around a slight bend in the road and slid behind trees that blocked their view. Then, Abby, Cyril and Ida turned and looked to their father and husband.
With the help of their driver, they had distributed empty orange crates through the neighborhood. The driver drove and Ida road shotgun, reading from the list of addresses and searching for matching numbers as they crept down the road. Zach, Abby and Cyril rode perched on the back edge of the flatbed, taking it all in. When they found an address that matched, they dropped 10 empty boxes in the front yard. They had nowhere near enough boxes to complete the list and only made it about a third of the way down. Sixty empty boxes didnt take them very far. Their driver insisted hed return with another load of empties.
Every November, the Bluebird Citrus Company distributes fliers and contract forms throughout the neighborhood. Those who want to sign up to have their citrus trees picked clean, simply sign the contract and mail it back to the company. Quite a few people sign up every year, including several owners of homeless lots. The Krebs household usually signs up. Mr. Krebs says its not a lot, but its enough to pay the taxes.
On their slow ride through the neighborhood, Ida admired the immaculate lawns and well kept houses. She saw oak trees and orange trees, manicured grass and houses that seemed to compete with one another. The next one, better than the last. She always imagined heaven would look something like this. Two things she didnt see were dirt and people and she looked for both. It seemed they had the place to themselves. A slice of heaven, entirely to themselves.
Zach examined the orange trees as they slowly rode by. Plenty of trees and plenty of fruit. And the oranges seemed good size too. But the trees looked different than the ones hes used to. Theyre taller, with few low hanging limbs. And there are few oranges that Abby or Cyril can reach. Itd slow their picking down considerably.
Cyril, anchored next to his father during the unloading, caught glimpses of the large body of water between houses and trees. Bodies of water are magic for young boys and Cyril hoped theyd get a chance to check it out and maybe even go in.
Wellguess we best get started, Zach said to his audience. May as well start right here.
He picked up one of the long, straight wooden ladders and moved for the closest orange tree. His family watched him. Finally, Ida motioned for Cyril to help her and they picked up the second ladder and leaned it against the opposite side of the tree Zach had chosen.
Zach took an empty burlap sack and placed its burlap strap over his head and across his shoulder. He began to climb his ladder, then stopped.
Guess I shouldnt need to say this, he said. I want everyone to stick close. Stick close together. No wanderin off, he added, looking at Abby and Cyril especially.
Everyones ta stick close by me today. Everyone, Zach said sternly. And at all times.
Though Ida didnt see people in the neighborhood and thought they had the place to themselves, Zach knew there to be plenty of hidden eyes watching their every move.


41

Charles examined the empty citrus boxes scattered across one corner of his front yard. It seemed a fortuitous find and his mind whirred as he figured how best to utilize the wooden treasures.
He finally climbed into one of the boxes, stood and thought some more. He folded himself up like an aluminum lawn chair and squeezed into one half of the box. The wood reinforcement that divided the box in two, pressed against his right shoulder and back. The only thing that kept his knees from touching his chin were his binoculars, trapped in the pocket formed by his chest and knees. He couldnt move and he couldnt utilize his binoculars.
He thought the space too confining and potentially dangerous. If CJ Greer ever found him like this, hed be completely defenseless. And stuck like this, he couldnt keep an eye out. He couldnt even use his binoculars to keep an eye out. And today of all days he couldnt afford a surprise visit from CJ. If she showed, hed need to be ready.
Charles struggled, but managed to extricate himself from the confining space. He climbed out and thought some more on what should be done with the boxes.
A fort. Of course, its perfect. Hed be able to hide behind its walls, defend when necessary and if CJ did show, he would deny her access.
Charles looked around to make sure hed be safe during the construction process. He removed the shoestring strap from around his neck and set his binoculars down nearby. He began building the four walls of his fort. He dragged the boxes together, using two for each wall and ended up with a perfect square. He adjusted the boxes, making sure he left no space in between. He had two boxes left and thought about what else could be done.
He dragged one of the spare boxes close to his fort wall. Struggling mightily, he managed to get one end up onto the top of the wall. With one end placed, he devoted himself to the other end and managed to slide the box up and into place. He repeated the struggle with the last box and now, one of the corners of his fort stood two boxes high. He chose one of the corners that faced the road, because he thought it the most likely direction an attack may come.
Charles picked up his binoculars and climbed over the walls of his fort. He laid down on the grass of his very own parade grounds and stretched out. He thought his fort quite roomy and he stretched out completely.
He sat up and thought about what else his fort could do. He placed his binoculars at the bottom of one the boxes and considered if theyd be safe. He moved them to another box. He slid one of the boxes at the high corner of his fort. He slid it just enough so he could place his binoculars into the box below and then slid the upper box back in place, hiding his binoculars. Perfect, he thought. No one is smart enough to look in there.
But he needed his binoculars. Its time to do a perimeter check and to do it properly, he needed the binoculars. Charles removed them from their hiding place.
Crouching low behind the walls of his fort, he peered out at his neighborhood through the upper ocular of his binoculars, keeping an eye out. Moving slowly and carefully and being sure to stay low, he slowly sidestepped the perimeter of the fort on his knees. When he reached the high wall portion, he stood and stretched. He made careful observations. He made sure he didnt see any girls in summer play dresses. Satisfied with his check, he sat down on the grass.
If he had a logbook, a watch and knew how to tell time, hed have recorded that at such and such a time, no threats were observed.
Charles hunkered down in his fort. He didnt feel like taking any adventures today. Hed stick close to home, safe in his own yard. His fort made him feel safer still.
He worried about yesterday. What had happened. What had happened to Beethoven. He couldnt remember. Not all of it. Hed slept long and hard last night and hadnt woke until late morning. His deep sleep made yesterday seem a long way off.
His mother seemed quiet today. She said nothing about yesterday. Not a word about Gatorland. Sara was quiet too. His whole house seemed eerily quiet. Charles wondered what it may mean.
He felt weak and vulnerable. He knew CJ Greer and he knew shed try to hunt him down. He couldnt afford an encounter with CJ. Not today. Hed be an unworthy adversary, the way hes feeling.
He thought about Monty. If Monty came by, hed let his friend into the fort. Charles decided to see if Monty was out and to make sure CJ wasnt.  Charles got up on his knees and crouched low. He peered out, looking for his sometimes dog through the good half of his binoculars. He worked his way around the perimeter of his fort, searching.
When he reached the high corner of his fort and looked down the asphalt road, he saw something that froze him where he stood. Froze him like hed been freeze dried.
Colored people! And lots of em!
Charles managed to defrost himself and duck behind his fort wall. He crouched as low as he could get.
Charles has never seen real colored people in real life. Hes seen em on TV, on the 6 oclock news, but never in real life. Colored people have been in the news a lot lately, one man especially. Charles couldnt remember the mans name and the only thing he knew about the man was he liked to march. Hed asked his mother about the man. Asked her why people hated him so much. His mother told him she didnt know, it just seemed whenever the man showed up, trouble did too.
Charles thought trouble was headed his way. He wondered if the man, whose name he couldnt remember, was about to assault his fort. He mustered up some of his dwindling supply of courage, stood and peered down the road through his trusty lens.
The vision almost knocked him from his bare feet. He staggered. More colored people than hed seen before! And they carried ladders! Theyd easily be able to breech the walls of his fort. And the man hed seen on TV, there he was, leading the way. And theyre headed straight for him!
Charles dropped again to the grass. He had a decision to make. Stand and fight or withdraw. He correctly chose flee over fight. He took a deep breath, made sure the shoestring strap of his binoculars was secure around his neck, gathered up the last of the his courage and leapt from the confines of his fort.
When he leapt, he looked toward the assaulting army. Theyre much closer than they appeared through his lens. This caused adrenalin to flow and he accelerated away.
Cyril noticed someone had moved the empty citrus boxes. He saw an object moving along the top edge of one of the boxes. The object disappeared and then reappeared. He was watching closely, so when the small white boy flushed from his covey, Cyril was the first to spot him.
Look! Cyril hollered.
His father stuck out his hand, signaling everyone should stop and they all did. Cyril and his mother carried one ladder and his father carried the other. Abby carried the burlap sacks, all four straps across her shoulder. All saw, whatever it was, streak across the road and disappear into some shrubs on the other side.
So, Ida thought, people do live here. Cyril noticed it was clasping something big and black with both hands near its waist. Abby noticed the strange way it moved its legs, almost bouncing, with its knees high and its back, straight as a board. She thought it must have been hit by a car at some point in its life.
Zach didnt know what it was. But whatever it was, he thought, it was pretty damn fast.


42

Charles moved from bush to bush and tree to tree, kept well clear of the road and tried to keep himself hidden. He made his way for Mr. Rakes yard, periodically scanning his surroundings, before moving on to the next shrub or tree trunk.
When he finally stumbled onto the old mans property, he didnt see Mr. Rake, but he did see more boxes. Ten empty citrus crates sat in a jagged line near the road. Charles decided to do what any good retreating soldier would do when presented with the opportunity to rebuild his defenses and make another stand.
Charles rebuilt his fort. He dragged each box away from the road, making sure the coast was clear every time he dragged one away. This time, he didnt make the mistake of building it near the road, out in the open. He built it near the base of a large oak tree, making sure the tree trunk hid his structure from the road. He built an exact replica of his first fort, thinking it fort perfection.
When he finished, he climbed in, hid his binoculars in the replicated safe place and stretched out on the grass. He felt pretty secure in his new fort and its new, better location. Away from the road, hidden behind a large oak in Mr. Rakes yard. But the building, fleeing and building again had worn Charles out and he drifted off to a nap.
When Charles woke, he found the man from the 6 oclock news, whose name he couldnt remember, standing over him. Of course their eyes met, Charles turning to saucers. Each wondered what the others next move would be. Charles decided his next move should look very much like his most recent move. Lie stock still, spread eagle on the floor of his fort, hoping he looked like green grass.
Gees, thought Charles, looking up at the man, this guy is worse than CJ.
Zach nodded and proceeded to shear the entire upper wall of Charles fort off, exposing his binoculars in their safe place. He carried away two of the empty citrus boxes. Zach met Cyril and Abby and handed off the boxes, telling them hed be the one to retrieve those that remained.
Charles sat up and saw his new arch nemesis returning to finish what hed started, the complete destruction of his fort. Oh yeah, this guys much worse than CJ, Charles told himself. And his mothers right, hes trouble too.
He grabbed his binoculars from their not so safe hiding place and secured its shoestring to his neck. Charles leapt from the remains of his fort and high stepped it to the nearest shrub. He bounced through several of Mr. Rakes flower beds, brutally crushing flowers along the way, something he normally would never do. In times of war, we all have to make sacrifices.
Charles moved stealthily, but Cyril watched him the whole time. He wondered about the black object the strange boy carried. He watched as Charles approached the last decent size piece of vegetation, near the white sand beach of the lake.
From behind his shrub camouflage, Charles peered out at the coverless beach. Nothing to hide behind, thought Charles. Nothing but open ground between him and his next safe place. He knew he couldnt hide behind the shrub for long. He could hear the colored people, they must be close by. Hed have to make a run for it and he hoped they werent looking when he did.
Charles leapt from the bush and bounced out into the open. Hed seen a movie where a fleeing soldier zigzagged, so those firing at him wouldnt have an easy target. He thought the technique a good one and decided to use it on his run across the open beach. Charles bounced from side to side. He even turned in a circle once, backtracking, hoping to throw his pursuers off, if there were any. His feet finally found Mr. Rakes dock, touching down only once in order to clear the barrier. He bounced a few more times and disappeared behind some vegetation and onto the overgrown lot next door.
Zach and his family set in on picking Mr. Rakes miniature grove. The Rake grove consists of ten Valencia orange trees split in two rows. Hud Rake looks forward to picking day. Its his final exam. If his yield is greater than last years, then he passes. If not, he fails. Number of boxes divided by number of trees. Yield lets him know if hes still got it. If hes still a top grower. On picking day, he doesnt like to be out and about in his yard. Its too stressful for him. He waits on the results of his final exam indoors, a place almost as stressful.
All the Washingtons, but one, focused in on Mr. Rakes trees and the oranges they held. Cyril is drawn to the lake. Its the closest theyve been all day and he can get a good look at it now. It fascinates him. Its big and clear. Beneath its placid surface is a world of discovery and hes sure the fishing is excellent. The peculiar white boy, carrying the black object, is a sideshow. Cyril watched him on the beach and wondered about his problem. Cyril thought the boy must be having an attack of some sort. Spaz attack he thinks its called. Or maybe a bee is after him.


43

Charles set himself up at the base of the oak tree he often visits. Before he sat down, he checked the path leading out to the main road, to make sure CJ wasnt on it.
With his back to the tree, he bent his knees to provide a stand for his binoculars. Clasping one ocular with his knees, he leaned forward and looked into the upper one. He gazed at the opposite shore of the lake, seeing what could be seen.
He spotted the dog he likes to watch. Hes finally out, Charles thought. He watched the dog stare up at the sky, then leap into the air and try to grab something with its mouth. The dog contorted his body in strange ways with every leap and always landed with its mouth empty. Charles couldnt see the dragon flies that hovered overhead.
A big, black crow landed on Mr. Rakes dock and noisily announced its arrival. It cawed loudly, letting everyone know something special had arrived. It strutted and cawed and wouldnt stop until everyone gave proper notice.
Charles, focused on his dog, resisted the first few noisy calls, but finally gave in. He pulled back from his binoculars and looked to see what the commotion was about. He spotted the big black bird and the bird saw him. It cawed again and again.
Charles pulled the binoculars from between his knees and aimed them at the bird. It kept up its hollering. Charles watched the bird through his lens. Its big and black, so black some of its feathers gave off a false blue reflection. It strutted and moved in a herky-jerky way, making it difficult for Charles to keep at the center of his optical instrument.
Cyril watched the big crow too.
The bird strutted down the dock. It stopped and focused on something near its feet. Charles watched. A small, vivid green strip lay near the birds feet. Charles adjusted the focus wheel on his binoculars, trying to make out the green strip.
Its a chameleon. A bright, lime green chameleon sat at the birds feet, its bright green contrasting sharply with the dull brown of the dock.
Charles thought this odd. Hes been around long enough to know the lizard should have switched to brown if it had any desire to live. Switched to brown long ago. He watched the crow, sure it would snatch the lizard up at any moment.
The crow watched the chameleon and the chameleon watched the crow. Suddenly, the small lizard began doing pushups, treating the crow like it was one its own, just another chameleon that had wandered too close. Up-down, up-down went the chameleon. Sometimes it stopped, held itself in the up position and flashed its blood red dewlap. Then it did more pushups, letting the crow know, its so tough it could do this forever.
Charles watched. He thought the chameleons efforts, as heroic as they may be, were futile. The chameleon didnt know who it was messing with, a very large crow thats about to turn the lizard to lunch.
The crow gave the agitated lizard one last look, then turned and walked away.
Charles pulled the binoculars from his eye, surprised the big, black bird had backed down. He watched the crow strut the length of the dock. When it reached the end of the dock, near deep water, it spread its blue-black wings and leapt for the sky. Charles watched it fly away.
That has to be the worlds luckiest lizard, thought Charles. The crow must have already eaten its lunch. Its the only explanation he could come up with, dismissing the lizards heroic efforts.
With the crow gone, Charles attention returned to the bright green chameleon. It lay on the dock exactly where Charles first saw it, never having given an inch to the crow. Charles rose and headed for the dock and the chameleon. His interest in the tiny, bright green and very brave lizard made him forget the people pursuing him, worked nearby.
When Charles reached the chameleon, he squatted to get a closer look. The chameleon cocked its head and let its roving eye examine the next adversary. Charles knelt and leaned over to get a closer look. His binoculars, shoestring around his neck, settled onto the dock, standing upright. The chameleon began doing its pushups again, convinced the threatening technique would work on Charles just as it did the crow.
Charles is no crow with a full belly and hes taken many chameleons before. Once, hed gotten one to latch onto his nose, a task more difficult than one would think. He had to hold the lizard so close to his nose, he couldnt see it at all. It took a lot of cajoling to get the lizard to take the bait. When it finally did, the tiny bite startled Charles, who couldnt see it coming. He had to take the lizard inside, to the bathroom mirror, to get a good look at his new nose with a lizard securely attached to his left nostril. He held his face close to the mirror and admired the adornment on his nose. Surely, the lizard felt differently about the adornment attached to its lip. Charles decided to see how much speed the lizard could take and both went back outside. Charles ran wind sprints through the neighborhood, testing the chameleons ability to handle wind drag forces. He ran and tested until he grew tired of running and tired of having a lizard attached to his nose. But the lizard didnt want to let go and he had to seek the assistance of his mother to remove it. When he told his mother, I cant get this off my nose, she winced and refused to touch the lizard and told him he was on his own. Charles had to wait for the jaws of the small creature to tire. The thing turned out to have a greater amount of endurance than he ever imagined. And he doesnt do stupid stuff like that anymore.
Charles reached for the athletic little lizard. When his hand got close, the chameleon ducked into a roomy crack between two deck planks. Charles stuck his fingers into the crack, determined to drive the chameleon from its hiding place. When his fingers got close to the lizards tail, it scurried forward, never leaving the space between the planks. It reached the edge of the dock and leapt onto a nearby piling, turned and hurried down the stout post until it could go no further. When it reached water, it turned and watched for its pursuer.
Charles looked down at the small, bright green chameleon, sure it is now trapped between water and the hand that will soon be approaching from above. Charles crept forward. With his right hand firmly clasping the docks edge, he opened his left and slowly lowered it towards the waiting chameleon. He leaned and stretched. His hand scraped along the dock piling, moving slowly, like the blade of a tiny bulldozer, creeping closer and blocking the lizards escape.
Charles moved his knees forward. When he did, he knocked his binoculars from the edge of the dock. The binoculars fell toward the water and the shoestring strap pulled hard on his neck. The binoculars and the shoestring, now taught, yanked him from his precarious perch. Charles tumbled into the water, headfirst.
The bright green chameleon, escape path now cleared, hurried up the piling. When the chameleon reached the pilings flat top, it turned and closed its eyes. Slowly, its bright green became dull, then dull green became gray. Soon enough, the lizards skin perfectly matched the brown piling, making it invisible to all those passing nearby.

44

Charles has no fear of water. Hes been in and around it all his life and he loves the stuff, always being drawn to it, no matter the source. So when he tumbled, headfirst off the dock, his only concern was hed just gotten his clothes very wet.
Instinct took over. His arms and legs sprang into action, activated by the water. They pumped furiously, performing the only stroke he knows, the dog paddle. The dog paddling turned him upright in the water column. His binoculars now acted as an anchor and pulled him toward the lake bottom. Charles, eyes wide open, looked for the surface. He pumped his arms and legs harder and managed to slow his descent.
The shoestring strap around his neck tethered him to the binoculars. Charles never thought to remove the strap from his neck. His mind considered the familiar object a part of him. His eyes focused on finding the surface. He held his breath, searched and paddled. Hands and arms swept past the shoestring strap, each stroke passing perilously close. Muscles burned off his precious supply of oxygen. Then, his right hand came too close to the shoestring. It wrapped around his wrist. Every upward stroke now relayed the weight of the binoculars to his wrist and every one downward, pulled at his neck. The shoestring managed to gain another hold, this time on his forearm. The tiny boa squeezing hard and constricting tighter with each desperate, flailing stroke. His left arm pumped furiously, with his right held tight by the tangled mass of shoestring. Driven by his uneven and desperate strokes, Charles rolled onto his back. Slowly, he descended and settled at the bottom of the lake.
He could see a small circle of light directly overhead and he could see the pale blue sky. His lungs burned and he held his mouth tight shut. His body began to convulse and twitch as it desperately tried to inhale, being denied by willpower alone. Then, Charles did the only thing he could. He opened his mouth and inhaled deeply. Water flowed into his lungs and his body convulsed one last time, arching his back violently and tossing his head to one side. The hand of his free arm extended upwards, towards the small circle of light and blue sky above.
Charles Tyndel Krebs, possessor of great speed and perpetual motion, was finally still.


45

Cyril, standing at the base of the ladder on which his father stood, watched the goofy white boy tumble into the water. He envied the boys freedom. The boy could do as he pleased and go swimming anytime he wanted. Hes jealous the boy has such a grand body of water all his own.
Cyril watched the lake and waited for the boy to come up. When the white boy didnt show, Cyril thought he must be an excellent swimmer, one who could hold his breath and swim great distances underwater.
Cyril expanded his search area and waited for the boy to surface. He watched the area under the dock, thinking maybe the boy swam there. He became concerned. The surface of the lake was pretty calm. No disturbances anywhere. He didnt know anyone who could hold their breath that long.
Daddy, Cyril said quietly. Daddy, I think the white boys in trouble, he added with concern. He looked up for his father, picking oranges above.
His father, concentrating on picking and filling his burlap sack said, Im sure he can take of his self.
Cyril watched the surface of the lake. His eyes searched for a disturbance. He worried the white boy wasnt taking care of his self at all.
I think he drowned Daddy! Cyril hollered. Hes in the lake! And he didnt come up!
Zach looked down at his son. What? he asked.
I think he drowned! Cyril repeated.
Zach dropped the sack full of oranges from his shoulder and let it slide down his arm. He caught it with his hand and held it for Cyril to take. Zack took one step down the ladder and jumped to the ground.
Whered he go in? asked Zach, looking to the lake.
Ida handed her daughter a burlap sack, half full of oranges and hurried down the ladder.
There! By the dock! Cyril shouted, pointing. I thought he jumped in. But I think he fell.
Come on. Show me, said Zach, looking toward the dock. He began to run for the beach. Come on.
Zach and Cyril ran for the beach and Abby and her mother followed.
Zach stopped at the waters edge and Cyril ran for the dock. He went in over here! yelled Cyril, still running.
Cyril ran down the dock to where he thought Charles had gone in. Zach quickly caught up and both looked over the edge of the dock, searching.
Zach spotted the boys body. The clear water and pale skin over the dark vegetation at the bottom of the lake made Charles body easy to see, if you knew where to look. Zack worried how hes going to get the boy out. He doesnt know how to swim. He tried to judge the waters depth and couldnt.
Ida and Abby made their way down the dock. Both saw the pale image at the bottom of the lake.
Zach sat himself down on the edge of the dock. He lowered himself into the water. He spun around and hung from the edge of the dock with both hands. The cool water registered on his skin. He moved his hands along the docks edge until he reached the closest piling.
Zach moved himself onto the piling and held on tight with his legs and both arms. He looked to where he remembered the boy to be and couldnt see anything. Ida watched her husband with great concern. She didnt know how to swim either. Cyril and Abby both watched their father.
Zach let go of the piling with one of his hands and used it to search, blindly, below the surface. He found nothing. He looked again for the boy. He took a deep breath and stuck his head under water. He opened his eyes and found what he looked for.
Zach surfaced and thought. He reminded himself not to panic. He took a deep breath, lowered his head and shimmied down the piling. He lowered himself until his shoes touched bottom. Underwater, he looked for the boy again. He unwrapped his legs from the piling. Zach extended himself toward Charles. Now, only one hand clung desperately to the post. He spread his shoes wide and leaned for the small, pale object. He let go of the piling altogether, leaned and made a desperate swipe at the boy. His hand snagged the shoestring and he pulled Charles toward him.
With both shoes on the lake bottom, his eyes now searched for the piling. Its his only way out. He found it. Zach extended an arm for the post and with both feet, pushed himself toward it. His hand latched onto the shaft and he quickly wrapped his free arm and both legs firmly to it. He shimmied back up the piling and soon his head was free of the water.
Zach inhaled deeply. I got him, he breathed. I got him. He lifted his hand, holding the shoestring, up toward the dock. Can ya reach it?
Ida, Abby and Cyril all reached for the string. Can ya pull him out? Zach asked from below, still breathing hard.
Being pulled by shoestring, binoculars and an arm, Charles rose from the water. Zach pushed from below and Charles landed on the dock.
Zach took a couple of deep breaths and thought how best to get back up on the dock. He moved for the edge of the decking. With both hands clasping the deck, he pulled himself up and pushed his way onto the dock. Water pulled at him as he rose from the lake. It seemed to weigh on him as if it didnt want him to leave and wasnt going to give him up. It saturated his clothing and filled his shoes, weighing him down and requiring all his strength to make it onto the wooden deck.
Zach rolled over, took a deep breath and squeegeed the water from his face and nose. Is he breathin? asked Zach, lying on his back, his hand covering his face. Ida moved for her husband.
He aint breathin, but his eyes is open, said Cyril, kneeling and hovering over Charles. Abby moved closer to get a look.
Ida knelt over Zach. Im alright, Zach said. Im alright. He rolled over and pushed himself from the dock and up onto his feet.
Come on. We aint done, said Zach, moving for Charles. Zach grabbed the boy by both ankles, jerked him off the dock and ran toward the beach. When he reached sand, he stopped and began pumping Charles lifeless body up and down, determined to pump the water from the boy.
The pumping yielded very little water.
Charles swung like a puppet being punished by its puppeteer. His head bobbed and one arm swung wildly. The binoculars held tight to his right arm and neck, tangled with shoestring. Zach jerked the boy up and down. Ida and her children watched, standing in a tight circle in front of Charles. They watched for water and for life in the boys face.
Zach stopped pumping. Get that thing off him!  he demanded.
Ida moved forward and knelt in the sand. She picked at the tangled mess of shoestring and pulled at the binoculars. I caint get this off, she said quietly, still picking and pulling.
Cyril pulled his pocket knife and stepped forward. He deftly cut the shoestring and cut it again. The binoculars loosened and Ida began untangling the mess. Soon, the binoculars came free and dropped to the sand. The remnants of the shoestring fell from the boys neck.
Ida removed the last of the shoestring from Charles wrist. She looked at the face of the boy for signs of life and thought the young of white folk to be very tiny.
Zach began pumping again and Ida stepped back. Zack jerked Charles up and down, harder than ever, desperate to bring the boy back. The water refused to come free.
He realized their situation. The dangerous situation hed put them in. They cant be caught holding no dead white boy. Not here. Not anywhere. And it aint just him now. His wife and children will be dragged into it. No, they cant be caught holdin no dead white boy.
Zach stopped pumping and looked to his wife. Why dont the water come out?! he desperately asked. If they aint no water in there, why aint he breathin?
Zach started pumping again, refusing to give up. He began thinking. Thinking of a way out. He couldnt come up with one because there wasnt one. He thought of tossing the boy back, but if anyone saw him, then theyd have no chance. No chance at all. No, theres no way out.
He stopped pumping and looked to Ida. He dropped his arms and the boys head, shoulders and hands settled onto the hard, packed sand of the beach.
Ida. I need you to take Abby and Cyril away, Zach said quietly. Just go. Take them and go. Get as far from here as you can.


46

Ida has no intention of running. Shes not a runner. Not anymore.
The last time she ran was almost 12 years ago and she swore, after that night, she would not do it again. That night, so long ago, has stuck with her always.
Nearly 12 years ago, Ida found herself alone and pregnant. At least, she thought she was pregnant and she was sure she was alone. Her period would not come and with each passing day, she became more convinced. Nausea and sickness came, but no period. The sickness would come out of nowhere and move on just as quickly.
Seventeen years old and scared, she told no one, not even her mother. Zach had gone off to work on a barge in the port of Jacksonville. He didnt know and she had no way of telling him. She worried if she did tell him, he wouldnt come back. Not to her. He may come back for another, but not for her.
Her period never came and sleep rarely did either. Her mind tortured her and told her of the future. Her future, alone. Shunned by her mother, her town and without Zach.
She remembers the nights. Nights were always the worst. It hid everything. Everything but her problem. The darkness cloaked anything that may have distracted her, even for a second. It left her alone. Alone to think and think she did.
One night, a particularly bad night, deep into the early morning hours, she thought until she finally managed to turn anxiety to panic. Then, she ran. She ran from her home and from her mother. And she ran from her problem, as if it wouldnt be fast enough to catch her. She ran for the Saint Johns River.
Idas never told anyone of that night. Shes thought about what it was that drew her to the river. Shes struggled with it and has always stumbled over the truth of it. She cant swim and rarely went in the river. The few times shes been in its waters, it never came past her knees. Shes told herself many things about that night, but never the truth.
Idas told herself it was for Zach. Palatka sits on the banks of the Saint Johns River. The river moves past the small, isolated town on its way to Jacksonville, far to the north, where it empties into the Atlantic. Jacksonville, where Zach was, shes told herself, as if the river would have connected them somehow. Shes told herself thats why she ran for the river that night.
Ida ran through the streets and the darkness. She ran across railroad tracks and into a neighborhood she shouldnt have been. She ran until she exhausted herself. She ran until she couldnt. Until the running stopped her cold.
Ida walked out of the neighborhood where she shouldnt have been and walked through the doors of the Bethel A.M.E. Church. There, she curled up on a hard pew and slept as if it were goose down.
Reverend Rice found her in the morning. He always enters through the churchs unlocked front doors and walks the center aisle of the nave, on the way to his office. And he always checks to see what the night may have delivered. When he found Ida, he didnt wake her. He entered the pew where she slept, quietly moved past and took a seat nearby. He found a hymnal and casually perused the pages while Ida slept.
When Ida finally woke, she heard the pages of the hymnal being rustled and sat up. She was surprised and embarrassed to find the good Reverend Rice to be sitting close by, though he never looked her way. She slumped into the corner of the pew and hid her face with her hands.
Reverend Rice focused on the pages he wasnt reading and gave the young woman time to clear her head and gather herself. Are you hungry? I think I have a package of peanut butter crackers in my office, he finally said, never lifting his eyes from the hymnal.
Ida shook her head, no and kept her face covered.
Is that a yes? asked Reverend Rice, finally looking toward Ida.
Ida shook her head, no again. No. No Sir. I aint hungry, she added.
Reverend Rice prefers silent contemplation, with the emphasis on silent, over speech. But hell talk when its necessary. From the pulpit he can speak with fire and passion and has done so on many occasions. And he can talk with calming compassion, one on one. And if its needed, when hes in a conversation with someone who doesnt want to converse, hell talk continuously.
Know what my wife gave me for breakfast this mornin? asked Reverend Rice, quietly. A grapefruit, he said, without waiting for Ida to guess. He flipped a page of the hymnal and added, I put some honey on it. But still.wasnt much of a breakfast if you ask me.
The wife says its good for me, he continued. Gives me a hunger for peanut butter crackers though, so it aint all that good.
Reverend Rice closed his hymnal, set it on the pew and rose. He carefully made his way toward Ida. He sidestepped the space between the pews, using the one in front as a handrail. When he reached Ida, he extended a hand for her.
All this talk of peanut butter crackers makes me think I need to go find em, he said, looking down at the young woman. Come on. Shouldnt take me long to find em. Probably cause I know right where they are.
Ida looked up at the Reverend. A man of average height and above average apparel looked down at her.  The Reverend wore black linen pants with a solid crease and black patent leather, laced shoes. Up top, he always wore a white cotton, long sleeve shirt, heavily starched and a thin black tie, loosened at the neck, with the very top button of his shirt undone. Ida could never remember being this close to the Reverend, a man who falls somewhere between Pope and King in her community.
Ida took the Reverends hand and rose. Both stepped to the center aisle of the nave.
This way, he said. Reverend Rice led the way and walked up the aisle toward the pulpit. Ida followed, determined to walk more slowly than the Reverend and fall far behind.
Reverend Rice spoke continuously and stopped on several occasions to examine something or other in the church to give Ida a chance to catch up. He stopped to examine a complete set of teeth marks, planted in the wood at the end of a pew, by a small child. He commented how he didnt think it was termites and was probably nothing to worry about. He found a stain on the carpet and made several guesses as to the liquid that made it, adding, it was his understanding, club soda would take that right out. Reverend Rice stalled and Ida never really caught up. When he reached the first pew, he extended a hand towards his office and waited for Ida. Come on. Crackers waitin, he said.
Reverend Rices office sits on a corner of the building, not far from the churchs pulpit. Tall, broad windows on the two exterior walls, bathed the office in natural light. The Reverends desk is a large mahogany one, which he keeps respectfully neat and he uses a maroon, leather chair, deeply tufted with buttons. Tall bookshelves fill one corner of his office, stuffed with books and papers. The walls are covered with framed photographs. Pictures of family and parishioners, pictures taken with past and present local dignitaries and some not so local, including a few white ones and a few old photographs of his days in the military, including a standard issue Army portrait, in full dress uniform.
The Reverend entered his office and moved behind his desk. Come in. Come in, he said. Have a seat. He extended a hand towards one of the chairs fronting his desk. Ida stood at the doorway, wishing she were somewhere else. Not gonna bite, said the Reverend, still holding his hand for the chair. Promise.
With all the courage she could muster, Ida moved forward. Shed never been this far into the church before. She took in her surroundings and thought the office quite lovely. She lowered herself onto the cushioned seat and sat close to its edge. She suddenly became aware of her dress, loose blue jeans with rolled cuffs, a pale yellow blouse with plenty of wrinkles and a few smudges and old worn saddle shoes. The clothing made her feel even more uncomfortable and self conscious.
Reverend Rice waited for Ida to take a seat before doing so himself. He immediately pulled open the center drawer of his desk and took out the package of peanut butter crackers. He held them up for Idas approval. See. Didnt take me long, he said and began picking at its cellophane wrapper.
When the night blows a young woman onto one his pews, he has a fair idea as to the cause. Trouble with the parents, trouble with her husband or boyfriend, money troubles or pregnancy, real or imagined. In a small town like Palatka, thats pretty much going to cover it. Reverend Rice set in on narrowing the narrow field. He managed to pick at the cellophane enough to free a small edge. Normally, this would be where his teeth would take over, but he intended this to be a shared package and made a conscious effort to keep the cellophane out of his mouth.
Hows your momma doin? he asked. He pulled the cellophane free on one end of his cracker package and extended it across the desk for Ida. She shook her head, no, when she saw the package approach and looked to the carpet below.
Hows your momma? Reverend Rice repeated.
Shes fine, said Ida, softly. She held her eyes to the carpet and clasped her hands between her knees.
You have a boyfriend? asked the Reverend.
Ida shook her head, yes and said nothing.
Whats his name? asked Reverend Rice.
Zach, said Ida, almost whispering.
Zach? repeated the Reverend. Mmmm .. Zach, Zach. Do I know him? he asked, trying to put a face to the name.
Ida shrugged at the question, never lifting her eyes.
So..this Zach, who I may or may not know, hows he doin? asked Reverend Rice.
Ida shrugged again. Fine. I hope, she finally answered. Hes in Jacksonville .. workin  on a boat, she added.
Reverend Rice sat the uneaten package of peanut butter crackers down and leaned back in his deeply tufted chair. He watched the young woman across from him and considered her responses. His questions didnt seem to get much of a rise from her. He thought her boyfriend being away may bother her, but not enough to drive her here, in the middle of the night. He leaned forward and opened the bottom drawer on the right side of his desk.
So  mommas fine. And your Zachs fine too, said the Reverend. He pulled a book from the drawer and sat back up. The book is black and looks like a bible. It has a soft, faux leather grain covering with embossed, gold lettering across the front.
Ive always thought names to be fascinatin things. Important things. And they can be powerful if theyre the right one, said Reverend Rice. I like to study em. See where they come from and what they mean. Sometimes Ill look up someone I know. Just to see how well their momma did for em, he added. He took his black book with embossed gold lettering, leaned back in his chair and crossed his legs. He opened The Book of Names, and thumbed through the pages.
He read names to Ida, told her where they came from and what they meant. Hed read a few from the Ms and then a few Cs. He randomly flipped through the book and read her a few Ss. Sometimes hed comment, Thats a nice one, or, I like that, never lifting his eyes from the page. Sometimes, hed just say, Mmm mmm, before moving on and sometimes, he wouldnt comment at all.
The reading relaxed Ida. She could listen and not have to respond. She thought about a few of the names that came her way.
Ida, read Reverend Rice. German, means work or labor. Interesting. Did you know that? he asked, never looking from his book. Work can be a beautiful thing. Michelangelo did some beautiful work. At least, the pictures Ive seen says he did. The stained glass windows we have, Id have to say thats some beautiful work too.
Ida was surprised to hear the Reverend read her name. Not where it came from or what it meant, but the fact hed picked her name. She knew that wasnt dumb luck. Hed picked her name because he knew her name. He knew her and remembered her. How much more did he know?, she asked herself. How could he know?
Abigail, read Reverend Rice. Hebrew. Means, my father is joy.
Idas eyes began to water. She held her breath, struggling to keep it inside her. Tears fell to her cheeks. More followed. She tried to inhale, but the stuff trying to get out, blocked the stuff trying to get in. She cried and then cried uncontrollably.
Reverend Rice looked up. Id have to agree with you, he said calmly. That is a good one. He leaned forward and began pulling tissues from a box he keeps on his desk. He stood and handed the bundle to Ida. He made ready and pulled more tissues, sensing this could take quite a few.
Reverend Rice erased the future Ida had written for herself and helped her write a new one. Ida married Zach Washington and a little less than 7 months after her meeting with the good Reverend Rice, she bore Abigail, No-Middle-Name, Washington.
And she swore to never run again.


47

Lay him on the ground, said Ida. Lay him down. Ida reached for Charles stick like arms.
Ida, this is over, said Zach. There aint nothin left to be done. You need to go.
No. Not yet, Ida said. She pulled on Charles arms. Put him over here. Put his head down near the water, so its lower.
Zach, still clasping the boys ankles, helped his wife move Charles. They set him down on the sand with his head near the waters edge.
Flip him over. Onto his stomach, said Ida.
Zach rolled Charles onto his stomach and Ida tilted his head, so she could see the boys face. She knelt beside him and hesitated. With both hands, she gently pushed on the boys back. She stopped pushing and looked to his face. Nothing happened. She gently pushed again on his back, this time in a different spot. She stopped and looked to the boys face once more.
Ida. Ida, this is done! Zach said, forcefully. You need to take Abby and Cyril! And take em now!
Ida ignored her husband. She pushed again on the boys back, this time with much more force. She saw water trickle from his mouth. Look! Theys the water! she exclaimed.
Abby and Cyril moved to get a better look and Zach bent over so he could see the boys face. Ida pushed hard again. With both hands over the small of Charles back, she leaned hard on the boy and water gushed from his mouth.
Look! hollered Cyril.
Zach moved for the boys ankles again, thinking Ida had primed the pump and he can now finish the job.
No! scolded Ida. Leave him be!
She pushed again and again. Water escaped from the boys mouth each time. Sometimes it trickled and sometimes it spilled. She pushed and released and pushed again.
Ida pushed. Then, Charles coughed. Ida pulled away like shed been bitten when she heard the sound. She looked to the boys face. Cmon boy, she said to herself, I know I heard you. When nothing happened, she leaned forward to push once more and Charles coughed again. 
Zach heard the sound and relief coursed through him. He reached for the boy, determined to not let this opportunity to be saved themselves slip away.
Ida threw up a hand to stop her husband. No! she yelled. Leave him be! Hes got to be on his own now.
Charles coughed again. His body contorted grotesquely and made a fearful sound as he tried to take his first breath.
The Washingtons watched the small boy bring himself back to life.
Its all on you now boy, Ida quietly said, still kneeling beside Charles. Its all on you. Cmon. You can do this.
Charles made horrifying noises as he tried to bring air to his lungs. His muscles seized as he retched water. His body squirmed and dug at the sand of the damp, hard packed beach. He coughed and choked and vomited water. He clawed his way onto his elbows, then arched his back and froze as he tried to rid himself of more water. His face grew wild and showed the animal within, displaying for all to see, the survival instinct every living thing carries. His eyes saw nothing but fear and his own struggle to save himself. He pushed himself onto all fours. His body engaged in a fight with itself. A fight between breathing and retching. It was as if one hundred million years of evolution, compressed to a few minutes, an amphibian turning itself human.
Charles, still on all fours with hands spread wide, dropped his head to the sand and rested. His breathing was shallow and quick, like a panting dog. His body, cloaked in sand sticking to his wet clothes and moist skin, resonated to the rapid, shallow breaths.
Ida moved closer. She lightly placed her arm around the boy and leaned for his ear. Can you hear me boy? she gently asked. Can you hear me?
Charles couldnt hear her.
Ida listened for the boys breathing and concentrated on it. She could hear every time he exhaled. The sound, light, short and quick.
Take your time boy, she told him. Take your time. You gonna be okay now. You gonna be okay.
Charles breathing began to slow. He lifted his head and immediately dropped it to the sand again. His breaths became deeper, slower and gradually grew more normal. On all fours, he held himself up, with Ida kneeling beside him, hunched over, with her arm firmly around his torso, helping him.
Zach moved for the boy. He grabbed Charles under each armpit and before Ida could say anything, jerked the boy from under her arm and onto his feet. Surprised, Ida didnt have a chance to protest, but wished her husband hadnt done it. She knew it was too soon.
Zach held Charles on his feet, but he hung like a wet rag doll, covered in sand. He tried a couple of times to get the boy to stand on his own, but Charles collapsed each time. Zach always caught him and set him back up again.
Ida, standing with hands on hips, watched and assessed the boys condition. Finally, she said, You picked him up too soon. He werent ready.
Cyril. Set his feet, said Zach. See if ya can set his feet. Maybe hold his legs too.
Cyril moved for Charles, knelt before him and slid his feet across the sand. He adjusted the angle of Charles feet a few times and grabbed onto each of his knees, locking them in place. Hows that look? he asked.
Zach didnt bother answering and gradually transferred Charles weight. With Zach keeping the boy steady and Cyril reinforcing him at the knees, Charles legs held.
Ida bent over her own son and looked into the face of the small, white boy. His expressionless face and blank eyes made her wonder if he really is alive. She slowly waved her hand in front of the boys face.
Can hear me boy? she asked him. You gotta name?
She got no response from Charles and Ida stood back up.
I think hes deaf, said Ida. And he may be blind too. Think thats what the thing he was carryin was for? So he can see?
Zach shrugged.
What in the hell is going on down there?! an angry voice demanded.
Hudspeth Rake marched across his yard, heading toward the party on the beach. What the hells going on? he yelled again, demanding answers with no intention of listening to a single one.
Cyril let go of Charles knees, rolling onto his backside. He quickly stood and moved for his mother. Abby moved for her mother too and Zach let go of the boy he held. Charles stood steady on his own.
When Hud reached the narrow strip of beach, he moved directly for Charles, staring hard into the eyes of Zach Washington. What do you think youre doing? he demanded. You all need to get back to work! he ordered, as if he were back at his old job, once again, commanding the field and never missing a beat.
With one hand, Hud grabbed Charles by the upper arm and jerked him away from where Zach stood. Cmon boy. Youre coming with me, he said angrily. Hud turned and dragged Charles away. Get back to work! he demanded.
Hud soon realized he was dragging Charles and he stopped to let the boy gather his feet. He pulled Charles upward and set him on his feet again. What is wrong with you boy? Hud asked. Stop draggin your feet.
You need to get yourself on home. No reason to be hangin round here. Not today, Hud told Charles. From Huds vantage point, he couldnt see Charles face and he didnt bother to get a closer look.
He took Charles by the arm again and walked him across his yard toward the road. This time Charles legs engaged. Hud slowed his pace and Charles nearly managed to keep up.
Your mother aint gonna be none too happy bout seein you, thats for sure, Hud commented as he walked his always pesky visitor across his front yard. What made you decide to roll around in the sand? he asked. Hud hesitated and added, Those people have anything to do with this? Charles never answered and Hud, knowing Charles, never expected he would.
When they reached the edge of Huds yard, near the road, Hud released the boy and gave Charles a slight nudge on the back. Get yourself on home boy, he told Charles. Caint be playin here today. Got people workin.
Charles didnt move.
Go on boy. Get yourself on home, Hud repeated. He watched the small boy.
Hud moved forward and took Charles by the arm again. You got somethin wrong with your ears? he asked, as he led Charles from his yard and across the hot asphalt road. When they reached the neighbors yard on the other side, Hud pointed Charles toward home and nudged him on the back once more. Okay. You should be able to make it from here. Get yourself on home, he told Charles.
Charles didnt move.
Hud turned Charles towards him and leaned over the boy. I understand you not wantin to face your momma. Not covered in sand the way you are. But Ill tell ya. If you got somethin that needs facin, its best to do it right away. Dont put it off. Cause it aint gonna get no better, he told Charles, speaking to the top of the boys head. You understand what Im sayin?
Hud pointed Charles toward home again and nudged him once more. Charles finally managed to walk alone. He took several steps, moving himself forward and then stopped. He moved forward again, then stopped again. Hud watched, thinking the boy was trying to build enough courage to face his mother.
Charles moved for home. He hesitated and meandered, but mostly kept his motion continuous and in approximately the right direction. Hud walked back across the street to his own yard and decided to stop by his miniature grove to make sure everyones working and to see how his final exam is going.


48

Charles stood at the backdoor to his house, his face mere inches from its jalousie glass window. The glass slats of the door are shut tight and the opaque and wavy jalousie glass mesmerized Charles. Its Coke bottle green surface, dimpled by small shallow depressions, gave the glass the appearance of moving water. Dimples, like the ones that move across the surface of a body of water and yet, never really move a single drop. The image brought him back to the bottom of the lake and the circle of light and blue sky overhead. Dimples seemed to dance around the clear portal of light, obscuring his view of the world above. His eyes stared at the wall of glass water, only a few inches away.
Suddenly, the wall of glass smashed him square in the face. The impact fractured a single slat and sent Charles staggering backwards. He teetered on the edge of the covered concrete landing and his feet instinctively tried to navigate the four inch drop to the ground. He lost his balance and fell on his back to the thinly grassed, soft sand nearby. The blow laid him out like the loser of an ultra lightweight boxing match, though he never lost consciousness.
His mother, full dirty laundry hamper in tow, peeked around the edge of the door to see what shed hit.
Charles! she yelled. Are you alright?
His mother let go of the laundry hamper and slung the door open. She moved for her son, lying spread eagle on the ground.
For heaven sakes Charles! Why would you stand behind the door like that? his mother asked, kneeling over him. She slid one hand under his head and lifted it slightly off the ground. With the other, she lightly tapped him on the cheek. Can you hear me Charles? Are you okay? his mother asked. She could see her sons awake, but he wasnt responding to her questions.
Charles never moved. The blow to his face eliminated the tiny amount of progress hed made with regards to movement.
Are you hurt? she asked. Can you tell me where it hurts?
Charles eyes focused in on his mothers moving lips, though he couldnt understand what she was saying. His mother thought about what to do next. She decided to get him in the house and into his bed.
Im gonna pick you up Charles, his mother said. We need to get you inside.
Charles mother cupped his armpits with each hand and gently lifted her son off the ground. She carried half of him and dragged the other half into the house and down the hallway to his room and got him into bed.
His mother sat down beside him on the bed and examined his face. Charles eyes remained opened, but they refused to focus on anything. She waved her hand over his eyes and asked if he could hear her.
His mother went to the bathroom and wet a washcloth with cold tap water. She returned and examined her sons face and head, trying to find where the blow had landed. She couldnt see any swelling, lumps, cuts or redness. She folded the damp cloth and laid it across Charles forehead.
She noticed his wet clothes and sand covered body. Clearly, hes been in that lake again, she said to herself. A place he knows well hes not to go.
Shell address the issue later. She removed her sons wet clothes and wiped most of the sand from him with another damp washcloth. She covered him with a large bath towel and decided shed best check on Sara. She knows things tend to happen in twos when you have two small children.


49

Ida sat on the grass watching her husband. With her back resting against a full crate of oranges, she sat with her knees bent and pinched together. She wrapped her arms tight around her knees to keep them pulled close and she watched her husband pace.
Abby sat crossed legged, Indian style, close by and watched her mother. Cyril also used a full box of oranges as a backrest. He sat, intensely examining and trying to figure out the heavy black object the white boy had left behind. Diminishing twilight made the black object and its fine details difficult to see and he knew time was running out. If he didnt figure it out soon, he wouldnt figure it out at all.
Zach looked up the road in the direction their ride should be coming, if one is coming. Hed hold his gaze for awhile, then turn and walk away, with his head down, worrying what to do next. Then hed turn and walk back to where he started and stare up the road again, hoping, desperately hoping, to see headlights coming his way.
Zach realized no one is coming to pick them up. He realized hed stepped into a trap. And he realized hed done so because he wasnt paying attention. He wasnt being wary. Today of all days, he needed to be on his toes and he wasnt. He allowed himself to be led into a trap and hed brought his family along too. He should have known, he told himself, that something was up when their driver never returned, like he said he was, with more empties. His stupidity made him angry, mostly at himself, for letting it happen. And hes mad because he let himself get beat. But he still looked up the road with the little hope he had left. Because theres little else he could do.
Cyril became exasperated with the darkness and the object he couldnt figure out. I caint see to make this stupid thing out! he said loudly. Frogs be flyin! What is this thing for?
Hold your voice down, his father said in a low, stern tone. Zach looked back up the road and then turned and walked away. 
Zach returned to where his family sat and stood near Cyril. Let me see those, he said, holding his hand out for the binoculars. His son handed them to his father, thinking he would try and figure them out for him.
Zach turned to his wife. You got one a our tickets? he asked her.
Ida shook her head. Surely do, she said. She unbuttoned the top few buttons on her shirt and pulled her small purse from its hiding place. She removed the string from her neck and pulled on the top of the purse to open it and carefully removed one of the neatly folded papers it held. She handed the paper to her husband.
Maybe this thing has a phone number on it, said Zach, unfolding the paper. He held the pay ticket close to his face and in the darkness, tried to find a company phone number in the preprinted letterhead.
Come on. Everyone follow me, Zach said to his family. Stick close and keep your voices down. We gotta find that white boy agin.
Zach waited for everyone to get on their feet and he led his family to where they first spotted Charles. He thought the boy must live close. Close to where they first spotted him. But the neighborhood looked different after dark. And he hadnt been paying much attention to start with. It was a yard theyd picked, he told himself, cause there where boxes in the yard where the boy ran from and he thought he remembered which side of the road too.
Zach stopped several times, looked for boxes of oranges in front yards and checked to make sure his family was keeping up and close by.
He spotted a row of full boxes near the road and stopped. This may be the place, he thought. The darkness hid most everything. He tried to see the house they stood in front of, but he couldnt make much of it out.
Cyril, said Zach, barely above a whisper. This where you seen that white boy? The first time we seen him.
Cyril stepped toward his father. He looked at the boxes. He looked up the road and at the yard and the driveway. Maybe, he finally said. Maybe. But it looks different now.
Stay here, said Zach. He walked up the road and turned to look back in the direction of his family.  When they first seen the boy, he thought, theyd a been standin about here. He looked and tried to remember what hed seen early that afternoon. This has to be it, he told himself. There arent many yards with boxes in them and this place looks familiar. This has to be it.
He walked back to his family and said, This must be it.
Zach hesitated. We gotta knock on that door, he said, pointing toward the house hidden in darkness. Stick close and no matter what happens, dont run. Dont run from no dogs nor no people neither. Cause if we gets apart, then we is in real trouble. Understood? Dont nobody run.
Ida, Abby and Cyril understood and didnt answer. Zach walked up the driveway and his family followed close behind. When they reached the covered landing, near the front door, he placed a hand on Idas arm and quietly told her to wait. Abby and Cyril took up next to their mother and she placed an arm around each to keep them close.
Zach looked the house over again. A single window was lit, not far from the front door. He thought about what he would say. With the binoculars in one hand and a pay ticket in the other, he stepped onto the concrete landing. He lightly tapped on the frame of the screen door, stepped back and waited. When nothing happened, he knocked again, a little harder this time.
Suddenly, a harsh naked, yellow light bulb came on and the front door opened. The harsh yellow light cast dark shadows and made it difficult for Zach to see if anyone stood behind the screen door. And if there was someone there, they never spoke.
Charles mother looked out. A colored man stood well away from the doors covered concrete landing. The man stared back at her and never said a word.
Can I help you? she finally asked.
Yes maam, said Zach. Hate ta be a bother maam. Hate ta be a bother, he repeated. I think these belongs ta ya boy. Zach held out the binoculars for the voice hidden in the dark shadow. He hoped hed picked the right house.
Charles mother looked at the dark object the colored man held. She hesitated and then pushed open the screen door. She took a single step toward her sons binoculars, holding the screen door with one hand.
Where did you find them? she asked, surprised by who held them and more surprised she hadnt noticed her son wasnt carrying them when shed knocked him silly with the backdoor.
He left em down by the lake. Down the road a bit, answered Zach. He stepped forward to hand the binoculars to the woman he could now see.
Charles mother took the binoculars. Thank you, she said. I cant believe he left these behind. He loves these things. Thank you again. Hed be miserable if he ever lost these.
Maam. We needs your help on somethin, said Zach. We been pickin the neighborhood. We picked your house too. But the truck, the company truck never came back ta pick us up. I was wonderin if you could call the number for us, Zach said, holding out the pay ticket for the woman.
Charles mother leaned forward to take the paper, holding the screen door with her foot. We? she asked. The colored man waved at the darkness behind him and slowly, a woman with a child stuck to each of her sides emerged from the night.
If ya could call for us, wed be thankful, said Zach.
Charles mother looked at the colored family and then to the piece of paper she held in her hand. She looked at Zach and said, Of course. Ill call. She thought for a moment and added, I think you best come inside though, she said. Itd be best if you came in. Wait in here. Ill make the call, but you should wait in here. She stepped out further onto the landing and held the screen door open with her free hand.
No. No thank you maam. If we can wait here, that be fine, said Zach.
No, said Charles mother. Ill make the call, but you must come inside. She extended her hand holding the binoculars to the dark shadow of her doorway.
Zach looked to Ida. His wife gave a quick nod toward the open door to let him know, if they went inside, he would be the one to lead the way. Zach hesitated, stepped onto the small front porch and waved for the others to follow. Ida, with Abby and Cyril securely in tow, followed her husband. Charles mother gave them a reassuring smile as they passed.
Charles mother flipped on the foyer light, then stepped past her unexpected guests, standing in a tight cluster. This way, she said and led the Washington family to the living room. Sit and Ill make the call, she said.
No one sat.
Please. Have a seat, she said, extending her hand holding the binoculars toward the sofa. Ida, Abby and Cyril moved as one and squeezed between the coffee table and sofa and took a seat. I best stand maam. My clothes still be a little damp, said Zach.
Ill make your call. Or maybe youd like to call yourself? Charles mother asked Zach.
No maam. Itd be best if it came from you, said Zach. If you could make it we was a bother, thatd hep. If you said we was a bother in the neighborhood, they may come. Itd be a big hep.
Charles mother thought of what is being asked of her. She shook her head and said, Youre not bein a bother, but I understand. She turned and went to the kitchen to make the call.
Sara strolled into the living room and took a seat on the coffee table, sitting side saddle. For Sara, the arrival of guests means another opportunity to be seen. She considers herself to be an exquisitely designed four-year-old, who should be seen and fussed over on every possible occasion. She sat, nonchalantly, barefoot and wearing a rather mundane play dress and waited patiently for the fussing to begin.
When none came, she slid across the top of the coffee table toward her non-fussing guests, turned herself to she face them, propped herself up with a hand on each knee and waited some more.
Abby watched the little girl for a bit, but her attention is soon drawn away to the house she found herself in. Its modern, with shiny terrazzo floors and smooth plastered unaccented walls, painted a light beige. The furnishings are modern too. The fabrics of the furniture are all solids, with no old fashioned flower patterns of any kind. Even the air, dry and cool, felt new. Abby thought it  looked like a magazine cover and thought it spectacular.
Charles mother set the binoculars down on the kitchen counter, lifted the handset from the wall mounted phone and dialed the number on the paper shed been given. The call connected and began ringing. When no one picked up immediately, she began counting the rings, ten rings being required for proper phone etiquette before hanging up. She looked at the binoculars, saw the cut shoestring and lost her ring count.
She lifted the remnants of the shoestring. Thats odd, she thought. Did Charles do this? Why would he cut the shoestring? He always carries the binoculars with the string around his neck. She let the phone ring a few more times and then hung up. She lifted the binoculars and looked into the eyepieces. Quarter moons of water settled at the bottom of the blurry image.
Sara heard her fathers car pull into the carport. A goofy, embarrassed smile grew across her face. Thats my daddy, she finally said, almost whispering.
Ill go get him! Sara excitedly said. She jumped to her feet atop the coffee table, leapt off the far side and ran for the front door.
Sara grabbed her fathers hand as soon as the front door opened. Come with me! she commanded. Sara dragged her father to the living room.
See! she exclaimed.
One of Mr. Krebs eyebrows twitched involuntarily and then froze on his forehead well above its usual resting place. Helloooo, he said, very slowly.
Zach, still standing at the far end of the sofa, nodded. Abby, Cyril and their mother stared.
Well, I should, said Mr. Krebs, searching for words. I..If youll excuse me. He shook his daughter free of his hand and headed for the kitchen to get some answers.
Thats my daddy, Sara said with embarrassed pride. She pulled at the bottom of her dress, pirouetted and ran after her father.
So. Your day. How was it? asked Mr. Krebs upon entering the kitchen.
His wife, still examining the binoculars, set them down on the counter. Fine. I knocked your son silly with the backdoor, but other than that it was fine. That boy is a walking disaster. I really whacked him too. He was just standing behind the door. Never saw him. Dont think I knocked any sense into him, but I whacked the livin daylights right out of him, said Mrs. Krebs, getting wordy, sounding like her daughter and ignoring the pink elephant in their house.
Oh. Didnt you hire a fruit company to pick our oranges? Im pretty sure you did. Anyway, thats whos in the living room. They came and picked the oranges, but the company never came back to pick them up. I called. The company that is. There was no answer. Im pretty sure everyones gone home by now. But yes, thats whos in the living room. Theyre gonna need a ride, she told her husband.
Ohhhhh, said Mr. Krebs in a sing-song manner. Yeah. Thats the part I woulda led with.
So. I guess youve elected me to give them a ride? asked Mr. Krebs.
Well. Im not sure elected would be the right word. But yes, you need to give them a ride, said his wife. Feel free to do the right thing. She tapped her husband on the cheek and gave him a conniving smile.
Mr. Krebs rolled his eyes. Im gonna take the wagon, he said.


50

Mr. Krebs opened the drivers door of the big wagon and watched as his entire band of castaways climbed into the backseat. He stuck his head in the car, looked at Zach and said, Someone can ride up front with me. Show me the way, so to speak.
Zach thought for a moment. He doesnt know the way and he doesnt exactly know where he is. He climbed out of the back and took a seat up front.
I preciate you doin this. Givin us a ride, said Zach as he closed the door.
Mr. Krebs hit the ignition. Not a problem. Dont mind at all, he lied. He pulled the knob to turn on the headlights and shifted the car into reverse. He twisted himself around, slung his arm over the seatback and began backing out of the carport. When he saw the three faces in his backseat he added, Well getcha home. Not to worry.
Mr. Krebs backed out of the driveway and into the street. He shifted to drive and said, Where we goin again?
Do ya knows Lemon Lick Road? asked Zach.
I do. Least I think I do, answered Mr. Krebs.
If ya can get us ta Lemon Lick, we can get home from there, said Zach.
Mr. Krebs slowly brought the big wagon up to speed and crawled away from his tiny bit of the world toward a tiny bit he rarely ventured. He drove only a short distance before the uncomfortable silence got the best of him. Mr. Krebs caved to the awkward pressure and he tried to make small talk. He commented on the weather, children and oranges. In return, he got a few Yes sirs and No sirs, a few Mmm mmms, and a few head shakes, which in the dark isnt much of a conversational sustainer. He finally gave up, turned the radio on and punched several of its buttons before settling on, This Magic Moment, by the Drifters. Pop music blanketed their ears for the rest of the trip and provided an invisible barrier to ease everyones discomfort.
Mr. Krebs turned the wagons high beams on and slowed. In the distance, off to their left, a paved road bit into the one they traveled. He approached the intersection slowly and searched for a street sign. When he found it, he brought the car to a complete stop and tried to read the sign, sitting just out of reach of his headlights.
Says Lemon something, Mr. Krebs said. This has gotta be it.
Zach opened his door and said, Thank you agin for the ride.
Wait, said Mr. Krebs. Ill take you the rest of the way. If Im to get credit for doin something good, I have to finish it. No such thing as partial credit for something like this.
Zach hesitated and then shut his door. Mr. Krebs turned the big wagon and drove down Lemon Lick Road. Zach watched the road ahead and looked hard for the sand trail that would finally bring them home.
Here! This is it! Zach said suddenly. Pull off here. This be it.
Mr. Krebs pushed hard on the power brake pedal. Here? he questioned. He didnt see a thing on either side of the road.
Yeah. This be it, said Zach. You can just pull off here.
Mr. Krebs pulled the wagon off the pavement. The car bounced hard a few times on the rough, steeply graded shoulder before he got it stopped. Here? he asked again.
Zach opened his door and said, Thank you agin. For the ride. Its been a big hep. He climbed out of the car and jumped onto the shoulders steep embankment. Cyril, Abby and Ida climbed out of the back seat and Zach helped them down onto the road shoulder.
Mr. Krebs shifted the car to park and watched as his castaways, their backs bathed in light from his cars headlights, made their way. They turned away from the road and when they reached the periphery of his headlights, disappeared into the darkness. Mr. Krebs looked out in the direction he last saw them and noticed a few lights, setting like stars on the horizon, off in the distance.
Mr. Krebs leaned forward, pulled his billfold from his back pocket, opened it and found one of his business cards. He stuck the card in his shirt pocket and slid his billfold back into his pants. He shifted the car to drive and crept forward along the road embankment. The car bounced along the shoulder as he searched for the trail his castaways had taken.
Providence, holding her oil lamp, watched through her open front window, standing behind its newly repaired screen. Four silhouettes moved up the dirt road and closed on her front porch. Shes sure she knows the dark figures coming her way, though shes never met a single one. She turned the knob on her oil lamp and doused its light so she could see into the darkness better and not be seen herself. The people shes sure she knows, moved closer to her window.  
Suddenly, bright light washed over the people in the road and across her porch. Providence watched as a car slowly made its way up the road. Its headlights veered and struggled to hold steady. The people she watched, slowed and turned toward the approaching light. The car pulled up next to them and stopped.
Providence cant believe her good fortune. Shes never seen one of her Fast Luck strikes. Not when it happens. In real time. Shes only heard about it. Afterwards, when its all done. She watched and listened too.
If ya knows whats good for ya, youll let this happen, said Providence in a low whisper. And yous a fool if ya aint ready.
Mr. Krebs pulled up next to his castaways and shifted the car to park. I didnt get your name, he said, leaning out the window and looking at Zach.
Zach hesitated, concerned hes being asked his name. Finally, he said, Zach. Zach Washington.
Zach huh, said Mr. Krebs. Hmmm, he quietly added. He pulled the business card from his shirt pocket.
Well, Zach Washington. Heres my card. Call me when you get a chance, said Mr. Krebs. He stuck his arm out the window of his car and held the card for Zach.
Zach took the card and looked at it. The night hid its print. He looked at the man in the car. Thanks, said Zach. Ill do that. He gave the man a wave and led his family away.
Providence watched as Zach and his family moved in one direction and the car slowly backed away in the other. She tried to see the man in the car, but couldnt.
And dont let nobody never say I didnt bring it quick, said Providence. She needed a match to relight her oil lamp and turned from the window to go find one.


51

Charles mother tried to focus on finishing supper, but kept thinking of the binoculars. She picked them up again and examined the cut shoestring. She looked into the eyepieces and again, saw water lying at the bottom of the lenses.
Shes a strong feeling somethings not right and decides the binoculars must go. She opened one of the upper cabinets and placed them on the top shelf. When the times right, shell dispose of the binoculars.
She thought of how upset her son will be over the loss of his binoculars. As far as he knows, she thought, he left them down by the lake. Anyway, if the colored man hadnt brought them back, theres a good chance theyd have been lost. The binoculars need to go. Shell figure out how to deal with Charles. But the binoculars, they need to go. She shut the cabinet door and turned to finish preparing supper.
Charles stood at the edge of the kitchen, naked as the day he came into the world. His mouth was open and he had his eyes squeezed tightly shut. His face, contorted, frozen and silent. 
His mother jumped at the site of her son, sure shed been caught hiding his binoculars. Suddenly, sound and water erupted from the skinny, naked boy. Tears poured from his eyes, drool dripped from his mouth and his nose leaked. The crying, deep and solid, swept through the house and filled it like noble gas filling a confining vessel. It was a soul cleansing cry. The kind of cry that comes from so far down it could not have originated from lungs alone.
Its going to be okay Charles, said his mother. Its going to be okay.
She moved and knelt before her son. Charles climbed into her arms and buried his head in her chest. She felt the liquid from his eyes, nose and mouth soak through her blouse to her skin. Her body muffled the crying as Charles pushed his face into her.
Its going to be alright, she whispered. She closed her arms around him, held him and told him again, Its going to be alright.
Charles tried to breath, but choked on the air. He pulled his face from his mothers blouse. I.., he gasped. I.let.., cried Charles, struggling. .Bay..bay..Beethoven go! he wailed.
Charles cried for Beethoven, but he mostly cried for himself. Bad stuff can happen to him and he can cause bad stuff to happen to others. The world doesnt belong to just him anymore. Step number two. Still ten more to go and an entire lifetime to get em all done.


**********************


In the darkness, Ida searched for the pull string of the light switch. She slowly waved her hand overhead, feeling for the string. It bounced off her hand once and she narrowed the search. She found it again and gently pulled on the string until harsh light, from the bare bulb, filled the small room.
She unbuttoned the top two buttons of her shirt and pulled her small purse from its hiding place. Abby, help me with supper. This family needs to eat, said Ida.
Zach moved so he stood directly under the light bulb. He held up the card the man gave him and tilted it a few times, until light bounced off it just right. He read the card and moved it closer to his face, so he could read it again, more carefully this time.
Ida! Come look at this! hollered Zach.
He held out the card for his wife. She took it and tilted it toward the light. Abby and Cyril peeked over the top of the card. The upper left corner of the card held a company name, ACME and ACE Construction Company, along with a phone number and address.
It was the name at the middle of the card, printed in bold lettering, that drew their attention.

Zacharias Zac Krebs, Chief Estimator

Zach has never seen his name on a business card or in print. Think it means anythin? he asked.
Ida stared at the card. Finally, she looked to her husband and said, Reverend Rice says names is powerful things.


52

Charles walked along the dirt road with his head down, concentrating on his bare feet. Todays the first day hes been out and about since hed found the bottom of the lake and lost his binoculars. He avoided Mr. Rakes yard and the lakeshore, choosing instead to explore a different part of his neighborhood. He felt weird being without his binoculars, seeing the world again without magnification. It felt like a part of him is missing.
Charles stopped. At his feet are several rows of perfectly formed sand ridges. At the top of each sand ridge sits a perfectly formed dirt clod, just waiting to be mined and tossed. Something heavy had passed this way and had done so at just the right time, when the soil held the just the right amount of moisture. With the addition of pressure, perfect, long lasting dirt clods were formed.
Charles knelt and carefully broke off the top of one of the ridges. He examined it and then gently tossed it, testing it for cohesion and explosive power. The clod stayed completely intact as it flew and disappeared into a sand explosion when it hit the ground. Absolute dirt clod perfection.
With one hand, Charles pulled at the bottom of his shirt so it formed a pouch. With his other, he carefully began breaking off dirt clods from the top of the sand ridges. He gently placed each in his shirt pouch and, as he collected, thought of something he could target. Once he stockpiled an adequate arsenal, hell look for an ant bed.
As he collected dirt clods, Charles looked up to follow the sand ridges, checking the richness of his strike. When he looked up, he saw the heavy creature whose tracks he now mined.
A short distance away sat the dirty yellow road grader hed seen just a few days before. The behemoth was silent and its bristling, shiny blade rested on the ground. It seemed to be asleep as it sat on the side of the road, tilted at a slight angle on the embankment.
Charles stood and let go of his shirt. His pouch disappeared and his feet were bombarded with small sand explosions. He stared at the machine. Its the thing hes longed for since the day he first saw it.
He began stalking the giant creature. His bare feet moved over the dirt like a Cherokee Indians, on the hunt and having to move silently across brittle fall leaves. His senses now stood on end. He watched for the slightest movement, smelled diesel and oil and heard the wind from a birds beating wing as it flew by. He lowered himself, to make the small him, smaller still and cocked one arm as if his hand held a tomahawk, one hed throw at the first sign of trouble. He inched his way toward the road grader.
You are a dork! a muffled voice said.
Charles hand, holding his imaginary tomahawk, sprang forward. He jumped and turned 180 degrees, sure the sound had come from somewhere behind.
CJ, sitting high above in the cab of the road grader, slid open one-half of the divided glass window of its door and stuck her head out. I been watchin you Charles Krebs and you are a dork! she hollered.
Charles turned toward the grader and saw the mocking CJ looking down at him. Get outa that tractor! he yelled. Get outa that tractor! I saw it first! His blood began to boil. CJ had beaten him to the punch and now she held the high ground.
I aint gettin out! And I dont see no one whos gonna make me get out neither! CJ yelled back.
Charles charged at the huge machine. The step to the cab met him at his stomach and almost folded him in half. He looked up at the cab door and CJ looked down. He crawled up onto the step.
Dont be doin sumthin stupid, Candy Britches. Cause you aint gettin in here, CJ warned, looking down. She opened the door of the cab, stuck her barefoot out and found Charles forehead.
Charles pushed. CJ pushed back.
Charles let go of his handhold and reached for CJs ankle to knock her from his forehead. When he did, CJ gave him a shove and sent him flying from the cabs step. Charles teetered for a split second and fell from the step onto the dirt road. He landed square on his back and knocked some of the air from his lungs. A dark smudge covered most of his forehead. 
Charles stared up into the pale, blue sky above and didnt move. He finally raised an arm and pointed skyward.
You aint foolin me, said CJ. And I aint lookin.
Charles struggled to his feet, pointing to the sky the entire time. His pointing became far too much for CJ to bear and she leaned out of the cab and followed Charles finger skyward. 
A giant white rocket with a small black capsule bolted to its tip hung in the sky. It was magnificent and violent. Fire, erupting from the powerful chemical engines of the Atlas rocket, shook the atmosphere and created soft white clouds out of clear blue sky. The white, billowing clouds exploded from the hot, hellish exhaust gases and then, almost instantly, froze in place. The clouds, pure and laden with moisture. It was as if the giant, slender, cylindrical machine was building itself a towering pedestal of white to stand upon, so it could build more white and stand higher still. It rumbled, rose slowly and struggled against the forces of earth.
CJ and Charles watched in awestruck silence.
What CJ and Charles cant see and dont know, is that in the small, black, windowless capsule, riding high atop the fiery Atlas, is a chimpanzee named Enos.
Enos sat in the captains seat of his capsule, lashed to it in multiple ways, with his back towards earth. He wore a silver space suit and a large helmet with a huge, clear, Plexiglas face mask securely shut. The powerful thrust of the Atlas shook his capsule and his seat. The rocket had Enos shaking like the devil himself had crawled up under him. From a small speaker in his helmet, a trainer spoke to him softly. Far below, a controller pushed on a large, black button labeled, Throttle Up.
A cluster of technicians, tightly packed around and leaning over the ground controller, stared at a small, primitive cathode ray tube, intensely watching the blips being periodically displayed on the screen. Tension and emotion finally got the best of one of the them and he blurted out, Go you crazy monkey! Go! Theyre all in now.
Enos is no ordinary chimpanzee. Hes a NASA chimpanzee, Mark 1, Mod 1. And NASA chimps ride their rockets with courage and luck, the fastest kind. Enos is no exception. Hes a monkey with an attitude and a sure monkey smile. He rode bravely, for himself and his mission.
CJ and Charles watched as the giant Atlas turned downrange. The rocket headed out across the Atlantic and slowly, but surely, disappeared into the upper atmosphere. They watched until there was nothing left to see.
The powerful Atlas burned on until it burned itself out. When it did, the controller pushed on another large black button, igniting a half-dozen explosive bolts, violently separating the capsule from the spent engine. Now, what theyd done, could not be undone.
That day, five-year old Enos piloted a tiny spaceship, forever known as Mercury MA-5, to victory over undefeatable gravity. He left, far behind, those who didnt yet have what it took to ride a rocket. And on that brilliant day, Captain Enos, clad in silver and a smile, circled the earth twice. And he became the first living thing ever launched into orbit, by a people, who were, once upon a time, absolutely as real as iron.


###


From the Author:


Yep. Thats right. Im the guy who wrote this. Hey, I never said I was a good writer. The most I ever claimed is Im an above average storyteller. And thats all! And if youve never read any of my other works, well, theres a good reason for that. There arent any.
So, heres the deal. If you enjoyed the story and think it would be worthwhile for others, I have a request. Please post a review on whatever website you purchased this monstrosity. Otherwise, I will toil away in obscurity and youll likely be the only one to ever read these notes. And that would be a tragedy. For both of us.
And please remember what your mother always told you. (Im making an assumption here.) If you dont have anything nice to say, dont say anything at all. If your inclination is to tell the world, this sucks. I respectfully request you keep it to yourself. Cause that aint gonna do me no good at all.
Okay, now that we have the uncomfortable formalities out of the way, we can move on and discuss the book. As in, where the heck does this story come from? To be perfectly honest, Im not exactly sure. Its not like Ive been walking around with this story in my head, bugging me, until I just had to write it all down. I just sat down and started writing.
I think one part of the story comes from my fascination with how people see things. Well, fascination may not be the right word. Perplexed. Perplexed may be a better choice. Ive always been perplexed with the way people see things. I had a neighbor once, a woman in her 80s. I went over to see her one morning and she told me, Dont say anything until Ive finished. Im going to tell you what happened this morning, so dont say a word till you hear me out. Turns out she had a juicer and apparently several buttons on the juicer worked only intermittently. Before she pushed the button, she prayed about it. As luck would have it, when she pushed the button on the juicer, it worked. And she knew who fixed it. Absolutely knew. The juicer wasnt her only problem. Her son suffers from schizophrenia, as sad an illness as youll ever run across. Why God is always fixing the easy stuff and leaving the hard stuff for the local mental health clinic is a question I cant answer.
Another part of Fast Luck comes from a story my mother told me when I was very young. And I mean very, very young. I remember my mother telling me about the people who came and picked our oranges one day. My father had contracted with a fruit company to pick the oranges. Apparently, we had too many. They spread a couple of old mattresses under the trees and the parents would pick, drop the fruit onto the mattresses and the two children would gather them up and get them into the boxes. Whatever fruit missed the mattresses and split, that was their lunch.
I never saw them. Ive just always remembered the story. Why it stuck, I have no idea. Its weird how stuff imprints on you when youre young, sometimes for no apparent reason. I tried to get the mattresses into the story, but in the end, I just couldnt make it work.
Anyway, I ended up here, with what you just read. (Im making an assumption, again.) 
I cant think of anything else to say about Fast Luck. Oh, before I forget, thanks for reading. And if you made it this far, thank you very, very much for reading.

D.E. Morin
