The Legacy of Galvahir
The Punishment of the Gods: Book I
By Jake Yaniak

Copyright 2013 Jake Yaniak

All Rights Reserved

Smashwords Edition

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, events, and locations are fictitious or are used fictitiously. Any resemblances to actual events or persons, living or dead, are entirely coincidental.

Maps of Tel Arie may be found by visiting the Punishment of the Gods facebook page at:
https://www.facebook.com/ThePunishmentOfTheGods

For the author's blog, please visit here:
http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/6949089.Jake_Yaniak/blog



Dedicated to my beloved wife Sarah for her unfailing love and companionship, my parents for instilling in me a love for the fantastic, and to my brother and sisters, for their constant support, friendship and conversation.



Note From the Author
This book is the first part of the five-part epic fantasy story 'The Punishment of the Gods'. It is offered free to the reader as an introduction to the world of Tel Arie. If you enjoy this book, please remember to leave a review, and check out The Punishment of the Gods, available at Smashwords.com for only $2.99. This ebook may not be re-sold, but the reader is encouraged to share it with others.
Table of Contents
Introduction

Book I: The Legacy of Galvahir
Chapter I: The Troubled Son of Biron
Chapter II: Mityai's Testimony
Chapter III: Beautiful Peiraso
Chapter IV: The Goblins of Mount Coronis
Chapter V: The Usurper of Peiraso
Chapter VI: The Folly of Cheft Faros
Chapter VII: The Conjurers' Duel
Chapter VIII: The Exile of the Galvahirne

From The Author
About The Author



Introduction
In my account of what has lately been called the Welderan War, I have found it necessary to consider the conflict, not merely as it occurred, but by tracing the more important persons back to their roots. Only in this way have I been able to make the chaotic events of recent times understandable. My reader should not be surprised, then, to find that the first three books of this treatise seem, at first glance, alien one to another, and wholly separated. But when at last these three threads are bound together, as they are in the fourth and fifth books, then at last the whole tapestry will appear comprehensible where it might otherwise have seemed to be without sense or order.


Book I: 
The Legacy of Galvahir

Chapter I: 
The Troubled Son of Biron
Strange Dreams
There are two kinds of people in the world, those who speak whatever comes to their minds, whether for good or for ill, and those who for good or for ill do not. Daryas Galvahirne was of this latter class, though his people, the Noras, were almost entirely of the former. The Noras, and the Galvahirne Clan in particular, were known for being bold and strong-minded, if not thickheaded and rash; they were prone to speak hastily and without any thought of their audience. But young Daryas seemed to be nothing like his countrymen in this regard. He expressed himself sparingly, especially when it concerned his thoughts and sentiments. He was certainly not the sort of person who looked to others for counsel or advice without cause. But lately Daryas had been troubled by strange dreams and he found that he could no longer keep his troubled thoughts to himself. So when the day was over and the sun sank behind the peak of Mount Coronis, he set himself before a fire and laid his dark thoughts out before his friend. The two of them had been scouting in the mountains now for three days, but they had not yet found any trace of their enemies.
'The dream is always the same,' he explained, 'No matter how many times I dream it. And no matter how hard I try, nothing changes. I am always left in the end with the same riddle and the same fear.
'In my dream I am always running. There are trees all around me, and the sun is hidden from me completely. Whether it is night, or whether it is the canopy of leaves that hides the light from my eyes, I cannot tell. Why I am running I have never discovered, but nonetheless I am frantic, panting. I look down at the ground and see that I am leaving behind me a trail of blood.
'Abruptly I enter into a dark and ominous place and I hear a voice, but I see no one. A quiet but malicious voice says:
'"Answer me swiftly mortal, for I am about to die. Forget Hell and Flame; forget god and gavel. Leave behind you all superstition and sympathy and answer me truly. Why should I, at the moment of my death, choose that which is right over that which I have always desired? For I have paid my dues and now I have but one last choice to make."
'I am startled and I awake, never seeing who the speaker is; never able to tell what the dream portends.'
As far as young men go, there did not seem to be anything special about Daryas. He was by all accounts an average man, but of good birth. He was neither tall nor short, sturdy or frail; in every way it seemed that he was the perfect mean; 'Exceptionally unexceptional,' is how some of his father's peers described him.
He had dark brown hair, shorn just above his shoulders and even darker eyes. His brow was quite severe, giving him on the whole a grim appearance. Even in front of the bright firelight there was no sparkle in his eyes. He wore a heavy green cloak over a thick brown woolen shirt, the edges of which were adorned with a simple sylvan pattern sewn with dark green thread, and cloth trousers over which strips of fur and leather were patched together for warmth.
'Another night is coming,' Daryas said nearly in a whisper, 'and another dream with it.'
Hassan Oastirne sat silent for a moment and then after some thought he spoke. 'It isn't like you to share your dreams, Daryas,' Hassan grinned. 'And it is not at all like a man of Noras to be troubled with nightmares. I would have expected more courage from a Cheftan's son.'
'It isn't the dream itself,' Daryas said, now beginning to regret saying anything, 'It is the return of the dream - the constant return of this same dream night by night that is troubling me.' 
'Perhaps the dream means nothing.' Hassan suggested. 'I will tell you plainly, my friend, that I refuse to take any comfort in the thought that dreams portend things to come. That is the sort of thinking that will drive a man mad. I know what the sages say, but I pay it no heed. I've had too many useless dreams to believe in omens. Perhaps, if nothing else, you can take some comfort in that.'
Hassan was of the other class of men who speak quickly, often without giving his words a thought. He was as well known for his quick tongue as for his skill in battle.
Hassan was a tall, slender man with bright golden hair that betrayed his Knarse ancestry, for men of pure Noras blood were mostly dark haired. He was dressed in a similar cloak and wool shirt, though a bit lighter in color, and torn in a few places. He was unkempt and unwashed, even when he was not scouting in the mountains, though this generally did not seem to bother him. He was the sort of man who expected to attract very few friends, and this expectation of his was seldom disappointed. In fact, neither of the two seemed to be very interested in impressing their fellows. But for whatever reason, these two misfits found each other's company to be tolerable, and sometimes perhaps that is all that a friendship needs in order to born. 
Despite his lack of friends, Hassan had a good reputation among the Noras, for he was very skilled with the bow and the sword. Some said that in all his generation there was not his equal in Noras, with the exception of course, of Daryas' older brother.
Hassan was called Sion by his comrades, though nobody knew the origin of this peculiar name. The only thing they knew was that it had some secret meaning, which only he understood, and that he hated his right name with ardor. His father was a Knarse sailor who set sail never to return when Sion was a very small boy. His mother, who was from a very ancient and honorable family of Noras, returned to her native country with the boy and was married to a Cheftan named Ponteris Oastirne. Her marriage to a man of noble blood restored at least some of the honor that had been stripped from her family during her ill-fated sojourn among the 'golden-heads'.
Cheft Ponteris seemed to resent Sion, as he served as a constant reminder of his wife's former lover. It seemed to Cheft Ponteris that it would have been better for the man to have died than to have simply run off. As it was, he could never quite rest easy knowing that somewhere on the wide oceans of the world sailed the man who was the rightful father of his heir. His own dreams were frequently haunted by the return of a vengeful man of the sea, coming to claim his son and bride.
There was also a great deal of gossip and whispering about the marriage of a noble-born Cheftan to a woman who was by no means a virgin. But for reasons of his own Cheft Ponteris took the woman as his wife and adopted her son as his own and granted him all the privileges of a Cheftirne, that is, a Cheftan's son. But of this we will learn more when the time comes.
For his part Sion detested his stepfather, and resented the fact that his mother's affections were wasted on him.

Daryas was sharpening the edge of his knife against a stone, which gave his anxious hands something to busy themselves with while he spoke. Sion, in contrast, sat perfectly calm, not seeming to notice his comrade's nervous motions. 
The two men were sitting before the entrance of a small cloth shelter on the side of a hill. The Coronan mountain range loomed high above them to the west, casting a dark shadow over their tiny camp and all the lands that lay behind them.
Daryas sighed. He was no more eager to find a meaning in his nightmare than his friend. He paused for a moment and then continued, 'Still, it is hard to ignore such a consistent and alarming vision. And the same dream, so many nights in a row hardly seems like an unhappy coincidence. Can this really be the work of chance alone?'
'But if not chance then what?' Sion laughed. 'Are you a seer now?'
'Don't mock me,' Daryas smiled, trying to pretend he was not insulted, 'or I will not tell you your fortune.'
Sion laughed heartily.
'You see, you do not take me seriously. Now I cannot tell you about the beautiful wife you were going to have.'
'WERE going to have?' Sion protested.
'You have angered the gods, and now you have to marry a farmer's daughter.'
'And I shall be all the happier for it, I am sure,' Sion said as he rose from his seat and stretched his arms above his head. 'It is getting late and I do not want to anger the gods any further tonight.'
'Then goodnight to you,' Daryas said, growing more irritated. Sion looked down at his comrade for a moment and then sat back down.
'Are you going to stay awake all night?' Sion asked.
'Perhaps.'
'But what about sleep? Even seers must sleep, right?'
'I try not to sleep these days,' Daryas said as he threw another log onto the fire. For a moment their faces were illuminated as the log ignited and the ashes and sparks were unsettled.
 'Tell me Daryas, do you really feel that your dreams are some kind of omen?'
'If you mean to ask what I feel, I will have to say that I feel that they are omens. But if you want to know what I think, I cannot say. All I can say for certain is that if they are an omen then I am destined to be a very unhappy man, for the dreams terrify me.' Daryas shuddered slightly as he spoke. Sion tossed a few small sticks into the fire and stood up once more. 
'I will not sleep tonight,' Daryas said gloomily.
'Fight it as you may,' Sion answered, 'but I do not expect you will last long. For in the end Sleep will prove to be the master. At any rate, I am going to rest. I will let you take the first watch, since you are afraid to shut your eyes. Do not fret your dreams my friend, for they are more likely inspired less by gods and devils than by the spiced meats and moldy bread we've been eating since we left Galva Hall.'
With those words he left Daryas and entered their small shelter. He flopped down on a blanket and was quickly overcome by sleep. Daryas remained outside staring at the fire as it danced and flickered. He sat there for a long time, until the embers died down and all the world became black. Yet he did not dare shut his eyes until the sun returned from its nightly exile to warm the eastern sky behind him.

Daryas was the son of a Noras Cheftan named Biron Galvahirne. They were descended from the ancient hero Galvahir of whose fascinating tale I shall have more to say at another time. Cheft Biron was the master of the largest estate in Noras, which had been in his family's possession for the past seven generations. Of the Nine Clans of Noras, those who were born of the sons of Galvahir were considered the fiercest and strongest. They were not much taller than their Noras brethren, but their features were more harsh and their shoulders more broad, giving them a more formidable appearance. For this reason they were customarily made use of in the defense of Noras. They were particularly intimidating when clad in armor and mounted on a sturdy Noras war-horse, though the thick woods in which they lived made the use of the Galvahirne Cavalry very rare indeed. 
Their hair was almost always dark brown or black, which they traditionally wore at shoulder length, though some of the older men would allow their hair to grow almost to their waists.
To say that the Galvahirne were forbearing would not give their legendary strength and endurance nearly the notice it deserves. It was often said among the Noras that, 'As the minstrel loves song and the miser loves gain; so ardently and avidly do the Galva love pain.'
Such was their reputation among their fellow Noras. The stories that have circulated about the manner in which certain admittedly brutish members of their clan discipline their own children would have appalled any outsider. From their earliest history down to the present day it seemed that this group of men were fashioned with iron for bones and leather for skin. Those who rose to prominence among them wore the scars of their nightmarish childhoods like trophies or prizes.
In this peculiar setting, Daryas was born. He was the second and last son of Cheft Biron, born to him by his wife Marima, who was of the noble Cossirne family. In her youth she was considered one of the most beautiful ladies in Noras, and so her joining to Cheft Biron was no small incident in Noras. Her family sent her to Peiraso, for that was what Lord Biron's estate was called, adorned in a brilliant white dress made from the finest silk. On her head she wore an elaborate crown of silver and diamond. With her came a train of servants bearing gifts and presents for her new husband. Nearly two thousand Noras attended their wedding; nearly all of them from the more important families.
It was not long after this that she bore her first son, whom I will describe at another time. And about six years after that she gave birth to her second son, Daryas. Cheft Biron insisted upon this name in honor of the astral lord who was said to have saved the world at the end of the Arbori Wars. He was so named because on the night of his birth a star fell from the sky and streaked through the air like a flaming whip, before splitting in two and burning out.
Lady Marima was opposed to the 'pretentious' name, but Cheft Biron's will was immovable. He explained:
'I looked in the eyes of our child and I saw the reflection of a star. It was bright, as bright as the great constellations of which the poets sing. But something was lacking, for with every sparkle of this star came a twinkle of darkness. This light waxed and waned like the flickering of a candle tossed about by the breeze. 
'Each life is like a falling star, gleaming across the span of the sky in brilliance and flame. Some light up the world in the light of their wisdom. Others flicker for a moment and pass on. Some burn up in the air long before their journey's end. 
'In the dark of night it appeared; an erring orb of flame. Dashing to and fro, rising and then descending. Bright red in color, brilliant, swift, but treacherous in movement and reckless in flight. Finally, it came to the outermost edge of the sky and burst into flames. At once its outside parts were burned up, revealing the inner parts. As I watched I saw a stone of immense size and of an obscure form now split in two from its violent intrusion on the Mortal Realm. The finer part descended slowly and serenely over the wooded lands in the north while the baser part screamed into the west like a hawk searching for its prey. I know not where it fell. On that night, under a spectacle of astral beauty, a soul was born. I name him Daryas, after the Lord of the Stars, who leads the armies of heaven in battle against the darkness of night.'
As a name, it was a symbol of the strength and preeminence of the Galvahirne people. But Daryas never quite fit the description. He was constantly ridiculed and taken advantage of as a child. He was not weak, but for whatever reason, he refused to defend himself. His father taught him and his brother to fight, but Daryas would never put what he had learned into practice. Against all the conventions of his people he refused to defend his honor, which to all others seemed to be more important than life itself. To his mind, solitude and silence seemed more virtuous than a good name.
He was quiet and obedient, but nevertheless a poor student. It was not that he was lacking in wisdom or intelligence, but for whatever reason he seemed to be cursed with a sort of apathy that kept him from striving for the honors that his birth and education were expected to bring him.
It was always in his father's mind to train his sons for the defense and preservation of Noras, even as his own father had done. Every day they were trained in the arts of combat as well as the politics of Eastern Weldera. Daryas' brother learned all of these willingly and enthusiastically. Daryas, however, was driven through his education like a beast of the field. In his youngest years his mother quite literally had to restrain him and teach him his letters by force. As he grew older things remained much the same, and the only thing Cheft Biron could do to coerce him into studying was to threaten him with depravations.
Regarding Goblins
But whether Daryas was prepared or not, war had come to Noras. Scouts arrived in Galva on the fifteenth day of Primus with dreadful news. Goblins had been seen on the slopes of Mount Coronis and the villages of Wesla and Cronla were all but abandoned. 
'Only the burnt husks remain where the homes once stood,' the scouts reported. 'Only those who were too old and sickly to fight now remain. All the others are either slain or taken. Many men lay dead upon the ground, but of the women and children we have seen no sign.'
Of course those who were taken had no hope of rescue, for the goblins are not human enough to demand ransom. That would require a sort of cunning with which nature has not equipped them. 'Of the women, they will too soon learn the ways of the goblins, and the children will too soon forget the ways of mankind. My only hope,' lamented Cheft Biron as he spoke to the Galva Council, 'is that they will learn and forget swiftly, and suffer little. But we must be mindful, my brethren, that whatever course we take, whether we march or stay, we can do nothing for these poor stolen lives. If we stay, we leave them to their misery. But if we march, we bring Death upon their heads by our own hand.'
'Nevertheless,' Cheftan Ponteris added, 'we cannot leave such crimes unavenged. These goblins must be stopped, lest we find ourselves gathering again to discuss the ravaging of Oastir-la and Lavri-la in a year's time. These children and these wives and mothers - we must think of them as we do our own beloved families. Would we leave our blades sheathed if it was our own towns and cities that were being razed and robbed by these wild men?'
With these words and many others Cheft Ponteris and Cheft Biron moved the Council to action. 'We must act with urgency,' Ponteris said impassionedly. 'For the other Clans of Noras will not be so eager to come to our defense should these goblins encroach upon our lands. As it has been from the beginning, it is to Galvahir and his sons that we must look for our protection.'
He spoke these words to the Galvahirne, and he knew that they were well received. For the sons of Galvahir, more than all of the other Clans of Noras, understood the dangers these devilish creatures represented.
But there are many these days, particularly in areas far removed from the haunts of these wild men, who have only a very inadequate notion of what a goblin is. To listen to some talk, you would think there was very little difference between a goblin and a man. On the other hand there are those who see them as stupid animals and no more. But as is very often the case, the truth lies somewhere between the extremes.
Those who belittle the goblins as simple brutes are both unwise and unskilled. The creatures are lacking in reason, but they are clever nonetheless, and only a fool would belittle the danger of an enemy who combines strength and cunning with passion and instinct.
Many otherwise great warriors have met their end for being of this unfortunate opinion. Old Cheft Ghinges, who led an army of two-thousand men into the Megd-la pass to drive out the goblins in that region some two-hundred years ago, was of this mistaken belief. With two thousand he entered the passes, but scarcely four hundred men returned, all because he took their nature for granted. Thinking them to be less than human he marched against them expecting his brilliant stratagems to grant him the victory. But goblins do not respond very graciously toward strategies! The natural passions of the wild men combined with their unpredictability are more than enough to frustrate even the most carefully crafted plans. Many proud incursions on their territory have been quickly transformed into humiliating retreats for lack of this consideration. It is true what they say in the Dadron schools, 'In all the arts a little knowledge can be more perilous than a great deal of ignorance.'
This is, as most of the lore of Dadron is, very sound counsel. But equally true, though said in less refined terms, are the last recorded words of the misguided Cheft Ghinges: 'These devils have no regard for strategy! They are an army of madmen.' A lesson learned, but at too late an hour!
And of course goblins don't care about things like strategy. Aside from the basic animal concerns like food and water, goblins are primarily motivated by two principles: Envy and Emulation.
It is basically understood that goblins will do nearly anything for something shiny. They will pay any price, risk any danger, and suffer any torture for the sake of something that happens to captivate their desire. This concern forms the foundation of their societies.
The goblin who possesses the most wealth becomes what we refer to as a 'hob-goblin'. And his rule is established by cleverly sharing his excess with the groveling hordes of goblins that want what he wants but don't have the strength or courage to take it from him. He accordingly gives the most presents to the strongest goblins to 'court' their loyalty. These 'Orcs', as they are commonly called, become his bodyguards and protect him from the weaker goblins.
This is a delicate system, however, since the moment it seems apparent that the hob-goblin is vulnerable and that another can take his place, he is swiftly and mercilessly overthrown. Hob-goblins do not die of old age.
Such is the motivation for the 'higher' goblins. The lesser, for whom power and privilege is unattainable, are guided by a pathetic sort of imitation. They 'emulate' each other, copying to the most minute detail the behavior, attire and even the noises of the other goblins; especially the 'higher' goblins.
Aside from those, like poor old Ghinges, who are confounded by their underestimate of the brutes, there are others who find themselves just as perturbed by overestimating the wisdom of their foes. Those who see goblins as more human than animal are wholly unprepared for the horrors that follow in the wake of a goblin conquest. For all intents and purposes, goblins have no conscience. With a little thought, anyone can come to this conclusion by his own reflection; but I think that we often take it for granted exactly how horrid a creature as clever as a goblin can become. Human soldiers, as hardened as they may become will by necessity retain some fleeting sense of humanity. But it is precisely that humanity which the goblins lack. They do not think of the future; they do not consider the consequences of their actions; in fact they do not consider much of anything that is not an immediate concern of their senses.
That is not to say that goblins have nothing that resembles a conscience. It is well known that they empathize with their own kind. Some goblins have been known to even risk their own lives to rescue their companions, especially their own kin. It is said that a goblin mother is the fiercest of all protectors; and in far away lands, where goblins are seldom seen, children's rhymes have even been written about these ferocious mothers.
But aside from these guttural sensitivities the goblins have no real sense of justice, no sense of honor, and no sense of decency; at least none that resembles the more developed moral faculties of human beings!
On the battlefield this characteristic has a terrifying effect on even some of the most hardened warriors. Brave though they may be, there is no way to prepare for the terror that comes from an enemy that does not hesitate in its strikes, and does not wince at the sight of blood. 
But in terms of mere appearances humans and goblins are actually quite similar. They are both somewhat ape-like in form and both rely more on cunning than on strength.
The chief difference then would seem to be the strength of reasoning that our spoken languages provide. It would be very alien to my purposes here to give a full explanation of the dependence our superiority over the brutes has on our ability to utilize language, but suffice it to say the mental capabilities of humans and goblins are almost in every way the same, save for this one difference. But as history has shown, it is mankind who raises himself above the other beasts and lives in stone-hewn walls with roaring fires to warm his feet while the goblin lives in frigid mountain caves with the rotting bones of his ancestors tucked in every reeking corner. 

There was a well-known case that occurred sometime in the previous century in which a young goblin child was captured by hunters in the southern part of the Noras Forest and came to live among the humans for a time. As might be expected, he was at first carted around in a cage from town to town to be shown to gawking women and children. 'A True Wild-man from the Mountains!' was the way they announced their spectacle. And for at least two years this scheme was quite successful. But inevitably the people lost interest and the child was abandoned. He survived, it was believed, by stealing fruit and meat from some of the merchants in Daeva City and by catching fish in the Libron River.
Some wealthy widows who lived at the time in the country just outside of Daeva took a liking to this boy. They paid a great sum to have him apprehended and carried off to their estate about a half a day's journey north of the city. The ladies pampered the boy 'mercilessly'. At least that is what they were accused of, however peculiar an accusation that may be. They gave him every comfort that their great wealth could afford. He was bathed and groomed, and his hair was neatly cut and combed. In every way they attempted to change him into a human child. They even had a switch made of soft wood that they would use to 'discipline the brute'.
And as goblins excel in emulation, their design almost seemed to work and the boy once again became a spectacle. In his early adulthood, he became quite handsome to look at, a quality that attracted no small amount of attention from those idle rich women whom have little more to do than whisper and giggle about secrets and scandals.
He never quite learned to speak, though he came to understand what was said to him with almost perfect clarity, or so it was believed. He even seemed to be able to imitate some of the more gentlemanly behaviors like bowing and kissing the hands of noble women. He became so proficient at this that there was even talk of having him take a wife and live on his own. Some stories, all of them from many years later, even describe him memorizing and reciting speeches and poetry to seduce various maidens and princesses. While that is almost certainly untrue, it does allow us a glimpse at the degree at which his reputation for imitating all things human had arrived.
But all of this dreaming came to an abrupt closure. One particularly harsh winter was all that it took to reveal that the brute was in fact, still a brute.
The roads to the ladies' estate were impassible due to an enormous snowfall. And for nearly an entire month the estate was completely cut off from its source of provision. This depravation proved to be too much for the brute and he 'just went mad' as the servants later described.
I'm afraid that I must close my description of this creature here; for the crimes, if it be right to call them crimes, were so gruesome and so disturbing to the rational mind that it would not be fit to even hint at them.
There was a trial and a sentence and for the last time the poor goblin was made a public spectacle. Naturally he showed no sign of remorse, except that throughout the whole trial he hid his hands behind his back. Some of the servants of his ill-fated benefactresses later explained that he was always struck on the hands with a switch when he was 'a bad child'. Apparently this youth was cunning enough to understand that what he had done would bring him some sort of punishment. But he was certainly not rational enough to comprehend the shame and wickedness of his betrayal. He was hanged the morning after his trial.
Hopefully this anecdote will suffice to illustrate the nature of these creatures to those who may have had little experience with them. Experience is the master teacher, however, and I'm afraid that no matter how well I describe them I will leave only an inadequate idea of what they are truly like. 
The Land of Noras
It was not uncommon for goblins to be seen in the Coronan Mountains. They had lived in the secret paths and caves of the western mountains for several thousand years, even before the coming of the Noras. But before I say anything more about these, I had better make my reader a little more acquainted with their land and its surroundings.
In the Northeastern corner of the continent the Ancients named Weldera there is a land called Falsis. 
Now Falsis is one of the colder regions in Tel Arie. For at least three months out of the year the land lies buried beneath deep mounds of snow. The third winter month of Frohest is notoriously brutal. Were it not for the exceptionally fertile soil to be found in the eastern plains and the abundance of deer and other game in the northwest woodlands it would be difficult to imagine any group of people deciding to settle there. 
For many ages this land was a neglected wilderness inhabited by barbarians, delvers, goblins and many other evil things. But a strange and bold race of men who were to become known as the Noras appeared on the eastern shores about two-thousand years ago. They grew in numbers and strength until they had either eliminated the barbaric men who preceded them or absorbed them into their own ranks. It is not known from whence they came originally, though it is most likely from some place in Olgrost or Vestron, which lie far to the east over the Kollun Sea.
But they were so fierce and strong that they swiftly overcame their enemies and subdued all the land from the eastern sea to the western mountains; altogether their country was more than seven-hundred leagues from east to west and just under five-hundred leagues from north to south.
In the northwest the Coronan Mountains marked the edge of their dominion. These mountains stretched from the Frozen Sea in the north to the Gap of Amla some three-hundred leagues to the south. But the mountains also stretched out toward the east along the northern shore for about one-hundred and seventy-five leagues. It was in the shadow of these mountains that the Noras met their doom and their destiny.
Coronis, or 'the Crown', is the tallest mountain in Weldera, rising high above all the other mountains around it. It was called Coronis because of the effect created when the sun passed over its peak on its daily journey. Each evening as twilight came, the 'Sun itself crowns Coronis, lord of Tel Arie, with its golden rays.'
Tucked between Mount Libros, the eastern-most peak of the Coronan Mountains, and Falguar the southernmost peak, was a great forest of pine trees called the Gavl Wood, from whence the name Galvahir is derived. In this enormous forest the Noras encountered the fierce devil Agon. 
Being ignorant of the danger, and having been promised blessings and prosperity, many of the chief families of the Noras moved their people into the Gavl Woods. But they were deceived, and soon found themselves the slaves of an evil god, who demanded their very flesh as a sacrifice. For nearly five-hundred years they suffered under the bondage of Agon, until the Nine Heroes of the Noras appeared.
As terrible as things were within the forest, things had not gone much better for those on the outside. Time and war conspired against the Noras and they were soon beaten back by the swords and spears of Knarse invaders from Titalo. The Noras either fell on the battlefields, fled into the darkness of Gavl, or surrendered their cities and their daughters to the golden-haired conquerors.
But even these bold men would not dare approach the shadow that lay over the forest. They fixed their border at the Libron River, which flows south from Mount Libros. They left seventy leagues at least between them and the edge of haunted Gavl, where the last remnant of true-blooded Noras dwelt.
The eastern portion of Falsis became known as Daevaron and its people were from that day on a mix between the golden-haired Knarse and the stout Noras as well as many other races that later came to settle along the eastern shore. 
Some fifteen-hundred years ago, with help from the Fortress of Dadron, the Nine Heroes of Noras appeared in the Gavl woods and fought against the devil-king Agon. They drove him out of his dark lair and over the mountains of Coronan, forever to dwell in the wastelands beyond.
The Nine Heroes divided the forest of Gavl, which they renamed Noras.
Each portion of the forest was named after one of the Nine Ancient Heroes. Nestled in the northwest corner of Noras was the land of Cossa-la, where lived the descendants of Cossa who were called Cossirne. To the east, from the crossing of the Gavl River to the edge of the woods was the land of Dae-la, where the sons of Dael dwelt. Their land stretched fifty leagues from the Northern Coronan Mountains south until the land fell away into the lowlands of Lavri-la, home of the Lavrilirne. The sons and daughters of Lavri held the largest piece of land in Noras, stretching from the border of Dae-la for over one hundred leagues to the south where the forest ended.
South of Cossa-la, running south along the western foothills were the lands of the Shaflirne and the Megdlirne. Beyond these lands the land of Coran-la, where the Coranirne lived stretched out under the shadow of the Great Mountains of Coranan, of whom Mount Coronan was chief.
If you were to follow the southward course of the Gavl River, which comes from the streams of Mount Gavl, you would come, after twenty-five leagues, to the region of Galva-la and the city of Galva which rules over the descendents of Galvahir. After passing through the city, the Gavl opens up and becomes a lake, which after twenty leagues or so flows into the land of Oastir-la. After fifty leagues, Gavl narrows once again and rushes out of the land of the Oastirne into the valley of the Vivlirne, which is called Vivlir-la. Due to their advantageous position, the Vivlirne profit the most from the trade that flows down the Gavl on the way to the Falsi River. Dae-la and Lavri-la also did a considerable amount of commerce with the neighboring peoples, but the bulk of Noras' resources came from Galva-la, Oastir-la, and Vivlir-la. For this reason, and because of the renowned strength of their warriors, these clans were at times called the Pillars of Noras; it was said that it was, 'upon their shoulders that the structure had been built and preserved.'
It was common in the Noras Forest to find maps drawn of their realm depicting their borders as different parts of one great tree. The eastern and western lands were green boughs hanging low, while the 'Pillars' ran up the middle along the Gavl River to form the all-supporting trunk. This was called the 'Tree of Noras' and it was embroidered on all of their banners and painted on the fronts of all their shields.
The Libron River originates on Mount Libros and flows gently down through the hills and cut its way south for a hundred leagues before it split into its two branches, the Southern Libron and the Daeva Libron. The Daeva Libron ran almost due east and gathered in the great lake of Daeva, where the city of the same name was built. The Southern Libron continued south until it joined with the Falsi River, which flowed from Mount Coronis. At the very point where these two rivers met, Dadron the Great was built. 
Were I to write all that could be written about that city I suspect there would be no end to the books that I could pen. But by the time of my story, Dadron's glory was past and its original inhabitants had either been slain or driven deep into exile.
The Falsi River flowed down from Mount Coronis in a powerful torrent and cut its way through rock and hill making its way east toward the sea. After about one hundred and fifty leagues it joins with the Gavl River, which originates in the north, and these two wind their way southeast until they join with the Southern Libron in Dadron.
Falsis was once a prominent country with traders and merchants coming from all over Tel Arie. But the terrible wars of the last age had essentially cut them off from the rest of the world. In the conflagration that engulfed the region much of the history and sciences of Dadron were lost, and so most of the inhabitants of Falsis now had only a very imperfect notion of what lay outside their mountainous borders. The general belief was that to the north, beyond the Rocky Coast, was the end of the world or the land of the gods. To the south beyond the Solsis mountains they were convinced lay the ruined cities of the Ancients, filled with monsters and treasures and every other inhabitant of dreams and fairy-tales. To the east they were pretty sure there was an island called Kollun where they had something they called 'Democracy', but none of them properly understood the meaning of this. And beyond Kollun lay the ancient homeland of all mankind in Olgrost.
To the west was the Amla wilderness and the immense Amlaman Kingdom. Merchants and traders still traveled to and from Amlaman each springtime and harvest bringing furs from Noras and returning with spices and fruits from Amlaman. Beyond Amlaman, somewhere on the northwestern coast of Weldera, was the pirate city of Titalo. Most of what was commonly believed about this place was the result of imagination rather than truth, but the occasional sighting of 'golden-headed barbarians' sailing past the northern coasts was enough to keep this idea alive in the hearts and fears of the Noras. But the only real enemy the Noras had, at least at this particular time in history, were the goblins. 
For some reason goblins love mountains. Since the ancient times they have survived in considerable numbers in the high-places of the Coronan Mountains. Despite several major campaigns aimed at their elimination they continued to thrive in the northwestern portion of the range where it is difficult for human armies to march. Occasionally one of these large groups would begin raiding Noras villages, usually during winter months when they lacked food or clothing. These were dealt with harshly; the only adequate solution seemed to be annihilation. So those tribes of goblins that remained would learn by experience, that is, by the experience of those goblins that were destroyed, to keep away from the humans.
So when the scouts returned to Galva Hall, just two days before Daryas' seventeenth birthday, the Galva Council was called to an emergency meeting. It had been a particularly harsh winter and they could not leave the crimes committed by these desperate creatures unrequited. In only a matter of two days, the Council decided on war. 
The Spirit Mityai
Though he could not see her, Daryas was being watched the whole while by a slender sprite named Mityai, who lay hidden behind a tree. It was habit alone that made her hide, for no mortal eyes would be able to see her either by the light of moon or of the sun. Through the whole night she remained motionless; silently watching him as he fought a fierce battle against his own weariness. But the moment she saw the sun rise over the eastern hills she darted away, leaving Daryas and Sion behind. Her swift feet carried her down the hillside and across the Falsi River toward the Noras forest. As she passed through the woods she left in her wake a swift but gentle breeze, barely enough to knock the dried leaves from the branches as she sped through.
She came upon a clearing and stopped suddenly when she saw a farmer with his sons cutting down a tall fir tree. Without a sound she leaped out of sight and hid her invisible body behind the trunk of a tree. There she stayed for some time until she could convince herself that the man and his boys had not noticed her. When all their heads were turned she sprung from her hiding place and darted past them. Her passing made no sound at all and left nothing in its wake save the gentle shuddering of a few fallen leaves.
When her swift feet had come to the western shores of the Gavl River she turned abruptly and darted to the north. She did not stop running even when she came to the great wall of South Lake, the famous dam that held back the Gavl and formed the Gavl Lake. 
The lake itself had been formed by the Noras over three hundred years ago. They built a log dam at the southern edge of the high-forest allowing the water to be collected in one place for the use of the Oastirne and Galvahirne. This also gave the northern lands of the Vivlirne a respite from the relentless flow of the Gavl, drying the land enough for several settlements to be built. It was made of logs and stones placed together strategically to stop the flow of the river. It was like most of the things the Noras built: more durable than it was beautiful.
The dam itself was something of a marvel. To the untrained eye it looked as though it would burst any moment and flood the lowlands in a torrent of raging waters. But the Noras were careful builders and took as much care in the soundness of their constructions as they did pride in their sensibility. Disdain for niceties and adornments was quite common in Noras, especially among those who were not among the nobility. Wealth has a way of softening even those with the thickest skins, and poverty, accordingly has its own ways of toughening up those who might otherwise prefer the pillow to the plow. Nobility will always involve a certain degree of comfort, but in Noras a reputation for practicality and strength was of greater worth than many fine and delicate possessions.
At the southern edge, where the dam was built, the land sloped down rapidly forming a natural border between the Noras Highlands and the Coronan Region in the south and west.
Mityai now climbed that mighty dam with ease and darted across the surface of the water toward the north, no more disturbing its surface than the gentle trickle of a spring rain. Even here in the full light of the sun she passed unseen by mortal eyes. Her long starlight dress flickered and danced on the surface of the water like fireflies blown about in the wind, but no more than this 'trick of light' could be seen of her.
She ran on until she came to Galva, on the northern shore of the Gavl lake on the eastern shore of the Gavl River. Galva was the largest city in the Noras Forest and one of the most prosperous, though even here the houses were not much adorned. The Noras loved log houses and roaring fires; they never quite adapted to the methods of their Daevaron neighbors, who built houses of brick and mortar.
She made her way to the center of the city and found Galva Hall, the long council house of the Galvahirne. Warily she peeked her head above the windows and looked inside. There was a large fire burning in the great stone chimney, but the house seemed to be empty save for a few servants who were busying themselves elsewhere. Mityai gently lifted the glass from its place and slipped through the window into the council hall without a sound. She walked beneath the bright beams of morning light that were pouring into the hall from the east. Her silvery hair danced about like specks of dust as she disturbed the stale air of the wooden hall. 
The walls of the hall were built of enormous logs, each carefully interposed upon one another and cemented with tar. There was a large fireplace on the southern end of the hall with giant stones piled upon one another all the way up to the dark wooden ceiling. On the east and western walls there were small windows set about four feet apart from one another along the length of the hall. The hall was large, but surprisingly narrow for its purpose. It could seat over one hundred men, but there was no more than a shoulder's breadth of space between the backs of their tall wooden chairs and the wall on either side. But this narrowness made the hall as warm as it was austere, which was an especially important quality in the middle of the fierce Noras winter.
On the northern end of the hall there was a broad opening, covered by a thick deerskin curtain. Beyond this was the kitchen, the pantry and the servants' quarters. The fire in the main hall was now quite low, though every now and again the servants would come and revive it with a few logs and a lot of fanning. But for now they had little need of heat in that quarter and focused their efforts on the great oven in the kitchen, where most of their work was to be done. There had been a small meeting early that morning regarding some trivial matter, and the dishes and bowls still remained on the table with scraps of food and half filled mugs. To the Noras it would have been unthinkable to do any sort of political business, however small and inconsequential it might seem, without having a good hearty meal to go along with it.

'You were expected three days ago, Mityai,' a booming voice startled her as she walked into the center of the room.
'I could not leave him, my lord,' she said shyly with here eyes fixed on the floor. 'He suffers so greatly, my lord. You must let him rest; you must free him from these awful dreams. I have watched him at night, when the spirits vex him. It makes my heart sick to see him so weary and so afraid. He fights sleep, master, and even Old Man Sleep cannot overpower his will.'
'That is not your concern, Mityai, you are a messenger, not a warrior or a counselor. If I send you for news, you will bring me news. It is not your strong mind that made me choose you for my servant. It is your swift feet and your keen eyes that made you desirable.'
'Yes my lord Pelas,' Mityai said sadly. Her heart sunk, and if she were able she would have wept.
'Do not fear, child,' Pelas said. 'I will not punish you. But many days have now passed since we've heard any tidings from the army of Galva. Tell me all that you have seen.'

Chapter II: 
Mityai's Testimony
Morning Departure
Lord Pelas, like Mityai, was clearer than the smoothest glass and lighter than a wisp of wind. He was much older and wiser, however, and his presence inspired awe even among mortals, though he walked among them unseen and unheard. He ruled over the spirits of Falsis from his throne in Dadron, but he often traveled to Galva to aid the Cheftans in council. He was particularly fond of the Galvahirne, for reasons that will be explained in due course. He beckoned her to begin her tale.
She began her account in her usual tone, which was soft and unsure. Pelas complained and commanded her to speak louder. He told her not to avert her eyes, not to fidget or wave her hands as she spoke, and many other things. Partly due to her own timidity and partly due to Lord Pelas' constant interruptions and interrogations her testimony came out only very slowly and in fragments. She would start the tale here and jump to another portion as Lord Pelas bid her. Then she would be told to return to the beginning and 'leave nothing out'. Then she was ordered to say 'only that which is of the utmost importance'.
The content of her account, when pieced together without her trembling, without jumping from one portion to another, and mostly without Lord Pelas' constant interruptions, is as follows:

It was before dawn on the twentieth day of the month the mortals call Primus when Daryas left his parents' home. He made no sound as he crept through the halls toward the front door. He did not wish to wake his mother, as the Lady Marima was as yet recovering from a long illness. Daryas had bid his father and mother farewell the previous night.
But as he stopped near the front door to gather his belongings, his mother addressed him with a soft and kind voice, 'You are not going to leave without saying farewell, are you my son?' Daryas was startled and turned toward his mother.
There behind him stood Lady Marima with a small cloth bag in her palm, which she was nervously rotating and passing from one trembling hand to the other. Her raven black hair was beginning to show the first signs of gray, and her face was pale and thin.
'Mother,' Daryas whispered, 'You need your rest.'
'This is for you,' his mother said as she handed him the bag. 'It is a loaf of bread, the sort that your brother and you love so much. And some dried venison as well.'
'Goodbye mother,' Daryas said as he took the bread and kissed his mother's hands. 'I will return to you.'
'May Pelas grant you good fortunes, my son.'
With those words and with one final embrace, Marima and her youngest son parted.

Daryas made his way swiftly through the streets, only stopping once to gaze back at his father's home. Though most of his youth was spent far from the city on his father's estate at Peiraso he was still loth to leave the comforts of the city of Galva, such as they were. 'Anything is better than the cold,' he murmured.
About an hour after he started out he met the son of Ponteris in front of his father's apartment. 'What's in the sack, Daryas?' was the first thing to pass through Hassan's lips.
'Bread,' he answered, 'and some meat, I think.'
'Hmm. How like her,' Hassan said as he lifted his own pack over his shoulders. 'I had to steal all of my provisions.'
Hassan looked back at his home once more before they left, and then he spat with a look of anger in his eyes. Daryas said nothing, he had become quite accustomed to his comrade's bitterness.
'It's unbecoming of a nobleman's son,' Hassan laughed as they walked away toward the western edge of Galva, 'to treat his parents with such disdain.'
Daryas only looked at him with a sorrowful look.
Hassan continued, 'But then again, I'm no nobleman's son. The devil told me so himself. He said to me last week, "I brought you in out of the streets out of the goodness of my own heart. Your mother was not the only desperate beggar in Noras, I could have left her to rot."'
'Did he really say all of that?' Daryas asked, not as incredulous as one ought to be when a friend says such a thing about his step-father.
'Something very close to it at least. Or at least he said something that implied all of that. Nobody ever tells the truth directly, my friend. No, they find much better ways to show you their hatred. Sometimes they'll even say something wicked about you with nothing but kind words. But that's the truth about how Cheft Ponteris feels about his wench's bastard.'
'Now you speak evil of your mother?' Daryas shook his head.
'And why not? Your mother gave you a loaf of bread to fill your plump little belly. My own dear mother is more likely to steal my last crumb and offer it as a sacrifice to Cheft Ponteris, her mighty benefactor.'
By the time these two reached the Gavl River the sun had already risen, revealing to their eyes a great multitude. Many warriors from the surrounding villages had joined the men of Galva on the banks of the river, awaiting the long march to the mountains.

Standing in the midst of them, tall and strong, was Cheftan Faros. His graying brown hair was very light for a Noras, and he kept it trimmed short and clean, but otherwise he looked every bit a Galvahirne. His eyes gleamed with intelligence as the sunlight illuminated his face. He wore a bright green cape, chain armor and a shining steel helmet. At his side he wore an ornate wooden scabbard and over his shoulder hung a strong wooden shield.
There were many other great warriors beside him. Swagar Prostirne the bard and his seven sons came from the northern woods with bows of ivory and arrows of oak, poison dipped. Pater Borirne with twenty young warriors from the western shores of Galva, each armed with new swords and sharpened spears. There was Tiltos the son of the High Priest of Galva, who came with a hundred warriors, ready for battle with wooden shields and battle axes. Also among the warriors were Gergius Gergirne and his son Jebda, also many of the sons of Clinlor and Mallor, who were reknown for their skill in battle. There were also many men of the Cossirne and Vivlirne gathered amongst their brethren, prepared for war.

Hassan and Daryas were put among the archers, of whom there were nearly seven hundred.
'I hate all of this waiting,' Hassan protested. 'If we don't get moving within a few hours we will likely have to spend the night here. That would be a fine thing! We may as well walk home this moment and come again in the morning.'
'At that rate, we may as well wait for the goblins here,' Daryas added.
'I'm sure it won't come to that,' Hassan said. 'Our dear fathers are so eager to see their favorite in battle that they will see to it that we leave on schedule. I wouldn't be surprised to see them come here personally to smack Cheft Faros' horse on its rear-end. How much gold have the Noras spent upon this one commander's education?'
'Probably more than most Noras will see in their lifetimes,' Daryas replied.
'And would it not be a shame if the man's whole life was passed without ever coming to the rescue of our blessed woods?' Hassan laughed. 'I wouldn't put it past our dear parents to conjure up the goblins themselves just so as to comfort themselves for their empty purses.'
'You can say what you will of your own father,' Daryas said angrily, 'But Cheft Biron, whether he did well in sponsoring Cheft Faros' training or not, has only the peace and security of Noras in his mind.'
'I'm sure he does,' Hassan said, seeming almost sad, 'I believe he does. But my own dear father has said in no uncertain terms that if a war does not come to Noras within the decade he might be forced to march down to Dadron and demand a return from the schoolmen.'
'I can never tell whether you are telling the truth, my friend,' Daryas laughed. 'To hear you talk, one would think the noble Cheft Ponteris were naught but a goblin himself.'
'One would think that, wouldn't they,' Hassan said, trying to sound more sarcastic than he truly felt.

With great pomp and circumstance, Tilthan, the High Priest, commanded an altar to be built on the western shore of the Gavl. He spoke over the solders, sprinkling oil and perfume upon them as he walked from one end of the line to the next. 'In Pelas name,' he said, 'be brave, be strong, be true, whether in life or in death. The Noras send with you their prayers and their blessings. Return to us,' he seemed to plead, 'and we will reward you as well as we may. But if you fall for our blessed woods, then will Lord Pelas furnish for you a place of honor in the world beyond the Frozen Sea where nothing sorrowful dwells.'
The people seemed encouraged by the cleric's words. After he finished, a little fawn was led to the altar and sacrificed according to their customs. The body was burned and the priestesses fanned the smoke toward the hill of Dadron; toward the throne of Pelas. The blood of the victim was sprinkled on the armor of Cheft Faros and he ate, with Tilthan, the meat of the sacrifice. 
When he had finished, the captains shouted and the horns blared. The Galvahirne were marching to war.
For six days the Galva army marched south along the western shore of the Galva Lake. Their going was slower than Cheft Faros had anticipated, mainly due to the amount of attention such a force drew from the towns and villages that were clustered along the banks of the lake. Nearly every child in the region it seemed was gathered along the edges of the road to watch the marvel pass through their lands.
Cheft Faros led the army beyond the populous lands where the sons of Galvahir are beloved to the wilder places where the road narrows and the people are distrustful. The folk here shut their doors and hid away in their log houses as the army passed, fearing they came for tribute to the Noras Council. They had to travel more carefully and therefore more slowly to navigate the more difficult road along the southwest lakeshore. 

Along the northern shore of the lake the people came out to sing and praise the warriors, for they have much to lose from the goblins and much to gain from the preservation of the Noras Council. But around the southwestern shores of the lake the people are poor and hungry. As far as they are concerned, the only reason the Galva Army ever marches is for the collecting of taxes. These sorry folk have little to lose from the goblins, and nothing to gain from the aloof Council of Noras. They were wise enough, however, to show respect and to offer a word or two of gratitude to the passing soldiers.
In the north, where the people are wealthy and filled it is easier to love those who guard the storehouse. But when that storehouse is filled to excess with bread pulled from the your own dirt-stained hands, it becomes more difficult for you to love those who guard it under lock and key for lazier mouths to consume. In the eyes of the peasants, the Galva Army serves the Galva Council, who in its turn renders its allegiance to the Noras Council, not the Noras people. They certainly did not serve the poor. 
As they passed through this land Hassan seemed to take pity on the people, though his words were dark and Daryas could not fully understand his meaning. He said, 'What a sorry lot! Though they can hardly be blamed for it. One doesn't have control over their birth do they?'
'Certainly not,' Daryas agreed. 'That is one thing at least for which no man ought to be blamed.'
'True enough. That is assuming, of course, that they are not all soul fools,' Hassan said with a tiny grin. Daryas paused and said nothing. Perceiving his friend's confusion, Hassan laughed and said, 'Then you have not yet learned about 'soul fools'?'
Daryas looked at his companion in amazement. 'Soul fools?' he repeated in disbelief. Hassan only laughed all the more.
'You are going to explain yourself, aren't you?' Daryas demanded, looking slightly insulted.
'In time, my friend, in time,' Hassan said. 
Just then the orders were given that the army was to stop for the night. They had come to a level area and Cheft Faros ordered a camp to be made. He said that it would be 'better to camp now where it is flat, than to press on like fools and be forced to have these three-thousand men sleep on roots and stones.'

Fifteen days after their departure, Cheft Faros combined his army with the warriors of the towns and villages of South Lake so that they now numbered more than five thousand. The men of South Lake were more hospitable to the Galvahirne than the men of the western lakeshore.
The bonds between Galva city and the villages of South Lake are strong. For they are the keepers of the Gavl dam and they are the last major settlement in the Noras Highlands before the slope grows too steep for human dwellings. Not forgetting that they also profit nicely from the furs and lumber that are sent down the lake from the northern forest.
The army settled in their tents in a clearing just southwest of the dam. From where they camped they could hear the roar of the Gavl waterfall, where the excess water from the lake drains into the lowlands and pushes its way through the land on its way to meet the Falsi River in the south.
The following morning Daryas finished the last of his mother's dried meat and then sat down next to a small fire.
'You are never grateful, I've noticed,' Hassan said after some time had passed. Daryas just looked at him with a puzzled expression on his face. 'You slept late, as usual. And now you are sitting in front of a warm fire that you did not build, eating the last morsels of meat and bread from your mother.'
'Would you like me to put the fire out and make another one?' Daryas said somewhat agitated.
'Nothing of the sort, a "thank you Sion" will suffice.'
'But I thought that you made the fire to be kind.'
'Of course I did! Daryas! That is precisely what I am saying.'
'That you made the fire out of kindness?'
'Indeed.'
'Kindness, and nothing else?'
'Right.'
'And you are certain that there is nothing else?'
'Why are you so irritating today? Do you miss your mother?'
'It's only been two weeks, Sion. But I would not be surprised if even you feel starved for your mother's company ere we make our return from the mountain.' 
'I'm sure you're right, Daryas, but for now, and for the foreseeable future I am not planning to shed any tears.'
The two companions sat in silence for a few minutes. The sun was at its highest and all around them tiny drops of water fell from the thawing branches.
'Perhaps the Winter is giving way to Spring early this year,' Hassan said after a while. 'It has to happen sometime, right? So why oughtn't it happen the year that we have to march into the mountains to fight ape-men?'
'There will be no early Spring, Sion. You know that as well as I. There never has been and there never will be. Not until we are long gone and our bad fortune with us.'
'You really are far more gloomy than you should be.'
'Why do you say that?'
'Well, for one thing, you come from the most respectable family in all of Noras. There is not a soul that would not trade everything they own to have your blood. I've heard, and these are only rumors of course, that Cheft Grendas once offered your father his entire estate as a dowry, if your dear older brother would marry his daughter. He was willing to give his great wealth in gold and silver, as well as his best hunting lands and houses just to be able to say that he was kin to Cheft Biron!'
Daryas looked doubtful.
'But then again,' Hassan continued, 'that may have just been his way of trying to rid himself of his spoiled little girl.' Daryas laughed. 'Have you ever met her, Daryas?' Hassan's tone changed suddenly. Daryas shook his head. 'Now that is cause for gloom, comrade, for there is nothing fairer to look upon in this cursed forest than that lovely gem. And certainly, to be deprived of her sight is a terrible burden for any man to bear. I know that myself. The truth is, my lot is even worse than yours. You see, you've never seen her, so all you have is that emptiness that accompanies the ignorance of bliss. But me, I've climbed the mountain and greeted the sun. Everything else feels cold and dark now.'
'You seem positively smitten, my callous friend, how did that happen?' Daryas said with renewed interest. It was not like Hassan to speak seriously about anything.
'I must confess, though it brings me pain in the admission, that I am in fact a mortal man and despite all those nasty things you and your friends whisper about me in the dark, I am capable of love and affection.'
'This changes everything, Sion,' Daryas laughed.
'Ah, that is what I want to see from you. But you will not be laughing when I tell you the rest of my story.'
'Story? What story?'
'My love story Oh, I hadn't yet begun telling it!' Hassan put his hand to his forehead and laughed. He looked at Daryas and began to speak. But nothing came from his lips. His face sunk and he looked away. The fire that had, for a moment, burned in his eyes died away and he looked around the camp now with a cold, blank expression. The two men sat like this for a few minutes, just watching the other warriors bustle about the camp; a man struggling with a tent here, a man cooking a fish in a pan there, and everywhere, young men were keeping themselves busy with errands, important and petty alike. 
'Thank you for the fire, Sion,' Daryas said after some time.
'Take no thought of it,' Hassan responded. 'I just did it to be kind, that's all. You don't have to thank me.'

Cheft Faros spent much of the day organizing the troops and planning for the next stage of the campaign. He set three captains over his army: Cheft Rahm Cossirne, a famous warrior from the northernmost region of Noras, and Cheft Lonos and Cheft Vilav, both of Galva-la.
There was considerable excitement in the camp that evening when the news was spread abroad that Cheft Rahm, Noras' most experienced warrior, was marching with the Galva army.
Cheft Rahm was well over sixty years old. His pure white hair was hung upon his shoulders in neat braids. His beard, which hung down almost to his waist, was also braided and neatly managed. His face was very wrinkled and he bore a terrible scar across his forehead, but his eyes were wild and young, with no hint of weariness.
At his side at all times stood his nephews Ander and Silos bearing thick wooden shields and spears. 'To look upon these mighty Cossirne in battle is to look upon the face of Death,' Faros said as he announced them to his army amidst a thunderous applause.
After three days of preparation and council, the army left South Lake. Their going went well and by the eighteenth day of Frohest they passed through the gates of Belnan, the Bridge City. Here they rested for two days and replenished their supplies. 
Cheft Faros received reports from many scouts in those days. Most of these reports were encouraging, so by the time their departure came the army was in high spirits. It was said that there were no more than two-thousand goblins, most of whom were old, hungry and weary. 'The Galvahirne will have very little trouble with them, I imagine,' one of the scouts assured the Cheftan. There was now talk throughout the camp that they may be home by the summer sacrifices. These scouts were then sent up the river toward Galva to repeat their report for the Council.
But old Cheft Rahm shook his head and corrected them, 'It is better to hope for less in war. I'd rather despair of hope and by preparation win the victory, than trust too much in arms and numbers and come to an ill-end.'

In Belnan they were able to quickly cross over to the southern bank of the Falsi River and follow an old road west along the shore. For the first five days their going was without much difficulty, for there are many towns and villages built along the shore of the mighty river. Cheft Faros was in high spirits as they passed through this region.
These lands were known simply as the Riverlands. Some of those towns were quite prosperous during Dadron's Golden Age. Even now they still thrive on the abundance of lumber and skins that make their way south from the forest, though they now live with considerably less opulence. It is no surprise that the Cheftan would be encouraged here. For the Riverlands are good and quiet lands where the Galva Army are twice beloved. The people of this region have much to lose from goblins and their proximity to the Great Mountain makes them vulnerable. Every evening the sun passes over the peak of Mount Coronis and casts a dark shadow over their lands. A shadow under which they imagine is hiding goblin marauders of every sort.
As they traveled west the road became more difficult. Very few travelers use the path to the mountain and so it was overgrown in many places. Cheft Faros had to stop the march, sometimes for several hours, and send strong men ahead with axes and saws to clear a path for their beasts. There were not many of these - no more than two-dozen horses, and probably no more than thirty or forty mules and donkeys laden with food and equipment. There were also six small carriages filled with arms and tools each drawn by two strong horses.
Beyond this they came to a place where the land seems to suddenly climb up into the sky. The place is called the 'Stairs of Coronis' because from the bottom of the rise it gives the traveler the illusion of a straight and steady path to the peak of Mount Coronis itself.
Here their animals had the most difficulty. So much so that they sent several of the more feeble creatures back down the hill and divided their burdens among the warriors. Their progress was also impeded by a sudden turn in the weather.
Frohest is called a deceiver among the Noras because the month so often begins with warm weather, teasing men with the idea of an early Spring and then turning suddenly and burying them beneath a deep snowfall and bitter cold.
Daryas complained as he struggled along, 'It seems that it will be another one of those years of treachery.' Hassan walked beside him, but with considerable more ease.
'Treachery?' the son of Ponteris laughed. 'Do you have a deal with the Winter, my friend, that he can betray you?'
'You know my meaning,' Daryas snapped back. He seemed to be having a much harder time than his comrade. Thus far Hassan seemed unaffected by the rigors of the march and the steep and tangled path they ascended. But Daryas looked very exhausted and it took no small amount of cajoling to draw him from his bedroll each morning. He complained of soreness and twisted ankles, while Hassan complained of nothing. Though he knew it not, Daryas carried a much heavier burden than his friend. The Noras, and the Galvahirne even more so, take great pride in their endurance.
Their path was enough to challenge even the greatest of these sturdy men, however; a fact that soon began to take its toll on their progress as well as their bodies. The wind picked up, and snow had begun to fall, making the path slippery and dangerous. 'Lord Coronis knows no spring,' Daryas grumbled.
An Indistinct Warning
On the last day of Frohest, the army halted suddenly at midday. A strange man was seen approaching the army from the west. He walked right up to the vanguard without a hint of fear and demanded, 'Something hot to eat, for I am weary of dried venison.'
His bravado, more than anything else, brought him past the guards, through the ranks of the Galva warriors, and right to the feet of Cheft Faros.
'I have come from the mountains, my lord,' he said boldly when he had bowed low to the ground before the Cheftan. 'And I bring news and council.'
'Council from whom?' Faros asked suspiciously.
'From Cheft Biron,' he replied.
'Cheft Biron? You must be mad. He is at his estate in Peiraso, but you have come from the west; from the mountains.'
'My lord judges rightly,' the man said with a bow, 'But I come from Cheft Biron all the same. I am Revere, the Galva Cheftan hired me to scout out the goblins of Coronis and it is concerning these that I have come with news. If I am not mistaken, it is to these creatures that you are marching even as we speak.'
Revere was a thin man, but he did not look frail; his face was clean-shaven and he had short-cropped brown hair. His gray eyes seemed to shine out from under his dark brown eyebrows. He wore a pair of leather trousers and a tunic made of animal skins over which he wore a thick fur cape. On his head he wore a thin fur cap with several small feathers sewn onto the side in a sort of pattern. His only weapons were a dagger with an ivory hilt and a very small hatchet, both of which were hidden beneath his cape.
Cheft Faros was more than a little annoyed by this man. He refused to answer any questions about himself; he simply called himself 'Revere'. 'Hardly a proper name,' Faros later complained. 
'My Lord,' Revere spoke with a sense of urgency, 'The goblins are camped on a high plain, some forty leagues west of here. There were only about a thousand of them by my count. Truly nothing that your force could not handle.'
'And their defenses?' Faros asked.
'I saw none sir," the man continued. 'I saw not so much as a single blade nor heard so much as the clink of chain-armor the whole while that I was watching them.'
'Then we seek another camp, for these are just common goblins.' Cheft Faros seemed to be growing impatient. It was not for the burning of hunting camps that he had gathered such a force and marched through half of the Noras forest with such haste. 'Yet I suppose it would be foolish to let them alone.'
'Indeed, sir,' the man hastily agreed. 'There were some things that gave me pause however. Things that the eyes and ears of your scouts have overlooked.'
'Well don't speak in riddles, man,' Faros suddenly seemed very annoyed. 'Biron sent you to assess the danger, and that is what I want from you. Is this encampment a threat to Noras or is it not? What else did you see there?'
'I beg your forgiveness sir,' the man began to apologize, but when he saw the look of frustration in the Cheftan's eyes he cut himself short. 'I see that my master has no patience for my foolish banter.'
Cheft Faros seemed to calm down a little after that.
'In the camp, sir, there were not only no weapons to be found, but there were also no women and no children.' 
This last detail seemed to get Cheft Faros' attention.
'As my Lord is well aware, goblins seldom leave their females and young behind when they go on hunting trips or even on raids. This detail I find most alarming. Normally, the goblins will travel in family groups, so that their children can learn to hunt as they do. Of course, this requires the cooperation of the women, without whom the children would be nothing but a hindrance. I got the impression, my lord, that they were not in the mountains to hunt or to raid at random.'
'So if they are not here for raiding or for hunting, what is their purpose?'
'I cannot say, my Lord,' Revere replied. 'All that I can say is that whatever their purpose is, it is most un-goblin-like.'
'Un-goblin-like?'
'Yes,' the man nodded smiling slightly, 'Very nearly everything that goblins do is reducible to their instincts. So when we see that they have gathered together so many men without women or children and without even weapons it defies every rational explanation.'
'What are you so pleased with?' Cheft Faros asked, now openly angry.
'I must apologize again, my Lord,' the man said looking at the ground. 'As a scout, I have come to understand quite a bit about these creatures. And anything so new and unexpected is bound to arouse a certain excitement for those who "study" goblins.'
'Enough of that,' Faros responded. He clearly wanted to finish the conversation as soon as possible. His eyes began to wander about the room impatiently. 'What do you mean when you say that this situation defies any rational explanation?'
'What I mean, my Lord, is that since goblins are not rational creatures, they must live at the mercy of external causes and their own instincts. So when they behave in such a different manner than they usually do, there is no way to explain it rationally. Except with the idea that they are, in fact, acting rationally.'
'Rationally?' Faros asked quickly. 'Do you mean to tell me these goblins are rational creatures? That they are ruled by reason?'
'Pelas forbid!' Revere laughed. 'I've said nothing of the sort. They are acting rationally; that much is certain. But I've never said that they were rational themselves. They are simply being ruled by reason.'
'More riddles,' Faros complained. His anger swelled within him and his face began to look quite red. 'Get out of my tent!' Faros yelled. His face turned bright red and he seemed to glow with rage. 'I hope you are pleased with yourself. Now get out of my sight, or I'll send you to the goblin camp tied and bound. Then we'll see just how rational they can be.'
The man bowed low to the ground and stepped out of the Cheftan's tent and into the cold. 'I've done my job, my lord,' he muttered as he left. 
When he had gone some distance from the Cheftan's tent, Revere began to chuckle, 'It is up to you, Master Faros, to choose the most reasonable course. I have given you your warning; such a warning as the wise will regard and the fool will disregard.' He laughed to himself, 'Which of the two this man is, I care not. If he cannot understand it, then let the goblins take him, for he is no more rational than the creatures he fights.'

When Mityai's account had come to this point she was once more interrupted by her master. Pelas stood still for a moment as if lost in deep thought and then suddenly shrieked in frustration. 'Mityai, you fool of fools,' he said with a stern voice. 'Did you not understand what this braggart meant with his indistinct words?'
'No my lord,' Mityai answered with a tremble in her voice. 'I could tell that he had not been forthright with Faros, and I could also tell that the Cheftan knew it.'
'If the Cheftan has less than half of your wisdom he would have stopped his army right then and there, and marched no further until he had taken council with the Cheftans of Galva once more. For the only thing that makes a goblins deviate from its brutish instincts is a Conjurer.'
'A Conjurer!?' Mityai said, stepping away from Pelas.
Pelas stepped toward her swiftly, his regal cape swaying in the air as he walked. He raised his hand, Mityai covered her face with her arms and bowed low to the ground. The dust in the room swirled about as if a great wind had come through, though every window was shut tight. The fire roared to life for an instant.
'Mityai, you daughter of wickedness!' he shouted. His voice rang through the hall and shook the foundations of the house. The servants of the hall trembled and rushed about to see what had happened, but when they entered the hall they saw nothing but the bright burning fire and they heard nothing save the crackling of the logs and the leaping of sparks.
Among the Noras the Conjurer was more to be feared than any other evil. Combining the natural strength and cunning of so many mindless goblins with even just one truly rational overlord is more dangerous and deadly than an entire army of rational human beings. 'A Conjurer has at his disposal an army of ruthless servants who give no regard to good or evil. They will descend to whatever depth of evil they are bid,' Pelas explained. 'And what will become of your beloved Cheftan's son?'
'I- I did not know,' Mityai said with fear, still covering her face with her hands.
'If the hour were not so late I would thrash you here and now. I would send you so deep into the pits of hell that even your swift immortal feet would be sore pressed to find their way to the surface ere the end of this age of the world.'
Mityai lowered her hands and stood up. 'What can I do, my lord, to redeem my errors?'
'You must hurry to Daryas' side, and pray that he is not dead already. Had I more time I would send a warrior to him, to guard him from his foes. But in the meanwhile, you must do what you are able.'
'But my lord, there is still the matter of Old Man Sleep, his claim on Daryas must not be denied!' Mityai protested, somehow finding it within her to question her master.
Pelas rose up and seemed to fill the whole room with his anger. 'Mityai, fly to his side, and leave the matter of Daryas' nightmares to the wise.'
With that she departed, slipping out through the window without a sound and speeding through the city more swiftly than any bird could fly.
Old Man Sleep
'The girl is right, my lord,' came a tired old voice from a darkened corner of the room after Mityai had passed from their sight. Pelas turned and beheld Old Man Sleep himself, seated on a bench with his long gray robes folded about his feet. His head was bald, save for a few kinked gray hairs growing just above his ears. In his eyes could be seen the memories of ages long passed; ages of the world that none but his own unblinking eyes could remember. He looked weary and frail, though his grip was still firm. 'There are laws that rule even you gods,' he continued, 'though lately you do not like to admit it.'
'What does it matter to you, Old Man of Dreams?' Pelas said irritably.
'You know as well as I that my claim on mortal eyes is irrevocable. Yet you have allowed this youth to be so tormented that his will has been forged into iron. He will not yield his eyelids to my commands.'
'It will only be for a time that he is so vexed. But it is necessary, for I gave my oath that the prayers of the Siren would be fulfilled.'
'Very well then,' Old Man Sleep said in his slow toneless voice, 'But do not forget, Lord Pelas, when Old Man Sleep is long denied, then my brother Folly must be satiated. If you do not allow me to close this boy's eyes in rest, he will lose his mind entirely. And then he will be of no use to anybody. I leave you with this last warning: Once Folly has had his way with a man's head, our younger brother Death is never far off. Be careful that your grip does not grow too strong, lest you crush the thing you wish to protect.'
With that the old man vanished from the room and Pelas was left alone in the Council Hall, with the fire slowly dying away behind him.

Chapter III: 
Beautiful Peiraso
The Hospitality of Cheft Biron
Peiraso was located about a half a day's journey to the east of Galva. The people of Noras were not fond of forts and castles, preferring logs and tar to stone and mortar. But when danger arose in the land, the people came pouring into Peiraso like water through a burst dam. Cheft Biron's country estate was one of the few fortified refuges in Noras. So he was not surprised to see the serene hill upon which his home was built littered with tents and temporary shelters. A great number of people from Megd-la and Coran-la had heard about the coming of the goblins and traveled many leagues to seek shelter on Cheft Biron's land until the goblins were driven away. Here, well on the eastern side of the mighty Galva, and with the strong walls of Peiraso about them, they felt secure from the threat of raiders.
The people were mostly peasants who had no wealth to protect but their own lives, nothing to leave behind, and nothing to bring with them except their children and a few tattered sacks filled with what little provision their lives in the forest allotted them. What they did bring, however, was their gratitude. Cheft Biron's magnificence was well known throughout Noras and the people repaid his kindness with honorable words and songs of praise.
On the fourth day after the departure of the Galva Army, he sent Lady Marima ahead of him to Peiraso to prepare the land for his return. Three days later, he himself returned to the home of his ancestors with Cheft Ponteris and several other important members of the Noras Council. They rode in a sturdy but comfortable carriage drawn by a team of four horses. 
Peiraso was built on the top of a small hill in a large clearing where Cheft Biron's ancestors had settled many generations ago. A stone wall about the height of two men encircled the house on all four sides. It would take a man about an hour to walk all the way around it. The southern gate was overshadowed on both sides by small guard towers; one on the eastern side and another on the west. There was a much smaller gate on the north side that was very rarely opened. 
The castle itself consisted of a large stone house with small watchtowers on each corner. It was built in the form of a square with each corner facing one of the cardinal points. The main entrance was on the southeastern wall. It was not a very sophisticated castle, certainly nothing compared to Dadron, but it offered the Noras something that they had in very little quantity: Security.
'The grovelers have come out in flocks and herds, my friend,' Cheft Ponteris said as they approached the estate. 'It is good that they have come in Primus, though. It would be a shame if they had come in the spring or summer when the grass is green and lush.'
'You are heartless,' Cheft Biron said coldly. Cheft Ponteris just laughed.
Cheftan Biron was Daryas' father, and looked it in every respect. His shoulders were broad and he was tall for a man of Noras. His hair was somewhat darker than Daryas', however, and it had a handsome curl to it, which his son's hair never quite attainted. He wore a very thick otter-skin coat over a deep red tunic and brown wool trousers. At his side he wore a long hunting knife with an iron hilt set with green gemstones. Among the Noras it was considered arrogant to carry a weapon, but it was also a sign of laziness to be seen without some kind of tool. While he was still living, Cheft Biron's own father, Hiron Galvahirne, never left home without his fishing tackle. In these dark times, Biron thought, the knife was the more useful accessory.
'You know, Master Biron, on my own estate we have a lake. Have you seen our lake, Biron?' Cheft Biron shook his head. 'You haven't? That is truly a shame. Our lake is the most beautiful lake in Noras, I believe. But you see, we have to keep it beautiful. And that takes a considerable amount of effort on our part. Those who have seen my estate have frequently remarked how natural it all looks. But that is far from the truth of the matter. Beauty is not an accident. That is one thing that I know for certain. 
'My own wife is proof of that. Lady Linae is quite skilled in the arts of decorating her face. She will spend as much time as she is allowed painting and covering her face with ointments, aloes, and dyes purchased from who knows what distant port. And she looks quite lovely for it too. But it is hardly an accident, though she would never tell anybody how much trouble she makes over her face. When people tell her how beautiful she looks she simply smiles and acts as though she is surprised. It is all a very pitiful act. She knows what she is doing and she does it quite on purpose.
'It is the very same thing with our little lake. Imagine how disgusting our lake would become if we just left it to nature. In no time at all it would become a swamp. Deer come from every filthy place in the Noras Forest to swim and drink in the waters. I don't mind a few deer here and there, but if we did nothing they would soon overrun our land and strip the trees of their bark. So every winter I hire hunters to clear the woods and drive these creatures away.
'That would seem to be a wise course,' Cheft Biron said impatiently. 'But I find that on my own lands the deer are not so populous. Between the wolves and the bears their numbers are kept in check.'
'Ah yes, but then you will have carcasses and bones lying about. And I think you will agree with me, my friend, that carcasses do not have a part in beauty.'
'True enough.'
'The solution to that problem is to drive away the predators. It is so peaceful in our region now that there are no howls and growls to wake our children in the middle of the night.'
'This, I imagine, requires the hiring of more hunters?'
'Yes, of course. But it is not only deer and the wolves that vex our little lake. There are all sorts of wild fowl that make their home on my land. That is, they attempt to do so. And that is my point. Beauty is something that you do, not something that happens naturally.'
'What do you do to the fowl?' Cheft Biron asked.
'In the beginning of every season we see them flock to our property and nest in every nook and every hole along the shoreline. It is a simple thing to send out a few hunters with their bows and their dogs to slay and gather them up. This way the lake stays clean and fresh and our servants feast on eggs and roasted goose!'
'You are as clever as they say,' Biron said as they rounded a bend in the road. From there they began their ascent up the hill toward the southern gates.
Cheftan Ponteris was a typical enough Norasman. He was nothing like a Galvahirne, but he was by no means frail or unmanly. His hair, which was slightly gray, was slowly but surely retreating from his brow with each passing year - a somewhat uncommon and unseemly trait among the Noras, who, oddly enough, took pride in the strength of their hairlines, and in the thickness of their finger nails. His posture, however, was very different from his fellow Noras, as he made certain to stand at his full height at all times with his shoulders back and his spine upright. The Noras were, for the most part, informal with their stance, and it was not uncommon for grown men to be found slouching even at council meetings and other such formal occasions.
'And that is beauty, Cheft Biron,' Ponteris continued, 'But it takes work, and it takes a little bit of cruelty.'
'Cruelty?' Biron asked, feigning interest.
'Yes. You can't imagine that I like the idea of sending out hunters to slaughter these helpless creatures! But I must guard my honor with everything that is within me. Cheft Biron! What is a man without his honor?'
'He is not esteemed to be much at all, my friend.'
'It is the same thing with my beloved woman. Her long hours spent toiling over the looking glass - scraping and painting her face are not simple tasks. They are the labors of a true artisan! They are as cruel to her tender skin as I am to the wretched creatures that try to make their home on my estate.'
As he finished speaking the carriage turned around a bend in the road revealing the southern wall of Peiraso. 'Serge, take us close to the tents,' Cheft Biron commanded his driver.
'As you ask, my lord,' the man replied. The old man turned the carriage off of the main road onto a narrow dirt path that led off into the fields. As the carriage approached the tents the people began to hurry about in preparation for the arrival of their protector. By the time the carriage reached the encampment they were enclosed on both sides by peasants. Cheft Ponteris sat up straight and began to look uneasy.
'Slowly, Serge,' Biron said. His driver obeyed and as they passed they could see the tears in the people's eyes. Some bowed low to the ground, others offered up small tokens of gratitude. Cheft Biron waved his hand in the air and the people returned his gesture.
'Hail Cheft Biron! Protecter of Noras!' one toothless old man cried out. The rest followed him in their praises. Then one of the older men among them broke out into an old song, written over two centuries ago in praise of the sons of Galvahir.

'When dangers from the shadows near,
There is one in whom the Noras trust,
The faithful son of Galvahir,
Above all others pure and just.'

'In council he is Pelas-wise,
His sword the devil Agon fears,
Fated above his peers to rise,
His voice the gloom and shadow clears.'

Cheft Ponteris sunk low in his seat and rested his cheek on his wrist. He said nothing more until they had passed the singing crowd and entered the house of Peiraso.
Cheft Ponteris at Peiraso
While the Army of Galva trudged through the Noras wilds and slowly but surely approached the slopes of Mount Coronis, Cheft Biron held many councils in the meeting hall of Peiraso.
Immediately following the meeting of the Galva Council he had sent messengers throughout Noras. By runner and rider he called to his estate some forty Cheftans, many of them from remote portions of the forest. Something had been troubling him of late. 'Like a forgotten dream,' he told Lady Marima. 'I feel as though I have been shaken from the midst of a troubling dream, yet I cannot remember a thing of it. There is something lurking in the shadow of my mind.'
'You need rest, my lord,' she would tell him. 'Then perhaps it will return to you.'
'But rest fails me while I yet stand here in ignorance. I must take council.'
'But how are you so certain that your fears are not needless, my lord. Care can be had in excess, or so it has been said.'
'There is not a shadow cast where no body stands. I can see the shadows at every council and in every deed that is done in our forest of late. But as of yet I have not been able to discover the cause of it.'
'But how will this council differ from those you have held already?' Lady Marima asked, puzzled.
'This time my eyes will be fully open,' he said in almost a whisper, 'And we shall see whether I am imagining danger where there is none.'

In the meanwhile both Cheft Biron and his wife were kept occupied. There were many preparations to be made before the other Cheftans began to arrive. There was food to be ordered and lodging to be prepared. The Noras were hardier than most races, but their Cheftans still expected to live comfortably, especially when summoned to a council in the dead of winter.
Lord Ponteris was especially restless in those days. He could be seen wandering about idly, sometimes for hours. At times he would gaze out the window at the encamped peasants and after a while simply shake his head. He stayed indoors for the most part, though at times he was seen wandering the perimeter of the estate in the early morning. He said little, and ate even less. Altogether it seemed quite clear that he was not comfortable in Peiraso.
One cold morning Lady Marima found him sitting alone in a small pantry near the servants' kitchen.
'My lord must find Peiraso dreadful,' she said, laughing.
Cheft Ponteris rose from his seat. 'My apologies, my fair lady,' he said with a bow.
'It is a pity that Lady Linae was not able to be here. She is such a lovely woman, you must be very proud.'
The Cheftan hesitated for a moment. 'Indeed. She is greatly missed.'
'Are you hungry, my lord?' Lady Marima asked.
'No, I am not,' the Cheft answered swiftly and awkwardly.
'Well, if you are, you will find better service in the dining hall. This hall is for the servants.'
With this Ponteris bowed and walked away to some other part of the house. Many others reported stumbling into the Cheftan in unlikely places. He was always alone, but he never really seemed to be lost. He was seen among the stables, silently examining the horses, he was seen in the halls looking at the woodwork; by the time the first of the Cheftans began to arrive he had spied out the entire house. All of this Cheft Biron noted well.

In the days leading up to the meeting of the Noras Council, Biron himself had the misfortune, as he called it, of spending a considerable amount of time in conversation with Cheft Ponteris. It would always come about in the same way. Biron would stumble upon Ponteris in some strange and unexpected corner of the house. Before he could ask for any explanation, Cheft Ponteris would interrupt him with an anecdote or a joke or riddle. 

'Several years ago, around the time of the autumn sacrifice,' Ponteris would begin, 'my driver and I had come to the edge of my property, just before the road turns north toward Galva. You've seen my home before, haven't you?' Ponteris asked, interrupting himself.
'Yes, once or twice, though it has been quite some time since I have had the opportunity to visit.'
'Very good. Then you will certainly remember the stone-carving that I had built on the right-hand side of the gate?'
Biron paused for a moment and shook his head.
'The large sculpture of an Aggelos woman, carved in white stone?' Biron shook his head again. Ponteris seemed insulted. 'Well, I suppose it cannot be helped if the Galvahirne have no great love of craft and beauty,' he snapped.
'The Galvahirne love beauty, my friend,' Biron said calmly. 'It is just that beauty is so wearisome and impractical that we seek our happiness in the usefulness rather than the elegant. As you say, beauty requires work, and we Galvahirne cannot spare the labor to craft such things.'
'Well, at any rate,' Ponteris said, gruffly returning the conversation to its path. 'As we approached this statue there appeared in the road a little peasant girl. How she came to be on the road so near to my estate was a mystery; she probably got lost in the woods while her mother was picking berries or nuts and whatever other things peasants eat.  But however it was that she came to be in the road, there she stood, right in the path of our carriage.'
'How dreadful, what happened?' Biron said, now seeming more interested.
'We were faced with an awful dilemma, my friend. If we swerved to the right, we would smash and mar one of the most glorious stone-work statues in all of Weldera; certainly in all of Noras. But on the other hand, if we swerved our carriage to the left, we would trample the pathetic little girl to the ground. Our speed was too great, since we were as yet not even on the main road and were still traveling on my own private drive. My driver shouted, that we could not stop the horses ere we collided with one or the other. "We must turn aside!" he yelled.'
'So what did you decide?'
'Well, I felt that there would always be more peasant girls; there would certainly be more of her kind. You know, the rosy cheeked little girls that live in the wild places of northern Lavri-la and even in some parts of Galva-la. These creatures come and go; they always have and always will, as long as the world endures. But the like of this statue cannot be replaced, not though a hundred artists labor for three ages of the world.'
'So you chose to turn aside to the left and ride over the girl?' Biron said with a grave expression on his face.
'That is the decision that I came to in that terrible moment. And it was no easy judgment to make. After all, despite her homeliness, the child had an innocent and endearing little face. I am almost brought to tears just thinking about it.' He looked at Biron and laughed. 'Don't worry, Cheftan!' he said. 'Good Pelas was merciful to me that day and broke the two back wheels of my carriage just at that moment. We crashed to the earth and with one violent jerk we were brought to a halt, saving both child and statue.'
Biron looked relieved, though he still looked at his fellow with disdain.
'So it was that by the grace of Pelas, beauty and innocence were saved together!' Ponteris laughed. Biron stood up and wandered to the other side of the room.
'I got to thinking about why it was that I was so sorely vexed in that moment about my decision,' Ponteris added, not letting his host escape the conversation. 'My driver's inclination was to spare the girl and go crashing into the statue, shattering the delicate masonry. But my own heart said to spare the glorious stone. But why should I choose one over the other? What makes this little girl more valuable than my statue? Those are the questions that I began asking myself. I asked my driver and he simply responded that "It's just the way things are, master." I asked my wife, the lovely Lady Linae, but she just slapped me.' Biron laughed heartily upon hearing that.
'But to be quite honest, I could not find any difference between them that would justify the destruction of so marvelous a sculpture. They are both formed of the earth, but of the two it is the pure white stone of the statue that is more valuable. Human flesh, like the wheat of the field is grown and raised every year and in every age; sometimes in more abundance than we can maintain. But the likes of this stone will not likely be seen again, not until the foundations of the world are overturned.'
'Perhaps the difference is not in what they are formed out of, but rather what they are formed into. The stone lies still and dead while the girl lives and breathes.' Biron suggested.
'I have considered that as well, my friend,' Ponteris sighed. 'But so it is with fire, which moves and breathes and grows, yet I see no man saving and preserving it any further than it is useful to his own needs. And there are many living creatures that would offer us the same dilemma. You wouldn't smash one of the world's greatest works of art if it were it the life of a squirrel or a hare that was in danger, would you?'
Biron walked back to the table and sat down. 'I suppose not,' he answered wearily.
'But why not? That is what I am trying to figure out. Why save the girl and not a squirrel? It seems to me that the only reason to smash the sculpture would be out of sympathy.'
'You are not now going to belittle sympathy, are you my friend?' Biron said with a mock grin. The truth of the matter is that he was quite disgusted with the man and was almost hoping that he would go too far, and say something that would give him the excuse to sever all ties of friendship with Cheftan Ponteris Oastirne.
'I cannot belittle it, because I cannot quite understand it.'
Biron laughed, 'So you admit it? You have no sympathy. Cheft Ponteris, there has never been a more honest man, not in Noras nor in any other place in Weldera.'
'I do not understand it,' Ponteris said, ignoring Biron's words, 'not because I do not feel it, but because I do not understand why a rational creature needs it. Certainly it serves the goblins well enough, so that they care for and protect each other instead of robbing and slaying their kin. But we are ruled with mind, not might, and sympathy as often misleads us as it serves us.
'Some time ago an old beggar man appeared on our doorstep clad in torn and weathered brown with naught but a strand of rope for a belt. It must have been at least ten years ago. He knocked on the door quietly with what looked to my eyes to be the staff of a shepherd. He politely asked if he could have a place to sleep for the night. He asked for my leave to sleep in the barn, and I would have obliged him were it not for Lady Linae who insisted on giving him one of our guest chambers.
'He stayed in our home for one night; just one night and no more. In fact, when the day dawned he was nowhere to be found. He left sometime before the first light without so much as a thank you. All that he left in return for our hospitality was mice.'
'Mice?' Biron asked interestedly.
'Yes, Mice,' Ponteris answered with a look of disgust in his eyes. 'But my dear Cheftan, you must realize that these were no Noras mice! Their teeth were like razors and they multiplied quicker than hares. Before we knew it the entire house was nearly overrun by vermin. We went through great pains to drive them from the main hall. Now they only remain in the cellars where they are so deeply burrowed that Pelas himself could not drive them out. That is what comes of sympathy! But we have since mended our ways.'
'So am I to understand that you would leave an old beggar out in the winter cold because he might carry mice with him?' Biron asked.
'That is not what I am saying. I may very well give in and allow the dirty beggar to stay, but I do it out of sentiment and not out of wisdom. But sentiment leads us astray as often as it leads us aright, as I have already said.
'There was a young servant girl who lived on my estate, many years ago. She broke the laws of the household and was one day found to be carrying a child in her womb.' Biron sat up and listened intently.
'When her time came upon her she gave birth to a little boy, if it is right to call it a boy. For the child was a monster. Two heads it had, and three arms; one on each side and another coming from the middle of it's chest. I shudder to even recall the sight.'
By Pelas!' Biron whispered. 'What became of the child?'
'It perished in the wilds, long ago. At my command, the baby was to be taken and burned with fire, lest the gods curse us with further trials. The woman was ransomed for thirty ewe-lambs as the priest of Lavrila instructed us. But she would accept no pardon and stole off in the middle of the night with the child and wandered off alone into the woods toward Galva-la. She stole the child right off of the altar; he was taken right out of the flaming coals.
'We searched long and hard for her, but in the end her body was found naked, starved and drowned on the shores of the Yilnir River. The beast's swaddling clothes were discovered many miles downstream. By this we knew that he had also met his doom in the waters. Saved from fire to perish in water; so senseless.
'Sympathy it was that drove this beautiful maiden to madness. Reason dictates that nothing but sorrow and pain can come of a child so afflicted by the gods. But sympathy for the cursed fruit of her womb drove her to cast off the rational woman and take up the mantle of a lunatic.
'Her sympathy cost her both her child and her life together. Better it would have been for her to do as the gods require and burn up the fallen seed in flames.'
Biron was silent for a several minutes and just sort of wandered around the room, lost in thought. After a long while he sat down again and spoke, 'This little girl that you almost struck along the road,' he said, returning the conversation to the former subject.
'Yes,' Ponteris responded.
'How do you know she was not beloved of the gods?'
'What do you mean? She was only a peasant.'
'But so was Galvahir, when he took up his sword and vanquished the darkness. And so were your own ancestors who wandered into this forest hungry and naked. Was Oastir a hero already when in a burlap shirt he marched to the aid of the Silvirne King? You cannot know whom the gods will make noble; or whom the gods will choose to sit upon a throne and rule over their peers. You may have struck a queen on that road; you know not who she might become. Therein lies the answer, my friend. For the gods have little use for statues and precious white stones, whose mansions are built with gold and silver and every precious gemstone. But there will only ever be one Galvahir and one Oastir. And had they so lightly been struck down in their youth, there would be only seven clans in Noras and certainly no Cheftan Biron Galvahirne and no Cheftan Ponteris Oastirne.'
Cheft Biron got up and walked to the door. 'You cannot know the councils of the gods,' he said. He left the room and shut the door loudly behind him.
The two had many such conversations. Until at last Biron took to avoiding Ponteris and hoping only to see him at the Council. And after that, hoping to see him not at all.
The Noras Council
About a month after Cheft Biron's arrival, the other Cheftans arrived and many councils were held. All the while Cheft Biron's servants were kept busy feeding and cleaning up after the many important guests. Lady Marima worked as hard as any, though she was still quite weak from her sickness. Cheft Biron urged her to rest, but she would not listen to him.
'Shall I lay in bed forever, my lord? And allow the house to be run by servants?' She asked him when he had pressed her hard.
'My only desire is to see you well rested and in your full strength,' the Cheftan explained. 'It would pain me so much to see you fall ill again.'
'I will take care, my lord, but I will still work. While our sons march in distant lands under gray skies and over frozen streams I will not lay idle. If what strength and diligence I have can aid your councils and thereby aid our sons, then I will be glad, though my last breath be spent scrubbing the stone kitchen floors.'
'My lady,' Cheft Biron said in a desperate voice, 'Let the servants scrub, there is still plenty for the Lady of Peiraso to occupy herself with!'

For the better part of two weeks the Cheftans remained in Peiraso, meeting in a council every evening and discussing the threat of goblins. Though he was still not quite certain, Cheft Biron was beginning to apprehend the cause of his troubled spirit. In many times past the Galvahirne had borne the brunt of conflict, whether it be the wars against the Daevaron in the east or against the goblins in the western mountains. It was no surprise to the Cheftan of Peiraso that the Galva Council was so ready to take the lead and march to war with the goblin raiders. But what did strike him as out of place was the ingratitude of his fellow Cheftans. It was almost as though they thought all the efforts and sufferings of the Galvahirne were displays of pride and greediness, rather than courage and loyalty. He felt their resentment even as they sat down to eat the meals his cooks had provided for them. 'What devil could breed such envy among so many wise men?'

On the morning of the twenty-eighth day of Frohest Cheft Biron gathered the Cheftans from every part of Noras in his Council Hall at Peiraso.
'Greetings fellow Cheftans of Noras!' Biron's voice boomed through the hall. 
The others responded in near unison, 'Hail Cheft Biron, lord of Peiraso.'
The Council Hall was the largest room in Peiraso. It had a tall arched ceiling held up with large wooden pillars. Each pillar was painted with a deep reddish brown color and was carved with letters and images recounting the history of the Galvahirne. The walls were built of dark logs and overhung with the pelts, teeth and horns of many different creatures. Cheft Biron was seated at the western edge of the Hall, clothed in his finest with a fur cape hung across his shoulders. Light came down in thick beams and struck the large wooden table in the center of the room around which the Cheftans were seated.
'I pray a blessing from Lord Pelas on the heads of all who love and honor Noras. For that is our business; it is for love of Noras that we gather, and I pray that in our gathering and in our councils we will be led to honor our beloved homeland.'
There was some scattered applause and some words of approval. Then the Council began. 
As the Cheftans spoke, one after another in turn, Cheft Biron began to  perceive a certain reluctance among many of them to even discuss the goblins and the march of the Galva Army.
'The purpose of this council is the war, my fellows,' Biron reminded them. But it was of little avail; Cheft Ponteris reproved him.
'Of all the Cheftans of Noras, I at least understand your mind, Cheft Biron. For my own son Sion marches toward the icy slopes of Mount Coronis even as we speak. I understand the anxiety that must assail your soul for the sake of your second-son. But we are all likewise invested in this land and we know too well your concern and worry. But we will do our sons greater harm if we neglect the land they protect and offer them nothing but poverty to return to in the end.'
And so the Council once more turned their minds to other matters. The vanishing of the White stag, whose famous pelt had made many hunters in Noras renowned and wealthy, was one of their chief concerns. Lord Biron paid little heed to these endless discussions. Cheft Gornas of the northern foothills of Daela suggested a sacrifice. 'Fifty white stags for the Vernal Goddesses. They cannot refuse such an oblation, for their love of the Noras is well-known,' he said with many appeals to the efficacy of the sacrifices of his northern ancestors.
Biron lifted his head for just a moment and asked him, 'Cheft Gornas, suppose they stay their hand from the sacrificial knife and the hunter's bow together. Will not their numbers increase? And a few years of scarcity will revive the value of the beloved pelts. Take a lesson from Lord Ponteris,' Biron laughed. 'He can tell you how rare and valuable deer have become in his own lands!'
Lord Ponteris laughed politely. 'Remember, Cheft Biron, beauty requires sacrifice.' 
In the end the Council decided that it would make the sacrifice on the first day of Spring.
Other matters were discussed, some briefly and some at considerable length. Each day, Cheft Biron would open the meeting with a reminder that their true purpose was the support of the Galva Army, but this was soon forgotten and their attention was drawn to other matters. This was done so swiftly and seemingly so deliberately that Cheft Biron's suspicions were roused and the shadow which he had feared began to take shape.
On the seventh day of the Council he rose up in his seat and spoke in a voice that echoed through the halls of Peiraso, stopped every mouth and turned every ear. Though none of the others could see him, Lord Pelas himself stood beside him and gave Biron's mortal voice immortal authority and strength.
'Men of Noras,' he began, omitting the honorable title of Cheftan, 'It is well known that the Galhavirne have ever been the guardians of Noras.' At this, many of the Cheftans became uneasy, Biron took note of these.
'Since the ancient days we have been the vanguard in every danger and have bled and suffered first in every battle and every woe that has befallen Noras. This is nothing strange or new, for it was the way of our first father Galvahir Pelassum. He was given that title, which means 'the like of Pelas', by none other than your own ancestors. Every one of them in that day acknowledged the bravery and the strength of Galvahir.
'It was he who drove the Black Devil out from under the trees of Noras and freed the thralls from their dark master's chains. Not being content to retire in some remote corner of Noras while others guarded the peace that he attained, he marched out to war against the delvers and the Goblins of the Coronan Mountains. Thus he wrought peace and freedom within Noras and safety and security without. For this he was called Galvahir the Twice-Blessed.'
'And let us not forget the fell day that the High Silvirne King was besieged by his enemies in the great fortress of Dadron. My first father was not content to sit idly by in his hidden forest home and hope to escape a danger that fell on his neighbor rather than on his own head. But he mustered the Noras under the banner of the Silverne King and marched to war. There he fell, with his kinsmen Cossa and Mishna before the walls of the Silvirne Fortress.
'As it was then, so it has ever been. The Galvahirne have suffered many evils and trials for the sake of their beloved Noras. And when they are finished with war and peril, they must take to the gathering of taxes and the harvesting of tribute. For the Noras Council demands a tithe of its people, but the Noras Council has not the strength to gather it. So it commands its humble servants the Galvahirne to do its mud-work! We guard the borders and rob the peasants with the same blade. Thus the Galvahirne have a name, both honored and reviled, but all for Noras. I do not say this to complain, rather to call to remembrance that there is much that Noras owes to its Galvahirne brethren. The least of that obligation is its attention when the Heir of Galvahir speaks!'
This last sentence he spoke with such force that some of the Cheftans were nearly driven from their seats. The attention of the Council was turned to the matter of the war. Pelas was contented and himself took a seat next to the Cheftan and watched.
'What would you have us do, Cheftan Galvahirne?' Cheft Fidre asked, trying not to tremble.
'The Galva Army approaches the goblins as we speak, yet we do not know whether it is a tribe or an army, whether they are petty or hob-goblins. How many orcs are there? How are they armed? Will the Noras Council send its sons to war against phantoms, whose shape it knows not?'
But much to the surprise of Cheft Biron, and much more to Pelas' amazement, the Cheftans soon recovered their nerves and spoke boldly against Biron. There were some indeed who seemed to be of the same mind as their host, but the boldness of their peers prevented them from coming to his support.
'The decision to send an army so hastily was the decision of the Galva Council, not of all Noras,' Cheft Daevin spoke with a finger pointed toward Biron.
'Do not wag your finger at me, Cheft Daevin. It has ever been the custom of the Galvahirne to march out to meet trouble rather than beg for it to have mercy when it comes to meet us!' This last remark was not taken well at all. Cheft Daevin lived, of all the Noras clans, furthest from the mountains and closest to Daevaron. It was widely believed that it was due to his ancestors' sloth that so much of the lands between the forest and the Libron River had been surrendered to Daevaron.
'Cheft Biron,' Cheft Gornas interrupted. 'When did the Galvahirne begin to be so much greater than their brethren that they belittle them with harsh and thoughtless words?'
The mood of the council took a quick turn and many Cheftans had their turn criticizing and upbraiding Cheft Biron. 'You are not the only Galvahirne, my lord,' spoke Cheft Hassa. 'And the Galva army are not all your kin, though I imagine it is only your kin with which you are concerned.'
'Is not Cheft Faros in command of your army?' Cheft Gornas asked, 'And is not Cheft Rahm, Noras' greatest warrior with him? Surely they can manage a few renegade goblins.'
At that Cheft Biron stood up again. Pelas rose as well and with a breath from his nostrils the light of the torches leaped up bright and tall. The room fell silent. Cheft Biron seemed in that moment to possess all the grandeur of his ancient father.
'If it is truly the will of this Council to play at war as though it were a mere curiosity, then I will call back the army of the Galvahirne at once. Let the goblins run free if they are so few, for there is plenty of room in the mountains for so small a force. Let them live in peace, and then we'll see the great wisdom of the Council of Noras fulfilled.'
Cheft Horan, a thin but severe old man, had until this moment been quiet. But now he rose from his seat to face Biron. 'It is not the will of this Council to send armies to where there is little danger. The scouts have spoken; you have heard their report for yourself. The goblins are few in number, hungry, and poorly armed. The Army of Galva will return by the time of the Harvest Moon. Of this I have very little reason to doubt. And nor should you, Cheft Galvahirne. You shame your ancestors with your haste!' Cheft Horan pounded his flattened palm on the table and walked away.
Many of the other Cheftans followed him. 'Tomorrow this Council must make its decision,' he said after he had thrown open the door of the Council Chamber. 'I pray to the Blessed Pelas that your heart is softened ere we reconvene.'

'You cannot oppose Cheft Horan,' Cheft Ponteris insisted when the Hall was finally emptied of all but the two of them. 'He is too beloved and too powerful to offend. If he turns his heart against the Galvahirne there will be no convincing the others. Bide your time, friend, and we will see what Cheft Faros can do.'
'Even the greatest warriors can be overcome,' Cheft Biron responded. 'Do not forget that it was not only Galvahir Pelassum who perished in front of Dadron in the old war. The Silverne King himself was slain, and even Marliuk the Eglat was dragged down in ruin. Every force has its limit, and we don't yet know what force besets us in the mountains.'
'But aren't you being as overzealous as they are stubborn? After all, have you any reason to think that there is more to fear on Coronis than a camp of raiders?'
Biron sat silent for a while, then said, 'We will see, when all the scouts have reported.' Then he rose and departed from the Council Hall.
'What scouts?' Ponteris asked, 'We have already heard their reports!' But Cheft Biron had already left, without staying to hear what he had said.

There was a storm during the night and it seemed as though the dawn never came. The clouds were thick and the sun was nowhere to be seen when the Council regathered in the Hall. There was very little humor that morning. The Cheftans had noticed a rather abrupt change in the quality of their meals. It seemed to them, though none of them would say anything openly, that when they opposed Cheft Biron's opinions, their food and drink tasted worse. This morning there was only toasted bread and cheese, with milk and water to drink. 
Watching them grumble quietly to each other from outside the hall, Lady Marima laughed.
'Is it so funny to watch old men suffer so,' Cheft Ponteris asked as he approached her.
'I'm sorry, my lord, I did not realize you were nearby, or I too would have hidden my sentiments. But the secret is out. I laugh at the Cheftans. But I can hardly be blamed. They sit on my cushions while our sons sit on frozen roots, and for their sakes! No, they will not get an ounce more of my cream and butter!'
'You are conniving woman,' Ponteris said with a smile. 'But Cheft Biron is indeed fortunate to have such a lovely wife and such an impassioned mother for his sons.'
Lady Marima bowed, 'I thank you my lord,' she said, her cheeks turning red. 'You are too kind, for it is I who am fortunate.'
Cheft Ponteris paused for a moment and seemed lost in thought. His eyes were fixed on hers. She looked away and began to walk back toward the servants' kitchen.
He watched her until she was gone and then he shook his head and entered the Hall.
'Cheftan Biron is more fortunate than he deserves.'
The Wolf
Lord Pelas rushed from the Council Hall and left the house in a full run. He was not as fast as Mityai, but his feet still carried him faster than any mortal could run. With ease he leaped over the gate and landed on the soft grass outside the wall, making no noise. He rushed down the hill and came at last to the edge of the woods. There he let out a shrill whistle. No human ears could hear it, but for many leagues the beasts began to chomp and stomp. Dogs barked, wolves howled and the birds shrieked and darted about in fright.
In a moment a great black wolf appeared from the forest. His eyes glowed red as he drew near to Lord Pelas. 'For what does the mighty lord of Falsis disturb the night air with so terrible a call?' a cold and cruel voice said.
'Ghastin,' Pelas addressed him, 'you are the lord of all wolves, and you know every clearing and every hill in this wide forest. I have need of your speed and wisdom. You must find the great eagle Maru, and send him to Peiraso at once!'
'You are the god of all this land,' Ghastin answered, 'and there are few who question your power.'
Pelas shuddered as the wolf spoke, for he knew that his heart was full of darkness and hatred. The fell wolf spoke on, 'But there are a few of us who still remember our own strength as well as yours. Do not order me about as though I were one of your nymphs or string-legged lady sprites. Me and mine know better.'
'Very well, then, since I do not have the time right now to prove my strength to you I will bargain. What is your price?'
'You know very well. Our bellies are empty, for it is the middle of the cruel winter and there is nothing about for us to eat.'
'Your bellies?' Pelas smirked, 'You speak as though you had a belly of your own to fill.'
The wolf chuckled menacingly. It is better to fill the belly of this beast than to wander the world empty and shapeless like you spirits. But say what you will, my price remains the same. It has been many years since we tasted the flesh of men.'
'Very well, you shall have your fill,' Pelas said reluctantly. 'There is war coming to Coronan. There your packs will find the flesh of men and goblins ripe for the harvest. Only do not touch the son of Biron, whether you find him living or dead. Now do as I say and send Maru to Peiraso immediately!'
'As you wish,' Ghastin sneered as he bowed in mock reverence. 
'Devil-wolf!' Pelas cried, 'Do not tempt me, and do not dare betray me, for I have half a mind to prove your challenge folly right this moment.' At these words the wolf backed away, frightened by the might of Pelas if only for a moment.
'I am many things,' he replied through his clenched teeth, 'But a traitor I am not. I have made my deal, and I will fulfill it. Look for Maru by the light of dawn. If he flies not over Peiraso by then, you can thrash me all you like.'
The wolf turned and darted away, howling to his servants. The wolves of Noras would have much work to do this night. 
The Last Meeting
Through the first several hours of the final Council meeting, Cheft Biron sat calmly and quietly. He said little, aside from occasionally encouraging them to discuss 'smaller' matters and leave the discussion of the war off until later. But as the day drew on he grew restless. He ate very little when the council broke for the noon meal, and he ate nothing when their dinner was set before them.
By that time it was obvious to all that he was distressed. Cheft Horan was the first to express the common observation. 'It seems to me, Cheft Biron, that you must be feeling unwell. Perhaps you would like us to come to a decision about your request for aid to the Galva Army?'
'Whatever your pleasure is,' he said, rising from his seat. 'But hear me well Council of Noras. Whatever this Council decides, I am Cheftan of the Galhvahirne and will not suffer them to face peril alone.'
'But without the Council,' Horan sneered, 'There is very little that you can do, your army is, after all, not currently at your disposal. Unless you would summon them back from the mountains to rescue themselves from the goblin army!' This was met with a quiet rumble of tasteless laughter. Biron looked at him with cold eyes.
'What I can do I have done already,' Cheft Biron said as he walked toward the eastern doors. Just before he left the room he stopped and without turning to face the Council he spoke, 'I am not so bereft of help as you may suppose. Whether this council will choose to help the Galvahirne or not, I have already sent word to Dynamis.'
With those words he walked out and let the thick oak doors slam shut. Every sound within the Council Hall was stopped and the echo of the door rang in their ears as though a hammer was pounding the words of Biron into their minds. The smile had been wiped clean off the face of Cheft Horan, who now sat back in his chair staring up at the ceiling with nervous eyes. Cheft Ponteris alone seemed to retain his composure at the mention of Dynamis, and the hint of a satisfied grin could be discerned upon his face.

Chapter IV: 
The Goblins of Mount Coronis
The Army at Megd-u-Coran
By the time Mityai found Daryas again he was already reunited with the Galva army. It was due to Revere's testimony that they were sent to to seek the goblins' in the first place.  Cheft Faros brought the army to a place called Megd-u-Coran where the land flattened out for about two leagues before flying up into the sky in treacherous rocky cliffs. Here the animals stopped, for there was no longer a path fit for hooves and wheels. Faros ordered a camp to be made and set about ordering the pitching of tents and the building of barricades. The weary men welcomed the change and soon they were warming their feet in front of roaring fires.
Steep cliff walls shielded the camp from the west, while the northern edge was protected by the fierce and freezing Falsi River. To the south the land sloped down swiftly toward the plains of Andu and fifty leagues beyond that was the Old Highway. 'The only place from which we are vulnerable to attack is from the very road on which we came,' Cheft Faros remarked.
'Indeed,' Cheft Rahm agreed, 'this seems to be a secure place to camp, at least for the time being. At any rate, it will do us good to get the men out of the snow and wind, for many of them have already taken ill.'

When at last their tent had been set in order, Daryas and Sion sat down to eat in front of a small fire. 'You never did explain your strange words,' Daryas said as they ate a meal of dried meat and stale bread. 'What is this 'soul-foolishness'?
'Soul-foolishness,' Sion began with a smile, trying not to choke as he stifled a laugh, 'Is that sin of which the Ancient spirits were guilty; one that so angered the gods that they were condemned to live upon the face of Tel Arie in poverty, bondage, and weakness.'
'Spirits? Soul-foolishness? Sion, you are going to have to start your explanation at the very beginning!' Daryas insisted.
'Very well, I see that they no longer raise children with wisdom among the Noras and they need to have everything explained to them very slowly and in order.'
'Very slowly and in order is better than not at all,' Daryas responded. 'And we shall see if it is wisdom that I lack!'
'Well, according to my father - and we know that my father's words are true - this is the way the world was formed:
"In ages past, long before there was any earth or sea, the world was inhabited by Spirits. Our spirits in fact, for we are immortal, though we do not yet realize it. But our souls lived for aeons under the stars dancing and singing the hymns of the gods in harmony. 
"But there was a rebellion, the Evil One seduced some of the lesser spirits and caused them to try and overcome their brethren and destroy the works of the gods. Had this gone on much longer, there would be nothing but darkness left in the world.
"But the mighty Pelas and his twin brother Agon defeated the Evil One (this was before Agon became evil himself). They cast him into outer darkness, somewhere, and decided to punish the spirits who had sinned by imprisoning them within bodies of flesh and bone. These soul-fools, as they were known among the gods, were then forced to live on the earth as animals and as people.
"Being fair and just, Pelas created a prison for each spirit in accordance with the grievousness of their sins. So to the most rebellious he gave hideous forms, like unto worms and creeping things and to the least rebellious he gave human forms or animal forms. Each spirit was given a form that was befitting his prior life."
'And what is the meaning of all this?' Daryas asked.
'The point is, my good friend, that when the peasant stops at the house of Ponteris he can be turned away without a thought. The Cheftan's conscience is clean, for he would not want to deny the decrees of the gods by comforting a sinner in his duly received affliction.
'But doesn't that mean that Cheft Ponteris is also among the condemned, as well as so many other men and women of renown?'
'You are not as clever as you look, Daryas,' Sion laughed. 'You see, the gods in their wisdom knew that these foolish souls would need guardians that would make sure that they did not once again make war against all that is good and just. So they also sent in souls of the highest order to serve as nobles, kings, philosophers and various other wealthy lords to make sure that these Soul-fools were well managed.'
'Souls such as Cheftan Ponteris?'
'Indeed,' Sion could barely contain his laughter as he spoke, 'My dear father is a guardian and a shepherd to these poor Soul-fools!'
'But this is absurd!' Daryas said half in disbelief.
'Oh my friend, you have only heard a little bit. But in truth there are many elaborate tales and stories by which men drive empathy from their hearts. The moment a man's poverty and want is considered his own fault, there is no longer any need of compassion; and more importantly there is no longer any need of generosity.'

A large tent was placed in the center of the camp with a large bonfire built near its entrance. Inside, around a small wooden table, the four Cheftans sat in council. Cheft Rahm spoke first. 'We have come far and with little difficulty, my lord. But now we have need of council. For the words of the scout Revere weigh heavy on my mind, and his report was confirmed by the testimony of the Cheftirne. Daryas, son of Biron, and Hassan, son of Ponteris, have returned with the same news. The goblins of Coronis are unarmed and vulnerable, yet the smoldering ruins of Wesla and Cronla tell us there is more to them than meets the eye.' 
'Then you are of the same mind with that braggart?' Faros said harshly when the old man had finished speaking. 'I know what he was hinting at. A Conjurer of all things! Surely you don't believe such nonsense.'
'Whether it is nonsense or not, it would be wise to tread with caution in these lands. They are seldom visited, and they have never been fully mapped. We cannot know what sort of evil dwells above us in the high places. Goblins,' Rahm paused and then lowered his voice, 'Goblins are clever brutes, my lord.'
Cheft Faros grew increasingly impatient with his captains. His face was bright red and he was almost yelling as he spoke. 'I will not lead this army into war against superstitions and old wives' tales, when there are enough devils of flesh and blood with which to contend. Show me a Conjurer, and then I will believe that the braggart speaks the truth. I have scoured every scroll and every military record of Dadron the Great. I have read the Silvirne stories and the stories of the Daevars and the Noras. There is one thing in which all these folks agree, that there are no Conjurers!'
'My lord,' Cheft Vilav said with amazement, 'How is it that you can say such a thing, when the legends and stories of the Noras are teaming with such accounts? Not to mention the histories of the Silvirne?'
'You can believe what you want, Cheft Vilav,' Faros snapped. 'But none of those tales even seem to be within the bounds of possibility. And if they are not possible, then they certainly aren't true. They are no more real than the Chronicles of the Merkata or the tale of Idu the Fool.'
'One last word, my lord,' Cheft Rahm said in a clear and calm voice. 'The cause of the goblins' odd behavior is unknown, but the effect is certain. That much none of us can deny. There is something strange at work here, something unknown to us. And that man is a fool who takes no care when he acts without knowledge.'
The First Battle
There were three goblin camps located about three leagues apart from each other in a relatively flat section of the mountainside. The first was about seven leagues due west from Megd-u-Coran, in a place where the trees were very thin. The next camp was made about two leagues north of that one, and the third was about a league further to the north along a quick running mountain spring.
Cheft Faros' will prevailed; Cheft Lonos supported him, Vilav refused to oppose him openly, and Cheft Rahm was too honorable a warrior to press the matter further. 'We will see what the gods have prepared for us,' was all that he said.
On the morning of the fifteenth day of Leonius, Cheft Lonos marched with five hundred men far to the north while Cheft Rahm and Cheft Vilav marched northwest, each with five-hundred men under their command. Cheft Faros marched also, though with only a small force of about seventy men with which he could move swiftly and send orders to each of his captains. The rest of the Galva Army remained in their camp at Megd-u-Coran.
Their intention was to drive a wedge between each camp and cut them off from one another. This they hoped would allow them to be conquered separately and more easily.
As Revere had reported, each goblin camp held around three-hundred and fifty goblin men, and these were all unarmed. The Galva army marched toward them eagerly with their spirits raised as high as their green banners. 
'You must almost pity them,' Sion said as they marched northwest with Cheft Rahm's band. 'I know they are just brutes, but they are unarmed and unawares. It will be a dark day for them.'
'But they may not always be so,' Daryas reminded him. 'And once they have acquired weapons we might regret any thoughts of pity. And we must not forget to spare some pity for those of our own lands who will suffer at their hands.'
'Suffering will come to Noras as likely from human hands as goblins. It is not righteousness that makes us different from the goblins.'

Cheft Rahm's great horn blared and the Galva army attacked. The warriors of Noras fell on their prey with the swiftness of a hawk. They marched into the camp with their blades drawn and their spears held high. The goblins fled at the sight of them, but were unable to escape. Cheft Rahm was in the midst of the camp, hewing them down with his mighty axe, with his nephews guarding his side, stabbing goblins here and there with their spears.
Before the fight began, Sion led Daryas to a ridge just south of the camp, within an arrow's-flight from the center. There they hid among the snow covered rocks and fallen trees, waiting in silence for the battle to begin.
From their hiding place they sunk many arrows into the backs of their foes. By the end of ten minutes Sion had taken down sixteen altogether, but Daryas slew only seven.
'I have never been that great of an archer,' he said as he watched Sion drop his fourteenth goblin.
'There is time yet to improve, friend,' Sion said as he released an arrow into his fifteenth.
Mityai was nearby, and she giggled to herself when she saw them competing in this way. Sion aimed for his seventeenth foe, but when he released his arrow Mityai grabbed it from the air and guided it with her swift feet away from the neck of the goblin for which it was destined and drove it through his heel instead. In an instant she returned to the archers and likewise snatched Daryas' arrow in its flight and drove it into the heart of the very same goblin.
'Now that is just unfair,' Sion complained. 'That should have been mine!'
'Don't fret it, Sion,' Daryas said, surprised at his success, 'I must admit that it was little more than chance that drove my arrow so fatally.'
Mityai rushed back and forth between goblin and archer, dragging Daryas' arrows into his foes and leading Sion's away. All the while her laughter echoed through the hill, though not to the ears of mortal men. In the end their counts were matched at eighteen.
'There is more to the son of Biron than I would have guessed,' Sion said shaking his head. 'If this were a game I would call you a cheater and walk away in anger and wrath. But in this dread business of war I say, cheat as much as you wish! We will all be the better for it.'

It was not long before all the goblins lay slain upon the ground. From the ridge Daryas and Sion could now see Cheft Rahm walking about among the fallen brutes with his bodyguards on each side. He found what he deemed to be the Hob-goblin's hut and entered it, followed by two of his guards. 
'That is unusual,' Sion said.
'What do you mean?' Daryas asked. They now rested on a small boulder with their feet dangling off the edge overlooking the camp.
'Cheft Rahm went into the tent first. It is customary to let the bodyguards enter first to ensure the Cheftan's safety.'
'He seemed to be in a bit of a rush,' Daryas said as he stood up. He brushed the dirt from his pants and prepared to climb down. 'We should go down and see if there are any arrows to be reclaimed.'
'A moment,' Sion said as he tugged on Daryas's shoulder. 'There is something strange at work here. These were all petty goblins, and there is no sign of a hob or an orc.'
'What could it mean?' he asked.
'All things act according to their own peculiar patterns and rules. But in these camps I see none of the things that are supposed to govern goblins. There are no women, which makes them seem more like warriors than raiders. There are no weapons, which makes them look more like fools than cunning brutes. And there is no hob-goblin or orc to rule over them.'
'But if they are not ordered by a hob-goblin, then by what are they ordered?'
'By something else,' Sion whispered. Mityai drew her face close to Daryas and tried to speak, but none of her words could enter his mortal ears. She could not warn him of the danger that her lord Pelas had seemed so concerned with.
Even as she tried to speak, Cheft Rahm emerged from the tent and looked around frantically. 'Return to camp at once!' he shouted. He said more, but his voice was overpowered by a shrill scream.
All eyes were drawn to the northwest, where there stood a lone goblin on the top of a high ridge. It was a she-goblin.
High atop the ridge she wailed and screamed at the sight of the slain goblins. In a short time she was joined by others who likewise began to wail and scream. The warriors below covered their ears. Some of them were so vexed by the shrill sound that they dropped their weapons and fell to their knees. Sion tapped Daryas's shoulder and the two darted off the rock, sliding, climbing and almost falling down the hill toward the camp.
The screaming ended abruptly. The she-goblins charged forward, stumbling with rage and trampling each other as they rushed down the slope of the mountain. Fury is not an adequate word for the heat of passion and anger with which they smote the ranks of the Galva Army. 
Cheft Rahm's force retreated quickly, the little warning they had was enough to save most of them from being overcome in the ambush. But nothing would stop the raging tide of goblins.
Unlike the poor brutes they had just slain, these she-goblins were not unarmed. 
Most of them carried wooden spears or stone hammers and many other primitive weapons. But there were many among them that bore swords, daggers, and even shields. They were terribly unorganized, as is to be expected among goblins; yet their numbers and their anger supplanted every design and every strategy of the Galva Army. There was nothing left to do but to flee. Shields were dropped and cloaks cast aside as they ran and slid down toward the main camp. More than a dozen of Rahm's warriors, in the panic of the moment, were betrayed to their deaths by the hidden pitfalls and sheer cliffs that surrounded their path.
Mityai followed close behind her charge in quiet fear, not knowing what to do. For she was no great warrior, and she could not stop the goblins by might. All that she could do was to scatter the stones and roots that might trip the fleeing warriors and to cast branches and rocks in front of the charging horde.
As the fleeing Galva Army drew closer to their camp they came to the edge of a tall cliff. There they met the remains of Cheft Vilav's force. In one glimpse they could see by the fear and sorrow in their eyes that their force had met a similar, but worse fate. There were many wounded among them, and as they walked they left in their wake a trail of blood.
The injuries and sorrow of their comrades revived the spirits of Cheft Rahm's men. Without a word or a command they turned on their heels and charged the rampaging she-goblins. The two forces met like the crashing of two rams, horn against horn. There they fought for the blood of Vilav's men; the Galvahirne to save it, and the she-goblins to spill it. Cheft Rahm stepped into the front of the battle and with a loud shout swung his mighty battle-axe into the wave of foes. His powerful strokes severed heads and limbs and sent the she-goblins into retreat, if only for a moment. To his side rushed all of the mighty warriors of the Galva army to hold them back while their wounded companions escaped down a steep path from the cliff's edge.
Many hundreds of she-goblins fell at their feet in that spot. Ander and Silos rushed to their uncle and guarded him on each side as he cut his way through the goblins. Sion and Daryas along with many other archers rained arrows upon their enemies until all their arrows were spent. Then they drew their knives and fought alongside the warriors. Mityai turned also to help them, but this time she guided the blades of both men, caring more for their lives than for their tallies.
But in the end even this ground had to be abandoned and Cheft Rahm led his men back to the camp, fighting every step of the way.

By the time the night fell the she goblins gave up their pursuit and returned to the mountain by the same path. The wind was cruel that night as the survivors returned to the camp with heads hung in sorrow. Cheft Rahm hurried to Cheft Faros' tent and asked for news of the other forces.
'Cheftan, what news have we from the others?' he said with a flame of sorrow in his eyes. 'We have been driven back, but the greater part of our number are unharmed. We have lost no more than sixty, from what I can tell in this darkness.'
Faros paused for a moment and then spoke softly and without emotion, 'Cheft Vilav returned with only one hundred of his warriors.'
There was a long pause before Rahm pressed him again, 'Cheftan, what about Cheft Lonos and his force?'
Faros turned away and looked into the darkness in the corner of his tent. 'Cheft Lonos returned alone.'
'By Agon,' Rahm whispered. His heart sunk and his eyes fell to the floor. 'Where is he now?'
'He is in his tent, he has not spoken a word since he returned.'

Cheft Rahm spoke only briefly with Lonos that day.
'My body is untouched,' Lonos complained, 'but I fear that my soul has perished within me. For I alone escaped alive. A fate most unfitting for a warrior; to live on while all of your youths perish.'
'Such a fate was not of your own making,' Rahm said softly. 'It is Pelas who decides who is to sleep and who is to wake. You cannot lay the blame at your own feet.'
Lonos looked nervous for a moment and opened his mouth as if he was going to speak but then shut his lips quickly.
'We are sending out scouts in the morning,' Rahm told him. 'We will not let these goblins draw our blood without drawing our own share from them. And we will put such an increase on our portion that they will not henceforth spill the blood of the Noras lightly.'
The Strange Path
The following morning Sion and Daryas were sent into the mountains to find the goblins' lair. Tracking them was not a difficult task; it was simply a matter of following the trail of blood and abandoned bodies back to the camps and up into the mountains. But as they climbed higher into the Coronan the weather once again turned against them. There were few trees in this section of the mountain to guard them from the frigid wind that came rushing down the mountainside. They drew their cloaks around their faces and pressed on, always trying to stay out of sight.
For two days they searched without success for signs of a camp or a settlement. On the third day, however, they found a small trail heading south and veering toward the western side of the mountain near the ridge from which the she-goblins had descended in their fury.
They followed this trail, occasionally passing the frozen bodies of she-goblins whose injuries had apparently been too severe to survive the retreat. With every step they became more apprehensive and cautious; they had no desire to bring upon their lonely heads the fury that they had experienced in that first battle.
At long last, when the sun reached its noonday height they came to a high ridge overlooking a flat plain below. There they saw an enormous goblin camp stretched out beneath them. 'Seven hundred tents at least,' Sion said after they had watched it for a few minutes. 'Each holds not less than twenty goblins I expect. And the hordes of she-goblins are but the lesser part of their might.'
'Then they have the mastery of numbers,' Daryas said in a low whisper. 'We should leave here immediately and warn the others. For this is a task beyond the Galva Army.'
'This may be a task beyond all the warriors in Noras,' Sion responded. 'Whoever told Cheft Faros that we would make an easy slaughter of these brutes was either stupid or a traitor.'
'Or both more likely,' Daryas said sharply. He shook his head and said with urgency, 'Sion, the enemy now lies between us and our camp; we must hurry lest we get cut off from our path.'
'We will leave soon enough,' Sion said. 'But we should learn more about their numbers and arms first. The Galva Army has been deceived; we were not sent here to save Noras.'
Daryas turned his head sharply, his face losing all color. 'What are you saying, friend?' 
'Comrade,' he spoke with a strange confidence born of humor. 'We are not dead yet, so do not look at me as though I were a ghost. Let us learn more and then return to our fellows. When we are returned, that will be the time for council and speculation. But if we do not make it back in a timely manner, and with a more certain knowledge of our enemies, all our pondering will be turned into vanity.'
So they remained in their hiding places until they had made several more observations.
There were far more goblins than they had been told. In this camp alone they saw evidence of a force greater than ten-thousand strong. But among those encamped below them they saw no she-goblins.
'So the devils that routed us with such fury must be from yet another camp,' Daryas said with frustration. 
Such a large number of goblins would need many provisions. 'These are no raiders,' Sion said as he watched them move about their camp. They have crated food and barrels of drink. We are not looking at a tribe. This is an army.' 
Daryas pointed out some of the larger guards. 'Look below at those orcs. It is hard to see from here, but their blades are straightened and sharp. Every now and again I can make out a glint of light from their edges. No goblin raider is so careful as to keep their blades free from rust and dent.'
Perhaps the most alarming discovery was that of a strange stone pathway by which many goblins were entering and leaving the camp.
'This is no mere trail, these are cut stones,' Sion pointed out.
'I think you are right,' Daryas said as he looked closer at the stones on each side.
'Daryas, you know the tales of Noras better than I,' Sion said, 'Should we expect to find a carved stone road in the high places of Mount Coronan? Could this path have been been carved by the delvers, many ages ago?'
Daryas took a moment to think and then answered, 'It is true that until the wars of Galvahir they had built many strongholds in the mountains. But I have never heard of them building on Mount Coronis. In fact, from what I have been taught, the delvers regarded this mountain as sacred and swore never to set axe or hammer against it. That is, if you can believe the old stories.'
'Could there be delvers in these mountains still?' Sion asked. 
'I don't know,' Daryas answered. 'I do not think they would last here long with these goblins about. The only thing that delvers hate more than men are goblins. At any rate, these walls are too large and too poorly crafted to be the work of delvers. I would say that these walls are of human making.'
'Could they have been made by the Noras?' Sion asked as he crept in for a closer look.
'I don't think so, the Noras build things for strength and use, this path seems to be built for haste. And built recently, for that matter,' Daryas walked over toward Sion and pointed down toward the side of the path's entrance. 'Do you see those mounds?'
Just to the south of the path's entrance there were many mounds of dirt and stones. 'These mounds have not yet been torn down by the wind and the snow. I would say that this path was made sometime last spring, certainly no more than two years ago.'
Sion suddenly grew uneasy. 'We had better return to the camp and tell the Cheftan. I have an ill feeling about this path.'

The scouts made their way back to the camp by the same road they had come. They were less cautious on their return, sometimes even walking openly along the bloodstained paths. It seemed to them that matters were so hopeless that stealth and survival now had little use.
But despite their speed they were unable to make their way back before night and found themselves setting up a hasty campsite about a half an hour's walk from the trail in a small rocky cave where they would be protected from the wind at least.
They set a small fire and ate some dried meat. 'I'm liable to break my teeth on this,' Sion complained. 'But I will eat it all the same,' he quickly added when Daryas glanced at his portion with hungry eyes.
After they finished eating they set up a shelter around the fire to block the wind and to conceal the flickering light. 'If it weren't so cold I would suggest we put it out altogether,' Daryas said. 'I do not like the feel of this place, I feel like we are walking into a dragon's mouth, step by step.'
'There are no dragons in the Coronan Mountains, thankfully,' Sion laughed. 'Do not worry, brave Daryas, we will return to camp soon enough.'
The pair sat in silence for a few minutes, listening to the howling wind from outside and shivering next to their fire.
'Daryas,' Sion began after some time had passed. 'I always hated hearing the old fairy stories about this mountain. But now that we are sitting here contemplating its mysteries, I am somewhat ashamed that I know so little of its history - if there be any history in the old tales.'
One thing that perhaps did distinguish Daryas from his peers was his skill as a storyteller. When he was a child his friends would listen for hours to the strange and fantastic tales he would invent or recount. Yet as he grew older his timidity took control and his stories became more infrequent until finally he ceased telling them almost entirely. Now the only people he would share his stories with were his brother and his friend Sion. But as the fire danced around the walls of the cave, and as his companion's eyes widened with interest, the talebearer awoke within him and he began to tell the ancient stories of the Noras forest and the Coronan Mountains. Most interesting to Sion were the stories that spoke of the Coronan Mountains themselves. Mityai also sat in the firelight listening, though neither of the spies even knew she was there.  She listened to his tales with wide eyes and with excitement, even though she knew most of his tales already. She not only knew them, but she knew them better than he did. For in her long years she had seen many of the heroes and villains with her own immortal eyes.
'In the Dark days, before the coming of the Nine Heroes, the Coronan Mountains were trampled by the feet of goblins above and shaken by the hammers of the delvers below. These two races were never at peace; they were constantly striving one against the other. It was said that the mountain streams ran red with the blood of their conflict, and sickened all those who drank from the Falsi River. The Delvers, it was said, wanted the meat for which the goblins hunted and the goblins wanted the gemstones and silver for which the delvers mined.
'Every now and again, the goblins would take a respite from their conflicts with the delvers and come down into the forest to raid the foolish people who lived there enthralled by the Devil King Agon.  But the darkness of those woods was more than even their foul souls could tolerate. In due time, Galvahir and the other Heroes defeated Agon by the power of the Holy Sword of Pelas and drove him over the Mountains to the wastelands of Amlaman, where he was condemned to dwell for all eternity. They made an end of the Temple of Agon, and stole his priestesses to be their own wives and servants. Upon their return, however, they found that goblins had filled the woods and the delvers had carried away all of their wealth.
'Galvahir gathered his followers and began a war with these creatures. He destroyed the delver strongholds in Libron and Galva, sending them into exile in the west. Some say they perished in the wilds, while others claim that they came to a place beyond Amlaman called Desset; and there they remain even to this day.
'But the goblins they treated more harshly. They slew every goblin that set foot in Noras and drove the others out of the mountains and into the northern sea. So fearful were they of Tanak, the sword of Pelas, that they leapt from cliffs and ridges down into valleys of ice and stone, or into the frozen seas to escape its wrathful edge. Others fled into the caves of the delvers where they were soon overcome by the foul Gaians - those spirits who dwell in the deep darkness of the earth. All this being accomplished, Galvahir returned to Noras and rested from his trials for twenty years.
'But Mount Coronis itself was not settled by the delvers. They seemed to have considered it a god of some kind, and as a result they never set axe nor pick against it. Neither did they ever set foot on the mountain if they could avoid it.
'The goblins seemed to have had some dwellings in the foothills of Coronis, but they are not stone-masons. As far as I know, they have never made such a path as the one that we've seen today. They can make tools, but not the like of those that carved such a path through the stones of this mighty mountain.'
'So what are we to make of this path?' Sion asked after he had listened to Daryas' tales.
'I don't know,' Daryas replied. 'But it is work too extensive and too well-crafted for goblins. On the other hand it is too simple and poorly made to be the work of Delvers.'
'And delvers do not make paths in the open air, if my memory serves,' Sion added with a thoughtful look on his face.
'Quite true,' Daryas confirmed. 'They make their paths in secret places under the darkness of the mountains, only breaking the surface where it is necessary, whether for air or for water or food. These paths, if we are not deceived, were made by men.'

Daryas stayed awake much longer than his friend, as was now his constant practice. He had not slept for many days now and as he sat there Old Man Sleep approached him quietly from the mouth of the cave.
He passed his hand over Daryas' eyes and his weary head nodded for a moment. But the young man resisted and shook his head violently to rouse himself. He sat up and began busying himself about the fire until it roared to new life and warmed his sleeping companion. 
Old Man Sleep sighed and sat down wearily beside Mityai. 'You gods can be such nuisances,' he said in his dry and toneless voice. 'Always meddling with mortals and never minding your own business.'
'But is that not our curse,' Mityai's gentle voice asked.
'It is not my place to say anything different from what your lord Pelas teaches you,' he sighed. Mityai looked confused.
'But Lord Pelas has taught us that we are cursed to be both servants and lords of mortal men, until the time that Pelas once again gains the ascendancy and redeems the whole earth.'
'Indeed you are cursed to be the servants and lords of men,' Sleep replied, 'But that doesn't mean that it is what you should be doing.'
'What do you mean?' Mityai asked.
'What should a mortal man do?' Sleep asked her.
'I suppose he must make for himself a living, and care for his children and his wife.'
'Indeed, but suppose he was a bad man, and found himself condemned to labor as a slave for some other man. Is that slavery and hardship what he ought to do, or is it what he must do?'
'It is what he must,' Mityai said, her eyes now glowing with inquisitiveness.
'But what he should do remains the same, is that not correct?'
'Yes,' Mityai said thoughtfully. 'He should still do those things. But now he is unable, and doomed to fail before he even begins.'
'Yet it is still his duty, is that not right?' Sleep asked her. 
'It is,' she answered.
'And that is the most shameful part of mortal chastisements: To be forbidden to do that which you ought, for having done that which you oughtn't. All wicked men are thus twice-damned.' Sleep looked into her eyes now as he spoke. 'Perhaps it is much the same with you immortals. 'You "must" meddle with mortal affairs, but you still "should" do that which is right.'
Mityai sat in silent thought for a moment. After a while she furrowed her silvery brow and spoke boldly to the Old Man. 'We will do something right then,' she said with resolution. 'Young Daryas will rest tonight, and you will help me.'
'Me?' Sleep exclaimed. 'If I knew that you were going to draw me into your scheme I would have remained silent altogether. I have no authority over the wills of men. That is the portion given to my brother Folly.'
Mityai sighed and moved away from the old man. She sat down gently behind Daryas. 'Very well then,' she said lifting her nose to the sky, 'then I will be Old Man Sleep tonight.'
The Old Man watched as she softly began to sing in her immortal voice, songs long forgotten by men in languages their ears had never heard. For some time she sat there, gently caressing his head as though she were trying to calm a weeping babe. Slowly he lowered his head and she eased him down onto his bedroll and closed his eyes. After a moment he stirred and he began to rise. But Old Man Sleep rose from his seat and placed his heavy hand upon his eyelids and dragged them shut once more. 'Far be it from me to cede my rights to such a little god,' he laughed. 'But there is still some part that you might play. Behold! The young man sleeps now, and his dreams will return if there is no one near to guard him.'
'Thank you, Old Father Sleep,' Mityai said in a broken voice. 
There she sat for long hours watching over him with his head cradled in her arms, singing her lovely songs to him. But sometime in the middle of the night, foul spirits came to torment him with visions of things not yet to be. Mityai held on to him all through the night, singing and praying; but she had no strength to stop his troubled nightmares. For they were sent to him from Lord Pelas himself. 
He dreamed that he was running, as always, through a forest in the darkness. Suddenly he looked behind him and beheld a great fire, burning in the distance. Smoke was rising in great billows, blotting out the light of the stars. He turned and ran toward the fire, not knowing what he expected to discover.
Suddenly, he became aware of the presence of another. A voice cried out, saying, 'How dark is your will Daryas! It hides even from yourself!'
The Second Battle
The following afternoon, the camp of the Galva Army was sent into an uproar. The scouts returned with news of the goblin army and it seemed as though the courage of the Galvahirne melted away. All would have broken down into complete chaos had not Cheft Rahm taken matters into his own hands. He walked to the center of the camp with his nephews on either side of him, dressed in full battle attire. He climbed atop one of the wagons and blew three loud blasts with a ram's horn. The sound echoed through the mountain and every ear turned toward the old hero of Noras. 
'Men of Noras! Galvahirne, Oastirne, and Vivlirne alike!' he called out. 'It was not that long ago by the ages of this world that your fathers marched against the armies of the goblins of these very mountains. They were armed with their own hides and knew not the mountain passes. Their swords were dull and their spears were made of wood. Their numbers were less than yours as well. In every way you stand here a more excellent force than theirs. Yet their small numbers and feeble weapons were compensated by the intense fire of their passion. Their love of our great wood drove our fathers to heroics the likes of which Noras has not known before or since.
'But there is no reason that those heroics must die. We are their sons, every one of us. The blood of heroes flows through our veins and will not be easily spilt. So turn your eyes once more toward Coronis' peak. We will not be driven back; not by a hundred goblins, nor will be pushed back by a hundred-thousand goblins. As long as we draw breath from the same air as our ancient ancestors we will not relent in our defenses.
'For the sake of our mothers and our sisters, who will be carried off as spoil, to be ill-treated in some orc or hob-goblin's den, we will bleed the devils till they are swept off this mountain in a rushing torrent of their own blood!'
With these words the men cheered and their courage was renewed. Even Cheft Faros, who had been pacing within the walls of his tent was brought back to a courageous disposition by his bold words. 'Truly Pelas smiled upon us when he sent Cheft Rahm to march among us.'
Rahm continued with many words of encouragement. 'Do we not have among us many heroes among the Noras. Is there not marching with us men like Swagar Prostirne? Pater Borirne and Tiltos the High Priest's son are also among us. Gergius Gergirne and many of the sons of Clinlor and Mallor have answered our call to arms. We have also Hassan Ponterirne, whose skill with both bow and sword is unparalleled.
'Truly not in the history of Noras since the days of Galvahir himself has such a force been assembled. We would shame every one of our ancestors if we were to turn our backs to these goblins today.'
The warriors were encouraged and they prepared their weapons and armor once again for battle. Nevertheless, Cheft Faros sent runners hurrying eastward down the mountains to seek aid in Belnan.

Cheft Faros proved his skill as a strategist and commander during the second battle. He sent Cheft Vilav with two thousand men marching up the mountain paths toward the goblin camp. They marched openly and in full sight with shields and banners and flags waving about in the cold mountain wind.
The sun rose high above the Galva Army, unhindered by clouds as its light danced upon their swords and shields. Vilav's men marched in perfect step so that each time their feet fell upon the ground it was like an earthquake. They marched to a narrow place just to the north of the goblin encampment. It was so close in fact that from the highest points almost the entire goblin camp was visible. 
The goblins lost no time in scrambling for their weapons and arms. Orcs ran about with hammers and maces, pounding the alarms with great strokes. In less than an hour their warriors were making their way uphill toward the army of Cheft Vilav. 
The two forces met with a crash. The goblins came upon them like the crashing of a mighty river against an immovable stone. Their skirmishers were slain ere they could arouse any confusion and the warriors in the Galva vanguard were fully prepared for the coming of the goblins. Shields shattered and swords splintered. The goblins were cast down and driven back, but the Galva army stayed in their place.
Three times this repeated, until it became clear that the goblins would have no success trying to move the Noras. So out came the orcs; they were better armed and much taller. They carried maces and hammers, axes and spears of immense size, the edges of which gleamed like gold in the afternoon sun.
But the army of Vilav pulled back and marched to the north between two great the walls of the mountain into a place called Corhen. Here there was almost a bowl shaped valley with steep ridges all along the north and western sides. On the east there were several lone pinnacles of rock, soaring high above the edge of the valley. On the eastern side was a steep cliff that fell down to jagged rocks and a swift flowing mountain stream.
When they entered Corhen they immediately positioned themselves along the western wall. There were many archers positioned along the ridges above the valley, lying in wait for the goblins. Sion and Daryas had taken their place upon the top of one of the eastern pinnacles, after a somewhat treacherous climb.
'From here we will not easily miss, and we will be invincible from the devices of the goblins,' Sion said.
'Unless the valley is lost,' Daryas said with some worry in his voice. 'Then we will starve atop here or be caught and slain below.'
The goblins took the bait and marched boldly into the valley. 'It is certainly true what they say,' Faros said as he saw them enter, 'These fools have no mind for open war.'
When the goblins entered, with their orc captains at the lead, Faros blew a loud horn from the top of one of the ridges. At that moment Cheft Rahm and Cheft Lonos appeared from a hidden path and marched behind the goblin force, driving them through the pass and into the valley. The goblins that were crowded into the pass became defenseless to the arrows of the Noras who stood above them shooting arrows and hurling spears and stones upon their heads. Those goblins that entered the valley were driven by a wall of shields and spears to the cliffs edge where many hundreds of goblins met their ends. 
From atop their rocky platform, Hassan and Daryas rained down arrows on their foes. They shot with care and wasted no arrows. Fifty goblins at least were slain by each of them. From up there Hassan slew one of the orcs with an arrow that slipped between his breastplate and his helm, piercing his throat. He fell with a heavy thud on the cold stony ground. Upon seeing one of their captains fall, the goblins were seized with fear; many tried to rush out of the valley in a ferocious panic. Now there were goblins trying to enter, driven by the swords and axes of Rahm's men, and there were also many goblins trying to flee from the arrows and the cliffs. The whole force was trapped in the pass without any hope of escape. Many tried to clamber up the steep rock wall, but to no avail. The Noras archers shot them down and they crashed heavily on their fellows, crushing many beneath themselves.

Even the mightiest stone, however, cannot forever withstand the rages of the sea. In time, the mightiest warriors weary and must rest from battle. As the sun began to sink that day things turned once more against the Galva Army. Goblins are masters of the night, and they were now gathering in hordes in the open places in the west and the north, preparing for the descent of the sun.
Unexpectedly an enormous army of goblins descended upon the scene and crashed into Cheft Rahm's men. They were wrathful, and there was, as I said earlier, no semblance of human mercy within them. A spirit of bloodlust seemed to fly through their ranks, whispering in their devilish ears of the spoil and the taste of human flesh. They chomped and bit at the swords that cut them, and raved like madmen across the battlefield. So dreadful was their onset that Faros at once called a retreat. He was too shrewd a strategist to allow the losses of the first battle to be repeated. He had anticipated such an assault, but he was taken quite aback by the ferocity of the goblins warriors.
They gnawed the bones of men still living; they dug their filthy fingers deep into the throats and faces of their prey and carried off with them trophies of tongues, eyes and scalps. With a few blasts of the ram's horn, the Noras were in flight. Those Noras who were within the Corhen valley rushed over the mound of goblin dead and through the pass. They rushed headlong into the fray and drove hard against the fresh goblin troops. But they were weary and they could not withstand them. By nightfall the Noras were in full flight.
As Faros passed Cheft Rahm's forces he shouted out, 'Cheftan of Noras! Flee while there is still life within you.'
But Cheft Rahm responded, 'If we yield our position there will be nothing to turn away the hordes and nothing to stop them from slaying us one and all in the passes. Fly, my lord. We will follow when the army of Galva is safely beyond their grasp in Megd-u-Coran.
Cheftan Rahm Cossirne
At the vanguard of the Noras army, remaining as a last protection against the army of goblins, stood Cheftan Rahm Cossirne along with his nephews Ander Cossirne and Silos Cossirne. They stood fast against the goblins like a mighty oak against a spring zephyr. Can any man number the goblins that lay dead at their feet ere the end? Legends were made on that mountain in that day, and stories that would be retold in Noras for many ages. 
The goblins were driven into a mad rage. They sent many orcs against Rahm and his men, slaying many of them and driving away many others. In the end, all that remained was Cheft Rahm and his nephews, surrounded on all sides by goblins of every shape and size.
'They have been impressed, sons of my beloved sister. They will not touch us,' Rahm said as he lowered his bloodstained axe. His nephews followed suit. Indeed, the goblins did not strike; they now kept about a stone's throw away from the three warriors, but hemmed them in on every side. There would be no escape.
'What will become of us then?' Silos asked.
'They are waiting for a hob-goblin or some orc-hero to challenge us. One by one he will fight us.'
Then I will face him first, uncle,' Ander spoke, 'for I am unafraid.'
'No, brother,' Silos spoke, 'I am elder and I am unharmed, you're hand has been cut badly.'
'Fools,' Rahm said at last, 'Men of courage and honor, blessed am I for knowing such kinsmen, but fools nonetheless. I will face him first. If the gods grant me victory, the goblins may release us. And if it is my fate to die here, then in the very least I will drain from him so much strength that he will fall more easily to you.'
'One last thing,' Rahm said as he checked his armor, set aside his axe and drew his sword, 'No matter what the gods decree, do not anger the goblins by interference. For they will then close in about us with such hatred that there shall not be any bone or tuft of bloodied hair remaining of our corpses.'
No hob-goblin appeared that day. The western edge of the goblin ring parted and a path appeared. Entering the field they saw, to their great surprise, the figure of a man. This was no goblin, for his gait was too refined and his posture too straight. His armor was all black and he wore a cape of crimson that hung down behind him, blowing in the breeze as he walked. Upon his shoulder there perched a large black crow. The goblins carried in piles of wood and lit bonfires to light the darkening mountainside. The evening gray vanished away in a moment and they stood in an orange circle with the horrible silhouettes of goblin warriors dancing upon the mountain walls.
The man approached them swiftly with his blade already drawn. It's edge gleamed like a shooting star in the bright light of the bonfires. The great bird leapt from his shoulder and flew away toward the east. Screeching as it sped away.
'Son of Cossa,' the man said through the faceplate of his helmet. 'You have fought well, worthy of many songs. But here your tales must come to an end. Neither you nor your army will leave this mountain alive. Such is the will of Lady Arie.'
'They may make songs,' Rahm said as he lifted his blade into the air. 'But by Pelas I pray that you at least will never live to hear them.'

Rahm lifted his blade to strike. His sword clashed against the blade of his foe, sending sparks flying in every direction. Cheft Rahm was a master swordsman, but the armored man blocked each blow effortlessly, holding back the fierce warrior's strokes with one hand. After less than a minute he turned swiftly aside and dodged one of Rahm's strikes altogether. He struck the old man in the temple with his elbow and drove his sword deep into his heart.
Silos shouted and sprang from his place, sword held high. Though his blade was sharp and his skill unparalleled, he too met his end by the sword of this strange man.
Ander lowered his blade and sunk to his knees. A stream of tears flowed from his eyes. 'Come for me, and I will end your sorrow also,' the man said in an almost kind voice. Ander raised his blade and furrowed his brow prepared to meet his kinsmen in death. 'Or perhaps you may be of some further use,' the man said coldly and thoughtfully.
In the distance could be heard the howling of wolves.

Chapter V: 
The Usurper of Peiraso
Chastisement
Revere traveled swiftly over the plains of Falnor, which lay between the Falsi River and the Libron. At first he kept off the main road, but as he made his way east toward Daevaron and away from Noras he used less caution and even, at times, walked along the road openly. It had been eighteen days since he had 'warned' Cheft Faros about the Conjurer, and he had spent almost every waking moment of that time on the road, putting as much distance between him and the 'doomed band of fools' as he was able. He was a skillful traveler and he came a long way in a short space of time. He passed through the Bridge Town of Belnan within two days of his interview and was now traveling northeast along the Old Noras Highway which after passing the Libron River and continuing east for some seventy leagues or so turned abruptly toward the north, following the coast of the Great Lake Gaenorin toward the city of Daeva.

When he was young, Revere always dreamed of being in command of an army. But as he grew older he came to discover that he was not gifted with any of those things that make a man a Captain. He felt he was too soft-spoken to shout out orders, and not proficient enough a warrior himself to be responsible for the safety of others. The chief obstacle, however, lay in the fact that the path to the top begins at the bottom. He who would command must first learn to serve; and Revere could never quite content himself with the idea of obedience. He might very well do as someone told him. But that by itself does not constitute obedience. The truly obedient servant must obey even when his own will is set against what must be done. 
Instead of the glory of command he settled for a subtler form of power. Those who are gifted with confidence and skill are always the favorites of the world. The heroes, the gods, the warlords and kings are always accompanied by the thunder of praise and the worship and adulation of fools. Revere detested this. And so he spent every last fragment of his efforts to undermine these sorts of men through riddles and cunning words. It made no difference to him whether they were good men or bad, or whether they deserved their honors or not; the fall of someone who was the beloved of the 'simple', as he called everyone he disliked, was his only true reward.
He had from an early age perfected the art of making a fool out of people. He did this for himself, and seldom for the sake of anyone else. It mattered very little to him whether or not they even realized that he was mocking them, all that mattered is that in his own peculiar way he was able to demonstrate his superiority - or at least the inferiority of the man to the grandeur of his reputation.
Take his conversation with Cheft Faros as an example: It was wholly unimportant to Revere that Cheft Faros or any other soul ever realized that he had in fact made a mockery of the famed Commander. All that was important was that when Revere walked away from the interview he had found some way to convince himself that the 'hero' was an impostor, and all was lost to Noras because this 'blunderer' was too pompous and simple to string together the information his scout had provided him with and come to the realization that the threat they faced was beyond the capabilities of the Galva Army. What would come of the people in the army was not his concern, after all, he had done his part, he thought.
'It would have been more insulting to the famed commander had I spelled out the dangers like a schoolmaster teaches a child.'
The actual consequences of Revere's word games had never really concerned him. Mostly because he very rarely had to witness the distress and dishonor his subtleties caused, but even what mischief he had to observe did not bother him so long as he was able to attribute the trouble to the foolishness of his rivals.
As cruel as it may sound, however, I must confess that I believe that Revere is far from alone in his sad desire to see the ruin of his supposed betters. That is perhaps why it has been said that it is the friend who cheers for your success that is true, and not the friend who mourns your losses. It takes character and humility to be glad in the success and glory of another man, but only natural pity to be sad in their distress. Moreover, in good fortune there is something to be envied; he who can resist this temptation and truly rejoice for a friend - he is the true friend.

By the time Revere came within sight of the Solibree Bridge he had washed from his thoughts completely the dangers facing the Galva Army. He was able to make himself quite impervious to sympathy so long as he was able to attach to these men some appellation of disdain, however trivial it might be. It was enough for him to know that all the young men in the Galva Army were 'blind dogs on the leash of a blind man.' As though each man should be as shrewd as he and have eyes as keen.
His intention was to make his way to Daeva City and live in ease by the lake, at least for a while. Perhaps he would leave that country also; when the winter returns again he could sail to Kollun and then to wherever his fancy carried him. So long as he didn't need to be bothered by these 'Square-headed Norasmen' he would be content.
Revere himself was not of Noras blood, nor of Knarse blood like the Daevaron. His parents had come to Weldera from the dark and infamous city of Lapulia, which lays far to the east, 'On the other side of the world,' it seemed to him. Revere was born and educated in Dadron, but his heart always longed to leave Weldera and cross the seas to his parents' homeland.

The Solibree Bridge was a large stone bridge built by the founders of Dadron. It was meant to carry large quantities of supplies and merchandise from Lake Gaenorin across the Libron River and then on toward Belnan. There were several large villages and settlements built along the River in this region. Enormous farms were fenced off from the road here by crude and crumbling wooden fences. The road itself passed over the Libron in the northern section of the town of Soli, which was built up on both sides of the small lake that formed several leagues south of the bridge. Here Revere would have to stop, for his supplies were beginning to run out. A wise traveler would have filled his sacks in Belnan before setting out for Daeva, but he was in too great a hurry. It was not only the Conjurer and the foolish Cheftan that drove him eastward away from the forest.
Revere was expected to appear at the Council of Noras in Peiraso by the fifteenth day of Leonius at the very latest. Now there lay between he and his employer over a hundred leagues, and he was already three days late.
'Half-pay is sufficient,' Revere thought to himself as he stepped over the old bridge. 'The poor fool should save his gold, for no Council can save his army now. And it will do him no good hear the sorry news from me. He will learn soon enough what little hope he has.'

When he entered the center of town, Revere noticed immediately that there was a considerable number of tall, strong-looking Noras lurking about. 'Nearly twenty, if my eyes can still count,' he whispered under his breath. He skillfully avoided their eyes. Revere was the sort of man who was clever enough to make himself nearly invisible when he wanted to.
He eluded their eyes for some time by passing behind the houses and shops, making his way toward the grocer without drawing any attention. He approached the seller and made his request. He asked for several pounds of dried meat and some fresh loaves of bread and some cheese. As he waited for the grocer to return with his bundle he looked up into the blue skies above him. High above the ground he could see the dark shape of a soaring eagle. Something about the great bird unsettled him.

After he paid for his supplies he slipped around the shop and left the main road. He walked out into open fields of tall grass and made his way north and east, back in the direction of the road.
Suddenly he heard the shrill screech of an eagle over his head. The eagle he saw before was flying very low to the ground and swooped down so close to Revere's head that he was startled for a moment and ducked his head low with a jerk. The eagle rose up into the sky and vanished over the western horizon.
'Do not fear the talons of Maru,' a voice said from somewhere on his left. 'There are mightier talons in Tel Arie than even his. And there are talons with a firmer grip.'
Revere looked around with frustration, but he could see no one. 'Who are you?' Revere demanded. Something about the voice seemed familiar; it seemed to him as though he were hearing the words of a familiar song but with a new melody. 'Do I know you?'
'You are not as clever a scout as they say,' the voice laughed.
'Will you continue making a mockery of me, or will you show yourself. I do not take kindly to ridicule.'
'And I do not take kindly to treachery, Revere,' the voice said. Revere's heart dropped at the sound of his own name. The grass rustled and out stepped a man of Noras. Revere would have thought him to be a Cheftan were it not for his youth. Yet despite his appearance there was something like wisdom in his eyes and in his speech.
'You are a shrewd man to outwit Revere,' Revere said with a bow. 'Now may I have the pleasure of your name? It is not every day that one meets his better.' He clenched his teeth as he spoke.
'I am Dynamis,' he boomed. Revere could scarcely stop himself from shaking with fear. For there was perhaps not a soul in Noras or in Daevaron who had not heard of this Noras hero.
'D-Dynamis?' Revere stammered. The man looked every bit a hero. He was tall enough to be of Knarse blood, but his strong frame was unmistakably Noras. He was dressed all in brown, with a deep green cloak wrapped about his shoulders. For a full minute Revere could say nothing. His tongue was stopped and his heart pounded in his ears, waiting for the hero to speak.
'We have wasted enough time,' Dynamis said at last. 'Shall I kill you here, or shall I drag you on to Peiraso for judgment? That is all there really is to decide.' Revere said nothing but just stepped back. He reached for his dagger but Dynamis swung his sword and knocked it from his hand with such speed and strength that Revere did not even see the blade in motion. Dynamis continued, 'You have shamed your employer, who so kindly rewarded you with half your pay in advance. It has been twelve days since you were expected at Peiraso, and here you are in Soli. What have you to say? Has the master scout, who commended his services to Cheft Biron with so much self-praise, become so lost that he will travel for so many days in the wrong direction before he rights his course?'
Through all of this Revere said nothing, nor could he. He was beaten in his own game and there was nothing left but to endure this ridicule.
'But perhaps I may find some reason to spare you,' Dynamis said thoughtfully. 'Yes, I think there is something that you can do.'
'What does my lord require,' Revere said, forcing good manners.
'The Cheftan's son fights upon the mountain against a foe the army did not expect; that much is correct I assume?'
'Indeed. There is a Conjurer upon those hills, or my word is without worth.'
'Your word is without worth to be sure, though this is true whether there be a Conjurer or not,' Dynamis snapped. 'If you want to save your life, then lead me to the Galva army.'
'But I know not where they are,' Revere said.
'No matter,' Dynamis said as he drew his sword once again. As it left its iron scabbard the metal groaned as though it hungered for blood. 'I am no mean scout myself; I imagine I will have little trouble finding the warriors and their enemies without you.'
'No,' Revere said as he put his hands above his face, 'I will take you, for I know those mountains well. But I cannot promise that you will find anyone still living among the Galva army, if my fears are correct and there is indeed a Conjurer at work.'
'The only fear you seem to know is the thought of your own blood,' Dynamis said with a look of disdain. 'But you will learn to fear more than blood ere I am through with you. And promise nothing; it is only the Master of Causes that can promise without dishonesty or foolishness.'
With these words, and many further insults, Dynamis led Revere to his companions. A horse was prepared and he was given a sword.
'You would give me a sword?' Revere laughed.
'I do not fear your blade,' Dynamis laughed. 'But you should fear to be without it. A hunter's knife will bring you to a swift end on the battlefield.'
Revere looked uneasy. He had been trained to fight, but aside from his exercises he had never actually made use of his abilities.
'Fear not, Revere, stay near us and keep to the back. We will not let you come to harm so long as you are useful to us. But until I judge your debt repaid you will do as I say. I have little patience with deceivers and covenant-breakers.'
The Fall of Peiraso
Maru the eagle had flown the hundred leagues from Soli to Peiraso in one day, stopping only once to fall upon some hapless rabbit in the middle of the night and refresh himself with a well earned meal. He came to the edge of the Noras forest where the trees rose high into the air and guarded the ground from his eyes. These he passed quickly and came to the hill of Peiraso, where Cheft Biron's estate stood. From high above the ground he began circling slowly about, gently descending with every swoop. His keen eyes spotted the window of Cheft Biron and the post on which he would land.
Maru cried loudly as he gently set his talons on the tip of the post and came to the end of his journey. The great bird set about adjusting his feathers and peering warily about the estate. Cheft Biron was not in his room yet, but there was another there to greet him.
'Maru!' Lord Pelas said in a commanding tone. 'Have you done that which I have asked of you?'
Maru looked at him for a moment and then spoke in a clear and bold voice. 'I have flown the coasts of Weldera from north to south and peered through every window in Daevaron, yet I have seen no trace of the one whom you seek.'
'You must not forsake the search, Maru,' Pelas pleaded. 'Fate has decided that he is the only one who can bring justice to the mad Cheftan.'
'Fate has decided?' Maru replied. 'If it is so fated, then you have nothing to fear, the man will appear at the hour appointed to him. Why do you trouble my wings with this request? Are you uncertain of Fate or of your own prophecies?'
'Fate must come, great Maru,' Pelas said, 'But how it will come is not for you to decide. What you must decide is whether you will be the one to bring it about or the one who is swept away by it.'
'Very well,' the great eagle bowed, 'I will continue the search, as soon as I am able. But I serve the god of meat before I serve the god of Falsis! And as long as it is the Cheftan of the Galvahirne that gives me salted meat and other fine foods I will give his commands the preference.'
'You must do as you will. But remember that there are things more important than meat.'
'If there are such things then time and care have erased them from thought and I have altogether forgotten them.'
With those words Pelas vanished and left the eagle alone. Maru once again turned his sharp eyes away from the room to the surrounding estate.
There were a great many people from all over the forest gathered at Peiraso. These people had mainly come from Vivlir-la, Megd-la and Coran-la, where the threat of the goblins seemed the greatest. Cheft Biron had made many efforts to provide shelter and provision for them. Despite Cheft Ponteris' criticism Biron insisted that it would be, 'folly to neglect them. For when danger arises it is not the Cheftans' strength that saves the people. It is the blood of the common man that preserves the Cheftan from his enemies, however clever a Cheftan he may be.'
It was not long before Cheft Biron returned to his room and, seeing the eagle, threw open his window. He fed the great eagle some dried meat, which the bird ate with pleasure. Then he stroked the bird's feathers and praised him, 'Faithful Maru, ever have your ancestors served this household, and I hold you in esteem above all your forefathers.' The bird let out a gentle cry and lifted his talon from the post. Tied to his right ankle was a small leather pouch. Within the pouch Cheft Biron found a letter with the seal of Dynamis.

It was now the nineteenth day of Leonius. The Cheftans had all but departed except for Ponteris and several other important Cheftans. There remained Cheft Daevin and Horan also and Cheft Grendas Cossirne, who was a kinsman of the Lady Marima.
Cheft Biron grew weary of these straggling guests and locked himself away in his chambers for most of the daytime hours and rarely appeared at the evening meals. These he would have brought to him by servants or by his wife. But it was clear that he wished to have no further conversation with the other Cheftans.
His mind was greatly troubled for his son. He had been expecting Revere to bring him news of the goblins by the sixth day of Leonius. His absence made it impossible to persuade the Council of Noras to lend his army any support, as they were permitted to linger in their belief that the goblins upon the mountain were not significant enough of a threat to justify a larger commitment of warriors. They laughed and gave him token words of encouragement, but in his heart he felt certain that something had gone awry. Revere's absence made this feeling even heavier. For if so clever a scout should not escape the perils of the mountain, there must be more than simple hungry raiders at large in the cliffs. And then what would become of his son?
Fear and uncertainty began to take its toll on him and he grew tired and sickly, rarely even leaving his own bedroom. The letter of Dynamis brought his anxiety to a boiling point and he found himself overcome with fear and worry. The letter was written hastily, though with a firm and careful hand. It read:

'To the mighty lord of the sons of Galvahir who rules by right in Peiraso of Galva-la.
'I write this message by the dawn's rosy light on the morning of the eighteenth day of Leonius. The great eagle found me just west of Solibree in Daevaron. I was making haste to return to you, when I received your summons. Now I am of a mind to leave my company behind and rush back to Peiraso faster yet. Maru has found your missing scout some ways to the west of us; we will undoubtedly have him by this afternoon. Clever as he may be, he is no son of Galvahir, and he will not escape our net.
'As for my mission, I must report with a heavy heart that your fears have once more proved true. There is a great mustering of strength in the eastern world, and the old Malvirne city of Dalta is teeming with fighting men. The coasts of Olgrost are now so fortified that it seems only to be a matter of time before they must burst from their shores and seek to plunder other lands. Daevaron is quaking, and the senators of Kollun are wagging their forked tongues in debate. A smell of war is in the eastern air. But we will speak more of this when I arrive.
One last grave piece of news: You cannot trust Cheftan Oastirne. There have been many strange men passing through Daevaron from Olgrost and Kollun. Under the guise of brigands we waylaid some of them and by many means we drew from them the details of their business. More than ten of them were servants of Ponteris, and there were many more that we did not stop or search; for we did not want to draw any more attention to ourselves than was necessary. We have also heard rumors that the Cheftan himself has visited the Eastern continent, though these reports cannot be taken without suspicion.
'I hope to see beautiful Peiraso soon. Until then, may the mighty Master of Causes see fit to bring you honor and health.
'Your faithful servant, Dynamis'

The Cheftan sat for a long while staring at the letters and considering their meaning. 'The shadows which I have feared are all about me now; but now that they are taking shape it is too late for me to stop them.'
He sat there in silence for a long time, Maru went about adjusting his feathers again. The sun passed over the mountains far to the west and night crept over the land.

Lady Marima brought his dinner to him in his own room that evening. Ailai, one of her servants, carried a pitcher of water and a washing bowl, while Lady Marima carried a tray of hot food, still steaming from beneath wooden lids. They entered the room to find the Cheftan slumped over a chair, weeping.
'Stay, Ailai,' Marima whispered as she entered the room.
The Cheftan's room was not overly large, but it was the best room in the house. His bed was in the center of the room, flush against the north wall. It was made of thick logs of dark-stained oak. On every wall there hung the antlers, horns and skins of many different beasts, including the brilliant white fur of a great wolf. 
Lady Marima rushed to his side and helped him to his seat. She wiped his tears with her dress and kissed his forehead. 'The window is open, my lord,' she said softly, 'it is not yet the weather for such things. You will get sick.'
'I care not,' he said. 'I have been betrayed,' he groaned. 'Betrayed and humiliated. The shadow presses upon me, but I have not the wisdom to overcome it. I am not Galvahir, and I scarcely deserve to be called his heir.'
'My lord is being too harsh,' she comforted him, 'Now stop this weeping. I have brought you hot food. Ailai is outside the door. Do you wish her to see the great Cheftan Galvahirne in so sorry a state?'
The Cheftan stood up and walked toward his bed. He sat down on the edge of it and spoke with his head hung low. 'I'm sorry,' he groaned as he cradled his head in his hands. 'I am not myself. It is as though a madness has come upon me.'
'Eat, my lord,' she said, 'You will feel stronger in time, but not if you neglect yourself. You are not an old man yet, and as long as you live there is still hope for our son.'
'You speak well, my love,' Biron said as he lifted his eyes to meet hers. 'Happy was the day that we wed, lady Marima Cossirna!'
They embraced. The Cheftan seemed to regain his strength in an instant and he rose from the bed. 'We have much to do. The scout has betrayed me, to my shame. But Dynamis has found him in Soli of all places. The wretch sought to escape my eyes in Daevaron. But he will not escape the son of Galvahir easily. He will pay dearly for his sins. But first I must see what I can do about the goblins of Coronan. I must see if I can save the Galva army from their doom.'
Lady Marima once more pressed him to eat.
'I cannot eat or drink right now, I must think. I will send Maru back to find Dynamis. Perhaps he can rush to Coronan to help the Galvahirne and their allies in the mountains.' Marima gave him a frustrated look. He laughed and said, 'If you do not wish for the food to spoil, then feed it to the animals.'
With that she kissed his cheek and bowed low. She carried the tray of food out the door and down the hall to her own quarters. 'Ailai,' she called, her servant came hurrying to meet her, 'Come, we will not let this good meal spoil.'
The two ladies passed through the door of her chamber and sat down to sup. There was a hearty soup with onions, potatoes and herbs, a slice of bread with a generous pile of butter heaped upon it, and, under the largest lid, a rather sizable cut of roasted venison. They nibbled at the Cheftan's meal as well as they could, but they were both satisfied long before the it was finished.
Ailai rose from her seat and gathered their scraps and dishes into a pile and placed them back on the tray. With a bow and a smile she turned toward the door, preparing to carry the tray down to the servant's kitchen to be washed. Lady Marima leaned back in her chair and rested. She put her hand to her forehead and sighed.

Maru soared high above Peiraso and catching a powerful gust of wind he rose into the heavens and circled around the estate. He turned his eyes eastward toward the town of Soli where he had left Dynamis. It was now dark and he flew under the light of the stars to the east. But as he flew his sharp eyes beheld something moving beneath the cover of the trees on the eastern edge of Peiraso's border.
The great bird circled around, curiously gazing down. His sharp eyes pierced the shadows below and spied a large host moving about in the darkness below. His eyes were as sharp by moonlight as by sunlight and he saw shields and spears glistening under the trees. He screeched and turned in an instant. His body swirled in the wind and he drew in his wings. Suddenly, with a mighty beat of his powerful wings he pushed against the wind and rushed back toward his post at Cheft Biron's window.
Cheft Biron came quickly, for he did not expect the bird to return for at least another two days. 'What is it friend?' he said softly and warily as he opened the window once more. But the eagle leaped from the post and circled above the eastern edge of the forest crying frantically in a shrill voice.
Below Cheft Biron saw the hordes approaching, no more than two leagues from the walls of Peiraso. 'By Agon!' he cried. 'Maru!' he called loudly, the bird responded immediately. By the time the eagle had landed the Cheftan had already scribbled out a hasty letter and sealed it with his ring. 'To Dynamis!' he ordered, 'Fly, faithful servant of the Galvahirne! May Pelas bless your wings with speed tonight. Fly to Dynamis!'

The unique position of the Galvahirne clans had always been a cause of strife among the Noras. The forest was ruled by the descendants of the Nine Heroes, and there was not supposed to be any one family favored over another. But the fame of Galvahir and the bravery of his sons had elevated them to a position of respect and authority that was not rivaled by any other clan.
There were those within the forest who grew envious and hateful of the Galvahirne; Cheft Ponteris being, secretly, the chief of these. Despite his polite demeanor he was full of bitterness and hatred for the Galvahirne and all those who held them in high regard. In particular he abhorred Cheft Biron, who seemed to him to have, 'fortune in measure above what any mortal deserved'. 
Now as the moon rose to its height the treacherous Cheftan made his way through the halls of Peiraso. He knew them very well now, as he had spent the better part of the past month acquainting himself with every corner and passage. In his sweaty hand he held a vial, half-filled with poison.
'Biron will be dead by now,' he said to himself as he passed by the Cheftan's door. 'I have taken your home,' he said to the door, as though he spoke to the Cheftan himself. 'My men will be here within the hour to despoil your precious Peiraso. But they will not have to face your wrath. I have learned much from you, friend, and I know the methods of your cooks and your servants. It is a little thing,' Ponteris said, 'to put a bit of poison on a roast or in a bowl of soup. So much for strength of arms!' he laughed loudly.
At that moment he heard from outside the sound of a great eagle screeching. For some reason this sound seemed to freeze his blood and for a moment his haughtiness left him. 'No time for boasts,' he said to himself. 'The great Cheftan is dead, his son soon to perish among the cold rocks of Coronan. Now I have but one last insult to pay to you, son of Galvahir.' 
With those words he turned from the door and walked swiftly but nervously toward the chamber of Lady Marima. 'I have learned this house well,' he whispered, 'But you, lady of Peiraso, have I watched most closely of all.'
He opened the door quickly and shut it behind him. His heart pounded within him nervously and with pangs of both desire and of fear. But as he surveyed the room his heart turned to stone within his chest. For a brief moment he feared he would die of fright. For on the ground at his feet lay the servant girl Ailai with the scraps and dishes of Cheftan Biron's meal scattered about. Beyond her was the Lady Marima, laying still on the ground near the table at which they had dined.
His heart thumped loudly in his own ears as he frantically looked around and paced, as though there was something he might find that could change what had already been done.
'Biron yet breathes!' he said in a broken voice. 'Biron yet breathes!' he rushed from the room and ran down the hall like a frightened hare.

Cheftan Biron had not wasted a moment. Before Ponteris had passed by his chamber, Biron had already made his way out of the house through a secret door (one that Ponteris' snooping had not yet discovered). He rushed out to the peasants and other refugees who had gathered on the lawn of his estate.
'Cheftan!' they hailed him, 'Why such haste?'
'Fly! Fly this moment, for Peiraso is betrayed!' he seemed to them almost mad, but none of them doubted him. 'There is a force of great number marching as we speak from the eastern woods. They come from Lavri-la I have no doubt and they mean to trample into powder all those who are faithful to the house of Galvahir.'
'Where will we go if Peiraso is no haven?' an older man asked. His name was Redwin, and he was of the Coranlirne. 'You have ever been the last hope of Noras.'
'There is no hope in Noras now,' Biron said grimly, 'Fly to Dadron, for they are faithful to my house. Take this, and lead these people on swiftly.' Biron handed Redwin a wooden staff, carved with many runes and set on the top with a brilliant green gem. 'This is the staff of Hiron, my father, show this to the Captain of Dadron and he will give you what help you need.'
'I will lead these people then, if you cannot join us,' Redwin said as he took the staff.
'I cannot abandon the lady Marima,' he said, 'for she is still in the house and I had not the time to fetch her or the servants. But take these blessed people and hurry to Dadron's gates, I send my guard with you and my prayers.'
'Pelas bless you Cheftan,' Redwin said as the two parted. From the western side of Peiraso rode twenty young men in full armor on warhorses. Their chief was named Olver Galvahirne, he was the last kinsman of Cheft Biron, and the heir of Peiraso should the sons of Biron be lost. He was the only son of Biron's sister, and one of the last few Galvahirne who could trace his ancestry back to Galvahir himself. He was tall, like Biron, but not as broad-shouldered. He wore a dark green cloak beneath which gleamed a longsword. Across his back was slung a short javelin.
'Faithful Olver,' Biron said with tears in his eyes as he bid his kinsman farewell. 'I pray that I may see your face again ere my eyes rest in death. You are brave and strong, guard these people and bring them to the gates of Dadron and see to their safety on the road. For the enemies of Galvahir are wandering these woods like jackals and they will not take ransom from these poor souls.'
'I will not fail you uncle,' Olver said. There was a great commotion among the peasants and the people slipped out and rushed into the southern forest under the leadership of Redwin and under the protection of Olver.

Biron rushed back into the house and made his way through the halls toward his chamber. He found his door still shut fast. He turned to go to his wife's chamber and as he ran he met Ponteris fleeing in the opposite direction.
Ponteris stopped in his tracks and his face went pale.
'Your mortal fear betrays you, Cheftan!' Biron said with murder in his voice. 'Where is the lady Marima!' his voice rang through the hall.
'See for yourself,' Ponteris said as he slowly stepped backward.
Biron followed him to the door of her chamber and the two men entered. There he saw the servant girl and his beloved wife laying still and pale on the floor. 'Poisoner!' he thundered and he lifted Ponteris from the ground by his throat. Ponteris gasped and kicked at the mighty lord of the Galvahirne, but he could not so much as bend his fingers.
Just then there came a moan from Marima. Biron dropped Ponteris to the ground where he lay sputtering and gasping, holding his throat. Biron rushed to his wife's side. 'She lives still.' He lifted her from the ground and carried her to her bed.

Cheft Horan and Cheft Gornas made their way swiftly up the stairs when they heard Ponteris fall to the ground. They peered in through the doorway for a moment and then entered.
'What a mess you have caused, Cheft Ponteris,' they complained when they saw the servant girl laying there dead. 'Your appetite has got the best of you once more,' Horan said.
'What is the meaning of this?' Biron insisted.
'It is as you said,' Ponteris said in a hoarse voice. 'You said that one "cannot know whom the gods will make noble; or whom the gods will choose to sit upon a throne and rule over their peers". The Galvahirne have lorded it over the other clans of Noras for too long. And the gods have spoken against you and decreed an end to your blood-born nobility. The arm of Galvahir is broken. In the first battle with the goblins, our scouts tell us, the army of Faros has lost over a thousand men. Our last reports tell us that Cheft Rahm has fallen, along with his two nephews. Tell me, Cheft Biron, is your son more valiant than these? The army is lost and with it the power of the Galvahirne. It is now time for the other clans to rise to their god-ordained seats and to punish the house of Galvahir.'
'Madness!' Biron shouted. He drew his blade from its sheath.
Cheft Horan interrupted him, 'Cheft Biron, we do not doubt your strength. But do not waste it here. For if we are slain, there will be nothing to stop our comrades from taking your wife from Peiraso and doing with her whatever they wish. Making her a thrall or a servant, or perhaps worse. But if you lay down your blade here we will swear by the gods that she will not be touched, so long as we have life in our blood.'
The Cheftan hesitantly lowered his blade and laid it on the floor at their feet. 'Your word is worth little,' he said, 'and your oaths even less. But the word of frightened liars is perhaps better than the appetites of emboldened devils. You know well that I could end all three of your scheming lives right here and now.' There was such a fire in his eyes as he spoke that they could not bear to look at him long, nor did they doubt the truth of his threat.

Soon Peiraso was overrun by the slobbering hirelings of Cheft Ponteris. They were mostly golden haired Knarsemen from Titalo, though a few of them were of Noras blood. Cheft Biron was locked away in a cellar and placed under the watchful eyes of ten armed men. 'I will consider this mighty guard the highest compliment the foul Cheft Ponteris has ever paid to a mortal man,' Biron said as they shut the door to his cell. There he sat for many long days, hoping and fearing in the darkness.

Cheft Gornas and Cheft Horan were furious with their co-conspirator. 'You are a fool Ponteris! Haven't you enough mistresses in your own decrepit house, that you would risk everything we have worked so long for?'
'Shut your mouths,' Ponteris hollered at them, 'If it weren't for all of my efforts, you would still be cowering in your cold halls and bowing low to the Galvahirne's master. Were it not for happenstance, however, Biron would be dead and there would be nothing for you two to criticize.'
'Nay, fool,' Gornas said. 'We told you plainly and warned you both in our letters and again in person: Touch not the lord of the Galvahir until his sons lie dead. We have heard good reports from the mountains, but we do not yet know the fate of young Daryas, whether he is living or dead. And what of Olver, his nephew? He was here until this very night, and you have let him slip through your fingers.'
'You speak hastily,' Ponteris said calmly. 'You do not know the kind of guarantee I have been given for our victory. The army of Galva will fall in Coronan. This I swear by the gods of heaven. Pelas slay me, and Agon bind my soul in flame if the sons of Biron do not lay dead ere the end of this trial. Is that not sufficient assurance for your troubled minds? And when the sons' blood runs cold, so shall the father's.'
'And then I suppose you will slay the mother also?' Horan said with a look of disgust in his eyes.
'I have other plans for her,' Ponteris smiled. 'I have a great many plans for the house of Peiraso, my friends.'
'This is not what we have discussed for all these long years,' the men complained.
'You knew very well what it would take to dethrone the lord of the Galvahirne, but if you want to reap the harvest you have to put your plough through the dirt. Can you do that without getting a little filth here and there?'

Chapter VI: 
The Folly of Cheft Faros
My Own Reluctance
I must confess that I would prefer to pass over the writing of this chapter altogether. There is no hope, as far as I can tell, of restoring the reputation of Cheftan Faros. In the years that followed his doomed campaign his name became a byword throughout Weldera, and even historians have said little more about him than that he fell in battle as a result of his own folly. There have been several well-known men who have suffered great loss to their own reputations because they were willing to speak the shameful truth about his sad end. The Noras are a proud race, and they do not own up to their bad fruit gladly. Were it my intention to save my own name from suffering dishonor on Cheft Faros' account, my natural instinct would have me gloss over his final battle with only a brief mention of his death and then follow that with a eulogy of the heroes that died on that very same day. Or I can do what others have done and revile him unfairly as a traitor or an accomplice. 
As it stands, there have already been several histories written of the Welderan Wars, so that the 'Folly of Cheft Faros' has been made into a household term. But while many revile him there are very few who can say what his infamous 'Folly' was. But his error was born of reasoning, which is the occupation of all men, whether they carry a sword or a stack of dusty scrolls. And as such it may be worth noting wherein he made his dreadful mistake.
Were there some great danger that threatened the life and honor of a carpenter or a hunter, I imagine a good carpenter and the good hunter would deem it necessary to discover that danger and take whatever precautions are appropriate to avoid a like disaster. And if the embarrassing tale of Cheft Faros can teach us of some peril that lies in careless reasoning, then we had better learn that lesson so that we can avoid it ourselves.
Knowledge may often lead us to an awareness of danger, but there is no danger in the knowledge itself. It often happens, however, that ignorance turns out to be more deadly than the danger of which we are unaware. A man who is ill-informed may act in ways that can worsen his peril, but a doomed man is no more doomed for the knowing.
Whether it is wanted or not, and whether I lose all the respect of my peers, I will attempt to lay out plainly for my readers the foundation of Faros' Folly. If by giving this warning I can spare someone even a little confusion or inconvenience I will have done well. But it is not only about unimportant matters that we can be confused or misled by simple misjudgments. As I will show, it is also in grave matters that Lord Folly, brother of Death, has his hand.
A 'Tithem' and a 'Tithem'
In the dark days prior to the coming of Galvahir, there was an annual sacrifice required of the Noras. The devil-god Agon demanded a sacrifice of thirty strong men. The word the Noras used to describe this terrible duty was 'Tithem', and in time the word became a common word for a curse or a burdensome fate.
A man afflicted with illness might say that it was his 'Tithem' to suffer. Or that the gods decreed this 'Tithem' against such and such a race of wicked people. According to the histories of the Noras, the devil-god Agon was condemned to an 'Eternal Tithem' when he was finally driven from Noras by his brother Pelas. But properly speaking the word kept with it through all the years the idea of being slain or wounded as a sacrifice for the sake of the pleasure of the gods.
Many years later the word came to Daevaron. Here it was adapted by the people to literally represent physical burden. They took it not to mean a burdensome fate, but rather a bundle or pack which a man carries over his shoulders or lays across the back of a mule or an ox. This change in meaning was the ground in which the seeds of Cheft Faros' folly were germinated.
Cheft Faros was the only son of a Noras Cheftan and Dadron Lady of high standing. He was educated in the Dadron academies, where he excelled in every art and in every science. This quickly gained him the attention of the Cheftans of Noras. Cheft Ponteris and Cheft Biron in particular were very eager to see him in command of the Galva army. 
He was, as I just said, educated in Dadron. And among the Daevaron scholars he was introduced to the journals of Lord Alande si-Titalo, the great warrior who defeated the Eastern Noras so many years ago and drove them out of Daevaron.
Cheft Faros was quite fond of these journals, for Lord Alande was an unparalleled strategist. He studied Lord Alande's words more than any other book, and even had portions of his works transcribed and bound together into a single volume. This book he kept with him at all times, locked away in a small chest with several other precious things.
In Lord Alande's journal, in a portion written just prior to his final campaign, after which he became Lord of all Falsis - save for Almighty Dadron of course - he wrote:

'When darkest seems the hour, brightest shines forth the stars. How they shine down from the firmament above us! Illuminating our councils and giving wisdom to the minds of men and gods. Blessed astral lords, guide your servants to victory!
'Hard-pressed were we to take the fields of Daevaron, many fortresses of the Noras were scattered about the hills and fields. They passed news also, from one to the other by pigeons and hawks, so it was impossible for us to come against a city unawares. 
'To Pelas, god of Noras we must offer a sacrifice! We will be put to the test hereto. So let a hundred men bear the tithem of a thousand. We will feast on the fruit of their land this very harvest!'

Cheft Faros read the word Tithem in the Noras way, as he had been raised to do. But it was clearly meant, in the text of Lord Alande's journal, in the way of the Dadron scholars who translated his work.
More literally, his meaning would have been something like this. 'Let us petition Pelas, the god of the Noras, with a sacrifice. We will be put to the test from here on, so let every warrior bear the 'burden' of ten men. Then we shall certainly see victory and consume the bounty of the Noras.'
In Faros' madness he read this passage to mean that every tenth man must be made a sacrifice to the god of the Noras. This one little word and its two-fold meaning was the foundation on which all the madness of his final battle rested. This seemingly little ambiguity was the Folly of Cheft Faros. Others have seen this as too foolish an explanation and conclude that Cheftan Faros must have been a servant of darkness or a devil of some kind. But I do not think there is any merit to those opinions. As we will see in another place, there were other things that may have helped the mad Cheftan along on his journey to doom and insanity.
But if there are any who deem this explanation to be too fabulous to be credited, I must appeal to common experience as an arbiter.
Is not every petty quibble of the married couple founded upon such ambiguities? The husband deems his wife to be angry because of the tone of her voice. They quarrel, he insisting upon her rudeness, she insisting upon his madness. In the end, when their tempers have cooled and they look upon their tiff with sober reason, they laugh to think how silly it was to make so much over such a trivial thing.
Trivial it may be, but the ambiguity of our words, and even of our very facial expressions, can create endless potential for confusion. Why should we doubt but that these ambiguities can cause greater strife and mischief? It would be quite outside the scope of this work to recount the role of ambiguity in history and war, but a single example should, in this matter, be sufficient to enlighten us of the dangers of carelessness in words.
Many hundreds of years ago, there were three princes in the western regions  of Weldera, beyond the Coronis Mountains. Their father perished in battle and the crown naturally passed to one of his sons. The youngest of these princes, Tynos, declared upon hearing the news of his father's death that 'my beloved brother' must then be crowned without delay.
His attendants, knowing his fondness for the second son of his father, assumed he meant not the eldest and true heir. Word came to the eldest prince, who in his great wrath sent troops to slay his own siblings upon the accusation of treachery. A war erupted. In the end, Tynos, unwillingly, came to the throne, his two brothers lying dead upon the battlefield. The attendants were executed and from that day forth the term 'beloved' was only used in that realm to denote the legitimate heir to the throne. Have a care with your words!
The Folly of Cheftan Faros
The flight from Corhen left the Galva army saddened and discouraged. Cheft Rahm's bravery had saved many, but it made their losses no easier to bear. 
There was an uncanny silence in the camp, even the wounded were silent, despite their many injuries. A dark cloud overshadowed the mountain, as though the gods themselves were against them. Within a few hours tiny pebbles of ice began to fall and the wind became strong. The month of Leonius was all but spent, yet Winter refused to relent.
Sion and Daryas had managed to escape their rocky platform just before the valley of Corhen was overrun. They did not come through the pass, however. Daryas found, at the bottom of the steep rock wall they had climbed, a small and treacherous path leading down toward the bottom of the cliff. They found there a rushing mountain stream, just small enough to be traversed with a good leap. From there they made their way back toward the camp by a different path.
At this point one might have supposed that the warriors of the Galva army could not be discouraged any further. But it was when they thought their hearts could sink no lower that Ander, the nephew of Cheft Rahm returned to the camp.
It took some time for the watchmen to realize that it was him. He wandered out of the darkness of the night and fell on his face in the snow. The watchmen carried him to a tent and layed him on a mat. His eyes had been gouged out and there were streaks of dried blood across his face. He opened his mouth as if to speak, yet he could do no more than mumble, for his tongue had been severed. This cruelty was not the end of his injuries, however. His fingers had been burnt with fire until there was nothing left but charred stumps on each hand. His hair had been carelessly shaved, scarring his head terribly.
On Cheft Faros' orders, the watchmen kept his return a secret, insofar as they were capable. But word slipped out and soon every tent was filled with the stories of his sorry mutilation. A spirit of rumor overcame the army and soon they were given over into the hands of panic. Slowly but surely, the sound of wailing and mourning began to rise from the tents and watchfires of the Galva army. It was clear now to wise and foolish alike that these goblins were under the control of a mighty Conjurer. For goblins will gouge the eyes and torture their foes with delight, but they do not willingly release them. They are cruel and cunning, but their fell imaginations would not conceive of any purpose in releasing a captive. Such a blow to the morale and hopes of the Galva army was the work of a rational mind; it was the work of a strategist.
Cheftan Vilav advised Faros to flee the mountain altogether. 'We can muster all of Noras to the vanguard,' he explained. 'If we gather the whole army of the Nine Clans we can make such a wall that will turn back every goblin. Let them have the accursed mountain, for whether we fight or not, it will fall into their hands.'
But Cheft Lonos accused him of cowardice, 'Suppose Cheftan Rahm were still here, do you suppose he would flee for his life, when honor and the praise of the gods was within his grasp? The gods forbid such a thing! Had he been of the same mind as Cheft Vilav he would have abandoned us in the valley of Corhen. But he chose honor over life and there lies upon sacred ground; his blood the ransom for the lives of many young Noras warriors.
'We owe our kinsmen in the forest the same. For if we turn from the fight, and give them the mountain today, what will stop us from giving them the lands of Coran-la and Megd-la tomorrow? Then where will we hold their hordes back? We will be driven beyond the Libron to become thralls and refugees among the golden-heads of Daevaron. And what will become of our blessed forest, the last haven of the Noras? It will become a goblin kingdom, like the foul jungle of Zyprion, which lies beyond the wasted plains of Amlaman. It will fester and reek with the foul stench of hob-goblins and orcs.'
With many like words he persuaded Cheft Faros to maintain their position and continue the hopeless battle. 'It may be that the gods will smile on us yet,' Lonos encouraged him. 'And then we shall be like gods among the men of Noras. We must petition Pelas, for the ancients say that he has saved Noras before.'
I can say no more of the thoughts of Cheft Faros at this point, for they became increasingly darkened and incomprehensible. Whether it was by devilish wickedness or by mad foolishness, the outcome of his plan was the same.

Ten days after the battle at Corhen, on the morning of the last day of Leonius, Cheft Faros ordered his men to march. He had three hundred and sixty chosen warriors march in front of the rest of the army. These were the ill-fated men who were chosen to 'bear the Tithem' of ten other men. They were told to strip off their heavy armor and to carry only light weapons and to march about half a league in front of the rest of the army. That he intended to offer then as a sacrifice never would have occurred to them in their darkest imaginations.
For this battle Faros left very few warriors in the camp, save for those who were too badly wounded to march. Every spare sword, every shield and every spear was brought along. 'This is our last march,' he assured his men. 'And with the help of mighty Pelas we will drive these creatures to the pits of hell.'
Cheft Vilav was sent with the vanguard to lead the unlucky warriors. 'It is to my death that I march,' he thought as he walked. 'Faros has gone raving; but I will not forsake my fellows. From this day forth let him be known as the Cheftan of Folly, and not a man of Noras.'
The Galva vanguard marched forth, the goblins were roused and a great battle began. It fell out like this:

By the tenth hour of the day Faros' Tithem had drawn the goblins from their camp onto a flatter field several leagues to the south. Here the great battle began. 
This helpless troop was swiftly overcome. The sorry warriors looked back toward their companions in vain, for it was not Cheft Faros' intention to come to their aid. Their hearts dropped and they were slain every one of them; they had been abandoned. Cheft Vilav was the last man remaining, and he fought valiantly. He slew both orc and goblin with ease and ran about swinging his sword with a passion born of hopeless courage. But in the end, as is the way with all mortals, he grew weary. Seeing his end he thrust his sword into the ground and stood tall and proud before the oncoming goblins. Thus he met an end worthy of songs.
'Now that we have petitioned Pelas, we have no more to fear,' Faros said madly. The hearts of his soldiers melted. But he blew a ram's horn and signaled them to charge. 'On my comrades!' he shouted. 'We shall rest on the corpses of our foes by the day's end. This I swear by the sword of Pelas!'
Cheft Lonos silently slipped back as the army marched forward. He slowed nearly to a stop and let the waves of warriors pass him by. 
'Noras does not belong to Galvahir alone,' he said quietly as he made his way out of the battle. 'And never again will it be lorded over by the master of Peiraso. Here on this mountain your arm is broken at last.'
The sky grew darker even as the Galva army charged. The ice turned to freezing rain and fell down upon the mountainside in sheets. 
Faros rode his horse forward to the front of his men and charged like a madman toward the enemy. An orc felled his horse with an arrow and the Cheftan fell to the ground, his armor clanging against the rocks. He rose to his feet swiftly, but the orc was already upon him. He did not have time to draw his sword and with a single stroke the orc shattered his skull with a mace. Thus ended his madness, but not its sad train of effects.

Swagar Prostirne fell with his seven sons after all their poison arrows were spent. His beautiful ivory bow was shattered among the rocks or perhaps carried off by some petty goblin, its like never to be seen again among the Noras. Pater Borirne and his men were slain also. Pater charged about from one end of the field to another, slaying may hundreds of goblins in his wake. But one by one his young men fell and then last of all he stood surrounded by a horde of vengeful petty goblins and thus met his end.
Tiltos, the son of the High Priest was slain also, along with his men. Their axes hewed many orcs ere fatigue betrayed them.  In the end their wooden shields lay splintered and broken on the frozen earth. Gergius Gergirne and his son fell there too, slain together by a mighty orc. 
Many others fell in that day, too many to be named. Many of the sons of Clinlor and Mallor, along with some of the companions of Daryas and Sion perished. The sorrow of the Noras became a river of grief and their cries and groans echoed down the mountainside.
The army continued to fight throughout the afternoon and into twilight. The wind began to howl so loudly and wildly that it nearly drowned out the noise of the goblins and the muffled screams of fallen warriors altogether. Night rushed on and the Noras lost all hope.

Sion proved his reputation true that day. He led Daryas and a group of fifty other men of Noras to a high ridge on the southern edge of the battlefield. To their backs lay a huge gap and the sides of the ridge were too steep to climb. The only way to reach their position was a small and narrow path that led up from the south-eastern edge of the battlefield. From upon the ridge, Sion, Daryas and their comrades unleashed volley after volley of arrows until every shot was spent.
But the goblin ranks were unbreakable. They still marched on, undaunted by the valor of Noras' finest warriors. Many Noras turned and fled away down the hill toward their camp. But the goblins had already surrounded them and they were slain quicker than those that remained behind to fight.
Sion called the men with a loud voice to gather around the ridge from which he fought. From here they had an advantage in combat, though still there was no hope of victory. 'Come Noras!' Sion cried aloud. 'Whether we live or die, let us make sure we do not pass on unremembered. For even if our names and our deeds be forgotten among our own kin, we will put up such a fight here that our names will be remembered among our foes for as long as the world endures.' With many like words he gave courage to the men and they held their ground fast. For a while the goblins could go no further and their bodies piled up in mounds around the ridge. Thus the battle halted for the dark hours of the night, the orcs and goblins not daring to pass the mound of corpses, and the Noras having no means of retreat.

The two brothers of Old Man Sleep stood on the outskirts of the battlefield. There was Folly, who wore a white robe, stitched together with golden thread, and beside him was Death, with his black hood covering his eyes and his fatal blade drawn.
'I have done my part,' Folly said in a chuckle. 'The mad Cheftan is dead. And now it is time for you to do your grim work.'
Death answered nothing. He lifted his blade in front of his face and walked toward the battlefield with a half smile on his pale lips and cold wisps of air passing from his nostrils.

Chapter VII: 
The Conjurers' Duel
The Island
The goblins were not slack during the night. They spent the dark hours prowling about the mounds, looking for spoils and weapons. But as long as the moon was hidden they would not so much as set foot over the top of the piles.
The Noras set watchfires and worked to pile stones and fallen goblins into battlements. At Daryas' insistence, Sion rested for a few hours. But when there was about four hours of darkness remaining Sion awoke and bid his friend take the rest of the night. This Daryas agreed to reluctantly. 'My nights are little comfort to me lately.'
Nevertheless he gave in to the wisdom of his friend and shut his eyes with his back to a large flat stone. He meant only to rest, and not sleep. But the Old Man's hand proved too heavy once more and he was soon deep in a dream.
'If he has more dreams the like of which he has been having, he will surely fall into the hands of my brother Folly, who made such a dreadful mess of things today,' Old Man Sleep said to Mityai as she once more cradled the Galvahirne's head in her arms. 'I fear your songs avail you little against these devils. It would be good if you could drive them away altogether.'
'But how?' Mityai said desperately as she saw them come creeping from every dark and shadowy place. They were ugly spirits, dark and small, with no eyes and no hearts. They quickly took hold of Daryas' mind and dragged him into an ugly dream. Mityai flew into a rage and grabbed and tore at them with her invisible hands. She sent many of them scurrying back into the darkness of the night, but there were yet some that would not relent until they had troubled the young man's thoughts. 

At first, Daryas found himself walking through a goblin camp, looking into the dead faces of those Noras warriors who had perished. Among their bodies were also many goblins and orcs. It struck him, seeing them dead, how similar goblins and men truly are. 'To look on their corpses', he thought, 'you couldn't tell which was the rational creature and which was the brute. And of course, the dead do not reason'. These dark thoughts troubled him and he walked on, seemingly for many hours.
Beyond this macabre scene, Daryas came to the bottom of Mount Coronis. It loomed large above him, so much larger than it was to his waking eyes that he at once realized that he was dreaming. But he refused to wake; not now when he was finally free from his usual nightmares, not to mention free from the living nightmare of the battlefield in which he now lay with little hope of survival. If only for a few hours, his mind was free to consider other things.
He climbed ever upward toward the top of the mountain; he felt as though he was climbing the sky itself. Precisely why he was climbing he could not say. As he approached the peak the sun sank below the western side of Mount Coronis and crowned it with golden beams of light. As beautiful as this sight was, Daryas couldn't quite enjoy it. His mind was troubled by something; something that he had forgotten. In all this light he felt as though darkness itself would be forever dissolved. But then he looked down behind himself and he saw his own shadow. It was black as coal and stretched out far and wide, seeming to smother all of Falsis in its darkness.
Here at the top of the mountain every step became more difficult for him than the last. And the closer he came to the light, the darker and more terrifying his shadow became. Overwhelmed by the darkness of his own shadow he lost his grip on the rock and his foot slipped. 
Normally such a sensation would have roused him from even the deepest slumber, but for some reason his dream refused to yield its dominion. 

In the waking world, Mityai gave a great tug and rent the last of the dark spirits from Daryas' mind. The spirit turned toward her and hissed as it rolled on the ground. It stopped its writhing and rose into the form of a man, cloaked in darkness.
'Foolish djinn,' the spirit said. 'You have set yourself against the Lord of Falsis, for he it was who sent us dark spirits to trouble this foolish lad's dreams.'
Mityai's voice trembled, 'He'll die if he can't rest without you devils crawling about!'
'His death is not a concern, only the prayer of the Siren is important. For she begged the aid of lord Pelas, and it was in the heart of Lord Pelas to answer her. The boy must dream these dreams. Whether he lives or dies I care not. Neither does Lord Pelas.'
'That isn't true!' Mityai shouted, her voice growing angry. 'Lord Pelas is a god of mercy and kindness. He loves the Galvahirne, and he would be angry with you for tormenting this child so horribly!'
The dark spirit laughed, 'You really don't remember, do you?'
'Remember what?' Mityai asked.
'Of course not,' the spirit said solemnly, 'you would have been a mere babe when it all happened.'
'When what happened?'
'If you do not remember, I am not going to be the one to bring sorrow upon your fair head. But Lord Pelas is god of all Falsis, and he needs no help from the Galvahirne to be so. You say that he loves the Galvahirne. But does he love them for naught? He loves them because they serve him. That is, he loves them because they are useful to him. And that is what this young man is doing right now, whether he is aware of it or not; he is serving Lord Pelas. But it is not always in life and honor that Lord Pelas shows his 'love' for his servants. Sometimes they will be tormented and slain. So long as they are useful, they will remain his beloved. I am not one of the wise, but I would guess it is the same with you.'
Mityai was speechless for some time, the words of Lord Pelas came rushing back to her mind, "It is your swift feet and your keen eyes that made you desireable." Her heart sunk and she could neither move nor think. 
The dark spirit sighed. 'Let me pass once more and I will be gentler with the boy. But do not forget, Lord Pelas has vowed to fulfill the request of the Siren, and he will do what he must to this man until his word is fulfilled.'
The spirit turned again toward Daryas and entered into his dream. Mityai threw herself to the ground and covered her eyes. Much to the spirit's surprise, however, he was suddenly powerless to affect the young man's visions.

Daryas found himself on the shore of a great sea. How he had come to leave the mountain and arrive here he could not recall. But there he stood on a beach of white sand with his uncovered feet in the water. Not only were his boots missing, but his whole military attire was removed. He wore just a loose pair of Noras trousers and a white tunic with frayed edges, as though they had been torn by a beast. The water was calm and the waves gently rolled over the beach, resting for just a moment on the sand before sliding back into the ocean.
He looked out over the water. The sun was sinking down over the horizon, from which he discerned that he was looking into the west. 'Is this what lies on the far side of Weldera, where only pirates and hermits make their homes?' he asked himself.
For what seemed like an eternity he just watched the waves ebb and flow; every one of them different from the last and every one of them never to return as long as the world endures.
Suddenly he became aware of an island. It lay off the coast of the mainland to the northwest. As he focused his eyes on this place it seemed to move closer to him. He suddenly realized that he was, in fact, on a boat now, approaching the island from the south. 
There was a small mountain on the center of the island and from where he sat he could see that it was covered with green trees. The closer he came to the island, the more wonderful it seemed. He could make out a stream of clear water flowing from the top of the mountain down into a pool or a lake. There were several kinds of fruit trees on the island, the like of which he had never seen in Falsis. 
A veritable paradise it seemed, but he could not find a place to land his boat. The waters around the island were rough and treacherous. Had he been in a larger boat he would have run aground long ago. But even in his smaller craft there was little hope of finding a place to land on the island. Whether it was a steep cliffside or a razor sharp reef, he found no way to approach this blessed place.
But long before he could think of any plan to land his boat safely, he hit a rock and he was plunged into the icy waters. He awoke abruptly and the shadowy spirit fled from his waking eyes. Mityai still lay in lonely sorrow and confusion upon the ground, but no one could see her nor comfort her.
When he opened his eyes he saw Sion, leaning against a great stone.
'Another nightmare?' he asked calmly.
'No, not a nightmare; a dream - a dream in the proper sense of the word. I saw an island, a beautiful island off the western shore of Weldera. But ere I reached it my boat was dashed to pieces upon the rocks.'
'There is such an island,' Sion said, trying to conceal his surprise. 'The Knarsemen of Titalo know of such a place; but no man has ever set foot thereon.'
'I do not know whether to take comfort in this or not,' Daryas said as he rose from the ground and prepared himself once more for battle.
'Nor do I,' Sion replied.
The Conjurers Appear
The morning light brought fresh perils. The sun appeared and the clouds fled away, but their spirits did not rise too high. For the goblin army had refreshed its troops with many strong and rested warriors. Orcs and goblins alike now marched toward the mounds with undaunted fury. They stepped over their fallen companions without a care, crushing their bones under their stomping feet. They fell upon the defenses of the Noras with a great shout. 
They scattered the Noras warriors at the eastern edge of the field and then began making their way up the ridge toward Daryas and Sion. The last group of Noras warriors was now crowded into this narrow strip of earth. They did not yield their ground willingly. Every single step of the goblins was paid for with the blood of a dozen.
'This is the hour,' Daryas said with a sudden resolve, 'for the sons of the Cheftans to prove themselves.'
'Let's drive these devils off our mountain,' Sion responded as he tossed aside his bow and empty quiver. 'Our arrows are spent; it is time for blades and blood.'
The two charged to the front of the Noras ranks and leaped into the goblin army. They cut and stabbed with their knives until they had slain twenty goblins and three orcs.
Looking around swiftly, Daryas put aside his knife and took the sword of one of the orc warriors. Then the two pressed on, driving the goblins either off the edge of the ridge into the rocks below, or backwards, toppling over their fellows.
Their deeds encouraged the other Noras, who now rose up in unison to drive them off the ridge. They made as if to say, 'Not but by the death of ten-thousand goblins shall the enemies of Noras have the victory.'

But suddenly silence fell over the goblins and they fell back a little ways and for a while they left the ridge alone. In the distance under the light of the failing sun there strode among the goblins a dark and tall figure of a man. Black armor he bore and a cape of crimson hung about his shoulders. His blade was drawn and his visor was pulled down over his face.
'The Conjurer appears' Daryas whispered.
The goblins roared with a sudden burst of shrill cries. They followed this with a deep groan that seemed to shake the very mountain. They stomped and they shouted, shrill again and then deep. They continued in this way until they had formed an eerie rhythm of shouts and stomps. The Noras warriors began to quiver in their places. The noise of the goblins grew louder and louder until it seemed to ring in their ears. After this dreadful clamor had gone on for what seemed like an eternity, the armored man lifted his blade in the air and spoke, and as he spoke it seemed like his voice boomed like an earthquake.
'Brave fools, you have fought long and hard in these mountains. But none of you shall leave here alive. Your legs are weights of iron, and your blades are set ablaze!'
With these words, many of the Noras dropped to their knees, their weapons slipping from their limp hands to clang and crash upon the mountainside. Some tossed their blades aside with a shout and stomped on them as though they were truly in flames. The armored man continued speaking amidst the clamor of the goblin cries:
'Many of you are weary of fighting, fall now to a deep and dreamless sleep.' At each command the men of the Galva Army obeyed until a great many of them were laying in sleep on the hard rocks beneath them. Through all this the goblins continued their stomping and shouting until the noise was almost deafening. They would only pause long enough for the armored man to shout another command.
'We are doomed if this madness continues,' Sion shouted. He took up his blade and raced down to the bottom of the ridge. Daryas followed close behind him.
The goblins now had their army completely surrounded. There was nowhere to flee save the edge of the southern cliff, which fell far into a deep valley. At the bottom were jagged rocks and a rushing mountain stream.
At this point the Conjurer's commands became more sinister, and more severe. 'Let blood pour from your eyes and stain the earth red!' he cried. All around them Sion and Daryas could see the warriors of Noras stooping and rooting around on the ground, clawing at their eyes. But to their uncharmed eyes they could see no blood.
All the while the Conjurer approached the ridge slowly but confidently. Some Noras who had managed to keep their wits about them tried to withstand him, but he cast them aside without even a care.
When he reached the path that led to the top of the ridge he paused and looked around at the terrified faces. 'Children,' he complained as he cut down ten more men with great ease. He started walking, he had left the goblins behind and now walked straight into the Noras ranks, alone yet unafraid. The Noras, despite their advantage in terrain and number, did nothing to stop his march. Those who did try to face him met quick deaths, for the man's blade was quick as Time itself and steady as Fate.
'Where is the son of Biron?' he called out loudly

Immediately after he had said this the night sky lit up in a flash of green light. A red flash followed, and then blue and orange. Streams of fire rushed over the heads of the Noras warriors, startling both man and goblin.
Each flash of light was followed by a devilish scream and that was followed by the screams of goblins and orcs. Flame seemed to rain down from heaven upon the goblins and they halted their assault and clambered about in a blind panic. Blasts of flame appeared in pillars here and there from within the goblin's ranks, sending them flying through the air torn in pieces. Their swords and shields were splintered in sudden bursts of flame. 
The Noras host regathered and stood against the goblins with a renewed vigor. 'The heavens are on our side!' some shouted enthusiastically. 

'So it will come to this,' the armored man said as he peered over his shoulder at the bolts of light and flame. 'Very well,' he said. He stood just about a stone's throw away from Sion and Daryas.
'Now it is time for some courage, my friend,' Sion shouted as the armored man approached.
'Courage to die?' Daryas asked.
'Certain death approaches, but if we cast our fate into the hands of the gods they may bear us to better fortunes.'
'The odds are against us if we leap,' Daryas said as he peered over the northern edge of the ridge. Where they stood the ridge came to its height. To the west the ridge ended abruptly at a sharp cliff which overhung the battlefield below. On the southern side was the fierce mountain stream rushing through jagged rocks among the cliffs. To the west lay a steep and slippery slope that fell down into the battlefield.
They chose to jump. Ere the Conjurer could reach them they darted to the northern side of the ridge and slid over the edge. They half slid and half fell their way to the bottom, grabbing rocks here and vines there to slow their descent.

The lights and flames intensified until the goblins were so terrified and shaken that they took to running. They clambered over each other and stomped their own companions into dust underneath them as they flew in wild fear from the soaring lights.
The Noras began to regain their wits and shamefacedly gathered up their arms and formed ranks. Suddenly from the eastern pass appeared a tall man of Noras, clad in brown and green clothes with a shirt of chain armor sparkling beneath his cloak. The underside of his cloak was as black as night, but the outside gleamed bright in the morning light and the colors danced upon it like the shifting of sunlight under the leaves of a forest. In his hand he held what appeared to be a large staff, but with an iron pole running the length of it, until it came to a sharp iron point. At his side hung a sword and over his shoulders he carried two more of the strange staves and a ram's horn.
'Dynamis is come!' shouted the Noras warriors with renewed hope. They gathered around him and charged after the fleeing goblins with a devil's fury. 'Repay them in blood!' they cried.
And so they did. The goblins rushed like madmen back toward their camp. The men of Noras followed hard after them, killing all those that they were able to overtake. Dynamis rallied his own men behind him and followed after the Noras.
Each of his warriors carried with them similar weapons, though some were larger and some smaller. When they caught up with the Noras warriors they would stoop and point their staves toward the goblins and in unison they would sent blasts of flame and light hurdling into the goblin ranks. With renewed panic the goblins would turn and flee again, until they were again overtaken by the Noras warriors. Finally they came to the goblin camp, where many goblins still remained unharmed and well rested. The Noras were of a mind to charge straight in and make an end of them, but Dynamis halted them.
'Do not give them the advantage,' he ordered. 'For courage can just as easily turn into folly as it can turn into glory. Wait here, until my men have taken up their positions. But take care not to allow any goblin to pass through this way.'

Daryas and Sion came to their senses to see the Noras charging forward after the goblins. Not wishing to be bereft of honor they sorted out their things and cast away whatever had been battered by their fall and charged with their comrades.
They reached the goblin camp just as Dynamis ordered his men to attack. He had sent two dozen men up the same path that Daryas and Sion had taken when they first discovered the camp. From there they now sent down fire and light to burn and batter the goblin tents. Within twenty minutes almost every tent was ablaze and the goblins ran about screaming and shouting in terror. But there was nothing to be done, the goblin archers spent their arrows in vain trying to reach Dynamis' men in the cliffs above.
Dynamis ordered the men of Noras to march. 'March now, form ranks, raise your shields and leave none of these sorry devils alive.' In his eyes there raged a fire of passion and he raised his staff and pointed its end toward his enemies. A swift burst of flame sprang out and tore through the goblin army, rending limbs and piercing mail. He threw the staff onto the ground and repeated his attack with the other two weapons.
When he had finished he lifted the staff toward the heavens and poured powder from his horn into the tip and slid a large round ball of iron into the iron tube. One of his warriors repeated this process until all three of his staves had been filled with powder and iron. He set the edge against the goblins once more and let three more fireballs burst through their ranks, shattering bones and tearing flesh asunder.
In the chaos of the battle Daryas and Sion made their way to the front where they felled many orcs and goblins. The Noras charged after them and the goblins fled away toward the strange stone road from which they had originally entered the eastern mountains. All the while the man in the dark armor cursed them and called them to return. He made his way to a flat place and called after his army. With abrupt shouts in an unknown tongue he summoned the orcs and goblins to himself. Like a dog drawn to his master's whistle the fleeing goblins turned on their heels. They stopped fleeing and regrouped on his right side and on his left. It was apparent that there was still something which they feared more than the Noras and the leaping flames of Dynamis' warriors.

Just as the forces prepared to renew the bloodshed the Conjurer stepped forward and spoke. 'Has the Galva army no heroes remaining, that it sends fireworks and magic tricks against us? And has Noras no allies, that they dabble in the dark arts of Lapulia for their security?'
Daryas and Sion were nearby. Sion stepped forward and drew his sword from its sheath. As he approached, both armies stood still and watched anxiously.
'I am Sion, son of Cheftan Ponteris Oastirne. Though many heroes have already fallen, and though I may fall here today, I will not allow your mock to go unchallenged.'
'Stand aside, son of Ponteris, I have promised your father to spare your life,' the man responded in a cold voice that boomed from behind his helmet.
'My father!?' Sion shouted as he walked forward. 'What do you mean, devil?'
'I am not the sort of man to break a deal if I don't need to. I was told to spare Hassan, the son of Ponteris, "if it is at all possible". Step aside boy, for I am come for the blood of Biron. Besides, you are not even rightly a man of Noras. You are only half-noble, and the other half was a brigand!'
Sion flew into a mad rage when he heard the Conjurer speak his right name. He might otherwise have believed his words to be a ruse. But few people knew him by that name, and among his acquaintances there were none who dared call him by it. Sion swung his blade with skill, but the Conjurer, in heavy armor though he was, stepped aside with such speed that Sion's stroke sent him dashing past his foe. Several more times the man evaded Sion's skillful strokes. Suddenly the man turned swiftly, dodged a blow, and smacked Sion in the back of the head with the hilt of his blade. He fell to the stony ground like a felled tree.
Daryas rushed forward to help him, but stopped when he caught the gaze of the Conjurer. Through the dark slits on the man's helm, Daryas saw the gleam of his eyes and stood still as if he were turned to stone.
The Conjurer approached. Daryas struggled within himself and shaking his head he drew his sword. The Conjurer struck, and Daryas dodged. Again the Conjurer swung his fatal blade, but Daryas turned it aside and moved backward.
'Few survive the first stroke of my sword, and none survive the second. What is your name, child, that I may pay you some honor when you are fallen?
'I am the son of Biron,' he said as he stepped back dodging another blow. 'I am Daryas.'
'Very well,' the man said. 'You have done well to survive this far. And I will tell you plainly, that I wish we could have met under better circumstances. For the Galvahirne are a race of peculiar strength and wisdom, and the lords of that Clan are unrivaled among mortal men.'
With this the man stabbed fiercely at Daryas. He slipped away, avoiding the point of the sword, but the edge cut him across the belly and he dropped his sword and fell to the ground holding his wound. The Conjurer lifted his blade again and without any hesitation he swung down at the wounded man. Mityai threw herself over Daryas to shield him, as though her invisible body could stop the blade.
Daryas shut his eyes and braced himself for the end. But it did not come. There was a loud clang, and then a murmur from the Noras army. Daryas could hear the goblins stomping and growling with frustration.
Dynamis
When he opened his eyes he saw Dynamis standing over him, his own sword locked with the Conjurer's. 'And what is the meaning of this?' the Conjurer asked with a laugh. 'Do you know what becomes of those who come between the Noble wolf and its prey?'
'Do not think that you will make prey of me so easily,' Dynamis said boldly as he flicked his blade up and tossed the Conjurer's sword aside. 
The Conjurer laughed. 'You have given me some entertainment already, surely you will not deprive me of your name.'
'I am Dynamis Galvahirne, the eldest son of Cheftan Biron of Peiraso, who rules over the sons of Galvahir. Now that I have given you the honor of my name, it is your turn to answer me. Who are you, and for what do you vex the people of Noras?'
From deep within the Conjurer's dark helm a small laugh began to grow until it seemed that the man's guffaw echoed through the entire mountain.
'It would be in vain for me to tell you such things, for the dead have no need of knowledge.'
'Very well, Noble wolf,' Dynamis said coldly, 'I will not press you further. But hear me well, since you are so sure of victory. It is only from the heights of pride that a man can be made low. For the humble man is low already. We will see which one of us the Master of Causes chooses today.'

The two fell upon each other with such strength and passion that the armies of both the men and the goblins started back. To start, the Conjurer did as he had done before, holding his blade in one hand and skillfully blocking the attacks of his opponent. But this proved to be insufficient, much to his frustration. He stepped back and with a sigh he grasped his sword with two strong hands.
Then he began to attack with even greater ferocity. His strokes were quick, much quicker than any other in such armor would be able to manage. But Dynamis furrowed his brow, focused his eyes and dodged each blow. 
They fought for a long time in a full fury, neither taking the advantage. Finally the man found an opening and smacked Dynamis' cheek with his iron bracer. Dynamis fell down on his back. The next blow would have cut through his chest, but he rolled backwards skillfully and threw himself back to his feet. He gathered his wits just in time to catch the next sword-stroke with his blade.
Dynamis began to pant and to grow weary. Yet the Conjurer appeared to have the same vigor throughout the battle. 
Meanwhile, Daryas hobbled over to his comrade Sion who now sat clutching his aching head in his arms.
'Sion, you live,' Daryas said. Sion looked at him and then hung his head to his chest.
'You speak as though that were a good thing,' he responded sullenly.
'It is so to me,' Daryas said as he looked at his friend.
'There are some men, Daryas, for whom the world would not be bereaved.'
'What do you mean, friend?' Daryas asked, but his friend said nothing more. Their attention returned to the Conjurers' duel.

As the two men battled on, the skies grew dark with heavy clouds. Winter returned to the mountain in one last desperate attempt to preserve its dominion against the coming of Spring. The air turned cold and the wind howled. The rain fell on the earth heavily, but still the men battled on.
With a skillful slash the Conjurer knocked aside Dynamis' blade and cut his arm. He staggered back holding his bleeding limb. But he was not so badly wounded that he was unable to block the next attack. 
'I see that it was not in vain that I chose to perform this task myself,' the Conjurer said. 'You are in every way the son of Galvahir. Any other would have been hard-pressed to slay you.'
'You are hard-pressed yourself,' Dynamis said panting. His head was swirling and the pain in his arm was great. But all of this discomfort he turned into rage and flung himself upon his foe.
His strokes were swift and strong, enough to push the mighty Conjurer back toward the edge of the field. The goblins stepped aside in terror and the men fought on, every step drawing closer to the edge of the western cliff.
The Conjurer stepped back and gathered his strength for a strike. His motion was swift and his sword fell hard at Dynamis. But the son of Biron turned aside and kicked the flat part of the Conjurer's sword, pinning it to the ground under his boot. He stomped and there was the sound of bones breaking. The Conjurer released the blade and stepped back, holding his hand and grunting with pain.
Dynamis rushed at him with a shout and his blade pierced the front of the Conjurer's plated armor and came out through his back. The man gave a groan and fell to his knees. Dynamis shouted and gave his face a mighty kick and sent his body hurdling over the edge of the cliff, his armor clanging against the rocks as he dropped.
When Dynamis came to the cliff and looked over the edge he could see nothing but the sharp points of jagged rocks peeking out of a dense mountain mist. Below he could hear the roar of treacherous rapids, tearing through and smashing against the mountain stones.
He walked over and lifted the Conjurer's sword above his head and cried out, 'Be gone devils! For your master is fallen!'
The goblins fled in terror when they saw what had become of the Conjurer. They dropped their weapons and abandoned their wounded, every goblin fleeing in a different direction. Most rushed down along the strange stone path and vanished from the mountain. The Noras warriors were of a mind to pursue them, but Dynamis raised his hand to stop them.
'Let them fly!' Dynamis shouted. 'For these sorry devils will never return to Coronan. They will live out their days in fear, hidden under cold stones and dark shadows. For the Galvahirne are now a greater terror to them than even magic.'

Chapter VIII: 
The Exile of the Galvahirne
The Brothers Reunited
The wind howled and raged until nightfall. Dynamis took command over the Galva army and set about ordering a camp. Strong men with swift feet were sent to Cheft Faros' old base at Megd-u-Coran to gather up whatever supplies they had left and to help along those who were wounded in the previous battles. There was a deep silence among all the warriors, partly because their voices could not be heard over the wailing of the wind, but mostly because they were all so shaken by the strange turn of events. The passion of the last battle was replaced by somber and silent contemplation.
By midnight a camp had been set up and there were many watchfires burning high into the air. The Noras are masters at making fires, and soon, despite the cold and the rain, the camp was illuminated with leaping mounds of red fire.
'Brother!' Daryas cried as he embraced his older sibling. 'You have saved us all from the grave, and the goblins are driven back. There will be songs about you when we return to Galva Hall!'
Dynamis was taller than his brother, and his appearance, though still distinctly Galvahirne, was somewhat less severe. His hair was the exact same shade and he was a bit thinner, though more muscular than Daryas.
'There will be no songs, brother,' Dynamis said softly with a grim look on his face. 'I have come bearing hope for the army of Galva, but I can offer no such hope for the our beloved Noras.'
'What is it, Dyne?' Daryas asked. He knew his brother's face well and read from it that a great evil had taken hold in Noras.
'Our father is betrayed,' Dyne said, almost in a whisper. He looked around him as though there were spies in every corner. 'The envy of the Cheftans has driven them to madness. A force of armed men has marched against Peiraso, and what power the sons of Galvahir once held in the council has been stripped away.'
Daryas said nothing for several minutes while he considered these tidings.
'But what about our father and our mother?' Daryas said sadly, 'Are they safe?'
'That I cannot say,' Dyne answered. 'The great hawk Maru brought me this letter from Peiraso on the twentieth day of Leonius. I sent him back to Peiraso with a message of my own, but he found us two days later at Bridge-town, bearing still the same message that I had sent. He also bore an arrow in his talons; from this I gather that Peiraso has fallen into the hands of some jealous Cheftan. But here is the letter; the last word I have seen from our father, Cheft Biron Galvahirne.'
Dynamis pulled a crumpled piece of paper from his cloak and held up a lantern. Daryas read:

"By Pelas' might I pray that Maru's wings fly swiftly. For great peril has befallen Noras. The shadow that has been in my heart has brought forth evil fruit. I was not mistaken; the Cheftans have plotted our destruction.
"Even now, men of Titalo march on our eastern borders. The hedge and fence will not hold back such a band, and I fear the secrets and defenses of my estate have already been spied out. I must hurry. I am sending Olver with the refugees to Dadron, where, if the gods will, they will be welcomed by my friends there.
"But you, my son, if ever you have desired to honor me, you must not return to Peiraso. Fly to the mountain and save your brother and the army of Galva. There are powers at work there that are far more sinister and threatening than any mere hob-goblin or high-orc.
"Now I must see to some preparations and find your beloved mother, ere the enemy comes to the gates."
-From the hand of Cheftan Biron Galvahirne, lord of the sons of Galvahir

Daryas' eyes swelled with tears as he read. Dyne put his hand on his brother's shoulder. 'Do not fear, brother,' he said, 'More than likely our parents still live. For I cannot imagine they would lay a finger on them while the blood of Galvahir still runs through living veins.'
'Then we must make haste to return to Peiraso,' Daryas said urgently, rising from his seat as though he would leave at that very moment.
'We cannot go back,' Dyne said sullenly, 'not now. For the forest of Noras has fallen out of the hands of the Galvahirne. This is no accident; it has been carefully planned by men who would go so far as to betray their own countrymen in the mountains, as they have betrayed the madman Faros. Such devils will not let go of the reins of power so easily.'
'What are you telling me?'
'If we attempt to return to Noras, we will never set foot off of this mountain. There will be an army of men, hirelings and wicked Noras of Lavri-la and Oastir-la marching to meet us. They will ensure that no heir of Galvahir returns to the forest.'
'But why? For what could they possibly be doing this?'
'I do not know,' Dyne answered. 'But whoever conspires against us, does not conspire within Noras alone. The Conjurer is proof enough of that. These goblins did not come from any place on this side of the mountain. They were mustered in the west, in Amlaman or Ramlos perhaps. But do not ask me further, for my knowledge fails here. All I can say is that some of the more wicked and envious of the Noras Cheftans have made league with strange powers in the western world. The goal of both these powers was the destruction of the Galva army.'
'But we have averted this at least,' Daryas said, sitting down once more.
'Yes, though the cost was high. But I think that we ought to give our foes the illusion of victory, at least for now.'
'What do you mean, brother?'
'We will burn our dead and the dead of the goblins after the manner of the wildmen. We will make the fire so hot that even the finest scout will be unable to discern who lays among the dead. We must suffer there to be no tale-bearers among the Galva army. No one may return to Noras.' 
Daryas's face looked troubled. 'Where will we go?' he asked. 'For to the east lies our betrayers and to the west lies an unknown, and therefore more deadly foe.'
'We will find refuge among the Coronan valleys,' a voice said from the tent's entrance. The flap was opened and a tall man with a fur cap entered. 
'Who are you?' Daryas asked.
'I am Revere, and I owe your father much,' he looked at the ground when he spoke. 'I will lead us to hidden places where men do not trod; secret valleys of the mountains that lay long forgotten.'
Revere's face looked sickly and pale. His mind seemed to be in two places at once, and every word he spoke seemed to come only with the greatest exertion. Daryas thought he recognized the look: Shame. This puzzled him, but he said nothing to the scout.
Dynamis rose to his feet. 'There is much for us to do; and we cannot delay this ruse for long. There are bound to be spies climbing the mountains after us to learn our fate. By my reckoning, we must be gone from this mountain by the weeks end, or we will be discovered.'
'But how can we abandon our kinsmen in Noras?' Daryas asked, his face showing grave concern. 'And if our betrayers find nothing but charred corpses, how will they know that the sons of Biron are living?'
'They cannot know that for now,' Dynamis said. 'We must trust that Olver will arrive safely at Dadron the Great. The Cheftans know that they have no strength to challenge that mighty city. But after a while, when the army of Galva is secure and hidden, we will make ourselves known to our foes. I swear it, Daryas, by the Master of Causes, that I will not rest until I have done all to make our names more feared among the wicked than the name of the devil king Agon himself.'
The next day, the Noras fulfilled the grim task that Dynamis had set before them. The Galva Army then marched into the west, not knowing where their journey would lead them.

Wolves roamed the hills of Coronan in the wake of the last battle. They had gorged themselves on the flesh of the goblins at Corhen and now they searched the upper lands for the corpses of the Noras. But they were disappointed at what they found there.
'Fire and smoke,' Ghastin complained when they came to the charred bodies of the goblins and the men. 'It is all burnt to nothing and there is not a scrap of flesh remaining for us. Pelas has broken his word.'
The Outcasts of Peiraso
Olver Galvahirne knew the gravity of his mission when he spoke with his uncle. This was his task: To lead a group of peasants, over a thousand strong, through the dense woods of Noras, still bound by the cold grip of Winter, while eluding the armed brigands of Cheft Ponteris and every other conspirator of Lavri-la. Moreover he must come to the safe city of Dadron which lay some four-hundred leagues away by foot.
'To make matters worse,' he told his men as they rode through the dark and empty trails of Noras, 'we cannot take the main road, for it is watched on all sides by the spies of Ponteris.'
They had left Peiraso and fled south into the forest ere the hirelings of Ponteris descended on the mansion. But they could not go much further in that direction. The southern road would only lead them into the lands of Ponteris and his comrades in Lavri-la. 'We cannot trust the men of Oastir-la and Vivlir-la, for the former is kin to our enemy and the latter is too far to reach by watched roads.'
'Then we must fly east like a bird or swim down the Gavl River like a fish,' Redwin Coranlirne said despondently. 'For there is danger on every side. And I cannot think how to escape it. It is a sad time to be faithful to the house of Biron. But I do not regret our loyalty. For whether evil will befall us or not because of our faithfulness, it would certainly have befallen us already had we come to the home of Cheft Ponteris for aid in our desperation.'
'We will not come to Dadron by the main road.' Olver said after he had considered the matter for a while. 'We will go south east to the border of Lavri-la and Dae-la. There the spies of Ponteris may lose us in the wilds that separate the one land from the other. And they will not expect us to take that route, not in a hundred years would they expect this.'
Olver sounded confident as he spoke, but his heart sunk within him. He knew the danger of his circumstance, and he knew that it was his own life alone that served to vouchsafe the survival of Cheft Ponteris' rival. For Ponteris was fully persuaded that the sons of Biron would perish in the fray on the top of Mount Coronis. And should his nephew fall, there would remain no man to avenge him.
He led the people on through the woods on strange and unkept roads and came eventually to a dark and wild portion of the northeast forest. This place was called 'The Great Thicket' by the locals, for in a certain place there was almost ten leagues of brush, bramble and thorns.
Their progress through this place very slow, but they were well hidden from their enemies. The Great Thicket proved almost too much for them, however, and they soon found themselves pausing for long hours while a path was sought out. With such a large group this became a dreadful and tiring task. It was not enough to find some way for a group of warriors to pass through; they must find a way for the animals and the carts and the weary peasants of the western clans. Several times the scouts came to the end of a path to find nothing but a sea of impassable thorns in front of them. They would be forced return to the others and seek out a new path.
But with few other hardships they came out of the Thicket and entered the gentler eastern part of southern Dae-la. Here they were able to pass several nights in safety, though Olver made certain to keep a watch at all times. 'In a month's time things will not be so easy in Noras,' he said to Redwin. 'Right now the daring crimes of Ponteris are still secret from the people of the forest. But in a month's time every wind will howl the news and every ear will hear of his treachery against Galva-la. They will mourn in their homes, but in the streets they will bow down to their new master. For there are few so faithful as to risk what little they have for someone so distant. For a season, the mad Ponteris will be lord over all of Noras.'
After several days they burst from the forest in steady march over the eastern plains that lay between the forest and the River Libron. They passed many little villages and farms as they went, little places who's names never enter into any tale. Thus they came to Libraeva, one of the chief cities of the Daevaron. The Noras peasants were startled and amazed by the golden haired sons of the ancient Titalo conquerors. For under the darkness of the western Noras forest they had never so much as set eyes upon so many yellow-haired men and women.
Here Olver made preparations to bring the people to Dadron. The men of Libraeva were eager to help the sorry outcasts of Noras once they had heard their tale and when they had been shown the staff of Hiron. 'Dadron owes much to the sons of Galvahir,' the master of Libraeva said. 'And we will see to it that your people come to Dadron safely. Let Ponteris rouse all of Lavri-la to arms against us, his brigands will not set foot across the mighty Libron.'
Into Unknown Lands
By the fifth day of Paschest the Remnant of the Galva army was ready to make its flight from Mount Coronis. They left at the first light of dawn and made their way north, leaving behind mounds of charred bodies, both of men and of goblins. It seemed now that Winter was finally willing to relent and allow the warmer air of Spring to blow upon their weary faces. They made good time through these lands, for Revere was familiar with every pass of Great Coronis and he led them by kind and broad paths to the northern passes and into a deep valley beyond. His parents had both died before he was fifteen, leaving him just enough money finish his education. When he turned seventeen he was granted a position in the guard of Dadron, but he refused it, seeking his fortune outside of the city. He resented the fortress of Dadron, as it seemed to him to have been the reason he was born in Weldera rather than in the Magic City of Lapulia. He took to the forest of Noras for a time, traveling with merchants and learning the paths of the woods. When he mastered these he explored the rest of Weldera, especially the mountains of Coronan, which gave him a great deal of that which he prized more than anything else - solitude. By paths he once tread in solitary quiet the Galva army now passed into the west in an unceasing march.
It was only when they set about making camp on the eighth day of Paschest that they noticed that Sion was not among them. There was some confusion and debate among those who claimed to have seen him perish by the Conjurer's hand and those who had seen him nursing his wounds in the aftermath of the battle. But no one, not even Daryas had spoken with him since he had recovered from the Conjurer's blow.
'I would not search too long among our ranks for the son of Ponteris,' Dynamis warned his brother, 'For I fear that he has returned to his father's house.'
'You don't think he would betray us, do you brother?' Daryas asked.
'I do not think he will tell his father anything about our flight or our trail; his great hatred of the Cheftan is well-known throughout Noras. But his loyalties will be sorely tested ere the end. Noras is now in the hands of his father, and he will not find it easy to serve the land without acknowledging her new master. I fear his hatred for his father will turn his heart away from Noras. And if his heart turns from Noras, we will find in him no ally.' Dynamis could see the sorrow in his brother's eyes. 'Do not fear brother,' he said in a comforting tone, 'This may prove to the advantage of our father and all of Noras. The Master of Causes does not neglect the fall of the thinnest leaf, and he has not forgotten about the plight of our homeland. Sion is proud, and he will perhaps vaunt over his father's great failure. For the two brave sons of Biron live on and live free. As long as that knowledge lies within the mad Cheftan's heart he will not risk bringing harm to our father, lest our vengeance turn his ambitions into vanity.'
'Can the sorrow of Sion really be a cause for good?' Daryas asked sadly.
'It may be the cause of good for many, though Sion himself may never see it in that way. There are many who live their whole lives in quiet struggle, feeling powerless and weak. Yet they never know how mighty the Master of Causes can make them when, in his time, he chooses to raise a man above his peers.
'The father of Galvahir was a fisherman in some remote village, far to the north of Galva-la. He did nothing grand or remarkable in his entire life. He worked and lived a simple and quiet life, which was cut short when he drowned in one of the small mountain creeks near his home.
'The loss of his father at so young an age made Galvahir grow strong, and he soon became stronger and wiser than his peers. You know the rest of the tale, how he came to serve Pelas the blessed and with his sword drove the devil king Agon out of Noras forever. It was a little man, a nameless fisherman, who became the cause of something so incredible that the world will not again see its likeness.
'So do not be surprised, brother, if sad tales can lead to happier endings. We cannot see all causes, and we cannot see all that will come to be ere the end. That is the folly of those who grumble at the heavens; for how do they know that there will not be days of plenty to restore what the days of want take away?'

They did not stay in that valley for long. Revere was uneasy as it was still too close to the Great Mountain. He told Dynamis that, 'It would not be impossible for a force to overtake us.'
'Then we must press on. The Remnant must come to safe ground where the brigands of Ponteris will not dare to tread.'
For another week they journeyed into the west, until they had come to a rounded hill about ten leagues west of the peak of Coronis. Around the southern base of the hill there ran a gentle stream, where the men were able to catch fish and trap other creatures. The people were delighted to see such a kind looking land and were of a mind to settle there. But Dynamis stopped them.
'Let no man eat of the creatures of this country until we have done the proper rites. We are no longer in the good land of Pelas, and we must use caution. I will send Maru to spy out the land and see if we can find a suitable sacrifice.'
Maru leaped from Dynamis' arm and soared high into the air on his mighty wings. He circled the hill and vanished from their sight.
After several hours Maru reappeared with a tuft of black goat hair in his talons. A small group of men then followed him as he soared above the top of the hill. On the north side there was a rocky cliff, and on these they discovered some wild goats, leaping and playing upon the rocks.
They threw a rope around one and carried it back to the camp. The men gathered around Dynamis as he prepared an altar of field stones and brambles. He drew a knife from his belt and slew the animal. He cut open the creature's stomach and examined it closely and ceremoniously. 'We cannot stay here,' he said after giving the creature's innards a thorough inspection, 'Return the fish and other creatures to the stream. For the land is against us.'
Then he set fire to the altar and the smoke rose into the air, sending a pleasant smell into the sky. The men were amazed and whispered among themselves, some calling Dynamis a priest or a holy man.
The Remnant left that beautiful hill and continued traveling into the west. Each time they arrived in a new place, Dynamis would repeat his strange ceremony. The men then began to grow impatient; some even called him superstitious, because they were now running low on supplies and tired of sacrificing goats and hares and whatever else could be found in the secret valleys of the Coronan Mountains.
But in due time, approximately three weeks after they left the charred mountainside of Coronis, they arrived in a wild land on the far western slopes of the Coronan Range. Below them to the north and the west they saw the great valley of Ramlos stretched out before their eyes. A mist lay over the whole land, but they could make out the tops of tall pine trees and a silver stream passing due north and out of their sight. Dynamis led them to the source of the river and they set up a camp in a place where they could not be seen from the west or the north.
Sacrifices were once more prepared. But this time when Dynamis examined the entrails he saw no trace of anything unclean or or of any malady within the stomach of the native goat. He called for more sacrifices, this time a bird and a deer.
Finally, after he had spent a considerable amount of time studying the creatures, he set a large bonfire in the center of their camp and proclaimed, 'Here we shall stay, while we wait out our enemies. This land is good, and here the Remnant of Galva will thrive.'
The men cheered and there was a great excitement. After some time of rejoicing, Dynamis raised the long sword of the Conjurer in the air above his head. At the sight of that mighty sword the men quieted down almost instantly. 'Let us rest our weary limbs, and let the cool mountain waters wash the dirt from our tear-stained cheeks. Let us build shelters and gather wild goats and rams. Let us fish and even push the plow if we must. But, men of Noras, let us not forget our kin, our wives and our sisters, the little red cheeked children that play in the woods under the watchful boughs of elm and oak and pine. Let us not forget that they linger in subjection to the fell usurper Ponteris. Rest your limbs, my brothers, so that when the day comes for us to make our return to the blessed forest of Pelas, we will be strong and willing. Many heroes have fallen prey to the goblin's teeth and the foolishness of Cheft Faros. But let us pray to the Master of Causes that in this land to which we've journeyed, new heroes may arise to bring justice and honor back to Noras.'
The Servants of Pelas
On the top of Dadron hill, in the middle of a great courtyard there is a temple. The courtyard of the temple is paved with bright white stones that, despite time and wear, have retained much of their ancient luster and beauty. This courtyard is perfectly square; each side is about a league and a half long, oriented perfectly with the eastern edge facing due east, the northern edge due north and so on. On each corner there is a great obelisk towering high above the hill. Atop each obelisk is a tall white spire that rises higher still, seeming to disappear into the sky itself. Under the moonlight it appears as though these towering structures are the pillars of the heavens, upholding the starry skies and rooting the wheeling planets to the earth.
The temple itself had no roof, for it was meant to be illuminated by the full light of the sun, whose light would reflect off the white stones so brightly that the top of the hill itself became too brilliant to behold on a cloudless day. This was called the 'Glory of Pelas' or the 'Light of Pelas'. In the mid-summer, even from a great distance, it seemed as though the whole city sent a thick beam of pure white light high into the heavens. The Ancients believed that this light traveled for many lives of men until it came to light upon other worlds, who in gratitude for their light sent their prayers across the heavens to Dadron and its god.
The temple itself was surprisingly small, considering the great stone stage on which it was built. It would take a man less than five minutes to encompass the entire building. Its ancient architects cunningly designed it so as to draw the attention from their lesser work, though marvelous as it was, to the greater beauty of the celestial realm. Seeing so small a temple on so great a foundation, set so high atop the hill in the full light of the world's mighty light-bringer inspired an awe that no workman could achieve through his own devices, however remarkable they might be. 
The whole temple was made of the same sort of stone as the floor and the obelisks, reflecting the light of the sun by day like a great mirror. At night they glowed under the cool light of the moon and sparkled beneath the host of stars.
Around them there was a low wall, built of large stones about half a man's height. These enclosed the whole structure, save for a broad entrance at the southern end. Beyond this entrance there were large stone steps leading to an altar and past that a beautiful statue of a man.
Made of the same white stone, this statue represented the apex of the Ancients' skill and craft. The statue was of a great warrior, armed with a long sword, held up into the air as though he would pierce the very heavens. His every feature was carved so carefully and smoothly that it almost seemed to possess some life of its own. The clothing was so gently crafted that it almost appeared to be made of silken sheets, draped over a living body. The man's hair was finely curled and neatly trimmed under a gleaming stone helm with a large plume of life-like horse hair, which looked so real that it might be expected to dance about in the wind. The statue towered over the altar casting an ominous shadow until the sun came to rest above it, scattering all darkness. The statue was nearly three times the height of a normal man.
Just south of the statue there was a great stone seat, upon which no mortal was permitted to sit. An inscription on the throne said in an ancient tongue, 'The Throne of Mighty Lord Pelas, God of all Weldera.'
It was to this temple that Lord Pelas returned at the end of his sojourn in the forest of Noras. Under the stars of heaven he sat down upon this throne with his invisible scepter in his hand. Before him stood many spirits; some of them mighty in wisdom and others mighty in deeds. He raised his scepter in the air and all those present praised him:
'Hail Lord Pelas, god of all Weldera; unrivaled and unblemished!'
'Hail, servants of light. I have returned, as I promised, from the land of Noras. The prayers of the Siren have been all but fulfilled. The son of Biron now carries his burden over the mountains into the land of Agonistes. Yet there still remain many tasks and dangers. Lord Cheru, slayer of Amro, among us immortals there are few as powerful as you.'
'What is your desire, Lord Pelas?' the spirit thundered. He was much taller than any of the others. At his side was hung a huge sword and over his shoulder was hung a towering shield. Were he visible, the very sight of him would be more than enough to slay any man born of mortal birth. But when he passed among mankind he remained unseen and unheard, though his heavy plated armor jingled and clattered as he moved.
'You must guard the son of Biron. His name is Daryas Galvahirne. No harm must befall him. I fear for his safety especially now that the fell wolf Ghastin has been deprived of his reward by the cunning fires of Dynamis. Save the younger brother, but I care not what comes of the other. Let Ghastin have him if it will assuage his anger.'
'I will not fail you my master,' Cheru thundered.
'Ollina, I have need of your wisdom,' Pelas said, turning to another spirit. Ollina was much smaller than the giant Cheru. She carried with her no spectral blade or any other such weapons. 'Your cunning and clever words will avail me more than the blades of many immortals. You must fly to the side of Cheft Biron who is now imprisoned in the dark cellars of Cheft Ponteris in Oastir-la. He will be in need of encouragement. You must use your wise words to keep him strengthened in both mind and body.'
'I will do as you say, my lord,' she said as she bowed low. She turned around and began her long journey to Peiraso. Pelas looked around at the spirits gathered before him. 'Where is Mityai?' he asked suddenly.
'She has not returned to us, my lord,' said a dark voice.
'Who is there?'
'It is I, Noctunan,' the dark spirit said. 'It has been my job to trouble the young Galvahirne with dreams of dreadful things.'
'And why have you returned to me? Have you given him all the dreams with which I sent you?' Pelas roared.
'Do not be angry,' Noctunon said defensively, 'You should know by now that the son of Biron sleeps rarely. He has grown quite weak, but he still resists the Old Man more often than not. He will not sleep for another two days, and by then I will have found him again.'
'And what of Mityai, why has she not returned to us?'
'I think that she is angry with you, and she will not leave the boy's side. She nearly throttled me until I promised to be gentler with her charge.'
'This is not good news, I may have to send her to hell after all,' Pelas said gravely. 'I will need a volunteer then. Who will go beyond the mountains to the land of Agon and bring the rebel spirit back to Dadron?'
A powerful spirit stepped forward. 'I will go, my lord.'
'Oblis, once lord over millions, take your long spear and your net. If she will not submit to the safety of your mighty net, skewer her and drag her deathless body back to me on the end of your pole. During my sojourn among the Noras I have seen many strong minded and rebellious spirits in my domain, and it is high time that I reminded them who is lord over all the spirits. If Mityai cannot learn obedience, then she will become an example of my judgment.'
The others nodded their heads in faithful accord. 'Let it be so,' they said in unison.
The New Land
The land that the Noras remnant came to dwell in was nestled behind a tall ridge of bare stone that came sweeping down into the Rauros Valley from the east and then, curving sharply, rose into a high wall of cliffs as though to veil them from northern eyes. A creek came rushing from some high place at the top of the insuperable ridge and over a tall water fall into a pool near the corner of the ridge. There they skillfully built log houses and set up tents and food stores.
The people grew in strength in that land. They called their new home, Ram-u-Nar, for it lay betwixt their home in Noras and the strange land of Ramlos. The wounded healed quickly, and soon they took their weapons in hand once more. Some men hunted and fished, some gathered fruit and berries from the woods, but all of them did their fair share. What they gathered they distributed to all, and there were none that went without.
They did not neglect their swords, though their lives were comfortable. The men trained hard all through the days of their exile, until they became brave and strong, though untested. Many warriors rose into prominence among them in those days. There was Vallus Phoadirne and Forge Collesirne, companions of Dynamis, who became the captains over the other warriors. Vallus wielded a battle-axe with broad sharp blades while Forge carried so large a broadsword that it was said that no other mortal man could bear it. Also among the Galvahirne there were many others who came into notoriety. There was Aoder, the huntsman, who's bow did not miss, and Gishu who alone rivaled him. Also there was Olsith and Melgu, brothers from Cossa-la who became the foremost swordsmen among the Remnant.
Daryas Galvahirne also grew in strength in Ram-u-Nar. Under the guidance of his elder brother he became skilled with bows and with swords, and many other weapons. For nearly a year and a half they remained in that place unmolested by the troubles that overshadowed their homeland. They sent scouts back to Noras now and again, to bring news from beneath the canopy of trees. But none of them dared go beyond the Gavl River or north of Megd-la.
From these they learned that Biron still lived, though they learned nothing of the lady Marima. Ponteris now dwelt in Peiraso and held all of Noras within his grasp, save for those remote places in Megd-la, Shaf-la, and Cossa-la where he had few allies. But all throughout the 'Pillar of Noras' he kept a watchful eye on every road. They heard nothing of the fate of Sion.
In time the Remnant began to secretly summon warriors to their hidden refuge. Revere would travel through mountain roads, known only to himself, and make his way through the secret paths of Noras to the very doorsteps of those men that Dynamis sought after. In this way they brought many other heroes to Ram-u-Nar.
They brought Kele Sorrirne, the great blacksmith and his apprentice Oserra from the copper mines of Shaf-la. He brought with him twenty brave young swordsmen each bearing five new swords to help replenish the arms of the Galva Army.
They also summoned Cheft Aargo Medglirne, one of the finest Axe-men of the wood. He came with his five sons, each as strong as an ox and as wise as a hawk.
Many others also came, some unbidden, some after much prodding. There was much to lose, and little hope of overpowering Cheft Ponteris. Dynamis' message to each was the same:
'Brethren and friends, the son of Biron is gathering a force, whether we will live or die is in the hands of the gods. But we will be a stronger force with the warriors of Noras among our ranks. So come, if the loneliness of exile is better than servitude. I can promise no reward, but what we have and what Fate may bring us I will share willingly and graciously.'

After a year their number had almost doubled and began almost to resemble the mighty force that had first set out from the City of Galva, so long ago it now seemed. But as time drew on it became apparent that the men were growing restless. Their untested strength was teeming with passion and a fierce desire to see their homeland again and bring their fiery revenge upon the heads of their enemies. But as they planned and prepared to return to the forest, unexpected news came to them from the west.

End of Book I



From The Author
Thank you for reading The Legacy of Galvahir; I truly hope that you have enjoyed this book. If you would like to read the rest of the story, I invite you to purchase the complete five-book series 'The Punishment of the Gods', available for Kobo, Nook, Kindle and more at Smashwords.com for only $2.99.
Get 50% off the series at checkout with this coupon code! PE35V

A review of The Punishment of the Gods can be found here:
http://indiebookreviewer.blogspot.com/2013/08/the-punishment-of-gods-by-jake-yaniak.html

The Punishment of the Gods includes the following books in addition to Book I The Legacy of Galvahir:

Book II: The Fell Wolf
A young prince struggles to survive in a dark and troubled kingdom. Befriended by a strange knight with mysterious ambitions, he finds himself drawn deep into the man's plots and schemes.

Book III: The Vestron Monster
A fierce monster wages war against the powerful Harz Nobles who rule over Vestron from their citadel on the fiery mountain of Fhuhar.

Book IV: The Seige of Dadron
Old alliances are renewed as the valley of Falsis is invaded and the Fortress of Dadron is beseiged.

Book V: The Siren's Song
Young Daryas must save his beloved or perish; but he must also find a way to be worthy of her.

Download it today on Smashwords:
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/315432



About The Author
I was born and raised in New Jersey; and I am New Jerseyan through and through, wherever life may take me.
For Christmas one year my parents bought me a Lord of the Rings computer game. I started playing it and was so inspired by the story that I put the game aside and did not touch it again until I had read The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings. Those books sparked within me a love of reading in general and a love of fantasy literature in particular.
My favorite genre, however, is philosophy, particularly as it relates to ethics and metaphysics. This, together with my love of the fantastic, is the inspiration for my writing.
In my reading I have seen how ideas affect history. For this reason it has been important to me to not simply tell a story, but to show how the characters interact with different ideologies and ethical dilemmas. I want my readers to at least understand, even if they do not sympathize with, the villains of the story.

For the author's blog, please visit here:
http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/6949089.Jake_Yaniak/blog
