
People of Fae
Book 1 in The Fae Trilogy
Copyright  2013 by M.M. Gavillet
All rights reserved.  Printed in the United States of America.  No part of the book may be used or reproduced in any manner without the written permission from the author.  This book is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidences are the product of the authors imagination, any resemblance to real events, locations, persons living or dead, are purely a coincidence.
Front and back cover designed by M.M. Gavillet
Title page photo by A. Gavillet

Smashwords Edition 
For my dad.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
As always, I have to thank my village people-you know who you are!  And my family whom I adore for their support, love, strength, and even all of the hair-pulling, frustrating times of being a writeryes all of you are very important to me!  Also, thank you to Shani for being simply the extraordinaire you are!  And to my mother-in-law youre still perfect.  And to the beautiful Elizabeth for being patient with me and reading anything I threw at ya!  And as always, to my dadwish many times over you were here!
Chapter One 
Eli

Do you know where she is or not?  You know who I speak of, Eli demanded in a quiet whisper.  Answer wisely.
The three fur covered creatures hovered before him growling their warning.  Bright, silver, vine like bars was the only separation between Eli and the beasts.  Their eyes of silver disks reflected the dimly lit dungeon.  Eli knew he had to be quick or he would be joining them in this dreadful place.  Guards would be coming soon and the last thing he wanted was to be in prison again.  
Why should we tell you? the largest of the three creatures asked staring at Eli.  Give me a good reason.  I need some amusement, sentry.
Eli knew little of the nature of Mogs, and negotiation was not one of them.  If only she was easier to find and didnt mingle with these horrible creatures.  It was her nature to befriend the most unlikely creature and now Eli had to resort to getting information out of them. 
He had to come up with something without sounding desperate, even though he was.  He had to remain in control or he would get nowhere with the creature.  Mogs were short tempered and serve no one but themselves.  Eli could remember hearing lost sentries get torn apart by them just for being in the wrong place at the wrong time.  But, he had no choice.  He owed something worse than a Mog.
The Mog snorted at him showing his sharp canine teeth.  Six silver eyes focused on him as he scrambled to think of something.  The creatures were not stupid, but they were very superstitious.  The Mogs nostrils of his flat, wide, lion-like nose flared slightly.  
Did she tell you she has something that would interest you?  Eli said quickly and caught the attention of the Mog.  He really didnt want it to come out like that, but he had to be enticing without revealing too much. It is something of great power, Eli tried to say in a tantalizing voice.
The Mog stopped slowly turned lowering himself to Elis level.  With gleaming eyes, the Mog stared at Eli, wrapped his talon claws slowly around the metallic bars one by one right in front of Elis face, and glared at him.  Eli swallowed hard hoping the Fae made dungeon was strong enough for three Mogs.
We dont associate with Faeish things.  You are trying to trick us into something.  Go awayor Ill have you as a play thing.
I dont have time for trickery, Eli stated.  This is something so great it could change the course of history.  And all you have to do is lead me to Lil. He hoped mentioning her name would persuade them.
I dont care about history.  I want the sentry that put us here!  The Mog growled showing his teeth and showering Eli with droplets of the beasts spit. He wiped his face and smiled at the Mog.
That can be arranged, Eli said in his most convincible tone.
The Mog looked at him for a moment then turned to the other two.  Growls and grunts came from their huddle.  Eli wished he could understand what they were saying.  Minutes went by and he grew impatient waiting for their decision.
Come on, I dont have all day, Eli prodded as he paced the floor.
Eli turned to find the Mog peering at him through the bars.  Startled, he jumped with the Mogs smiling face staring back at him.  At least he thought it was a smile. It was hard to tell with their sharp teeth and flaring nostrils that looked more like a snarl.
Fine, let us out, the Mog said.
We have a deal then?  Eli asked confirming it.
Yes we want a sentrys blood in our mouth, the Mog replied.
And you will track her for me?
We are good at tracking, we can find her easily.
Eli looked at them for a moment knowing this was his last chance at finding Lil. He had to trust them.  From his pocket, he took out a small black disk.  It had been years since he was actually a sentry and hoped it worked or he would be hunted by three angry Mogs.  Quickly, he slid it across the lock.  With a quiet click, the door swung open.  The beasts came out, walked past Eli, and peered at the darkened stairwell.
Your word!  Eli demanded thinking they were going to leave.
The lead Mog turned to Eli with crescent glowing eyes and a faint rumble vibrating from the beasts throat.  Placing his hand on a small dagger, he had under his cloak, Eli held it out in front of him towards the Mog.  The beast gave a deep, raspy chuckle with the other two behind joining in.
Do you think a Fae piece of cutlery is going to stop us?  The towering beast snarled.
Your promise you have better keep.  I am not afraid to use my training in magic.  That was a lie.  Eli had not even an ounce of magic running through him.  His confident tone said otherwise.
No exiled sentry can do magic, and I do believe your blood would satisfy my thirst for revenge.  The Mog bent down and advanced towards Eli.
Eli backed up with his insignificant dagger pointed at the towering Mog.  Six silver eyes glared at him.  He was cornered at his own doing.  Elis desperation cost him his life he thought with the Mogs slowly coming closer.  He was not good at negotiations and he had better master the art quickly.  He had been in tighter situations than this he thought trying to calm himself.  He had to come with something quick.  
Magic isnt something a sentry loses, a voice said to the right of Eli, and can be used as he wishes.  The voice had a ring of authority to it that caught the Mogs attention for a moment.
Eli could only see a shadowy figure standing in the middle of the cell beside him.  His crumpled shape slowly emerged from the darkness.  Shadows covered his true identity as the advancing Mogs paid no attention to the man Eli gazed at.  
Go on sentry, show them who the boss is here, the man prodded in an almost amused voice. 
Who are you?  Eli had to inquire, now pinned against the slimy dungeon wall.
The man didnt answer as the lead Mog with gleaming eyes, claws extended, and sharp teeth all in view and ready to sink into his flesh.  Eli had nowhere to go thinking this was the end.  He extended his small dagger in front of him hoping to at least poke one of the Mogs eyes out.  Closing his eyes, Eli waited for the impact.  But instead of razor sharp teeth, fur and claws digging into him, he felt nothing.
Still holding his dagger in front of him, Eli slowly opened his eyes and saw the two remaining Mogs.  A fine, grey, glittering dust covered Eli and the ground around him.  The lead Mog had simply turned to dust.  They stood wide eyed with a baffled look on their face.  Eli equally surprised, looked over to the man standing beside him shrouded in darkness.
I suggest you two listen to this powerful sentry or become dust yourself, the man said retreating to the shadows when Eli stepped closer to the cell.
Who are you?  Whats your name?  Eli asked peering into the blackness.
I save your skin and now you demand to know my name? the man replied in an insulted, hushed whisper as commotion of guards echoed in the stairwell.  I suggest you goI would hate to see you use any more magic on your once comrades.
Eli wanted to know who this man was and take him along.  Looking at the Mogs who stood side by side as if waiting for orders reminded Eli for a split moment of his past sentry days. That time was gone and he had no one to blame but himself.  He had to save the man who helped him.  He reached into his pocket, but his disk was gone.  Eli jerled on the cell door rattling it until dust settled around them.
What are you doing?!  The man yelled.  Go or you will be joining me! 
Reluctantly, Eli had to go to save his own skin.  He ordered the Mogs to go up the stairwell and take out any sentry in the way.  They seemed glad to do this as Eli turned one last time to the man whose face was voided in blackness. 
Find her!  He yelled out before retreating to the shadows, find Lil!
Despite the urgency to leave the prison, Eli was more intrigued to speak to the man rather than make a quick escape.
Do you know her?  Eli asked with no reply.  The man was gone absorbed into the darkness.  I said do you know her?  The man appeared to have vanished into thin air.
Eli had no choice but to leave the ghost of a man behind.  He knew her name or actually one of her alias.  Lils plot thickened the more he dug.  Eli knew she wouldnt leave a straight path to find her.  He wasnt about to give up no matter how many twist and turns she threw at him.
Eli followed the Mogs bloody trail until he reached the street above.  More sentries would come and he ordered the two Mogs to run as fast as they could into the dreaded Shimmerick woods.  Not many would enter as all who did, were at the forests mercy.  Believed to be a gathering place of everything evil, Eli knew different.  Its just a forest shrouded in mystery and folklore.  Once he was out of prison, he spent many nights there in hiding and sure that those who were after him thought the forest would take care of him and they were right.  Still steeped in superstition, the sentries wouldnt venture here.  He could regroup and make his plan with a new army.

Eli kept up with the Mogs until he ordered them to stop.  They stood side by side.  Eli looked at them.  Their eyes were round and black, not silver disks of venom, their tawny mane that encircled their lion- like face gently floated in the breeze making it look silky and soft.  Now, they looked like somewhat gentle creatures, reasonable to deal with.  With the help of magic, that is.  
Eli wondered about the man in the dungeon and if he knew his intentions.  The man must know Lil well enough to know what he is after.  He had vanished into thin air, dissolved a very large Mog into dust and that could only point in one direction as his identityhe had to be a sorcerer of some sort, or maybe a warlock.
Eli didnt have time to deal with it right now.  He had to find Lil and his tracking machine stood before him.
What does master want us to do now?  One of the Mogs asked in a rough voice.
Eli gazed up at them.  I want you to track the owner of this. Eli took from the side pouch a leather shoe, delicate and unadorned with a pointed toe.
The Mogs naturally good at tracking, bent down took in a deep breath inhaling her scent that reminded Eli of lilacs.  He wasnt sure if the Mogs interpreted her like that, but he couldnt help to think of how she felt in his arms.  Quickly, he put the boot away along with his remaining memories of the past.
We know of her.  Shes in the Etherworld, the Mog said.
The Etherworld?  Eli said turning from them.
A distant land of Faeish past, the Etherworld was a place they once thrived until magic was discovered.  It isnt spoken of much and deemed an undesirable place to spend much time in. Etherworlders are not the same creed of the superior Fae. Fae are the holders of all magical implements and therefore chosen, superior and unbreakable.  It was the Fae who controlled the magic. Etherworlders had no business with it.  Their ignorance and misuse of the element was put to a stop by the Fae who hid it.  The Fae used it to create their world sealed from Ehterworlders.  The rest is nothing more than myth and legend for Etherworlders.  A perfect place to hide, Eli thought with a curled smile.  
Lil was always associating with all sorts of creatures and Fae society.  She had many allies as well as enemies.  Eli felt he fell somewhere in the middle of that spectrum.  He had to push his feeling away and focus on finding her and making things right.
Take me to her.  Eli commanded.
The Mog with the lighter mane smiled slightly, grasped Eli by the back collar, and hoisted him up onto his back.  Eli nearly fell off the other side and only managed to hang on by clutching the beasts fur. 
Hang on Master!  The Mog yelled jolting into the darkness of the low limbed forest.
Eli had never ridden a Mog before but knew to hang on tight.  The sharp, precise movements around trees and boulders were razor sharp.  The Mogs stamina didnt quit until sunrise. They stopped at the forest edge.  Eli dismounted, his muscles aching from hanging on so long, but it was worth it.  He looked over a ruined city hed never seen before.  
Ancient stones crumbled to the ground in the quiet landscape that once looked as though it housed hundreds of Fae in its deteriorating grand structures.
Where are we?  Eli asked looking at the grey stones.
The First City, The lighter mane Mog said.
Arrinia, Eli said looking at the ruins, The First City of Fae.
Eli had never seen it, but heard of its existence.  It was the first city build by the escaping Faes from the Etherworld.  Magic ran wild creating the lands for them that they learned to live in.  Now, Eli was looking at a fabled legend of Faeish past and it was real.  
Lil knew of this place and never told me.  Eli clenched his fists controlling a ping of anger that flowed through him.
She knows lots of things, the lighter mane Mog said.  The portal is over there.
Eli followed the Mogs extended talon towards an arched stone sculpture.  It sat in the middle of the ruins untouched by time or weather.  Eli walked closer to it with the Mogs behind him.  There were no markings on the grey stones, but something radiated from it. 
Humming filled his ears, the ground beneath his feet trembled slightly, Eli looked at the arch feeling it was filled with life; almost a being of its own.  
It leads to the Etherworld.  Eli stated looking up at the oblivious Mogs.  We are at a threshold between worlds.
Eli shook his head at their blank expressions.  He couldnt expect Mogs to understand what was before them.  Lil was there in the Etherworld and what she had he wanted not only to save her, but destroy something before it blossomed.  Eli looked at the simple arch, the gateway to a world forgotten, and now lived with the fables of its very own past.
Take me to her.  He stated.
Eli again was placed on the back of the Mog and before he could say a word they jolted through the arch with a blinding light into the Etherworld.
Lyssa
Lyssa Cleverthorn had never been to a funeral before in any of her seventeen years.  Shed never thought of going to one either.  Its something thats supposed to happen to old people, not someone her own age.
The diminutive town of Briarwood, Illinois was shaken to its core just a few days ago when a girls body was found along the marshy banks of a slough off the Mississippi River.  She was badly beaten and almost torn to pieces that dental records had been used for identification. 
Rumors flew like squawking blackbirds through town.  Everything from drug trafficking to relations with the mob was speculated by the towns people.  The authorities quickly came to the conclusion that it was a mountain lion attack.
Mountain lions are the big rage now and said to be just a rumor, but large tracks had been found and livestock attacked proved otherwise.  The girl was simply in the wrong place at the wrong timea victim. The town where you could leave your door unlocked at night or parents letting their children run around freely has ceased.  A blanket of uncertainty had wrapped around the community. 
Lyssa dressed in a pair of black pants and a crinkly black shirt looked outside from her second story bedroom window.  She usually loved this time of year.  Trees changing into brilliant oranges, reds and yellows are the mark of autumn.  A grim presence has replaced the fondness she once had for this changing season.
Stepping away from the window, she looked at herself in the mirror.  Lyssa pulled up her curly, shoulder length, brown and very unruly hair with a rhinestone clip allowing a few wild strands to hang freely.  She put more powder on her pale skin and tried to cover the hundreds of thousand freckles that she hatedevery last one of them.  Even when told they were Angel Kisses by Zoey, her dads ex-girlfriend couldnt convince her.  No matter how much she liked Zoey.
The funeral wouldnt start for another hour.  Lyssa plopped on her bed and looked up at the grey sky through her skylight.  She missed Zoey.  Lyssa could talk to her about anything just like a real mom. 
Lyssas mother died when she was just a tiny baby.  A house fire claimed her, only Lyssa and her dad were spared.  With her mother gone before she even knew her, a black void was always there waiting to be filled.  She thought Zoey was that filling, but like all the others, she left too.
Holding onto a worn out teddy bear, Lyssa decided to comfort herself by going through her moms in chronological order. 
Julie was a teacher who helped her through grade school, Samantha a hairstylist that showed Lyssa how to do hair and make-up, Rebecca a chef that now has her own restaurant in New York told her all things are possible if you want them and gave her one recipe on how to make wicked good apple turnovers. The last of her moms was Zoeyeverything she ever wanted in a mom.
Zoey had no special degree or important job.  She liked to sing, tell stories and go on walks.  She listened to Lyssa no matter how stupid it was or insignificant.  Zoey seemed to relish it, living each day as if it was the last until one day it was.  
A note left on the kitchen counter explained unresolved issues from Zoeys past had to be dealt with and shed be back soon.  That had been a year ago.  Lyssa didnt hate her for this.  All of her moms left at one point, but she felt a piece of her was gone, incomplete and left to die on the vine.  Lyssa would survive though, as she always did.
Her dad is what you would just call a father figure.  He didnt play ball with her when she was little and barely made it to any school functions when she was grade school.  He provided the necessary material things, but something about him seemed distant.  
He was never meanjust never there and a perfect equation for the freedom every sixteen year old craves.  That would be great, but Lyssa wanted something more.  She wanted the connection that never sparked between father and daughter. 
Why couldnt he have just hung on to Zoey and she might still be here.  Maybe he had so many girlfriends for her benefit, to teach her things he couldnt.  Did he care that much? Talking to her dad was like talking to the refrigerator.  It opened and the light was on, but it was always cold and just functionalnothing more. 
The hour of reflection had come to an end and Lyssa went downstairs.  She put on her black wool pea coat Samantha gave her.  Every girl has to have one because it goes for about every occasion Samantha told her.  This was the first occasion shes wearing it to.   Lyssa then walked into the cool autumn air.  Grey clouds lingered refusing to give way to the brilliant blue underneath it.
Lyssas house was on the edge of city limits where it opens to the rural areas surrounding Briarwood.  Her rugged A frame house with a split rail fence was surrounded by thousands of flowers, shrubs and other flowering things.  Her dad was obsessed with plants or actually whatever blooms or has leaves.  She often wished her dad would treat her like he did his plantswith love and nurturing.  But Lyssa ist a plant and has no leaves.
The funeral home was a few blocks away, but she made it in good time.  It was crowded as expected.  She got in line to get in where it was standing room only. 
Bright flowers blanketed the inside in contrast to the black clothed sea of people.  It was dimly lit and pictures of the girl slowly shifted on a large T.V.  Pictures shifted from family, friends, school events, her pets, to vacations all of them she was smiling.  It appeared to Lyssa she had a full life that was cut short.  She didnt really know the girl personally, but seen her at school and she always seemed happy.  I would be happy to die if I had an ounce of her family life.  Lyssa thought to herself, even though it was morbid. 
Mournful gasps, along with soft crying, mingled with the gentle music playing overhead.  Lyssa couldnt cry for the girl even though she felt bad that shed never go to college, have a family of her own and grow old with someone she loved.  Lyssa opened the folded piece of paper she was given when she came in.  The girls picture was on the front and inside told about how she enjoyed basketball, cheerleading, animals and 4-H.  Her name was Lynsay Montgomery and she was too young to die.
Lyssa stood in the back as she saw people from her class. A quiet somber filled the air.  Alone, and quietly tilting her head down as prayers were spoken and stories fondly remembering the girl said with sobs of sadness and poems trying to give comfort to those who suffer her loss.  Lyssa felt bad but couldnt cry.  She didnt know the girl very well and really doesnt belong to any of the cliques at school.  Shes like the weird, dark colored puzzle piece that you know doesnt belong to the beach scene puzzle, but to some other puzzle.  Lyssa has yet to find that box and she is beginning to think she will never will.
Suddenly she felt eyes on her.  Lifting her head she glanced to the right then left to find the most magnificent green eyes looking at her.  They held her for only a moment and then like a summer cloud drifting across the sky, they leave her with a bag of mixed emotions.  
Those mysterious pools of green eyes belong to Toby.  Her face flushed and hormones raced.  She has liked him for a long time and before her emotions got away she remembered where she was ata funeral of a girl her age.
Lyssa pulled her eyes away and glanced at the ground.  She then lifted her eyes to Toby one more time as subtle as she could.  He wasnt looking at her so she lets her eyes rest on him for a moment longer.  
His hair was the color of chocolate and his eyes look like uncut gems that leave you mesmerized.  Lyssa never talked to him, but lately she had caught him looking at her in not just a casual way, but something different.  
She looked one more time at Toby hoping to catch him in a glance.  Instead, her eyes met with his girlfriend, Megan.  She was blonde, popular and beautiful.  Lyssa quickly looked away.  She could never compete with her.
Lyssa discretely moved closer to the exit and left, but not before she said a small prayer for the girl who she couldnt cry for.  She wasnt sure if she felt wrong for not crying, but she still felt the same sorrow for the girl and her family.  With a silent amen she left into the grey covered sky.
She couldnt stop thinking about Toby.  How their eyes met in the most sudden and enchanting way that could lead to conversation, but never did.  Its just as well.  Toby is beautiful and perfect along with his beautiful and perfect girlfriend.  They are Barbie and Ken and she is the generic, spinoff of a dime store Barbie with the dumb expression on her face, not nice like the genuine one.  Shes a Barbie wannabe.  Lyssa put her thoughts away.  She had to think of something else to cool her emotions.  She still hadnt planned anything for dinner yetthat would take the edge off her feelings as well as doing the dishes afterwards.  
The clouds thickened letting a few drops of rain fall to the ground.  A large drop went splat right on top of Lyssas head.  It ran down the back of her neck making her shiver. She pulled her coat tighter. The well-manicured lawns, paved roads and security of people close by gave way to fenced pasture grounds and slightly brushy areas with tall grass and a thicket of thorny hedge trees now lined the road. 
Lyssa house was more than a block away.  Distant thunder rumbled threatening the promise of rain.  Lyssa feared her wool pea coat would be ruined if she got caught in the rain.  Quickening her pace, she thought she heard the patter of feet behind her.  She stopped, looked around and saw nothing.  Again, another raindrop plopped on her head.  Again from behind a warning of something more than just thundersomething was in the tall swaying grass. 
Growling erupted from the thick timber.  Lyssa couldnt see what it was, but it was coming in her direction.  The strengthening wind broke a dead limb that was quickly swallowed by the tall delicate grass. More growls and what she thought must be paws of an animal thumped on the ground.  Her heart pounded in her chest.  Whatever it was definitely was coming after her and all she could think was mountain lion. 
Reports of Lynsay Montgomerys death ran through her head.  Her body was practically mauled, only identified through dental records, Lyssas dad who never paid any attention to her, would he even know she was gone?  Only if there was no food in the house.  
She ran as fast as she could in her slightly heeled boots.  Her run felt like she was in a nightmare when you couldnt run any faster than a walk no matter how hard you tried.  Rain began to come down in a steady pace.  
She didnt look behind her, only kept her eyes fixed on the road and then her front door.  The patter of feet thumped like a heart behind her throwing gravel into the air with each step.  With her door in sight, she turned the knob thankful she forgot to lock it and slammed it shut.  
Leaning against it she caught her breath.  Everything was quiet except for the rain outside.  Lyssa felt stupid and shook her head laughing slightly at her own imagination.  Why would a mountain lion be in this area anyhow?  They like seclusion, to be sneaky and not seen by people.  Her and her stupid scaredy cat imagination.  Then something thumped on the door.  Lyssa held her breath and whatever it was began to scratch desperately.  The scratching stopped followed by a pitiful meow.
Beyonc, Lyssa said opening the door to her tabby cat.
She picked up Beyonc scratching her head as she purred.  Sorry kitty, she said letting the cat down. 
The cat jolted as soon as Lyssa let go of her.  A cold wind gust funneled through the open door, Lyssa turned to shut it when all she seen was fur, teeth and claws coming at her.  She fell to the hard wood floor with a thud.  She would have screamed, but the air had been knocked from her lungs.
Eli
The Body of Lynsay Montgomery was found Sunday along the banks of the Mississippi River.  Her body brutally mutilated by what authorities believe was an animal attack.  The town of Briarwood mourns for such a young life lost and police are searching for the animal that had done this.  Police warn residents to take precautions especially with small pets and children.  Eli read from an old discarded newspaper.  Animal attack, he said questioning the papers words.
Stop with the language of Etherworldsers!  It hurts our ears!  The Mog held his head in about the spot his ears would be.
Please dont torture us!  The lighter mane Mog said.
Eli looked at them holding their heads and slightly moaning.  He let the paper go floating to the litter covered ground.  Looking around at the overgrown landscape of weeds and twisted trees dotted with loose bits of paper, boxes and other unidentifiable things, some fresh and some half rotting, Eli thought Etherworlers are dirty beings with little regard to their homes.  How could they do such a thing to their very own home?  He had better hopes for them, but his first impression was that they simply dont care.  He didnt either; he was here for only one thing.
You idiots, Eli said bringing the Mogs superstition induced ailment to an end.  This is the same language as the Fae. It wont hurt you.  The Mogs slowly removed their hands from their heads.
Do you still have her scent?  Eli asked getting back to business.
It,s faint, but goes in that direction.  They both pointed behind Eli.
Eli turned and went up the steep incline to the crest on the hill.  A forest sat in front of him all thick and untamed.  The littered ground seemed to only be contained within the hole they stood in.  At least Etherworlders keep their rubbish in one place and didnt live in it.  For a moment he wondered about them, did they have any Faeish qualities to them?  Were there any influences that they hung on to all of these years or were the Fae just a myth to them now?  Eli wanted to ponder this, but his business was with Lil and getting back what he had set out to get.  
Follow it.  Eli commanded as the lighter mane Mog smiled whisked him off his feet and onto its back.
Eli clung to the thick haired Mog.  The Mogs darted around trees, crisscrossed paths like they were enjoying themselves.  They were more likely trying to get rid of him hoping a low branch would come in contact with his head.  He would have to put a stop to their reckless travel.
The forest became less dense and Eli ordered them to stop.  He got off and looked around wondering if he was close to the Etherworlders village, city or whatever living arrangements they had built themselves.  
Suddenly, a single voice echoed in the distance caught his attention.  The voice was masculine in sound and seemed to be addressing a large group of Ehterworlders from his tone.  Eli followed the voice until he barely came to the forests edge.  They were dressed in black and a group of them were carrying a large wooden box.  They embraced one another, crying and throwing flowers on the box as it went by.  Eli took a step back and looked at the scene in front of him.  The ground covered in rows of grey stones with markings on them, the wooden box and flowers.  
The scent was strong here master.  It is gone now, The lighter mane Mog said stepping forward.
Eli motioned for to step back as he took one last look at the funeral procession.  Faes did the same thing only they committed their dead to the ground in a different way.  Compassion must still exist between Etherworlders, Eli turned away looking up at the Mogs.
Find another scent.  I want her, Eli said determined to stop at nothing. 
Toby
Toby looked around to see if Lyssa was still there.  Her petite stature was easily swallowed up by the gauntly dressed people.  He tried to be discreet so Megan wouldnt notice.  After about a half an hour, he realized Lyssa mustve gone.  
 Looking down at Megans hand interlocked with his, he wondered what was wrong with him.  Lyssa Cleverthorn was a quiet, short and plain Jane of a girl, that is until he looked into her eyes.  
It was English Lit, and for no reason he looked back at her.  Their eyes met on cue.  Lyssas eyes were the color of a summer blue sky, the kind of day so nice; you wish you could bottle it up and open in the middle of winter.  It was a poetic thought and appropriate for Lit class, but it went deeper than that.  Toby felt a string, thin and delicate as a spiders silk connected them.  
He looked at her in a new light.  Her hair had a reddish cast of copper flecks, especially in the sun, her delicate frame reminded Toby of his mothers figurines of fairies that she had in her curio cabinet.
 Lyssa wasnt like the girls he usually dated with make-up always on and perfect, the clothes they wore were skin tight and revealing, pushing the dress code to the limit.  Lyssa didnt fit the mold, but something deeper got his attention when he looked into her eyes.
Toby tried so many times to stop, but couldnt, something spark in him and he had no control over it.  He closed his eyes erasing her image and looked over at Megan to replace it.  She smiled at him as he looked her up and down.
Lets go, Megan whispered in his ear.
Go where?  Toby asked whispering in her ear and smelling her sweet perfume.
If you have to ask  Megan playfully said running her finger down the front of his shirt allowing it to fall short of the top button of his pants.

Heron Lakes blue water reflected the oranges, reds and yellows of the trees framing it.  The park is a major attraction for people during the summer with fishing, boating, and swimming.  Now is sits vacant and quiet, perfect for couples in love to make love without being disturbed. 
 Toby parked his truck overlooking Lake Heron on one of the many lookout points.  Megan slid her hand over his arm and started to unbutton his shirt.  Gently she kissed his stomach making it tickle slightly under her touch.  This usually excited him, but his mind was a million different personalities away from Megan.  
Toby thought Megan was the perfect girlfriend, tall, blonde, a hot body and willing to have sex at the drop of a hat.  He had only dated a few girls before Megan and she was nothing like them.  She had something different that he couldnt place.  It was in her voice, the way she walked and the way she barely touched his skin that electrified him.  She made the first advances and like a little lap dog, Toby went along with whatever Megan wanted.  He didnt know why and it irked him that she had that power over him.  He simply couldnt say no. Until only a few weeks ago, Megan was the only girl he really cared to look at then something changed.  Internally a match was lit one day when he looked at Lyssa.  
Oh, I almost forgot.  We are going to the movies with Jake and Ann tonight.  Pick me up at eight, Megan said with her hair nearly covering her face sitting in front of Toby.  You need a bigger truck, She said hitting her elbow on the window.
I am hanging out with Craig tonight, Toby said feeling his plans already shattered.  And my truck is just fine.  He added.
Geez, Megan said playfully.  Dont get all hissy on me.  She smiled and kissed him hard on the mouth.
Megan then started undoing his jeans, running her hand down the crease of his leg.  Normally this would be perfect, except they just came from a funeral of a classmate and with Tobys mixed emotions it just didnt feel right.
Stop, Toby finally said.
Why?  Megan asked almost insulted.
Toby ran his fingers through his hair, buttoned his shirt and gently moved Megan off of him as she huffed in protest.
We just came from a funeral, Lynsay Mongomerys funeral, Toby said starting the truck.
Yeah, well Im sorry shes dead, but she was a bitch and she always wanted you.  Megans pouty lips curled into a pouty smile.
Toby looked out the window, shook his head and put the gear lever into reverse.  He could feel Megan glare at him.  
You are so lame, Megan said defining each word as if trying to insult him. It didnt work.  He only gave a chuckle; Megan didnt even know the meaning of lame.
They rode in silence.  Toby didnt want to talk to Megan and glanced over at her a couple of times.  Sitting with her arms crossed she looked like a spoiled child.  Megan was just that a spoiled child that he had as a hot girlfriend; a trophy he could show off.  Yeah the sex was great, but he needed something more than that.  For the first time in Tobys life being shallow wasnt deep enough.
Megan left with a slam of the door and Toby left with his tires spinning gravel.  The more he thought of Megan the more he began to not like her even though she was good looking.  She was selfish and heartless not to mention cold.  He knew Lynsay liked him and he knew Megan hated her, but to say something bad about her was disrespectful.  Toby couldnt stand it anymore.  Driving around town he stopped and got something to drink at Wild Bills Gas Station and drove some more.
 His aimless drive led to where the pavement ends and the openness of pasture grounds replace the cookie cutter ranch style homes that sit all in neat rows.  He had been thinking about Lyssa more and more wondering what she was like.  She was mysterious and quiet, uncharted ground for Toby who never really had a relationship based on anything but sex, drinking and partying.  She was none of this and for some reason captivated him.  In front of a Yield sign he looked down the desolate, gravel road that led to Lyssas house.
Lyssa
Lyssa screamed with her hands pushing against the animal.  A very wet and sandpaper like tongue ran over her cheek.  The beast that chased her all the way down the gravel road was Sam the yellow, three legged lab that belonged to her neighbor.  He was only a puppy when he lost his leg when the mailmans truck ran him over and is none the slower as a result of it. 
 Lying on the floor Lyssas heart raced at the sound of Sams feet scratching against the floor.  Lyssa put her hands to her forehead knowing shed better get the cat chasing dog before he destroyed the house.
Lyssa are you O.K.?  A concerned voice said in front of her.
Quickly removing her hand she looked up at the most mesmerizing pair of green eyes.  Did she hit her head too hard or was Toby really standing in front of her?  She could feel her face flush with blood and then jumped to her feet with her heart pounding.  Lyssa didnt know what to say as she stood with gaping mouth and dog slobbers on her cheek.
Toby, His name felt good rolling off her tongue.  What are you doing here?  Lyssa felt confused enchantment take over.
Toby looked baffled like she was asking him a trick question.  I was, umm, just, uh, driving by and seen your door open.
Lyssa was filled with everything going on around her.  She could hear the drama of the cat and dog chase behind her and ignored it staring into Tobys eyes.  He looked really good in black with his broad shoulders and slightly wavy brown hair the color of a Herseys Kiss.
You might want to get your dog, Toby said pointing behind her.
He isnt mine; hes the neighbors dog, Lyssa corrected him just before the crashing of glass broke not only a vase but the enchantment Toby had on her.
Lyssa turned to see Beyonc clinging to the curtain, claws embedded into the thick material with Sam barking beneath her declaring victory.  
Sam!  Lyssa yelled getting the dogs attention.
Grabbing the leash she kept for emergencies like this, she went over to Sam who sat on the floor with big, innocent, brown eyes.
Bad dog, she said putting the leash around Sams neck.
Lyssa looked back towards the door at Toby who stood looking at her.  Why had Toby come to her house now?  Just driving by and seen her door open isnt something that needs investigating.  Lots of people leave their door open.  
Do you need any help?  He asked stepping in and petting Sam.
Well, you could hold Sam for a moment while I pry my cat from the curtain, Lyssa said handing him the leash. She was embarrassed, but what was she going to do.
Her hand glided past his and in that one moment she felt a spark run through her.  Quickly she turned from him and paw by paw releasing Beyonc from the curtain. The tabby cat ran off and hid with only one bark from Sam.
Thanks, Lyssa said taking the leash from Toby.
So does this happen a lot?  He waved his finger in the air.
Only when Sam gets the urge to chase my cat, Lyssa said petting Sam behind the ears which led to him rolling to the ground belly up, legs bent expecting a belly rub.
Sam!  Lyssa said pulling on the leash.  Get up boy.
The dog didnt listen even when she pulled on the leash.  Lyssa was embarrassed as Sam lay on the floor not listening.  She usually played with him a little before taking him home, but with Toby there she felt like dragging him out.  Lyssa continued to pull on the leash telling the stubborn dog to get up. 
Come on Sam, Toby suddenly said walking towards the door.
The dog listened to the command without hesitation.  Lyssa stood baffled.  Toby could have any girl at school, was liked by teachers and perfectly gorgeous.  Now he can make deaf command dogs listen in a heartbeat.  
You just have to make them listen to you, Toby said with a smile.
You were just lucky, Lyssa said with a slight scowl not knowing why she did.
They took Sam outside, Toby handed her the leash, their eyes met.  Sam sat beside Toby with his tongue hanging out watching them to see what would happen next.  Lyssa wondered the same thing only she kept her tongue in her mouth.
I have to get Sam home, Lyssa said breaking the silence.  Thanks for helping me him. 
No problem.  I was glad I drove by, Toby said as he put the tailgate down.  Do you want a ride to your neighbors house?  We can put Sam in the back of the truck.
No he hates vehicles, Lyssa said looking down at his three legs.  He lost his leg to the mailmans truck a long time ago and you cant get him to ride in a truck.  No sooner had she said that than Sam bolted for the truck jumped in and looked back at Lyssa as Toby petted him.  She wasnt buying Sam any more dog treats with her own money again.
Lyssa stood amazed eating her own words as Toby laughed.
It isnt funny.  Sam is scared of vehicles.  Ive never seen him ride in one. Lyssa looked at the tail wagging dog that had leaped into the truck bed.
Get in, Toby said with a wave of his hand.  Was she supposed to leap in the vehicle as well?  This unexpected event had her confused, angered and absolutely astatic.  
Lyssa got in the truck feeling like she shouldnt.  The lingering smell of Megans perfume was a reminder that Toby had a girlfriend and Lyssa wasnt it.  Toby was just driving by saw an open door, investigated it, helped her with Sam who made a fool out of her and that was it.  Surely she had just entered an alternate world and was living a different version of Lyssa Cleverthorns life.  
I take it that Sam is Mr. Johnsons dog.  Toby asked letting his truck creep down the road.
Oh, yeah, Sam, he belongs to Mr. Johnson.  Lyssa is still a nerd even if this is her alternate life.
Mr. Johnson is an old man with a large garden and lives by himself.  His wife died a few years ago and now he grows produce to sell at the local farmers market.  Pulling up in front of a two story, white farm house, Sam leaped from the truck to greet his owner.  Dressed in bib overalls and a ball cap advertising seed corn, Mr. Johnson waved at Toby and Lyssa as Sam barked at them.  
Darkness slowly crept in turning the sky to indigo blue mixed with fiery oranges.  Everything about this day seemed not real to Lyssa.  Lynsay Montgomery funeral, Sam scaring her and now Toby coming to her house to help her with the neighbors dog; everything was surreal.  
Sam is an amazing dog; you know only having three leg, Toby said suddenly evidentially thinking about Sam.
Yeah, hes an amazing dog.  She replied thinking of the glass she had to clean up when she got homeamazing.
It was a sad funeral.  Toby continued.  Its going to be weird to not see Lynsay at school.
Lyssa looked at Toby.  She really didnt know her, but just being around someone your own age who is now gone is weird. 
Yeah, it doesnt seem possible.  The whole town has change,. Lyssa said keeping the conversation going even though it involved the grim topic of death.
Do you ever buy any of Mr. Johnsons strawberries?  Toby suddenly asked.
I usually help pick them and they are pretty good,  Lyssa replied feeling the conversations was like being on roller coaster.  
Lyssa looked over at Toby and smiled and then out the window watching her house go by.
Hey, dont forget to drop me off!  Lyssa was jolted forward when Toby slammed the brakes on.
She sat up and realized she smacked her head on the dash.  Gingerly she touched her forehead and felt a bump already.
Are you alright?  Toby asked turning to her.
Fine, she said getting out of the truck quickly.  Thanks for the ride.
She began to walk up her sidewalk when from nowhere came a large blackened figure.  She screamed at the same time the figure had its hands raised and growled at her.  Just as fast as it came out of the bush it was laughing at her removing the rubber werewolf mask from his head.
That was perfect!  Craig said bending slightly and laughing at her.  Perfect.
Craig was tall with short blonde hair that stood out from his black clothes.  His broad stature skidded past Lyssa to Tobys truck.
I thought you were coming to my house.  I had to follow you here.  Whats up?  Craig said getting in the truck.
Lyssa could see Toby lean over and look as though he was going to say something to her, but before he did Lyssa quickly went into her house and locked the door.  She could hear Tobys truck drive away.  It was nothing more than a prank Lyssa thought.  Why else would Toby Winslett bother to come by her house?  
Lyssa cleaned up the glass, made dinner that she ate alone and then went upstairs to get a shower.  She looked at herself in the mirror. A small bruise looked back at her that she got in Tobys truck.

Chapter Two
Eli
Eli found an abandoned structure that looked as though it couldve fallen down any minute.  Wood planks covered the sides were half torn off opening to the thick woods that surrounded them.  He thought it would be best to stay hidden as much as possible during the day and track the scent at night.  
He sat on the floor watching the Mogs who had curled into a giant sleeping ball of fur.  He couldnt tell where one began and the other ended.  
Eli grew tired himself.  It had been at least two days since he had a nights sleep.  The Mogs would start as soon as darkness fell.  In the meantime, he would listen for any Etherworlders that might come upon them.  
But everything was quiet, warm and peaceful.  Eli found himself nodding off and jerked his head up rubbing his eyes and even pinching himself to stay awake.

Eli knew he was in a dream when he saw Lil in front of him.  He didnt want to wake up.  He must have fallen asleep and knew it was risky, but the smell of lilacs filled his senses.
Remember the Gardens of Avalon?  Lil said standing in front of him picking with her delicate hands a sprig of lilacs.
Is that where we are?  Eli asked.
No.
We are in a dream, Eli said looking around.
You are in a dream.  She smiled.  You gave me the name Lil, remember.
Yes.  Eli remembered how she felt in his arms, the connection they had with each other.
You also gained something else in those gardens, she said stepping away.
What was it?  Eli asked watching her image of red gold hair and green eyes fade from his vision.  Wait!  Eli reached for her dissolving phantom image.

Traveling with Mogs these days Eli?  A voice asked bringing Eli to his feet as he drew his dagger.
Whos there?  Eli asked looking around.
Disoriented, Eli stood like a drunken Fae holding his dagger.  Slowly from a darkened corner emerged a Fae Eli knew.  Dressed in a dark suit that shifted from black to dark blue depending how you moved was a coal black haired Fae with an I got you grin on his face.
How did you find me Deravon?  Eli asked putting away his dagger.
Deravons thin lips curled into an amused smile walking towards Eli.
All the Sentries are looking for you.  I could bring you in and collect the reward but the Muse brothers pay me better, so I am working for them today.  Lucky you!  Deravon said looking Eli up and down.  Youve really let yourself go, havent you?  
Not as much as you.  Eli retorted.  Look, Im not here to talk about the past.  I am trying to get the Everspell and Im close, Eli said as Deravon took notice of the two Mogs.
By using Mogs as your tracking device, he said raising his eyebrows.  How did you ever get them to cooperate without fighting among themselves on how they were going to kill you?  
Eli didnt answer.  He only looked coldly at Deravon.
Fine, keep it your secret, Deravon said stepping back towards the large opening where a door once was.  The Muse brothers expect to have it in their hands in two days.  I suggest you hurry, they dont like delinquent payments on their investments and I believe you owe them a lot he said exiting into the darkness with the fading echo of his laugh.
Eli turned running his hands through his sandy blonde hair.
By the way, Deravon poked his head back in as Eli, startled, began to draw his dagger.  You looked so much cuter when youre not so stressed out.  Tell you what, I will make a deal with the Muse brothers to take it easy on you.  I wouldnt want your adorable little face to get hurt, Deravon said as he puckered his lips into a kiss before being swallowed again by the darkness.
Deravon was gone before Eli could take a swat at him.  How he would love to take a few hits at him.  Deravon was a snake in a garden.  He worked for the queen as a mock Sentry at the Palace. He simply stood outside looking intimidating as he stood at the Palace gates. 
Visiting Faes from all over would take pictures with him. He had the good looks of an ideal Sentry and Eli guessed thats why they chose him.  Eli knew that he also had links to the Muse brothers and profited greatly from them.  They were the ones who helped Eli escape from prison.  They wanted the Everspell and Eli was their only connection to it. 
 It was Deravon who told the Muses that Eli could get it for them. The deal was made and Eli was their retriever not to mention in debt to them.  It was either die in prison for thievery or takes a chance with a powerful figure of Avalon.  At least he had a chance now. The Everspell, is an ancient power and something as wrong as the Muses, shouldnt have.  Eli vowed to himself that they never would.
Get up!  Eli demanded nudging the Mogs with his foot.
They growled as their eyes opened and glowed focusing on Eli.  He stepped back thinking maybe he shouldve woken them a little more gently.  They stood up and looked at him.
Its dark time to get what we came for. 

The Mogs traveled all over the forest until they came to a large lake.  The moon was full and illuminated the waters below.  Bending to the ground and lifting slowly to all different levels, the Mogs inhaled the air trying to catch a scent.
Well  Eli said looking at them.
The trail is weak.  We cant tell what direction it goes in, the dark mane one said as the other walked closer to the edge of the forest again.
Ive got something!  The Mog exclaimed.
Quickly he jolted off as the other Mog threw Eli on his back and into the forest they went.  Dodging trees the terrain grew in steepness and it felt as though the land took a great dip as the star filled sky became covered with looming tree limbs.  Suddenly, the Mog stopped as they stood before a dark cave.
Eli dismounted the Mog and stood in front of them.  Both of them put their noses to the ground and then lifted them upward tilting their head to get a better whiff.  
Its being carried by the wind.  Something that was behind us is coming this way, the lighter mane Mog said looking down at Eli with glowing eyes.
I hear voices, The dark mane Mog whispered which was still loud in his rough voice.
In the cave.  Eli pointed to the mouth of the darkened hole.
They went inside huddled against the wall as voices and laughing could be heard.  Eli thought it must be several Etherworlders as he heard many different voices.  Some were male and other female.  He began to wonder if the Mogs sensitive sense of smell was working or not.  
The Etherworlders approached the mouth of the cave carrying lights with them.  Eli watched as he could see four humans walk noisily to the mouth of the cave.  They stopped right at the entrance and started a fire.  
Eli pushed back the Mogs as the light slightly broke their cover of darkness.  They laid blankets down on the ground and sat by the fire.  There were two boys and two girls.  Even though he was Fae and didnt know much of the inhabitants of the Etherworld, he could figure out what they were up to.  
He looked back at the Mogs who sheepishly looked on.  They were oblivious to this act of love because they express no affection to one another.  They also didnt lead him to the Everspell as well.  Now, Eli had a new dilemma.  How was he going to get past the love making Etherworlders? 
I dont like it here Jake, said his girlfriend.
Why its romantic, he replied kissing her.
Eli hoped they would go.  He could feel the Mogs fidget impatiently. He nudged them with his elbow to stop.  Four gleaming eyes looked back as he made a shushing sound.
But what about that creature that was around here?  The girl protested.
They caught it, he replied.
Eli shook his head wishing he had some dust to put them to sleep or a glamour suit to sneak past them unnoticed.  
I dont think they did, she said as the other girl pushed herself away and stood up.  Lets go.  We can go back to my house.
Yeah, your parents are home, he said opening a brown bottle.
The Mogs began smelling the air again and moved forward a little.  Eli thought they had caught the scent again.  
I dont care I dont like it, the other girl said joining the first.
Come on, nothing is going to happen here, the boy holding the bottle said.
The Mogs continued to move forward as Eli tried to pull them back.  He knew it would be no use.  Once a Mog had found the scent nothing was going to stop them.  
Whats that sound?  One of the girls whispered looking into the darkness.
Eli pulled harder on the Mogs.  
You idiots they hear you.  Pull back, He whispered only his command was ignored.
The four humans peered into the darkness their faces coming closer.  The Mogs continued until the one in front tripped and landed hard on the ground.  Eli stopped still hidden in the darkness he could see the girls face grow with fear of the Mog.  The Mog looked upward and with its large nostrils continued to smell until he was face to face with the Etherworld girl.
The night air filled with her piercing scream as the Mogs eyes widened.  His large pointed tooth filled mouth opened letting out a blaring scream that created its own wind blowing the girls hair.  The Mog put his talon tipped hands to his puffy mane where his ears would be and towered over the Etherworlders. 
 Eli watched the four humans run into the darkness.  Their screams and cries echoed through the forest as Eli only stood rubbing his forehead.
Cant you two listen to a command?  Were in the Etherworld.  We are not supposed to be here and being seen is the worst thing you could do.  Eli scolded.
They tried to kill me with their battle yell, The ailing Mog said in a whiney voice.  Eli looked at him as the other held something in his hand.
But look master.  I found what you were looking for.  
Lyssa

This is really good meatloaf, Lyssas dad said as she watched him eat it.  Is this one of Rebeccas recipes?
No it is one of mine that I found.  Lyssa took her plate to the sink.
Well its pretty good, he said bringing his plate to the sink.
He smiled at her as wrinkles formed around his blue eyes.  Lyssa could see how easily he could attract women.
His stature was strong and something about his presence enticed people.  They were just naturally attracted to him like a magnet.  He also had a charm that she could never quite put her finger on.  It was something in his voice or in the way the light would hit his eyes.  It was like looking into a deep pool of water trying to see the colorful stones underneath.
Dad do you think you could pick me up at Camp Westfield?  Its for my Advance Biology class remember you said you could so I dont have to ride the bus home, Lyssa said hoping he didnt forget.
Your what? he asked as he sat reading the newspaper.  I cant believe it.  They forgot to put in my advertisement this week, he said with the paper in front of his face.
Dad  Lyssa raised her voice to get his attention.  My ride you promised.
My mums are in along with my tulip bulbs and my ad isnt even in here, he said putting the paper down and getting up to put his jacket on.
Where are you going?  Lyssa asked.
To see if I can get my money back or at least get my ad in next week.  Jill is still in the office, he said opening the door.
What about my ride?  Lyssa yelled.
Yeah! he said through the slamming of the door.
Yeah youll pick me up or yeah I kinda heard you.  Lyssa looked down at her cat who only replied with a meow.  Youre right Beyonce, Ill have to remind him twenty times.  She let out a sigh and then looked at the sink full of dishes.
Lyssa washed them and then went upstairs.  Plopping on her bed she gazed up at the blackened sky.  She turned on her radio letting the music she wasnt even really listening to fill the air and wished her dad was different.
She could remember other parents taking five hundred pictures at Christmas programs theyd have each year at school or showing up for parents day when she was in kindergarten.  Other parents support and nurture their children.  Lyssas dad nurtured plants and seeds and bulbs at his garden shop called The Garden Junkie.
Lyssa could cry and feel sorry for herself, but didnt.  Yes her heart was bruised, but it had become calloused through years of being left out or forgotten not only by her father but others as well.
When she was in fifth grade they wrote to pen pals from some other school and when her classmates got their information filled letters from some distant fifth grader, Lyssa was forgotten.  She watched as the teacher passed them out one by one until there were none left.
She learned early though of her Forgotten Girl Syndrome as she called it from the age of ten.
Her fifth grade class was had a sock puppet play and Lyssa practice her line every day as her dad said he was going to be there and she wanted to impress him.  As the play went Lyssas one line was quickly snatched up by the teacher who was narrator and to put the cherry on top of her ice cream her dad didnt make it.
If Lyssa was a plant shed have to be a succulent plant called live forever.  Its thick leaves were rubbery and stored water in them when things were dry so it didnt die.  It was even strong to survive insect invasions.  Thats why it was called live forever.  It adapted to the environment it lived.

Lyssa got a shower and returned to her bedroom.  Her dad probably got sidetracked and ended up at his shop.  She sat on her bed and pulled out from her nightstand a book.  It was her journal.  She wrote in it at least once a week.  Mainly writing about school and whatever else she wanted to ramble on about since she didnt have very many friends to talk to.  This time she wrote about Toby and the whole incident that happened earlier.
It was a joke and nothing more.  Craig had scared her and she did as she always doesembarrass herself.  Her head even still hurt.
Hey, Beyonc!  She yelled at her cat jumping on her bed and practically siting on her journal.  The cat purred and rubbed her head against Lyssas hand.  O.K, I get the idea.  The cat gave a louder meow and settled next to her.  The entry to her journal wasnt going to get any better anyhow.

Lyssa lay on her bed, stroked Beyonces fur and closed her eyes for a moment.  She thought of Zoey.  If she was here they would be watching a movie or baking cookies, not the kind from scratch, but the ones that are prepackaged and somehow tasted better when Zoey made them.
Lyssa sighed and looked at the freckle that she had forever.
In the dim light she looked at the dime size, pointed leaf shape brown spot that had captivated her since she can remember.  It was on her left hand and had grown sharper edges as she had grown up too.  It looked like she had caught the leaf falling from a tree right in the center of her palm where it had fossilized just like in ancient rocks.
Zoey only smiled at her as she ran her hand over it. Lyssa still remembered how it tingled slightly when Zoey touched it taking her by surprise.  Zoey told her it would probably fade with age and to not feel embarrassed by it.  Lyssa never felt embarrassed.  It has been two years and it hadnt faded, but its edges had become more defined.  Just another oddity that inflicted her she thought to herself before turning the light out and giving into sleep with her cat purring beside her.
Eli

Thats not the Everspell, Eli stated looking at the Mog who held up a crocheted pink scarf the girl dropped.
But it reeks of the scent, the Mog said smelling it as the other joined in.
Eli turned from them wondering why it did reek of the scent.  He knew Lil had the Everspell.  The trick was to find her and she was clever enough to make many dead ends.  He could only hope he found her in two days.  He turned as the Mogs groped the scarf and one put it around its neck feeling its softness.
What are you doing?  Eli snapped.
I told him not tohuman things.  Ugh!  The non-scarf wearing one said.
The Mog pulled it off letting it slip to the ground.
Weve got to move.  Those humans have seen us and they will probably bring a mess more in search of us.
Eli let the Mogs find another scent and hoped this time it led them in the right direction.  Before they left, Eli sprinkled the last remaining undoing dust he had.  It removed just their footprints and anything else that showed they were there.  He looked at his empty bottle and wished he wouldve grabbed a spare one before he was exiled as a sentry.
Light gave way and the Mogs found many homes that had the scent.  Eli was confused as how this was possible.  
He then had them return to the woods only this time deeper to a place that looked abandoned with several cabins all locked.  Eli thought this would be a safe area.  
He wondered what Etherlings did here.  There were no furnishings that made it looked like Etherworlders stayed here for very long.  The cabins sat in a clearing in a circular pattern.  A few trees dotted around the structures with a larger building made of logs sat in the middle.  A tall metal pole was erected in front of it.  He wondered if this was some sort of training facility.  
It looked desolate enough so he tried one of the doors.  It was locked.  He went yet to another and jiggled the lock.  With a little amount of luck it opened.  He led the Mogs in as they sat on the floor.
This place seems to be abandoned and we will use it as a camp for the time being.  We have two days, Eli said pacing the floor and holding up two fingers at the Mogs so they would understand.  Two days to get the Everspell.
What does master want us to do?  The Mogs asked with his large eyes.
Track another scent.
Toby

Toby sat on the picnic table outside his house that was four blocks away from Lyssas.  He couldnt stop thinking about her.  Should he call her up?  Text her?  Drive by her house?  No, that seems kind of stalkish and after the incident with Craig, she probably didnt want to talk to him.  
He looked at the darkening sky.  Megan called him wanting to go to a party but he lied and said he was sick. She didnt seem too bothered by that.  She was probably cheating on him since she cheated on her last boyfriend with Toby.  He wouldve normally been furious and dealt with it more likely with a fight.  But then again, Megan was becoming a pain and maybe she could latch onto someone else.  
His life for the past month seemed to be dissolving into something different.  Everything was suddenly flooded in a new light.  He thought of Lyssa.  She wasnt anything like Megan.  He couldnt even have a conversation with her without it sounding like some mental case was doing the talking instead of him.  He didnt know how to talk to Lyssa.   
Toby come in it is dinner, His mom yelled from the back sliding door.
Coming, he replied.
I must say it is nice to have you for dinner on a Friday night, his mom said as he smiled at her.  Is everything alright with Megan?  She asked concerned.
Everything is fine mom, he said amused by her comment.
Was everything fine?  It was like something had triggered in him.  He couldnt place it but he kept thinking about Lyssa.  His mom went back inside as he looked at the now blackened sky.
He held in his hands a scarf that he bought from Lyssa when her art class was selling all sorts of crafts and other artsy junk to fund their trip to Chicago to go to the art museum.
  He felt the threads in each loop.  He would usually never buy such a thing, but something drew him to it. 
 Strange it was, and ever since then his curiosity of her had grown.  She was so quiet and in a unique way pretty.  She wasnt like the tall girls he usually looked for.  Lyssa was short, meek and absolutely fascinating to him.  
He joined his family for dinner and afterward went to his room.  It was Friday night.  What was wrong with him?  He should be partying, but that didnt interest him anymore.  Did he have some disease plaguing him?  He felt fine, but in a new way as if his eyes had opened for the first time he saw how he had acted in the past and how shallow that was.  
He went downstairs and sat in the living room with his mom, dad and little brother.  They were watching a nature show about monkeys.  It didnt interest him and when his mom went into the kitchen and discovered she was about out of milk, Toby jumped on the opportunity to get some more.  He could drive by Lyssa house and maybe stop by and see what she was doing.

Lyssas house was dark except for a dim light illuminating the stained glass door.  It looked kind of pretty he thought suddenly, like a jewelry box.  He shook his head.  A month ago he would never looked at a stained glass door and thought it pretty or much less drive by Lyssas house.  
He stopped his truck and looked at her house.  He would just talk to her and apologize for this afternoon.  Yes, he needed to do that and then realized hed never apologized to a girl before besides his mom.  
He went up to the door and rang the doorbell hoping she was home.
Lyssa

Lyssas head suddenly filled with a loud bell ringing.  Through her foggy mind she realized it was the doorbell.  She scurried downstairs turned on another light and went towards the door that had a tall, broad shouldered figure that seemed to keep shifting hiss weight from side to side. 
 She wasnt expecting anyone and her mind raced.  What if it was the serial murderer that the police were looking into?  She looked at the set of fireplace accessories in the living room and of course just like in the movies she grasped the fire poker.  Then again why would a serial murderer ring her doorbell?  She looked at the fire poker in her hand.  She wasnt taking any chances.
 Clinging close to the wall she stepped cautiously forward.  The figure stood fidgeting nervously and then he lifted his hand running his finger through his hair.  Toby does the same thing.  Lyssa always noticed that about him when she would discreetly glance in his direction at school.  
She went to the door and opened it to see his green eyes looking down at her.  She didnt say anything at first because her mind was too busy wondering why Toby had come back to her house.
Hi, umm Lyssa, Toby said towering over her.
She stood looking up at him.  What are you doing here Toby?  She asked wondering if this was the second half of the prank they played on her.
I just wanted to say..that..I.  He looked away from her.
This isnt a joke is it?  Lyssa asked quickly.
Toby looked at her with a soft expression.  He appeared so sincere like he was almost a different person.
Do you normally greet guests with a fire poker?  He asked pointing at the black sharp ended stick hanging visibly at her side.
Only ones that might pose a threat, Lyssa didnt really want to say that but she wasnt going to let her hormone infused emotions get away from her.
Well Im no threat, he said in a playful sarcastic tone.  Lyssa kept her expression blank.
Then why are you here?  Lyssa asked keeping to her defenses.
Toby looked like he paled as if a teacher had caught him sleeping and asked him a question in a classroom so quiet you could hear a pin drop.  He then straightened and looked at her seriously.
I came to say sorry for this afternoon, he said quickly almost blending his words together.
Lyssa only stared at him.  Why?  
He shuddered at her comment.  She thought he looked baffled and wondered if he had been drinking and was drunk.  But he looked sober and at the same time not like the Toby she had known.  Something flickered in his eyes just for a moment like flashes of lightening.
Because Craig scared you and he waswell rude, Toby said looking away.  Kind-of-rude, he said slightly lowering his voice.
Well then he should apologize, Lyssa said.
 Lyssa amazed herself at her calm tone in contrast as to what was gong on inside of her.  Percolating hormones bubbled.  Sweat tickled down her back as she tried to contain her emotions that couldve popped all of the buttons on her shirt.  She wanted nothing more than to be a cooing girl hanging off of Toby.
I dont think he will so Ill do it for him, Toby said with a smile.  
Lyssa only shook her head.  Is that it then?  She asked.
Yeah I guess, Toby said looking at her.
Lyssa could invite him in and keep this whatever they had going, but she was cautious.  He really didnt want anything from her and why would he?  He was popular and he should be with the other popular people.  Why was he messing with her?  She started to become angered towards him.  What were Tobys true intentions anyway?  He was agitating her.  Was she part of some joke or something?  Several thoughts flowed through her head like a waterfall. 
Well then  Lyssa paused to see if he was going to say anything.  Goodbye, she said slowly shutting the door on the most popular guy in school.
He gave a small wave as the door clicked shut.  She leaned against it and heard his truck rumble farther and farther down the street until she could hear it no more.
Eli

It reeks the strongest here, the Mog said pointing at the house with a steep roof.  Weve led you to it master.
Eli looked back at the two Mogs.  Their eyes flickered in the darkness.
I will tell you when you have succeeded, Eli said in a commanding tone.
We will stay here and watch for her. 
Sitting between the tall trees that lined the road, Eli waited quietly with hardly a movement.  He learned this skill when he was a sentry.  Being stealthy was an acquired skill that he mastered indefinitely.  The Mogs on the other hand were restless and finally Eli led them back into the woods several feet away where they slept.  Evidently tracking takes a lot out of them.  He returned to his spot as a vehicle pulled up in front of the house.  
Eli hunched down as the headlights skidded past him.  A man got out of the now dark carriage like thing and went into the house.  Quietness surrounded him and he wondered if the Mogs had led him to just another scarf.  
Then, suddenly the door opened and in a pool of the light from the opened door a girl came out.  Eli leaned forward hoping it was who he was after.  Holding his breath, he realized that the girl was too short and young to be Lil.  He let out a sigh as the girl walked down the sidewalk and sat on a bench surrounded by flowers.  
There was something about her that seemed so familiar to him almost as if it was part of him.  Usually he would feel this way if he encountered a Fae when traveling, it was a way of identifying each other.  But this girl was no Fae, she was an Etherworlder.  
The girl after a few moments got up and went back into the house.  Suddenly, the palm of his hand tingled.  He knew what it was.  Glowing ever so lightly was his mark.
Lyssa

Lyssas dad was busy doing his bookwork.  As she looked at him, she wondered what he ever thought of her.  
Her eyes gazed past pictures of all the moms in her life.  They were good memories, but Lyssa was smart enough to know her life had no stability in it, and yet, she wasnt too much of a mental case, or so she thought.
I should be so screwed up by now, Lyssa said out loud as she went upstairs. 
She closed the door and turned on the light by her nightstand.  With the room illuminated in soft light, she pulled out her journal.  She started to write about the terrible joke that was played on her by Toby and Craig.  Even though she tried to protect her feelings with armor, some things made it through to her soft, mushy insides and made them bleed.  
She also wrote about how Toby came back to apologize.  She was truly surprised and thought maybe she shouldve treated him a little differently, but as soon as she did something wouldve happened and it would take all weekend to get over it.  Suddenly, a small poem emulsified in her head.  Things like this would come from her time to time and she felt compelled to write them down.  As if something other than her controlled the pen, she began to write.
Keys to enter dark places
Never are they in expected spaces
Hearts separate and with no faces
They run forever love chases
Lyssa looked at her poem or whatever it was.  The words flowed from her hand to pen without much effort and made absolutely no sense to her.  She thought of Toby.  Maybe he was the heart she was chasing and if she didnt try talking to him she would be chasing him forever.  Maybe he wasnt as self-centered and shallow as she thought.  Lyssa smiled at her own reflection in the mirror.
Maybe she would try talking to him tomorrow when the Biology class went on their nature walk.  She was surprised they were still having it even after the girl who was murdered only a week ago.  A return to normalcy was encouraged at school even though the world went on, Lyssa couldnt help but to feel it was only a mask for something bigger. 
She continued writing when, suddenly, the palm of her hand become tingly and burn.  She dropped her purple inked pen and stood throwing her journal on the bed.  
Her palm became slightly numb and still burned.  She wondered if she had touched something outside.  Maybe a plant or something had irritated her skin.  She ran into the bathroom beside her room and washed her hands in cool water with soap.  The stinging continued.  
She then turned on the light holding the towel in her affected hand.  There, staring back at her was her freckle glowing around the edges like shed outlined it with glitter.  She clenched her hand into a fist and tightly closed her eyes.  Running cold water over her face, she tried to calm herself as the burning sensation left her palm.  It had to be an allergic reaction.  After everything that happened, it also had to be her imagination playing tricks on her.  
Slowly she uncurled her hand, holding her breath she could see it had returned to normal.  Just a reaction and now it was gone. She went back to her bedroom and sat on her bed running her thumb over her freckle.  It was normal, but what just happened wasnt normal.  After a few minutes to see if there was going to be a reaction again, she decided she was safe and the soap and water mustve done the trick.  Her dad was always warning her about certain plants that shouldnt be handled.
Lyssa got up and turned on her radio as she stood in front of her mirror.  Maybe she should wear a little more eye make-up or blush.  It wouldnt hurt and maybe make her look like a girl Toby would like.  Lyssa rolled her eyes at herself and plopped on the bed grabbing her teddy bear and holding it to her face.
Then suddenly, something tugged at her.  She sat up and looked towards the window.  Her skin crawled and the eerie sense of someone peering at her from the darkness.  She stared into the blackness in a stare fight that she didnt even know who or if she had an opponent. She went towards the window and peered down at the solar light lined drive way.  There was no one and why were there be? Was she going insane?  She didnt want to think about that right now. She went back to her bed and plopped down staring up at the ceiling.
 Just as she closed her eyes her hand began to tingle, then burn again.  She jumped and looked down at her freckle barely flickering with light.  She could hardly feel herself breathe as her heart raced in her chest. 
Quickly she walked towards the bathroom only to stop as the burning sensation ran up her arm.  This time it was harder and stronger. Her head swam with confusion as she gasped for air.  Dropping to her knees and head spinningwhat was happening to her?  Kneeling on the floor, she tried to call out to her dad, but her voice was constricted.  She could feel the blood rush to her head.  The pressure so great her eyes could have popped out and rolled to the floor.  She finally gave in to whatever was happening and dropped to the floor.  
Was this some sort of reaction?  Did she eat something she was allergic to?  She didnt want to die and she kept repeating this through her head.  Before the blackness took her she saw a face that was familiar to her, but couldnt place it.  It was a woman with long hair flowing in some invisible wind.  She smiled at Lyssa before everything faded to nothingness. 
Chapter Three
Lyssa
Lyssa woke to the blaring sound of the alarm clock.  She smacked it a few times until she hit the off button.  Disoriented, she sat up and wondered what day it was.
Her legs dangled over the edge as the blood rushed into them.  Slowly, she got up and looked at herself in the mirror.  Dark circles sat under her puffy eyes and her hair was a mess of curls.  She looked like a doll you find at the bottom of a toy chest, forgotten and tossed around. She glanced at her calendar trying to remember what day it was when a knock came to the door.
Lyssa, her dads voice came from the other side.
Yeah, Lyssa replied flopping back on her bed.
Dont you have that thing youre going to today for school?  Something for a classbiology or something like that His voice trailed off going downstairs.
Oh my God!  Lyssa yelled looking at the clock.  Twenty minutes!  Frantically she threw on her clothes, brushed her teeth, smoothed her rats nest hair and rushed out the door with a bagel in her mouth.
She ran towards school for the first three blocks and then walked the last.  It was embarrassing enough to be late.  As she walked, she tried to piece last night together. 
 Looking at her palm she remembered it burning.  It had to be an allergic reaction.  But it was glowing.  It was no allergic reaction.  Should she say something to her dad?  He would take her to the doctor and then what?  Telling them that some odd shape birthmark was glowing around the edges isnt a normal thing at least having a rash is treatable.  She clenched her fist pushing last nights confusion away.  
With the school building in sight, she quickened her pace just as the last of her class boarded the bus.
Ms. Cleverthron, Mr. Nelson always addressed his students in a formal manner.  Youre late, here are your papers.
Thanks, Lyssa took them and boarded the bus.
Most of the class sat in the middle to the back; Lyssa plopped down a few seats behind the driver.  She just wanted this to be over with.  Collect the leaves required, label them and hope her dad doesnt forget her.  Laying her head back on the seat she closed her eyes almost letting her mind wander to Toby before it was interrupted. 
Youre my partner, an annoying voice said followed by the seat puffing up under Marvins weight.
He looked like a Cupie Doll.  Fat cheeks, obliviously innocent expression and a few freckles.  He looked like he hadnt matured since fourth grade even though he was taller than Lyssa.  She knew all through school he had some sort of disability, but she didnt know exactly what.
  I dont think we need partners, Lyssa said wishing hed go away.
Look I brought my plant book; it has a section on trees of Illinois. He opened the book ignoring Lyssa.
Thats great, but Ill just go on my own, Lyssa said knowing she had to be to the point with him.  
Im going to try to find a rare plant though I am not sure what yet. He looked at the book like a person going through a clothing catalog.
I dont want to be your partner, Lyssa said flatly.  Marvin ignored her flipping through his book and rattling on about trees.
Lyssa closed her eyes and pretended she was somewhere else far, far away.  Suddenly, the bus hit a pothole, opening her eyes she saw an eyeless, white fanged wolf face in front of her.  She let out a scream followed by her hand containing it.  The whole bus irrupted with laughter including Marvin who kept saying how funny it was. 
Craig got her again with his mask that she wished she could fling out the bus window.  After last night at her house with Sam getting in Tobys truck and Craig scaring her, Toby was only seeing the idiot side of her.  She wasnt a small, frightened little girl.  She cooked for her dad, helped him pay his bills and even kept track of his checkbook.  
She felt her cheeks flush.  Why should she even care what Toby thinks, he has Megan.  Lyssa is a lump of nothing in the social status of things so, why add heartache to that lump.  One day shed be out of high school and would find her place in the world, far, far away from here.

The winding, gravel road that lead to the campground was covered in a canopy of tall trees just starting to change into fall colors.  Mr. Nelson instructed that they should stay within the trails and dont go down to the lake.  The grounds looked like a ghost town with the wind blowing through the white pines making them hum as if they were alive.  The chain on the flagpole clanked against the pole making its own rhythm.  Lyssa suddenly was aware of her surroundings like shed never experienced before.  Everything was amplified. 
Your partner is leaving you, a voice said bringing her to her senses.
She turned to see Toby pointing to a trail opening behind her.  Great, now he has a reason to think she was an airhead.  Lyssa smiled and quickly went down the path red-faced. 
 Marvin had gone to look for his rare plant on his own, which was fine with her.  She looked at her list and found quickly a white oak leaf, soft maple that wasnt as colorful as the sugar maples and an ash leaf.  The shape reminded her of her freckle.  She opened her hand thinking of last night.  What caused it and could it happen again?  
Lyssa, Marvin whispered behind her.
What?  She snapped.
Guess what I found, he sounded like a kid opening a Christmas present, a Maiden Hair Fern.
Wonderful, she whispered back still walking in front of him.
Do you want to hear the story about it?  
No, she whispered in a fake nice tone.
There once was a princess who lost all of her hair.  Marvin ignored her.  Her chambermaid feeling sorry for her made her a wig out of the delicate ferns.  You see when the leaves are off it almost looks like hair.
Great, Lyssa replied hoping hed go away.
It will be our secret, Marvin said turning from her.
Lyssa followed the trails steep rises and falls.  She had to find one more tree and then she was done.  She could hear some of the kids going back up to the campgrounds and knew she had to hurry.  Stopping, she looked around and found a tree she hadnt pulled a leaf from. 
 It looked something like a maple but was smaller.  The only problem was that it was too high.  If only she was a little taller.  She jumped several times with her hand in the air trying to grasp one of the leaves.  Finally, she got one she didnt accidentally rip in half.  She would let her partner identify it for her.  
Mr. Nelson yelled for everyone to return when something deep in her suddenly curled around squeezing her insides.  Feeling paralyzed, she dropped to her knees letting the bag of leaves float to the ground.  What was wrong with her?  A burning sensation filled her handnot again.  Shaking, she looked at her palm.  Light radiated its edges like a neon sign.  Her head felt heavy and the forest trees overhead twirled in her vision.  She wouldve yelled, but no sound came from her mouth.  
Shed be embarrassed if found like this, but was too frightened to let that bother her.  Lyssa could hear the distant voices of her classmates laughing oblivious to her absence.  Then the motor of the bus turned over, went into gear and rumbled away as blackness filled Lyssas vision.
Lyssa woke to a dim light and the muffled sound of voices.  She propped herself up looking around.  Her head swam with confusion.
If you try to fight me Ill kill you right on the spot, a blonde haired woman said pouncing form out of nowhere in front of her.
Who are you?  What is going on?  Lyssa asked as her hands were being tied together with a thin, gold strand of rope.
Be quiet, I dont like Etherworlders, she said looking at her with sapphire colored eyes.
She stood up with her loose golden hair surrounding her oval face.  Lyssa thought the girl looked like an angel, but certainly didnt act like one. She glanced around trying to find something.
None of these trees will do, she said looking past Lyssa.  If only they gave me other means.  Oh, well we have to go somewhere else, She nodded at Lyssa with her eyes on whoever was behind her.
Suddenly, Lyssa was picked up by large hands and flung over their shoulder.  Whoever had her was tall, muscular and had very rough clothing on that pinched the skin on her stomach. Their gate was rigid but very agile over the rough terrain.  Branches rubbed against Lyssa pulling at her hair and clothing as they went by.  
Etherling, is there any large trees around here?  The woman asked bringing them to a stop.
Large treewhat?  Lyssa asked wondering why she was concerned with finding a large tree.  Who are you?
Put her down this will have to do, she commanded.
Lyssa dropped to the ground.  Water seeped into her clothes and something gritty rubbed against her face.  They were at the sandy edge of Heron Lake.  Lyssa recognized the white limestone cliffs that border a section of the lake. The dim light was fading to darkness.  She wondered if anyone was looking for her.  Surely her dad had missed her by now.  She tried to prop herself up with bound hands.
We can use the water to make a portal.  Not only will it be discrete, but theyll certainly be surprised at my ability, the woman said looking over her shoulder at whoever was standing beside Lyssa.
Gazing up at the looming figure, she tried to make sense of her captors.  This had to be a dream or two mental patients had abducted her.  The darkness shrouded the womans quiet companion who looked deformed even in the faint light.
 The head looked smaller than the body which seemed to be hunched over slightly.  Suddenly their head turned sensing Lyssas gaze on them.  Peering down at her were two red eyes slowly curving into two upsides down crescents.  
 Lyssa tried to push herself away when the creature bent down shoving his face in hers. She barely let out a gasp as the creatures mouth opened revealing yellow, needle like teeth.  It had no nose only two small holes flaring with each breath.  Scales covered its entire body with only a pulled back small section of black, coarse hair like a horses mane.  
This caught the womans attention stopping her creation of a beautifully intricate arched design that looked like a doorway.  In her right hand was a pencil sized, silver rod that had created the illuminating midair structure.  Lyssa couldnt take her eyes off of it.
Leave her be, she scolded coming over to Lyssa.
I dont want any trouble from you, she said bending down.
Who are you?  Lyssa demanded.
The womans mouth curled into an evil smile that made Lyssa shiver.
Why I am your worst nightmare dear, she said with a laugh echoing in Lyssas head until everything faded to black.
Toby

Toby watched for Lyssa in quick glances so Megan wouldnt notice.  She is suspicious of everything he does and didnt feel like arguing with her right now.  He watched the last of the kids get on the noisy bus.  He could see Marvins head turned talking to someone beside him.  He couldnt see who it was.  Maybe it was Lyssa.  Something wasnt right.  He could feel it slowly build in him.
I said are you picking me up at seven tonight?  Megan gently moved his head with her fingers on his chin until he met her suspicious eyes.  What is the matter with you?
Nothing, Toby replied.  Seven, yeah, thats fine.
Dont be late, She warned before turning to her chirping friends.
Toby couldnt stop thinking about Lyssa.  The way the sun caught the flecks of copper in her hair mesmerized him.  She was short and small in size, he wanted to protect her.  Even in his dreams Lyssa is there.  Toby hates to think about them as they seem to keep getting weirder.  
The one he had last night makes him not even want to go to bed without a heavy duty sleeping pill, like the ones where you go to sleep and the next thing you know its morning. 
 Everything seemed normal in his dream.  He was having dinner with his family when he heard a plinking sound. He listened to its tiny pounding.  It was something hitting glass, like wings of a butterfly hitting the inside of a glass jar.  None of his family heard it, so he investigated.  
There in his mothers curio cabinet was a fairy, alive and looking at him. Shocked, he couldnt believe his eyes.  Her wings fluttered shifting color with each movement.  Her clenched fists pounded on the glass.  The fairy looked at him with desperate eyes letting out a scream and banging on the glass. 
He bent down gazed at her reddish hair, freckled face and eyes the color of the sky after a summer storm.  Toby stood up like someone kicked him when the tiny fairy yelled his name.  Gazing at her he realized even through the wings, pointed ears that she looked like Lyssa.  He said her name cautiously as she banged on the glass exclaiming they were coming for her. 
He jumped back watching black smoke curling around her.  Screaming her name, Toby tried to open the latch and even break the glass, which was no use.  The pluming smoke took her.  Lyssa was gone and he was supposed to save her.  He had to put a stop to whatever was wrong with him.

Promptly, Toby picked up Megan to go to the movies.  The town of Briarwood had one of the last privately owned theaters that not only showed movies, but school programs were still held here.  Its nostalgic atmosphere attracted many people and was usually busy on the weekends. Toby didnt pay attention to the chick flick they went to go see.  All he could think about was if he was going crazy.
You seem distant, Megan said nestling her head into his shoulder.
Ive just been tired lately, Toby said peering into the movie screen.  
He couldnt sit there.  He had to do something to stop this overwhelming urge that came over him.
Lets go, Toby whispered in Megans ear half way through the movie.
Why?  She asked.
Come and find out, he said getting up.
Megan followed with her hand in his. Quietly they passed the other movie goers slipping into the empty lobby. Toby remembered the theater had a downstairs.  Perfect.  
Dust filled the damp air in the yellowish light. Old movie posters and short sections of theater seats sat dust covered along the wall.
What are we doing?  Megan asked.
You wanted me to be spontaneous.  So, I thought I would.  Toby glided his hand over the side of her face.
Yeah, I guess this is spontaneous, she replied with a slight shrug of her shoulders.
Toby ran his hands over her back, slid them down caressing every curve.  He kissed her neck smelling her sweet perfume.  He liked the way Megan smelled, sweeter than she really was.  
He began to unbutton her shirt throwing it to the old theater seats. He felt her bare shoulders, her skin soft and cool under his touch. She slid her hands over his stomach, past his chest in one motion and then curled them around his neck.
Each of his hair follicles sensitized to Megans fingers through his hair.  He felt alive in a way he never felt before.  His hands tangled in her hair, sweat excreting through his pores, the smell of dust mixed with roses and the pounding of his heart.  What he felt had no word to call his emotion.  He was alive.
Lyssa, Toby whispered cradling Megans head in his hands.
She pushed away.  What?  She screeched.
What?  He pulled himself away shocked that hed said Lyssa name aloud.
Megan stepped back grabbing her shirt.
You said Lyssa,she said with a scowl look on her face.
He did say that.  Why did he say that?  He looked at Megan who looked like an angered cat, eyes like crescent slits and mouth tight like she could have hissed and scratched him to pieces if she had claws.
Megan  Toby started to say as she half way tromped up the wooden stairs.
Look, I heard what you said and if you are seeing someone else, you have better stop, Megan said pushing the door open slightly.  I am giving you a second chance, make it count or I wont be here.
She only wanted to be with him because he was popular and all the girls wanted him-he knew this though he really didnt know why.  She was just using him as a trophy or another mark on how many people she had sex with.  He was no different.
  She didnt matter to him. Megan was just another girl at school anymore.  He sat in the abandoned seat rested his head in his hands and closed his eyes when he felt a pang inside of him like someone pulled at his insides. Her name kept repeating in his head like an echo. Lyssa, Lyssa, Lyssa.
Something wasnt right.  Suddenly, scenes filled his head like flashes.  The campground, Lyssa struggling to call for help, no one heard her.  The next vision he saw her from above floating in midair he could see Lyssa laid motionless, eyes closed, skin pale and her auburn hair tangled with leaves.  She looked like a dying flower that he had to save.  Go to the campground, he thought.
Without hesitation, Toby went to his truck, started the engine knowing if he was in his right mind he would have gone after Megan, but he didnt.  He saw her in the parking lot talking to a group of people.  She was laughing and hanging on some other boy.  Toby didnt care, he had to save Lyssa.
Eli

Master the scent is strong here, the lighter mane Mog said pointing down the road that led to the cabins.
Very strong, The darker one confirmed.
Follow it then, Eli said looking at them.
They ran quickly like they enjoyed the chase that was hopefully coming to an end.  Eli traced after them following their moves.  Silver clouds covered the sky allowing only slivers of moon rays to give them any light.  Eli watched the Mogs put their noses to the ground swirling around him in like a dance.
Its her!  the lighter mane one said.
Eli smiled.  He had her now and cornered with Mogs.  Feeling a twinge of electricity in his palm, he knew his mark was glowing with life.  
Get her, Eli whispered.
The Mogs raced down a path that twisted and turned in a steep incline.  Finally, the tree covered path led them to a calm lake of silver waters and white cliffs bordering it.  Eli looked around as the Mogs stopped.
What is it?  Eli asked.
Another scent is here.  Its our foe, the light mane one said.
He walked past them.  Two figures stood by the waters edge.  One was definitely female and by the warning of his palma Fae.  The other was stout and hunched over slightly. Eli walked towards them realizing the female was making a portal.  She had a thick line of light scrolled in midair by the waters edge.  Only she was having trouble keeping it intact.  
He then stopped still standing in darkness.  The female looked familiar with her golden hair and slim body, but it was hard to tell.  He stood there for a moment watching her with the Mogs behind him.  Frustrated, she threw down her etch used to make portals and gave a growl.  Eli proceeded to step forward.
Didnt the Muses give you a ticket back Cinnia?  Eli asked.
Startled, Cinnia turned.  Her eyes of surprise cooled into an icy stare.
Eli, She turned to him smiling.  Traveling with Mogs?  I thought you were the one with connections. Her voice mocked him.  It seems Ive finished a job that the Muses thought a male Fae should do.  I proved them wrong.  
Eli only smiled at her.
I should say the same, Eli said looking at the scale covered creature.  Varkin isnt usually your first choice at travel companions.
Neither is a deserter.  Cinnia quickly turned with darting eyes at Eli.
I didnt desert you.  Im acting on my own.  It was you who insisted traveling with me, Eli said not wanting to bring up past events.
Well, I have accomplished what you couldnt, Cinnia said in a teasing voice.  I have the Everspell.
Eli looked at Cinnia who was amused at his reaction.  Slowly he stepped closer wanting to take it from her.  He stood a breath apart from her.  Her eyes twinkled with a delight, like a spoiled child that keeps getting their way and knew it.
No hard feelings, she said in a quiet tone.  
Where is it Cinnia?  Eli met her eyes steadily.
Just then, he heard something on the ground next to him in the shadows.  He looked at Cinnia and pulled from his pocket a small ball glowing with a harsh white light.  Before him was a girl, a young Etherling.  She looked dazed trying to focus on who was in front of her.
Who are you what do you want!  The Etherling pleaded.
Who is she?  Eli asked.  What are you doing with an Etherling?  Eli demanded.
She is the Everspell, Cinnia said turning back to construct her portal.  What did you expect?  The Everspell to be hanging from a tree, gift wrapped with a bow and your name on it.
An Etherling cant be the Everspell, Eli said dumbfounded.  That isnt possible.
You should know Lil by now.  She is clever.  Cinnia stopped looked over her shoulder and smiled.  Then again, she got you pretty good.
Eli grabbed Cinnia by the arm jerking her so fast, she dropped the etch.  Cinnia, for a split second looked surprised at Elis action, and then as her warriors trailing took over, she stiffened, grabbed Elis other arm and twirled him to the ground.  He jumped up looking at Cinnia as he straightened his cloak.
I dont want to hurt you Cinnia.  We can work this out together, Eli said as the Varkin stepped forward behind Cinnia.
Youre scared.  Good, she said with a quick kick of her leg nearly hitting Eli on the side of the head.  He looked at her holding her foot.
I said I dont want to hurt you, Eli calmly said.
Cinnia squint her eyes, showed her teeth in an animalistic growl and jumped kicking him in the groin with her other foot.  She twirled through the air landing beside Eli who rolled on the ground in uncontrollable pain.
Thank you for not hurting me Eli.  She whispered in his ear before she let out a laugh.
Dont do that to master!  Eli heard one the Mogs say pushing Cinnia to the ground.
Eli jumped up the best he could at the advancing Varkin who knocked him to the ground.  Eli pushed on the creatures throat trying to keep its many layers of pin like teeth from imbedding into him.
 Suddenly, the Varkin was pulled off him as the other Mog with one arm held him pinned to the ground.  They rolled in a mass of teeth, claws, fur and scales.  Eli could see the portal glowing with light, it was ready for passage.  
Cinnia with a dagger stabbed at the Mog pushing him through the portal with an echoing yell that faded.  
Dont take her to the Muses, Eli said stepping in front of her.  He doesnt care about you, no matter what risks you take.
Cinnia stopped, looked at him with black eyes that reminded Eli of a storm advancing in the distance.  You know nothing about love.
Eli couldnt let her take the girl.  He didnt want to fight with Cinnia either.  
Stepping squarely in front of her, he placed his hands on her shoulders, pulled her tightly next to him and kissed her hard on the mouth.  Her unmoving lips were too surprised to respond back before he pushed the shocked Fae away shoving her through the portal.  The Varkin whose nature is to follow their commander did so without hesitation leaving Eli and the light colored Mog standing in front of the Etherling.
This is a dream.  This is a dream, the girl said sliding away from him.
Dont be scared, Eli said kneeling down.
This is a nightmare then, she replied.  
Im not going to hurt you.  I just want the Everspell, Eli said looking at her.
Eli that was quite a performance, bravo and I love how you rebound so quickly, Deravon said standing behind him.
I am glad you were entertained.  Eli didnt bother to look at him.  A little help wouldve been nice.
And get my new boots dirty, I dont think so.  Deravon crouched down beside them.  What do we have here?
Eli wanted Deravon gone.  He was a nuisance to his plans that he kept interfering.  
What did Cinnia want with her?  Deravon asked.
She needed a pet, Eli said trying to gently grab the girl by the arm.
A quick swing of her fist met his left eye causing him to lose his balance.  Eli surprised, bounced back up to Deravon laughing.  
Cinnia must have already trained her, Deravon said taunting Eli.  
Please, just let me go, she pleaded.
Eli noticed something in the girls hand glowing.  It had to be the Everspell.  Deravon noticed too and with naturally quicker reflexes, grabbed the Etherlings arm and they both peered at the unmistakable Mark.
Why darling you have a Mark too.  Deravon moved closer to her.
Eli gazed down at the glowing Mark.  It was in the outline of a leaf from a Silverthorn tree; the first tree made by magic and sacred to all Fae.  It was Livianna the last of the winged Fae who caught one of the leaves before the last tree died; a remembrance of why protecting magic and their way of life were so important.  Now, an Etherling had one of the most important relics-the Everspell.
You have to come with me.  Eli ordered looking at the girl.
The girl jerked her hand from Deravon looking at Eli with frightened and angered eyes.  She looked like a small animal cornered, but he had no choice but to take her by force.  He couldnt possibly explain who he was and what she had in her.  He didnt care he just wanted the Everspell.
You freaks arent taking me anywhere!  She yelled trying to get away before Deravon snatched her by the arm causing her fleeing body to fall backwards.
Let me go!  Her voice filled with fear.
Eli didnt want to hurt or make her fear him.  He had to get her under control.  Before he could do anything, the girl elbowed Deravon hard in the stomach causing him to bend over and gasp for air.  The girl was swift.  Maybe she knew what she had and was trained to protect it.  The girl jolted off into the forest.  Eli ran after her.
I dont want to hurt you!  Sentry, I am ordering you to stop!  Eli thought maybe she knew of Sentries and would understand that he truly meant her no harm.
The Etherling weaved through the trees like a rabbit.  Low limbs slowed him slightly, but the girl wasnt as agile as he thought and right before he could grab her, she fell to the ground. 
Please dont hurt me, She cried with tears now streaming down her face.
Like I said before Etherling, Eli said glancing down at her Mark trying to catch his breath.  I am a Sentry.  I dont want to hurt  Suddenly, something large slammed into Eli causing the image of the girl to fade into blackness.

The next thing Eli was aware of was the constant up and down motion of his body and plush fur surrounding his face.  He was on the back of the Mog.
Master, I found the scent! he exclaimed.
Stop!  I am ordering you to stop and go back!  We had the Everspell!  Eli yelled pulling on the Mogs mane with no response.
I cant stop, Master.  The scent draws me to it!  
Lyssa

Lyssa didnt stay around for whatever snatched the crazy guy chasing her to come and get her as well.  It was dark and she was off the trail.  She could be anywhere.  Reaching into her pocket she tried to feel for her cell phone.  It mustve fallen out.  Would her dad be worried?  Would he call the police and would there be a search for her.  That would be embarrassing, but at the same time she wanted to be found.  What would be her excuse?  
Lyssa stopped, leaned against a tree and began to question her own sanity.  The girl with the thin silver pencil, drawing a glowing liquid line in midair she called a portal.  The two guys chasing after her and the scaly creature with piranha teeth couldnt be real.  It was just her imagination at work.  She was exhausted, frightened and now lost.  
She probably just hit her head when she was trying to get a leaf from a tree.  That sounds logical and a good story.  It was dark when she came to and disoriented she wondered off.  Yes, that sounds better than two cape wearing weirdoes, a gorgeous looking woman and two mutated Muppets with sharp teeth were after her.
Suddenly, a glowing light filtered through the trees in front of her.  The cool light made long shadows as it moved closer to her.  Stepping backwards, she turned and was face to face with the dark haired guy that grabbed her earlier.  She peered into his eyes which seemed to twinkle like stars.
You didnt expect that did you?  You thought I was coming from the other direction.  I know I should make a better entrance, but in this case, I had to be sneaky. He stepped closer as Lyssa backed away with each step he took until her back brushed against a tree. 
Who are you?  She asked trembling.
I suppose I could tell you my name, but we dont really have time for introductions.  You see we need to get out of here and in a hurry too, he said smiling.  Darling I dont want to hurt you.  I dont like to hurt anything, at least directly.  It gets too messy sometimes.  You need to get over that.
What do you want then?  Lyssa felt like he wasnt going to hurt her, so maybe she could talk her way out of his hold.
Well, I do believe we share a mutual friend.  Her name is Lil, he said raising his already arched eyebrows.
I dont know any Lil.  Lyssa shook her head confused.
Oh, I didnt think, she probably had an alias, he said turning his head away and tapping his finger to his chin.  Well anyhow, everything will be just wonderful when you wake up!
Before Lyssa could scream, run or take a punch at him, a quick shadow ran over her.  Her body felt like it was falling into a black void.  She felt his arms grab hold of her limp body.  She tried to scream or move but her senses were paralyzed.  
Fear gripped her lethargic body as she felt the movement of moving. Her numb body then hit the ground with a thud.  She felt like she was trapped in a bubble to the outside world.  Lyssa then didnt feel anything as her mind faded to blackness.  
Toby

An eerie mist loomed through the tops of the trees making a layer of fog and clear air.  His truck lights cascaded over the winding gravel road.  Droplets of mist formed on the windshield.  
Toby couldnt get there fast enough and hit potholes like his truck were an indestructible tank.  He felt frantic and didnt know why or what drove him to do this.  His mind was not his own.  He felt like a marionetteevery move was a pull on the strings that controlled him.  He gave up questioning his thoughts and only thought of one thingLyssa.
With a slam of his brakes, the truck came to a sudden stop.  Mist swirled through the cutting beams of the headlights.  Toby slammed his truck door shut and stood in the cool air. 
 The buildings stood quiet encased in shadow.  He looked at the three trail entrances.  One went to the lake, one wound its way through the forest only to connect near the opening and the other led to the caves.  Lyssa was collecting leaves so she wouldnt have gone too far, so he decided to go on the one everyone went on earlier.  
His small flashlight skidded across the ground.  Everything was quiet.  He called her name with no reply.  The air was a damp cold.  Lyssa could be frozen by now, he quickened his pace.  
Suddenly, his flashlight caught something shinning on the ground.  He ran to it and picked up a small bag with Lyssas name on it filled with leaves.  Something had happened.  He called her name following the trail back to the beginning.  The forest was big and it was dark.  He should call for help.
Just as he started to call 911, something vibrated in his ears causing him to drop his phone and fall to his knees.  A voice filled his head as he tried to block it out.  It receded and a vision took its place.  
He hovered over her.  She appeared to be just sleeping.  Her auburn hair mingled with the wet decaying leaves.  She looked like a withering flower trying to survive the coolness of winda promise of winter.  The girl was Lyssa. Toby realized this and as soon as he did, the scene widened showing crescent shape voids that he knew were the mouths of the caves.
The trail was steep and his flashlight was the only thing that penetrated the dark.  A mist rolled around him making a thin veil of white.  Toby finally reached an open area with rock cliffs surrounding him.  Just like in his visions, he saw her.
Lyssa!  Toby ran over to her.
Her legs were bent lying to the side and her head was turned in the opposite direction.  She looked peaceful.  Her reddish hair looked like it could almost burn her pale skin.  Hesitantly, he ran his hand alongside her face to make sure what he was seeing was real. Her skin was cold.  Pressing his finger against her throat, he felt the small flutter of her pulse, she wasnt dead.  Taking off his coat, he wrapped her in it and carried her back to his truck.
Her small, limp body slumped in the seat.  He kept looking over at her.  Was he going crazy?  How and why did he find her?  The visions had led him to her.  Was it an act of God or some other unworldly being?  Something was happening to him and he wasnt sure if it would stop.

Toby drove as fast as he could down the highway to the hospital that was right off the interstate bypassing Briarwood.  The bright lights almost hurt his eyes as he pulled up in front of the emergency entrance.
Carrying Lyssa through the automatic door he felt like he was in a dramatic scene from some movie where the hero saved the day and the girl as well.  He decided at that point he had gone completely mad.  A nurse looked up casually at first from her desk and then jumped up motioning for him to go down the hallway.
What happened?  The nurse asked motioning for him to follow.
II dont really know.  Toby wasnt prepared to come up with an answer.
Have you been drinking?  She asked in a nonjudgmental way.
No, Toby replied as he laid Lyssa down on a gurney.  
Whats your name?  She asked looking at him.
Toby.  Toby Winslett, Toby said looking back at Lyssa.  Her name is Lyssa Cleverthorn and I found her on a trail at Camp Westfield.
She looked at him questioningly.  Answer me truthfully because her life may depend on it.  Are there drugs involved?  Still, her voice had a nonjudgmental tone.
No.  Toby felt like a criminal to the questions she was asking.
Lets go back to the waiting room and you can answer some more questions about your girlfriend, The nurse said guiding him back as another nurse came and pushed Lyssa down the long hallway into another room.
Lyssa, she isnt my girlfriend, Toby said at his own surprise.
What was Lyssa to him?  Something that stirred his senses like no other girl had and he hardly knew her.  There is something about her though that he cant placelike looking through frosted glass trying to see on other side.  It was frustrating.  He had never felt this way about a girl before.  Girls were play things, trophies, something to show off and party with.  Lyssa didnt fit that mold.  He was truly concerned with her.  He had never even felt that way about any girl that he dated.  Why was Lyssa so different?
Lyssa

The first thing that filled Lyssa senses was the smell of overused Lysol and then the brightness of white.  Her mouth was dry and her body stiff.  Slowly she moved her arms trying to prop herself up.  She had something attached to her hand, thinking it was the gold string that the woman used to bind her wrists, instead there was a small clear tube with tape securing it.  She was in the hospital.  No doubt.  How did she get here?
Hello there honey, a thick southern accent voice came beside her.
Where am I?  She asked in a raspy voice.
Youre at Memorial Hospital and you are fine only a couple of bumps and bruises.  Her warm smile was surrounded by curly golden hair.  It was a good thing your boyfriend found you or you might have frozen to death.  
Boyfriend?  Lyssa said looking away.
Why dont you go to sleep and when you wake up everything will be better, she said holding a syringe filled with something she pushed into the small tube.
I dont have a boyfriend, Lyssa mumbled as a warm tingly feeling overtook her into a numb black of nothingness.  
Chapter Four
Lyssa

Whiteness slowly filled in through Lyssas closed eyelids.  Her ears absorbed the muffled sounds that filled them.  Still smelling Lysol, Lyssa opened her eyes that stuck together like glue. 
Finally, youre awake, a voice said beside her.
Lyssa turned her head to see Toby sitting in a blue vinyl chair that looked uncomfortable.  He smiled and scooted closer to her.
What are you doing here?  Lyssa asked as her medicated head swam with suspicious wonder. What happened to me?  Lyssa looked away and slowly uncurled her palm looking at her freckle.
I was the one who found you, Toby said valiantly.  
You found me?  Lyssas mind was muddled and fragmented.
Looking at her freckle she remembered the blonde hair woman and the scale covered creature that carried her.  The coldness of its body made her shiver.
Are you alright?  Toby asked suddenly with concern.
Lyssa looked back at him.  Yeah, Im ok.  She smiled covering her lie.
I was in the woods and got lost; I think I hit my head, Lyssa stated trying to believe it herself.
I found you by the caves, Toby said as Lyssa gave him a confused look.
The caves?  That is  Lyssa stopped trying to remember how shed gotten there.  How did you find me anyhow?
Toby sat straight up as if he got caught doing something he shouldnt.  I uh, lost my watch and had to go back and find it.  Its really expensive and I just happened to come across you.
  Lyssa slowly lay back on the rough textured pillow and covered her eyes with her hands.  Her hair must look terrible right now along with her puffy eyes she thought to herself.
Are you feeling any better?  Toby asked.  Lyssa could hear the awkward tension in his voice.
Yeah, just sore, she replied as a nurse came in bringing in a tray of food.
Visiting time is over and our young lady needs to rest.  She sang.
Toby looked at Lyssa trying to conceal a chuckle from the nurses comment.  Lyssa couldnt help but to do the same.
Uh, Toby Lyssa said as he stood up.  Thank you.  Her cheeks felt hot as the nurse started to take her blood pressure, which she sure was through the roof at this point.
Youre welcome, he simply said and went out the door.
The nurse told her that her dad had been notified and she could leave later in the afternoon.  She sat alone in the room looking out the window.  All she could see was the large yard that surrounded the hospital and the highway in the distance.  
How did she end up by the caves?  She closed her eyes thinking back to when the rest of the class was leaving.  Something took hold of her.  Her freckle glowed and she fell to her knees trying to call for help.  Then there was the blonde hair woman that looked like an angel, but she was no angel, she was Lyssa worst nightmare. 
 Then there were two guys dressed in capes with alien like angled features that were similar to the womans.  The dark hair one said she had the Mark too.  Uncurling her hand, she gazed at it.  It is nothing more than a dream, a hallucination.  She pushed her thoughts away as the nurse came back in.
Good news.  The doctor signed your release papers and you can go home, she said smiling.
Lyssa couldnt wait to get out.  She got dressed and then was taken by wheelchair to the front lobby and waited and waited.  Her dad wasnt the fatherly type.  Most parents would be concerned of their child being left in the woods where a mountain lion couldve torn them to pieces or even freeze to death.  Not Lyssas dad whose responsibility of her was as scattered as the leaves outside.
There were two nurses who sat at the desk together and were discussing something between themselves in hushed whispers and occasionally looking up at herwith a smile of course.  Lyssa could only guess they were trying to contact her dad again.  One of the nurses came over and bent down to her level.
Does your dad still see that real nice red head girl?  She asked meaning Zoey.
No, but if youre looking for someone to pick me up, my neighbor can.  Hes usually home.  Lyssa just wanted to get home.
No thats ok dear.  Well contact him again.  It wont be long.  She tried to be encouraging.
Lyssa knew different as she peered out the window when a familiar truck caught her eyeToby.  Just then, the phone rang at the nurses station and the sound of approaching sirens could be heard.  
Hun, weve to go, but your dad is on his way.  Have him sign the release papers at the bottom, the nurse said getting up from her chair and joined the nurse that already left.
Lyssa looked out the window to see Toby just getting out.  He was coming to see her again?
Oh, dont forget to make a checkup appointment!  Her friendly voice echoed through the hallway.
Ok!  Lyssa replied back as she got up out of the wheelchair.
She went out the door and into the crisp air that hurt her lungs.  Toby didnt see her yet as he looked back at the ambulance that arrived with some unfortunate victim.  Her eyes were steady on him.  Why was he coming to see her again?  What about his girlfriend Megan? She wouldnt like him coming to see her as Megan was the jealous type. It was too much for her to think about right now. Toby had a truck and she needed a ride home.  That was all she cared about.
Toby! she yelled taking him by surprise.
He stopped in his tracks gazing at her.
Lyssa what are you doing?  Toby asked almost in disbelief.
Escaping, Lyssa said in a slightly teasing voice.
You shouldnt do that. He was serious as he touched her gently on the arm.
Lyssa, even though her coat could feel sparks from his warm touch.  She shook her head dumbfounded as he gazed at her.
Im just kidding.  They said I could go, but my dad isnt here, could you please give me a ride?
Toby smiled. Yeah, a ride, sure, he said heading to his truck all silver and polished just like a carriage for a princess only Lyssa wasnt the princess and she was treading on waters she wasnt used to.  She got in the still warm truck and without her release papers being properly signed and they headed down the highway to her house.
Eli

You Idiot!  Eli yelled standing in a thicket of trees.  We had the Everspell, Holding his hands out and shaking them in front of the Mog frantically.  Right in our hands!  
But Master, the scent starts here, The Mog said unfazed by Elis tantrum pointed at the steep pitched roofed house.
Eli turned and gazed at the darkened house.  Could she be hiding in this dwelling?  A Mogs scent usually doesnt lie.  He ordered the Mog back and thought a stake out would be more beneficial than going all over the country side.  
In the darkness they waited without much commotion of any sort.  The remaining Mog lay curled sleeping as Eli could hear his gentle breathing. 
 He thought of Cinnia.  It was a horrible thing to do, feeding her to the Muses empty handed.  They wouldnt be happy when or if she went back to their home.  They wouldnt be pleased with him either and would hunt him wherever he went.  He was released on a deal and that deal would be kept.  
Varkin are awful creatures to fight and when they are dead make the most nauseating smell you could imagine, Deravon said suddenly behind Eli who shot up like a released spring.  Easy Sentry!  Deravon stepped back with hands in front of him as Eli pointed his dagger towards him.
Then dont come up on me like that, especially on a mission.  Eli put his dagger away.
What happened to you anyhow?  Deravon asked.  I had the Etherling, easy little things to trick,  he said with an amused chuckle, Then from nowhere I was attacked by Cinnias little pet and after that go around through the woods, I came back the Etherling girl was gone.  Deravon looked at the house through the trees along with Eli.  What are you doing now?  Peeping in on unsuspecting Etherlings?
Eli looked at Deravon in a annoyed sideways glance and then back at the house.
If you must know my Mog led me here.  I believe it is the girls house.  No sooner had he said that, two lights pierced the darkness.
Deravon and Eli backed up crouching in the thicket, watching the large, humming carriage pull up in front of the house.  A boy Ethrling got out one side and then let the girl out the other.  
The Mog had led him to girls dwelling.  Watching them go up the sidewalk, something about her enticed him with a sudden pangsomething about her was familiar.  Had he seen her before in Avalon?  She had a Mark and his Mark alerted him.  There was something more than that, it went deeper and he couldnt shake it off.
They both stood in front of the door.  He could only hear mumbled voices, when suddenly the door opened and slammed shut.  The boy left and the house was illuminated with the light from behind the door.
I have to get in there, Eli said slowly standing up.
What are you going to do, knock on the door or ring the bell?  Deravon said.  If youre going to do this right, you have to have the right equipment.
I dont have time for this, Eli said stepping out of the thicket.
He hardly made it a step when Deravon grabbed hold of his arm. Eli was uncomfortably close to Deravon, his back now embedded into Deravons chest, he was probably smiling, Eli tried to squirm his way loose. He could hardly breathe in Deravons super Fae strength.  A flash of light blasted before them and then he found himself standing in an apartment surrounded by abstract paintings, chairs and couches filled with pillows and the smell of lavender.
Deravon released Eli as the sound of city life filtered through the cracked window.
I dont have very many portal spheres left, but it was worth it.  I always wanted to get you to my apartment, he said jerking the curtains shut and giving Eli an uncomfortable seductive look.
What in the name of all Fae are you doing?!  Eli could hardly contain himself.  
I thought you would like my apartment.  Its much better than that shack youre staying in.  Deravon plopped onto the puffy blue couch with hands behind his head and feet propped on a matching ottoman.  
I dont have time for games Deravon.  Take me back to the Etherlings house, he demanded.
Deravon smiled gazing at him.  Eli paced the floor infuriated.  You know Sentry, I didnt bring you here for only my amusement. Putting his feet on the floor he leaned forward giving Eli a serious look.  If you are going to be successful you need the right implements.  I am surprised though, I thought Lil wouldve beaten you to the Everspell.
Eli stopped suddenly like he was caught in a spiders web.  She has no business with it.  Shes no better than the Muses.
Im going to be to the point with you Eli because I care about Lil too.  She loves you and is hurt as well.  She did what she did to protect you.
Spending a year in the bowels of Avalon with criminals that I once chased after isnt my idea of protection!  Eli yelled wanting to say that out loud for so long, it was a relief to do so.
You are blinder than I thought, thinking only of yourself.  What do you think Lil went through?  She was with the Muses, Deravon said now eye to eye with Eli.
Looking away he knew the Muses were ruthless, lawless when it came to certain things.  They could get away with anything, they were above the law, untouchables and power was a commodity to them. 
She never planned on giving them anything, only using them to fund her treasure hunt.  She was alone and escaped to the Etherworld as a refuge. I offered her my assistance; she declined not wanting anyone else to be hurt.  Deravons voice softened.  Eli, she was trying to save our world single handedly.
Eli turned away peering over the cityscape of Avalon.  Through the small kitchen window he could see a small section of the tall buildings.  The city looked clean up high with its sharp edged buildings, cool lights piercing the black sky and the intricate architecture visible only up high by the privileged. 
Where is she?  Eli asked breaking the silence.
I am not sure, Lil is allusive.  Our best bet is to get the Etherling and take her to the Rebels compound, Deravon said getting up.
The Rebels compound?  Eli thought the resistance had been dissolved years ago.
Yes, theyre still around and I dont think we should discuss anymore here,  Deravons voice tapered to a whisper.  
His attention turned to the small mirror beside the door that showed someone was standing outside.  Two figures loomed side by side dressed in long cloaks, faces shielded as one of them rang the bell.  A jaunty tune began to play.  Eli joined eyes with Deravon.  The Muses henchmen, Deravon said.
Scrambling to his bedroom, he came back with a waded up piece of dark, mesh-like material Eli thought could be a glamour suit.  The door rattled under one of the henchmens heavy fists.  Deravon grabbed hold of Eli, pulling a portal sphere from his pocket just as the door busted open.  
The henchmens shaved heads bore tattoos of swirling designs that Eli had never seen before.  Their eyes met and they smiled crudely at Deravon and Eli.  With a flip of their palms came a slender black blade.
Hang on!  Deravon yelled.
With a flash of light, Eli could feel the plush carpeting dissolve under his feet just as one of the Henchmens blade caught Eli on the arm, ripping through his sleeve stinging his skin.  Clutching the wound the light slowly faded settling them in darkness.  Eli looked around realizing they were in front of the Etherlings house.  
Made it just in the nick of time, Deravon triumphantly said noticing Eli clutching his arm.  Whats wrong?
One of the Henchmen scratched me, Eli said trying to bunch up the sleeve of his shirt to stop the bleeding.
Here, Deravon said grabbing hold of his arm.
Eli didnt like Deravon touching him at all.  He was in the same training class as Eli when he decided to become a sentry.  Deravon was wealthy, arrogant and the wedge that always stood between Lil and himself.  He didnt think Deravon liked Lil in a romantic way, but something bonded them as friends that couldnt be severed, no matter how hard Eli tried.
Ouch!  Eli yelled a little louder than he intended.  Stop, I can do it myself.  Eli jerked his arm away after Deravon put something cool on his wound that made it tingle.
Not a good patient, are we?  Deravon said crossing his arms.
Im a grown Fae, Eli said with one strip of cloth in his mouth and the other in his hand pulling it tight.
Eli could feel his cheeks flush.  He didnt look at Deravon only at the house in front of him.
How am I going to get in?  Eli asked.
I thought youd never ask, Deravon said handing him the black piece of clothing.
A glamour sui,. Eli held it in his hands running the coarse material between them.  Where did you get this?  They arent just handed out to mock sentries.  Eli had wanted to call him something mean, jabbing at his pride.  Deravon only smiled.
Being a guard at the Palace isnt something you take lightly. It is filled with tradition and tact, something some sentries lack, Deravon said stepping back slightly.  For your information, I got the glamour suit while working at the Fae Museum.  Its an old one.  Theyre replacing them with new and improved ones, so I thought this would do for you anyway.
Eli looked at it and then at Deravon.
Go ahead change into it.  I promise not to look more than twice.  Deravon smiled obviously enjoying himself.
Eli walked past the Mog ordering him to stay put using him as a changing screen.  The suit was perfect.  Its scale like covering shifted from black to dark blue and green, depending on how he moved. The pants were separate from the long tunic shirt that had long sleeves.  In the lower corner of the shirt was a small emblem, but one of great importance.  It was the Crest of Liviana, the last winged Fae.  The small circle was filled with interlocking and looping lines of silver thread.  It had no end and no beginning just like the magic she had found and mastered.  Her reign was over though and times had shifted to darker ones.
 As if the suit had a mind of its own, it began to tingle on Elis skin.  It was becoming a part of him.  He could feel its magic awaken concealing him to the Etherworlders.  Eli stepped out looking at Deravon.  
Well, Eli said wondering if Deravon could see him.
I cant see you and it is a shame because I love a Fae in uniform.
Eli shook his head and looked at the girls house.  He was close to the Everspell.  After everything hed been through, he would finally be free.  The magic would be protected at least from the Muses.  He would still have to get it to its final destination. 
 It was a place Lil and he decided so long ago. The Isle of Stars.  It was a beautiful place of lush green foliage, beaches of white sands untouched by anyone.  Protected by the treacherous Sea of Murk, it is the home of the Three Graces, who are the protectors of all magic.  They were born of magic and are its keeper. 
With the shroud of a glamour suit, Eli walked up the sidewalk and into the girls house.

Toby

It doesnt look like your dad is home yet, Toby said looking at the dark house.
Hell be home soon.  Thanks for the ride, Lyssa said starting to open his door.
Wait!  Toby jumped from his truck and went over to her door.
Suddenly, he felt like he should open the door for Lyssa. Quickly he went around the front of the truck and opened the door for her.  He watched her slide out gazing at him with confusion.
What are you doing?  Lya asked shaking her head.
I am opening the door for you.  Surely you didnt hit your head that hard, Toby thought he would try to be humorous.
That is very chivalrous of you. To Tobys delight, she was amused.  I dont think I ever had any one do that for me. 
You deserve to have that done more often, Toby said not believing he actually said that.  His mouth and brain were not his own anymore.
Lyssa only laughed slightly.  Walking up the sidewalk he noticed all the flowers surrounding it.  He wondered if Lyssa liked flowers and actually recognized one that had one small bloom on it still struggling to bloom as if in protest to winter. 
Chapter Five
Lyssa
Lyssa leaned against the door listening to Tobys truck rumble away.  She put her hands over her eyes rerunning their conversation through her head.  Everything seemed to compound into a big ball of confusing emotions.  Angry at her dad for not even calling or coming when she needed him, Tobys sudden interest in her every move, and the events that happened in the forest.  
Staring into the dark living room the images ran through her head like a movie trailer.  The scaly creature, the blonde haired woman and her mark on her hand meant something.  It wasnt just an odd shaped freckle. Her thoughts were broken when she heard the loud, scared meow of her cat.
Beyonc!  Lyssa could see the outline of her cat emerge from the kitchen.  You must be starving.
Lyssa went into the kitchen and flicked on the light.  The answering machine on the wall blinked alerting of missed messages.  Hitting the button, she then got out a can of cat food as the machine announced you have two new messages. followed by a beep.
 The first was her dad explaining an impromptu visit with Sean and Gwen.  They were longtime friends of Lyssa and her dad.  They lived about thirty miles away in the town of Cloaksville.  Sean was an inventor of gardening things and has sold his ideas to companies that make and distribute to major retail chains. Gwen is a clothing designer, retired now; she has an online company that makes specialty pieces.  
The message from her dad was short and his voice had no tinge of worry in it.  He said they got the call from the hospital finally and they were headed straight home. Lyssa just gave a sigh and before she could feel too bad the next message almost made her stop breathing.
It was Zoey.  Her voice sounded the same-like honey mixed with iron.  Lyssa had to play the message again as she didnt pay attention the first time, she only listened to the rhythm of her voice.
Lyssa, I have something important to tell you.  I know I can speak directly to you as your dad doesnt mess with the answering machine.  There was a pause filled with a hint of regret.  I am sorry for leaving you so sudden, but there is something in my past I had to deal with.  I will be coming soon.  You have to be careful Lyssa and I will be there to explain everything.  I cant do it now.  Remember I lo  The answering machine cut her words off.
Lyssa always liked Zoeys voice, but it had a different element to it that she tried to disguise- fear.  Lyssas thoughts flipped back to the camp Westfield.  There was no way that could have happened.  Things like that dont exist.  It was her imagination and a bump to the head.  Lyssa only came to her senses when her cat meowed in a demanding voice and headlights flickered through the living room casting shadows across the furniture.
She watched the long shadows run from the wall over the couch, armchair and just as they suddenly turned off she thought she caught the silhouette of a tall figure looming between the archway to the living room and kitchen.  She let out a gasp as Beyonc swatted with her sharp paw the can of cat food from her hand.
You stupid cat!  Lyssa growled feeling nauseated.  Her imagination was getting the best of her.
The door burst open with Gwens voice calling her name.  Lyssa wrapped her hand in a paper towel and went into the living room.
Lyssa!  Gwen said with her topaz eyes filled with concern.  What happened?  Are you alright?  Why didnt you call us instead of your dads cell phone?  We would have come right away.  Are youre sure youre alright?  Gwen said running her hand over Lyssas cheek.
Take a breath dear, Sean said smiling at Lyssa.  She looks to be alright.
Lyssa, Her dad said coming in.
He looked pale.  Could he have worried himself sick over her?  Lyssa felt a guilty pang of glee.  She thought of saying something about Zoeys message, but didnt.  He missed her too for a long time and she didnt want to get his hopes up too soon, just in case she didnt come. 
Im sorry, I forgot all about picking you up, His gentle eyes peered down at her.  I hope you can forgive me.  He put his hands on her shoulders and rubbed them.  Lyssa felt the frustration she had earlier fade.
It was nothing, She wasnt mad anymore after looking into his sorrowful eyes. I just fell and hit my head.  A boy at school found me and that was all.  Lyssa tried to sum up the horrifying experience with a shrug of her shoulders.  It isnt a big deal.
Not a big deal!  Gwen said looking at her.  It is a big deal. Anything could have happened!
Anything did happen; more like the unimaginable.  Lyssa looked away.
What boy found you?  Sean asked sitting down on the couch with the assistance of his cane.
Sean was a rugged looking man with greying blonde hair, wrinkles that formed around his eyes when he smiled and a scar that ran delicately from his temple curving like a C that he got in a car accident a long time ago.  He also never gained the use of his right leg and said he was lucky to have kept it.
Everyones eyes were on Lyssa and she could feel her cheeks flush.  It was just some boy I hardly know.  His name is Toby and he just came back to find his watch hed lost and found me as well.
You were lucky Lyssa, Sean said.  Its a good thing he cant hang on to his time piece or things couldve turned out worse.  Sean winked at her.
Yeah, I guess so, Lyssa said baffled.
How did you get home then?  Did Mr. Johnson give you a ride?  Gwen asked.  If he did I need to thank him as well.
No.  Lyssa cut in.  Toby gave me a ride home.  She let her words trail off.
Toby seems to be your knight in shining armor, Sean said with a chuckle.  Hang on to him Lyssa, there isnt very many of them left.
Lyssa smiled back wishing it was true.
Im really tired for some reason, Lyssas dad said.  I think Im going to go to bed.  
Lyssa watched her dad go upstairs like each step was a mountain.  
What is the matter with him?  Is he sick?  Lyssa asked only after she heard the door to the bathroom close.
Gwens face had a long look to it that she covered up with a smile.
Its alright dear.  Dont worry about anything, Her hand gently caressed over the side of her cheek and then through her hair.
Lyssas head began to swim.  She closed her eyes letting her thoughts scattered like the rolling leaves outside.  Her body swayed side to side, in a gentle motion like caught between ocean waves until everything went blank.  She was relaxed without a care in the world.
Suddenly her eyes popped open to darkness.  She sat up gasping for air wondering where she was.
Gwen!  She yelled out.
Its alright dear, you just fainted and everything is alright.  Gwen turned on the lamp beside the bed.
Now go back to sleep.  Sean and I are spending the night with you and if you need anything I will be downstairs. 
Lyssa laid back down letting her thoughts fade to a quiet, muffled darkness.

Eli

Eli slipped through the door easily.  The girl was in the kitchen with a small furry creature.  It looked similar to a Mog, but much smaller.  The girl had a small, round metallic thing in her hand and the small Mog seemed to want it.  Eli was surprised at the tameness of the creature.  A hungry Mog wouldve had her right arm for dinner as well.  
Eli gazed at the girl.  For a short moment a familiar pang ran through him as he looked into her eyes.  They seemed distant and troubled.  She looked as though she couldve cried.  Eli knew he had to stop whatever this girl had on him.  He was only after the Everspell.  
Eli stood in front of her.  He hoped her screams wouldnt wake anyone else in the dwelling.  Eli was fast though; she was a small Etherling he could throw over his shoulder and out the door in seconds flat.  Her Mog was small too; he could kick it out of the way if he had to.  He stepped even closer reaching forward ready to snatch her when bright lights pierced the room behind him.  Eli froze and for a split second their eyes met.  
She gasped stepping back startled.  Eli withdrew and realized she had seen him through a glamor suitimpossible.  She then scolded her Mog, evidently it was tired of waiting for dinner.  The Mog ate quickly and the girl wrapped her scratched hand in a white towel.  Eli now receded to the corner watching her look around suspiciously.
The door opened and in came three more Etherlingsgreat.  A woman dressed in a neat skirt and jacket came to the girl with great concern.  She called the girl Lyssa.  Two men followed one older with a cane and the other younger looking though not as young as the girl.  They were more likely relatives concerned over her wellbeing.  Eli watched them. 
How he longed for a family that cared for him.  He was left at the age of seven to the world of Fae and never had anyone concerned for him that deeply except for Lil.  He shuttered cursing at himself for losing control over his emotions in such a delicate situation. What was wrong with him that this mission was any different than the rest hed been on?  There was something, but he couldnt place it and instead shrugged everything off and concentrated on getting the girl away from the rest of the Etherworlders.
The girl told them about being left in the woods, but didnt tell about her encounter with him or Cinnia.  Had that been erased from her memory?  She didnt seem bothered as much as the woman. 
Lyssa continued to tell about how a boy named Toby came to her rescue.  Eli didnt know any Toby, more likely another Etherling.  Their conversation ended with the younger looking man excusing himself.  Lyssa asked with concern to the woman she called Gwen about the man.  Gwen stepped in front of Lyssa, raised her hand running it along the face.  Lyssa fell limp as the man with the cane caught her. 
Eli pressed himself to the wall wondering who these two were, and then it was obvious.  They were Fae.  Glowing on the womans hand was a mark, and by the brightness of it, she was a superior Fae, one with great capabilities.  Eli held his breath as Gwen scanned the room.
Do you sense it?  Gwen asked gazing across the room.
Yes, there has definitely been a Fae here, the man said holding girl up.  Lets get Lyssa upstairs then well investigate.
I think they are still here, Gwen said ignoring him.  It is hard to tell.  There are other magical implements being used here.  She was really good Eli thought, she sensed the magic of the glamour suit.  Whoever you are, leave.  I have superior magic you dont want to mess with.  Her voice was strong filled with authority.  That is unless you are up to a challenge.  She added with a smile.
Gwen!  The man scolded.  
What, just giving my warning, she said with a casual shrug of her shoulders.
They took the compelled girl upstairs as Eli went out the front door.  He hated to leave, but he had no choice at least for right now.  Waiting them out was his only option to get Everspell.  
Toby
Toby stood at his locker slowly getting his books out.  He hasnt seen Megan since at the theater.  He wasnt really concerned with her right now.  All he could think about was Lyssa.
I heard what you did this weekend.  Megan startled him causing him to nearly drop his books.  I guess youre a hero saving some loser.  Everyone is talking about you.  She stood with crossed arms.
I realized I lost my watch when we went down to the caves and I went back to find it.  Thats when I found Lyssa.  She mustve fallen or something and I took her to the hospital and thats it. He could feel her inquisitive eyes barring down on him.  There is nothing more.  Toby said firmly shutting his locker.
Megan gave him a long look judgmental look as the whole episode ran through his head like a movie. He hoped she didnt have any super powers that she could see it too.  Megan then smiled at him.
You know, since you are a hero and all, I forgive you for what you said at the movies.  She stepped closer and brushed her pink lips across his chin.  Whatever this is you have going on, stop it or I will make it hard on you.
Megan stepped back, turned walking away from him and then glanced over her shoulder giving him an icy smile.
Toby stood mesmerized by the whole conversation.  Why didnt he just end it with her?  She was more likely cheating on him with some other guy and more likely cheating on that guy as well.  He shook his head as he looked down the hallway when a single word caught him nearly knocking him to his feet.
Lyssa!  A voice beamed out.
Toby turned to see Lyssa surrounded by a sea of people asking a smothering amount of questions.  She looked uncomfortable and blushed as she answered them with a smile.  The bell rang and everyone scattered.  Toby lingered until they were alone.  
Lyssa had her back to him getting her books from her locker.  She shut it and turned towards him.
Oh! she said startled.  Toby I didnt know you were behind me.
No, Im sorry, I shouldnt have scared you, He said thinking that was a stupid thing to say.
No, I am the one who should be sorry. I was rude last night and I really appreciate everything youve done.  
Toby smiled.  Can I walk you to homeroom?  
Sure, but I think we are late.  
Not a problem.  Toby opened his binder pulling out two lifesaving late passes you earn as extra credit.
Late passes, two of them, Lyssa said amazed.  I guess you saved me again.
Toby did feel like a hero.  He valiantly saved Lyssa from either being never found or frozen to death and now a mark to her more than likely perfect attendance record.  Being a hero was like standing on top of the world.
The morning passed to lunch where he ate with Craig, Megan and her entourage of friends.  The whole Lyssa lost- in- the- woods had downed a few notches in popularity and was replaced by a party going on this weekend.  Toby could care less as he watched Lyssa eat by herself at a table that seemed a hundred miles away. 
 He glanced secretly at her.  The windows behind her had a view of the vivid trees outside.  The safe monotone greens gave way to the firry oranges, brilliant reds and charred browns.  Toby could feel each day was like one of those changing trees.  His life wasnt safe and simple in his wants or desires.  Something has opened inside of him a chasm waiting to be filled with a variation of colors that were not simple and expected.  He looked one more time at Lyssa before the bell rang.
You know the Halloween Dance is only a couple of weeks away and I thought we could go as vampires.  Toby glanced at Megan with a blank look.  He hadnt listened to a single word that she said to him.
Vampire, fine.  Toby put two and two together and hoped it equaled four.  Megan smiled and then stood up.
Come on I want to be spontaneous.  Megan grabbed hold of his hand and walked quickly down the hallway past the glassed encased office towards the janitors closet.
Megan, what are you doing?  Well be late for History, Toby said slightly trailing behind her.
History, Shmistory. Thats the past. If we dont do things like this, we are not young and stupid and alive.  Megan pulled Toby past the scrambling kids as lockers slammed shut and the hallway grew quiet with the impending sound of the late bell.
Megan was pressed close to him; he could feel her breath and heart beat as rapidly as his.  Looking into her eyes that were normally light blue took on a darker cast that flickered with flames of mischief.  She smiled at him running her finger over the tip of his ear letting it glide down the side of his neck.  He wanted to walk away so bad, but felt his feet were made of concrete.  Tucked in the corner they waited only to open the squeaky wooden door at the same time the bell blared above them.
Megan moved like the wind whisking down a flight of creaky wooden stairs.  The rest of the school was modern looking compared to the ancient basement that stored forgotten memorabilia, old desks, chairs and half rotten brooms and mops.  It appeared the school never threw anything away.  Instead, they put it down here and forgot about it.
You want to make out here?  Toby asked reaching the bottom step.
Well, we could have sex on Mr. Leeds desk that would be very spontaneous.  Megan took Toby by the hand.  Come on.
She guided him through a small passage between stacked chairs and leaning dust mops.  She lifted up what Toby thought was an old stage curtain, heavy, black and full of dust.  On the other side light filtered through a half circle window that he knew was facing the back parking lot where the teachers parked.  Behind the old stage curtain was like entering another world. 
 Two racks of costumes hung from wire racks.  Old stage props of cut out trees, stone walls and buildings leaned against the wall.  On the floor was a rug with intricate designs. 
Isnt this cool?  Megan asked plopping onto velvet chase that exploded with hundreds of dust particles.
Its spontaneous.  Toby felt like a bug caught in Megans web.  He didnt want to be here at the same time he did.
Megan smiled, sat up and unbuttoned her shirt letting it fall gracefully off her shoulders.  She stood up and slid her arms under his and wrapped them around his waist.  She pulled him close gazing into his eyes.  Toby ran his hands over her back.  He would normally undo her bra at this moment followed by more unbuttoning and pulling off, but something entered his mind that was soft and gentle like a summer breeze.
He could see Megan gazing at him with her eyes swirling with variegated colors of blues and greys.  She smiled and laughed as words came like mumbled gibberish to his ears.  He tried to ask what was going on, but his thoughts were not his own.
Suddenly, he felt something sting and burn on his forearm.  He tried to pull away, but Megan wouldnt let go.  Seriousness filled her eyes that once looked playful had hardened to ice.  
He realized he was lying on the ground and looked up at Megan. Her naked skin was covered with intricate interlocking lines that slithered like snakes in a pit. 
 She smiled as he struggled to get up.  Suddenly, he felt something crawling over his right arm.  The same black like ribbons curled around his arm.  Taking his left hand, he frantically tried to remove whatever it was only to have Megan laugh at him.
Dont bother lover.  You are my mate now not that little Fae girl.  Bending down she hissed extending a thin forked tongue towards him.
Toby only let out a yell in hopes someone would hear him before everything went black.
Lyssa

Lyssa was glad the day was over and she could go home and not be reminded of the Camp Westfield incident.  Quietly, she put her books in her locker deciding she would take her Math book home and finish it.  She shut her locker and turned to have Toby in front of her. 
Sorry, I scared you again, Toby said as Lyssa let her heart fall back into her chest again.
Thats alright, next time give me a little warning, she said looking into his green eyes.
Can I give you a ride home?  It looks like its going to rain.  
Lyssa wanted nothing more than to say yes, but she hesitated, this was too good to be true.
Wont Megan be mad?  Lyssa said trying to break the spell between them with a strong dose of reality.
Yeah, he shrugged his shoulders. Probably, Toby said with a smile.  Shes nothing but a selfish, controlling bitch,
Lyssas mouth dropped open as Toby smiled and slightly laughed at her reaction.
Surprised I would say that?  Toby tilted his head to the side.
Well, yeah, she replied still astonished.
Lyssa shook her head and smiled not believing her ears. 
Come on, he said walking backwards away from her with the rumble of thunder.  I think its going to rain.
Just like Sam, Lyssa bolted for Tobys truck just as the rain poured down.  She knew it was wrong, Toby had a girlfriend.  Even though Megan wasnt noted for her faithfulness, Lyssa was none the better, but looking into Tobys emerald eyes and the smell of rain mixed with the pounding of her heart made it easier to fall into.  
Lyssa pushed back her slightly damp hair as Toby started the ignition.  
Thanks for giving me a ride home.  The rain began to pound on the windshield as Lyssa smiled at Toby.
No problem, Toby said and put the truck into gear.
Did Mr. Leed talk to you yet?  He was pretty mad, Lyssa said as they turned the corner going in the opposite direction of her house.  She sat up wondering where Toby planned on going.
Toby burrowed his eyes shaking his head.  Why would he be mad?
Well, you werent in class, Lyssa said slowly.  I dont mean to be not grateful, but where are you going?
They went past Wild Bills gas station headed out of townfast.  
I was in class, I remember. he said as his body tensed.
Lyssa didnt know what to do as they sped off down the road with the rain pouring down.  
Toby I think you need to at least slow down and turn around would be nice, Lyssa said watching the road and looking at him.
He didnt reply only peered forward passing cars dangerously when she noticed something curl around Tobys wrist.  It slithered like a snake only it had no definite shape, like it was a shadow.  She glanced away and looked again as another tentacle curled around his neck brushing his cheek.  Lyssa couldnt help but scream.  Suddenly, her palm burned with excitement.  It was happening again, her mark, as she referred to it too, was illuminated.  Lyssa reached for the black slithering snake surprised that she physically held it.  It squirmed frantically in her clenched hand like she had just grabbed a handful of earthworms.  
Oh my God!  Lyssa screamed and rolled down her window as she watched the flailing tentacle try to reach back for Toby.
Frantically, she threw it out the window and it exploded into a puff of curling smoke.  She was relieved there was no one behind them.
Lyssa looked over at Toby who suddenly fell limp.  Quickly, she grabbed the wheel and positioned herself on Tobys lap kicking his foot off the accelerator and slammed the brakes on.  The truck stopped.  Lyssa looked in the rear view mirror moving the truck to the side of the road.  She got off of Toby as he came to.  She sat back catching her breath, heart pounding and shaking wondering what had just happened.
Lyssa?  Toby asked confused.  Whatwhat just happened?
She gazed at him.  He had no memory of what just happened.  She couldnt tell him that there were these snakes-like things crawling all over you and I threw them out the window as you passed out when I got on your lap and drove us to safety.
A dog ran out in front of us, Lyssa said as calmly as she could.  Do you feel O.K.?
Yeah, I think.
What are you doing in my truck?  Toby asked.
You were giving me a ride home.  
Oh, Im headed the wrong way, Toby said dumbfounded.
Why dont you let me drive?  Lyssa suggested.  It was a big dog that jumped out in front of us.
Toby shook his head and then smiled at Lyssa.
Thats embarrassing, but I think I would rather be embarrassed than get in an accident.
Lyssa got behind the wheel and drove to her house.  She could hardly keep herself from trembling and looked discretely at her palm.  It wasnt glowing.  It looked normal or at least as normal goes these days.  
Lyssa glanced over at Toby to see if there were any more snakes crawling on him.  He tilted his head back and closed his eyes.  She shivered at the way they felt in her hand, like leeches trying to suck blood off a host.  Lyssa shuddered. 
It wasnt until she removed whatever it was she removed that he came to his senses.  She could only think of all the fairy tales she used to read when she was little about evil spells and curses.  Could whatever happened in the forest have affected Toby as well?  She couldnt let this go, no matter how bazar everything appeared.
Thanks for the ride, Lyssa said.
Toby slid over to the drivers seat smiling at her.  Im the one who should thank you or we might have hit a dog, Toby replied with a sense of uneasiness masked in humor.
Lyssa nodded her head.  See you tomorrow, she said with a wave.
Lyssa went up to the front door, opened it and then ran up to her room shutting her door behind her.
This cant be happening, She ran her fingers through her hair.
Lyssa.  Gwens voice came from the other side of her door. Is that you dear?
Yeah, I just got home.  Lyssa opened the door.
What are you doing here?  I thought you werent coming until this weekend.  Lyssa asked as Gwen stepped in with a large dress bag.  
Trying to get rid of me already?  And I even made you a one of a kind dress for your Halloween dance.  Gwen hung the hanger on a hook beside the closet and unzipped it like she was opening a Christmas present.  I couldnt wait to show you.  That is why I came unannounced.  
I didnt mean for it to sound like that.  I just wasnt expecting anyone home.
I know, so I thought I would surprise you.  Gwen peeled back the black plastic and took out the most beautiful dress Lyssa had ever seen.
Thats beautiful!  Lyssa said gazing at the shifting colors of burgundies to plums.
Well dont just look at it.  Try it on, Gwen said handing it over to her.
Lyssa went into the bathroom and slipped on the spaghetti strap, shimmering dress that had a high waist and flared out just above her knees.  She couldnt help but to twirl in it feeling the smooth material against her skin.  The color was almost magical in the way it changed depending on how she moved and it accented her light skin and reddish hair beautifully.  Even without makeup she thought she looked pretty or at least prettier.
Well, Gwen prompted.
Lyssa opened the door and went into her room twirling around once.  Gwen stepped over seeing if there were any palaces that need altering.
Its beautiful Gwen, thank you.  Lyssa looked in her door mirror.
I am glad you like it and the most important thing that will complement it is shoes.  Gwen pulled out a box that had heeled dyed to match satin shoes.
You guessed my shoe size right, Lyssa said taking small steps in her heeled shoes.
I cheated and looked at a pair in your closet.  Gwen shrugged her shoulders. Im not that good at guessing.
You shouldve just asked.  Lyssa turned to Gwen who sat on the bed.
I wanted to surprise you.
Lyssa turned back around fidgeting with her dress.
Gwen, Lyssa took a deep breath.  Do you ever have strange things happen to you?  
Lyssa tried to sound casual even though just the thought of the snakes crawling on Toby and the way they felt in her hand made her shiver.  She turned and looked at Gwen as she gave Lyssa a look of concern mixed with curiosity.
What do you mean, like Deja vu?  Gwen straightened and gazed at Lyssa.
No, I dont know, things you cant explain.  Lyssa began to wish she didnt ask.
Like what?  Gwen prodded.
Like things you think you see and then they arent there.
Like a hallucination.  Gwens voice rang with relief to the awkward discussion.  You know you are still recovering from the bump on your head, so it could be caused by that.  If things keep happening make sure you let me know.  Gwen stood up came over to Lyssa and cradled her head in her hands.  No matter how insignificant it seems, call me.
Lyssa shook her head in agreement as Gwen looked down at her watch.
I have to be going.
Thanks for the dress.  Its really beautiful.  Lyssa smiled at Gwen with her hand on the knob.
Youre welcome.  And remember, anything happens call me day or night.
Gwen left and Lyssa took off her dress, hung it on a hanger and then looked at it.  She debated about going to the dance.  Now she guessed she was going since Gwen went to the trouble of making the most beautiful dress shed ever seen.
Lyssa plopped on her bed gazed blankly at the ceiling.  She closed her eyes and tried to forget about the ride in Tobys truck, the shadowy figure in the kitchen last night and everything that happened at Camp Westfield.  Things like that just cant happen, but the odds were against her now and Lyssa was beginning to doubt her own sanity.
Eli

Waiting patiently in the cover of the thicket, Eli waited for the suspicious Fae woman to leave.  His goal was only to get the Everspell. He had been watching the house for a couple of days waiting for his chance to get the girl alone and finally it had come.
Stalking now are we?  Deravon said behind Eli.
Eli only glared up at Deravon in protest.  He didnt care if Deravon was there or not, even though he preferred him not there.  He had been useful to Eli, but he worked alone and only concentrated on his plan.
Eli would go into the dwelling, extract the Everspell, leave her with no memory of it and take it back to Isle of Stars.  There it would be safe and no one would be able to get it, not even the Muses. 
 Eli knew the Everspell was raw magic, neither good nor bad.  It was simple, once guided the magic turned to however the one controlling molded it and stopping evil magic was like trying to swim in quicksand.  No Fae or Etherling should have it.  Its power once tasted would overtake them and no one was strong enough to harness the magic.
So whats your plan?  I know you have one.  Deravon continued to prod.
None of your business, quiet.  Eli slowly crept from the thicket.
Eli found the door unlocked and silently went inside with the feeling of Deravons eyes on him.  The glamour suits magic had run out and was useless now.  He would have to depend on his cunningness to get the Everspell.
The house was dark and he hoped the girl was asleep, that would make it much easier.  Eli knew the girls room must be upstairs as that is where the Fae woman and man took her after they compelled her.
He reached the stairs and slowly began his ascend up the darkened staircase.  He reached the top only to have a low growl and a hiss greet him.  Small silver disks reflected back at him.  It was the girls small Mog.
Go away you mutated Mog.  Eli pushed the animal away with his foot.  
The Mog scampered off with a hiss.  Eli crept forward towards an open door with a dim light filtering through it.  Reaching it, he opened it enough to pass through to the girls room.
Eli stopped and could see the girl peacefully sleeping on her side.  Her reddish hair cascaded over the pillow.  For a split second he felt something intertwine between them.  
Looking at his glowing mark and then back at the girl who slept soundly, he knew only one chance sat between him and the Everspell. He couldnt take any more chances and what he was to do could hurt the girl.  Hesitating only a moment before he bent beside the girls bed, he could see her mark glow as brightly as his.
Gently he lifted her hand, held it close to his until their marks locked.  The pull was magnificent, like nothing Eli had felt before. The joining of marks was only used on criminals as a lie detector and even then wasnt very credible.  Eli had never used it for personal information as even with words, thoughts can still be distorted.  
After the initial thrust of their interlocking marks, everything stood in a still whiteness.  Eli could hear the girls heartbeat; feel the warmth of her skin and gentleness of her breathing.  He still hadnt connected with her thoughts yet and slightly hesitated to do because something felt too familiar with her, something that was close to him.
Closing his eyes he pushed forward.  Unfamiliar faces flashed before him followed by a yearning that consumed the girl.  He didnt press into that feeling thinking that would lead to a dead end.  He had to stay focused.  Suddenly, he stopped as if someone had grabbed his arm almost disconnecting their joining marks.
Who are you?  What do you want?  Is this a dream?  The girls voice echoed in his head.
Eli didnt answer right away as something like this has never happened before.  Usually the one who initiated the joining was in control.
I dont want to hurt you.  He tried to reassure her.  I just want the Everspell.
The girl didnt answer and tried to pull away.  Eli pulled her close forcing the girl to open up to him.  Scenes of different people flashed again before him.  They meant nothing to him as he began to feel frustrated.
Where is it?  Eli yelled to her.
I dont have it!  
He pushed harder than he ever had, going deeper into her feelings.  She was a lonely girl and yearned for something she could never have.  Eli could have fallen into her emotions, but his mission was not that.  
 What would the Everspell be?  Would it be bright and obvious to him?  Then flashes of a familiar face smiled back at him.  The gold red hair and green eyes twinkled at him were unmistakable.  It was the face of the Fae who had stolen his heart.  It was Lil and she had been with the girl.  How he wanted to interrogate her, but it was just her image, nothing more.
Where are you hiding it Ehterling?  Eli demanded as the last dissolving image faded and he stood face to face with the girl.
She tried to turn away pulling at her hand.  Eli grabbed hold of her wrist pulling her closer.
Give it to me!  Eli glared at her.  I know you have connections.
Let me go!  The girl cried.
Eli knew by either oath or spell the girl wasnt going to give up the Everspell.  He then reached deeper into her thoughts than he had ever done.  It was hard to stay on course, but he didnt let his emotions stray.  
He could hear the girl scream and beg him to stop.  He paid no attention to her as he floated through the girls thoughts like a hummingbird to a field of flowers.  Then it was clear to him, she kept all of her secrets in one place, locked under a key.  Etherlings always documented everything in books and by doing so made it easy for anyone to read them.  But they didnt have magic to give to their words for protection and a good thing, or this wouldve been harder.  Eli gave a small smile. He had outwitted Lil this time.
The Everspell was in a book that she kept in her nightstand.  Eli read her thoughts like he was reading a map.  He had the information he wanted and looking one last time at the girl he pulled his mark from hers.  
He could had been gentle, but he had a mission to worry about not some Etherling.  With his emotions still tangled with hers, he rubbed his mark looking at the girl.  She looked peaceful only her sheets were knotted around her.  Shaking the remaining feelings off, he pulled open her nightstand drawer and found the Everspell.
Chapter Six
Lyssa

You look really tired why dont you stay home today?  Lyssa dad said sitting at the table.
I cant, I have test in math today.  Lyssa was surprised that he even suggested that she stayed home.
Her dad looked at her over his bent newspaper studying her.
You definitely have your mothers eyes you know that? he said suddenly.
Lyssa felt a lump form in her throat.  I do, she replied meekly.
Yes, they were beautiful like the color of a blue delphinium that just fully opened.  Lyssa smiled. At least she was in the same category as flowers now.
I like delphiniums, she said twirling her fork across the syrup covered plate.
You like the short mound growing tiny flowers?  He asked with his paper in front of his face. 
Yes, Lyssa said having no idea what they were.
Thats funny because delphiniums are tall plants with a row of bell shaped flowers on them.  His paper curled down and his eyes twinkled.
Well, I like them now.  Lyssa got up and took her plate to the sink as her dad smiled giving her an uh huh.
Really, Lys, stay home today. Gwen thought it would be a good idea too. 
Lyssa didnt reply only tried to retain her tears.  Why couldnt every day be this way?  Lyssa for the first time in a long time felt more important than plants, ads and working at his shop.
Lys, are you O.K.?  His voice rang with a tinge of concern.
Yes, just like you said, tired.  Lyssa composed herself, let her dad call the school and went back to bed.

The next thing she knew it was about three in the afternoon.  She couldnt believe shed slept the whole day.  She felt a little stiff but finally rested from all the nightmares she had.  They seem distant now and barely remembered them.  Everything seemed to be returning to normal.  No more creatures, weird alien people and no one trying to get her.  
Sitting on the edge of her bed, she thought about Zoey.  She didnt tell her dad about the message on the answering machine and she wasnt going to.  If Zoey didnt come, hed be heart broken and she didnt want to let him down.  If she showed up, things would be great and better yetcomplete. And if Zoey didnt show up, then her dad was none the wiser.  Deep down Lyssa wished a hundred times that Zoey would come back and tell them she is here to stay.  
Lyssa fell back onto her bed holding her old teddy bear.  She ran her finger over the broken pendant that looped around its neck.  A small silver disk that had been broken in half had the word Hope on it.  It was her mothersone of the few tangible items that survived the fire. 
Lyssa took it off the bear and decided to wear it.  It wasnt anything really pretty or ornate and the jagged edge made it look broken, but Lyssa didnt care as she pressed it between her fingers until the word Hope made an imprint in her skin.  
I wish Zoey was here.  Just as she finished whispering her wish the front door opened and shut.  Lyssa quickly sat up and went to the edge of the stairwell.
Zoey!  Lyssa bounced down the stairs hoping it was her.
Lyssa stopped part way as it was her dad that had come in the front door instead of using the kitchen door like he always did.  Lyssa felt her heart drop to her knees.
Hey Lys, he said before going into his study.
Lyssa wanted it to be Zoey that would come through the door any minute.  She continued down the stairs and into her dads study where he was putting a flower book back in its proper categorized place on one of the many shelves.
How was your day?  Lyssa asked as she sat down on the velvety Victorian style couch that had curved legs lifting it slightly off the ground.  Lyssa always liked sitting in it and felt like a princess in it when she was little.
Wonderful.  He replied in an unbelievable upbeat tone complete with a smile.
What happened?  Lyssa asked.
I had this customer a few weeks ago buy a lot of flowers from me and even hired me to landscape them for her.  Well, now she doesnt like the way they look and she spent a lot of money.  I went over today to fix it for her and I think she likes it now and I am hoping she is out of my hair.  
What is she rich or something?  Lyssa asked lying back on the couch as if she was some Victorian woman posing for a painting.
Her last name is Mourhill, he said pulling out another book and opening it.
Mournhill?  Lyssa sat up and looked at him.  You meant Megans mom?
He looked at her with confusion before returning to his book.
Is that someone you go to school with?  
Yeah, shes in my class.  
Well next time you see her ask about her moms plants.  See if she says anything about it, he said without looking at her.
Lyssa didnt have plans on asking Meagan that, shed have better luck asking the Devil how the weather is in Hell.  Besides, Lyss only saw Megans mom a couple of times and they live in the country in a big house surrounded by tall trees.  Their house looked like a castle all stone and glass. 
  What do you want for dinner tonight?  Her dad asked breaking her thoughts of Meagan. 
I dont know.
Well, we could order a pizza.  His voice had a tone of enticement in it.
Lyssa looked at her dad who sat wide eyed raising his eyebrows.  She couldnt help but to smile back at him agreeing to pizza which she didnt have a problem with anyway.

Half pepperoni and cheese pizza sat on their table with only one piece of pepperoni left.  Lyssa again thought about Zoey.  If she was here she wouldve had at least two pieces of cheese pizza and made a salad to go with it. 
 Lyssa gazed out the window wishing she would catch a glimpse of her red gold hair or smiling face as she came up to the door.
You only ate one piece.  Her dad said cramming the last bit of crust into his mouth.
I guess I wasnt as hungry as I thought.
Well how about you go out and get the mail while I clean up for a change.  Lyssa smiled at him as she got up.
You know what I wish, Lyssa suddenly said even at her own surprise.
What?
I want things to be like this always.
You mean have me clean up after every meal? he said with a small laugh.
No.  Lyssa smiled at him.  Have things just as they are now.
Lyssa went outside and down the walk to their mail box.  She walked slowly thinking how she really did wish she could bottle up the evening she just had with her dad and reopen it later when things weredifferent.  But she couldnt do that, no matter how hard she wished. 
 Life with her dad was like being on a roller coaster.  One day he seemed normal caring and involved in her life and other times distant and forgetful.  She wondered if he had some sort of disease affecting him.  Surly something like this has a name or even bettera cure. 
 Lyssa noticed though when he went to Seans and Gwens house, especially for the weekend, he would come back usually tired and then booming with energy the next day.  She used to go when she was younger and never noticed anything.  
Now, she began to wonder what was going on especially everything that has happened.  But she didnt want to overturn any stones that didnt need turning over.  Things were a normal happy and she could talk, tease and eat pizza with her dad.  That was all she wanted.
Dad, guess what you got.  Three garden magazines and one of them are designing gardens for snooty, rich people, Lyssa said teasingly as she came in the door to find her dad smearing something red all over the kitchen wall.  She watched him for a moment second guessing her vision as she let the magazines and two bills slip from her hand to the floor.
Dad!  She yelled catching his attention.  What are you doing?  The spell of normalcy had been broken and Lyssa knew it.
Lyssas dad was whispering a chanting sound in a deep rhythm and painting with his finger intricate designs with what Lyssa seen was ketchup.  He then turned and looked at her with depthless eyes that almost looked dead.
What are you doing dad?  Stop it!  She pleaded running her fingers through her hair.
Lyssa we have to protect ourselves.  The Drakes are coming.  
Lyssa wasted no time and called Gwen.  She didnt know what to do pacing the floor for a half an hour begging her dad to stop who paid no attention to her.
Lyssa! Thomas!  Gwens voice rang through the house like a life boat to Lyssa.
Gwen!  My dad, hes in the kitchen!  Lyssa ran to Sean and Gwen who looked with great concern at her.
Sean skidded past Lyssa and into the kitchen as Gwen wrapped her arm around Lyssa.
Gwen, my dad has gone crazy.  She couldnt hold in her tears anymore and began to wail with sobs.
No, he isnt, Gwen said cradling her face.
Gwen hes smearing ketchup on the walls telling me something is coming and we need to protect ourselves.  That isnt normal.
Gwen held Lyssa and then peered into her eyes.  Lyssa could hear low mummers in the kitchen and wondered what was going on.  When she tried to go Gwen stopped her.
Lyssa listen to me.  Her voice caught Lyssa attention and she stopped.  Everything will be alright.  None of this happened and there are no Drakes coming.  I will keep you safe and that is all you have to worry about.
Lyssa mind was tuned into only one thing and that was Gwens voice.
Do you understand me Lyssa?  
Yes, Lyssa replied as her thoughts and concerns for her dad faded no matter how she tried to cling to them.
Toby

Toby looked at the purplish hues under his eyes.  He could hardly sleep since he gave a ride home to Lyssa two weeks ago.  How could he have blacked out?  He clearly remembered following Megan to the schools basement and then he was suddenly in his truck with Lyssa beside him.  
He couldve told his parents, but he felt embarrassed and nothing has happened since.  Surely by now he was O.K., but something still troubled him as he put on his satin black vampire cape.  At least he did look the part now, pale skin with dark circles under his eyes.

Toby circled Megans house twice before stopping.  She has been extra nice lately.  He wondered why.  She wasnt as demanding and even acknowledged Lyssa a couple of times complimenting her on a shirt or jeans she was wearing.  Toby thought she was only saying that to turn to her friends making fun of Lyssa, but instead she stood by her remark saying she really did like her jeans.  Megan had changed suddenly to a nice person but to Toby, that niceness has a ring of suspicion behind it.  
Weve better hurry or well be late, Megan said putting on her seatbelt.
You look delightful.  Megan leaned over and ran her gloved finger across his chin.
She then gave a playful laugh as Toby glanced at her.  Her hair was fuller and wild looking, Toby thought it looked sexy.  Even with what looked like a ton of make-up, Megan still looked beautiful.  Her short black skirt barely covered her fishnet stocking covered legs.  Toby could hardly stop lookingMegan was hot and he knew what they would be doing after the dance.
Do you want to go to the lake after the dance?  Toby asked.
Megan smiled giving him a playful look.  You read my mind.

The gym had been transformed into a haunted mansion complete with the effects of dry ice and fake cobwebs.  Craig looked at Toby in his vampire costume and let out a chuckle.
Had to dress up, huh?  Craig stood in his jeans and black T-shirt that said This is my costume.
Toby shrugged his shoulders and gave him a pitiful look of embarrassment.  Most people had costumes on, but Craig knew how controlling Megan was.
I guess it is Halloween, Toby said trying to give an excuse and to not look like Megans little pet.
Yeah, maybe when you were ten.  Craig was stating to anger Toby and Toby knew Craig was right as he stood gazing at him with crossed arms.
Megan came up to Toby wrapped her arm into his and gave Craig a cold look with her squinted eyes.
Craig gave a fake scared look waving his hands in front of his face.
Oh, no, Im scared.  Craig then laughed at Megan.  He enjoyed tormenting her which was easily done.
Whatever, Megan said not amused.
 Megan took Toby by the hand where she met with her friends.  He heard them talk but didnt pay attention.  Was he over what had happened?  He could only hope so before it started to mess things up too much. 
Earth to Toby, Megan said in his ear.  I asked you if you could get us all a drink.
Toby sat back.  What was he a waiter now?
Sure, be right back, Toby said as the squabbling girls laughed as he got up and left.
Weaving his way through the sea of dancing people something caused him to stop and look over at the entrance.  
Between the bobbing heads Toby caught glances of her.  Her hair was up letting a few strands hang down barely brushing her shoulders.  He had never seen her look so pretty like one of the porcelain dolls in Megans bedroom.  She stood looking uncomfortable and just as she began to turn away to leave Toby called her name.  Lyssa stopped as Toby made his way through the crowd of people.
Hey, he said with a smile.  Care to dance with a Vampire?  
Wont your Vampire girlfriend rip my head off just for fun?  Lyssa nodded behind Toby as she smiled at him.
Not if I rip hers off first.  He showed his fake vampire teeth.
Lyssa laughed back at him.  He liked it when she did that.  Something about the sound of her voice and the way she laughed he liked.
So did you come alone?  Toby asked peering down at her.
Lyssa looked around her and then shrugged her shoulders as she shook her head back and forth.  Of course.  
You werent at school the other day.  I was wondering if you were alright. Toby asked.
Yeah, just a little bug, thats all.
You look really nice can I get you something to drink?  Toby asked pointing back at the punch bowl.
No thanks.  Lyssa laughed again making Toby smile.
Its kind of loud in here, do you want to go outside were we can talk?  Toby asked peering around him to catch a glimpse of Megan.
Sure.
The thumping of the music filtered to the cool air outside.  Toby led Lyssa to a gazebo surrounded by a small garden that the Greenhouse Methods class built a couple of years ago and was the perfect place to hide from Megan.
The soft light of the solar lights illuminated the area around them making the dew glisten like diamonds on the blades of grass.  Toby looked at Lyssa who sat across from him.  
Cold?  Toby asked.
No.
Are you sure?
Yes.
Nervous?
Ye Lyssa stopped and smiled at Toby.
Toby smiled back and looked into Lyssas eyes.  Their gazes interlocked.  Something drew him to her.  The thread like spiders silk grew tighter and closer to her.  He couldnt resist leaning over wanting to steal a kiss from her.
We shouldnt do this.  Lyssa whispered.
Ssh.  Toby didnt want to think of that right now, he wanted to see what it was like to kiss Lyssa Cleverthorn.
What the hell?  Megans piercing voice broke the spell.
Toby stood up quickly like a soldier called to attention. Megan glared at them with crossed arms.  She looked like an angered spider with dark eyes and stringy hair that wildly framed her pale face.
I said what the hell?  Megan stepped closer with her eyes darting between Lyssa and Toby.
It isnt what you think.  Toby tried to come up with an excuse knowing it really didnt look good.
What were you doing?  Discussing the flowers?  Megan began to tap her foot.  Look, I am going to make this simple.  Either stop seeing this looser or I will make it worse on you, she said poking Toby in the shoulder with each word she said.
Megans black eyes seemed to darken when Lyssa stepped out from behind Toby.  Lyssa looked small and meek like a rabbit getting ready to run from a hungry lioness.
As for you bitch, I suggest you run and stay out of my business.  It doesnt concern you and your kind.  Megan pushed Lyssa backwards.
Lyssa fell to the ground stunned as Megan smiled and then pounced on her.  Toby tried to grab Megan by the arm pulling her off of Lyssa who took a couple of smacks across the cheek.
Megan, stop it!  Toby yelled jerking Megan back.  She didnt do anything.
Youre wrong.  Both of you did and just one more timeone more time and I wont be nice.
Megan straightened her cape and walked off leaving Toby alone in the cool mist that encased the schoolyard.  Toby looked to where Lyssa was.  She had run off.  Toby felt torn, he should try to go and explain things to Megan and put their relationship to an end at the same time he needed to explain himself to Lyssa.
Pacing back and forth for a couple of seconds he stopped noticing something on the ground that glittered slightly in the dim light.  It was a heeled shoe, burgundy in color with rhinestones covering it.  Small in size he knew it was Lyssas.  Not looking back Toby took the shoe and got into his truck.
Lyssa

Lyssa took a short cut to get home sooner.  All of the trick- or- treaters were in their homes gobbling up their goodies while Lyssa could walk home barefoot, unnoticed.  She had lost one shoe and in haste threw the other one to the ditch as she ran by.  She hated high heels anyhow.  Her feet were bare and wet from the dew covered grass.  She felt stupid for letting Toby lead her on.  What was she doing anyhow?  He had a girlfriend, not a very good one in her opinion, but now, she was no better than Megan.  Lyssa felt lower than a slug.  She hated girls like Megan who take affections for granted and now she was just like her except Megan was pretty and could try on any guy she wanted.
Lyssa stopped closed her eyes standing at the end of her sidewalk and made a promise to herself.  She would not look at Toby again and go on with her mundane life.
The house was dark, darker than usual.  Her dad always left a light on.  Maybe he forgot she thought and pulled her key out to unlock the door when she noticed the door was cracked open.  A pang of fear radiated through her and she began to tremble.  Opening the door her hand went to the wall switch and she flicked it on.
Dad, Lyssa yelled with no reply.
Stepping in, she went into the living room wondering if he was just in his study and didnt hear her.
Dad, She repeated in hopes of a reply.
From the darkness a small chuckle followed by a familiar face emerged from the darkness.
Dad isnt here, sorry there luv.  The blonde haired woman that Lyssa thought was just a figment of her imagination stood before her.
This cant be happening.  Youre not real.
The woman smiled with an amused expression mixed with confusion.  Her black suit nearly blended in with the darkness.  Her movements were like a cat, smooth and silent with her eyes fixed on Lyssa.
Why I am very much real no matter what you think and if you want to think that, its fine with me.  Her voice was cold, ridged and arrogant.  
The womans smile turned to a slight scowl almost animal like as she tried to reach for Lyssa.  Jumping back, Lyssa ran back towards the kitchen pushing a small table over trying to trip the woman.  The woman jumped over the obstacle without hesitation.  Lyssa made it to the kitchen where she stopped and grabbed a butcher knife from the array of knives from the block on the counter.  Lyssa knew she couldnt out run the girl for very long; she would have to protect herself.
The woman stopped at the opposite end of the table as Lyssa could hardly believe this was happening.
Wheres my dad?  Lyssa pointed the knife at the woman who stood gazing back at her.
You are no warrior child and shouldnt use knives against ones who know how to use them, she said starting to walk around the table as Lyssa moved away from her until they were going around in a circle.
What did you do with my dad?  Lyssa repeated.
The woman smiled.  Dont worry, I found out he didnt have anything I wanted but the Muses had a good use for him.
Muses?  Lyssa questioned.
Yes, the Musesthe greatest of the Faes.  Youre a lucky Etherling.  They want you as well.  To serve the Muses is the greatest thing a Fae could do, and especially an Etherling is a rare chance that will never happen again.
Youre crazy!  Lyssa yelled throwing the knife towards her and bolting for the back door.  
Lyssa nearly ripped the hinges off bursting through it and running towards the road.  She would go to Mr. Johnsons house.  He had a shotgun. 
Lyssa could hear the woman curse running after her.  Lyssas feet were numb with the sting of gravel on them, but she didnt care all she wanted was to get to Mr. Johnsons house when suddenly a flash of light exploded beside her.
Lyssa skidded to the ground, rocks scraping her skin.  She knew she had to get up and run.  Just as she tried to, something hard hit her in the back knocking the air from her lungs and burning her skin.  She tried to scream as she fell forward.
Stop Cinnia!  A male voice came from beside her.
Lyssa couldnt move as she heard a struggle and yells behind her followed by more blasts of light when suddenly two beams of light filled her vision.  It was a truck and she knew more likely, Toby.
She then felt someone roll her over and in the blinding light she heard Tobys voice.
Lyssa.  Tobys eyes were swelled with concern.
Before she could say anything, a blinding light surrounded them with sparks burning and hissing through the air.  Just as quickly as everything had happened, darkness surrounded them again.  
From the blackness came a single set of footsteps.  Toby picked up Lyssa and was headed to his truck when someone stood in their way.
Where do you think you are going Etherling boy?  The voice was familiar to Lyssa.
Lyssa looked at the dark haired man with eyes like sparkling jewels.
We meet again darling.  I hope you remember me, the man playfully said.
Step aside, cant you see shes hurt, Toby said trying to step pass him.
Not so fast therewhat are you anyhow?  A Vampire, I didnt know they still existed. The man tapped his chin looking at Toby and then smiled.  Well, anyhow, that doesnt matter. I will take it from here.  No Etherling will cure her wounds and since you wont remember any of this, I find your actions most heroic and I must say you look good doing it.
Lyssa could feel the mans hands slide under her as he quickly waved his hand over Toby who fell to the ground.  The action took only a second and happened so quickly that Lyssa could hardly let out a scream.
Oh, look his chivalrous actions just never stop.  He bent down propping Lyssa up with one arm and picking up her shoe she must have lost at the schoolyard.  Just like in Cinderella, he was bringing your shoe to you.  But really Etherling you shouldnt date vampires, they will just leave you anemic.
Toby, Lyssa faintly said.  What did you do to him?  Let me go.  She tried to struggle in his strong grip.
Dont worry, Prince Charming here will wake up none the wiser thinking he just had too much to drink, actually waaay too much to drink.
The man turned smiling at Lyssa and before she could say anything blackness filled her eyes with the chuckle of the mans voice echoing in her ears.
Eli

The rain was cold, steady and miserable.  Eli held securely under his cloak the Everspell.  Unfortunately, the portals lead him to Avalon just as it was designed to do by the Muses for him.  Now the problem was to escape undetected and take the Everspell safely to the Isle of Stars.  
Eli dressed in a traveling cloak with many pockets and an oversized concealing hood was perfect to blend in with the mass of Faes going here and there in their everyday travels.  He flowed with the foot traffic making several turns along the paved pathways that were nestled between the tall silver buildings.  
He could take a portal to the outskirts of town to the main Portway, but you had to have a pass and that meant your name and destination would be declared, he decided being on foot was better.  
The clean silver buildings of offices, theaters and museums surrounded by neat fenced gardens with tall trees gave way to a darker side of town where Eli would have a better chance at going undetected. 
The buildings were made of old stones practically crumbling to the ground.  Brothels, opium dens and other illegal activities of all unimaginable things went on here.  A few Fae, usually poor, lived here hidden away from the prosperity of the rest of Avalon. 
Eli always thought of this area as a wound to Avalon that never healed and it was here that the Muses had their fake generosity be known in a shelter for the Fae who lived Duegar District.  It was in the shelter that most of their illegal doings went on.
Eli didnt look at any of the passing Faes, only kept to himself and avoided the occasional outbreak of a fight.  It was only a couple of blocks away and he would skid past the gated, wealthy community of Sidhe Hills to the openness of the Shimmerick woods to the portal that he hoped was still there after all these years.
Keeping his eyes forward and hood over his face, he walked past the all-to-sterile looking shelter that had a few Faes, mostly drunk, outside yelling at one another.  On the other side was a tavern.  Music blared from it along with screams and yells and laughter.  Eli glanced over when suddenly a woman dressed in a long, blood red cloak stepped out in front of him. 
Excuse me, he mumbled trying to step around her.
Wait, you look like you need a date, she said stepping back in front of him.
No, I dont.  Eli again walked around her.
I said, you need a date.  The dark haired, icy blue eyed girl quickly placed the tip of a dagger discretely to his stomach.
Eli looked down at her.  There wasnt enough time to reach for his dagger to overtake her.  She then motioned for him to go into the dark tavern.  
Walking side by side she pressed the pointed dagger into his side as she looked up at him and smiled.
Dont try anything and stay beside me unless you want to die.  She then looked forward and both of them entered the blackened doorway of the tavern.
Inside wasnt much better than the outside.  Dirty diseased Faes littered the place.  Eli didnt make eye contact with too many of them as the girl led him past the long bar to a partitioned off area behind a tapestry curtain.
Once behind the curtain the girl pushed him away putting her dagger away.  She then sat on the small cot taking off her cape.
I said I didnt want a date.  Eli wasnt going to waste time being tricked and began to turn when he was face to face with another Fae.
Dont worry she isnt that desperate yet, he said shoving Eli backwards.
Lets stick to the plan if we could please, the girl said now donning a belt with what looked like an array of weapons and a darker, long jacket that flared out behind her.
The girl pushed the cot out of the way and then with what looked like an etch she ran her fingers over the wood floor trying to find just the right area to start.
Thats an etch.  Are you two sentries?  Eli asked.
The blonde haired boy laughed slightly at Elis remark.
Shut up or we wont make it out alive.  I do believe the Muses are after you, the girl said making her final line where the floor opened to a black hole.  
Quickly, she looked at Eli before being swallowed by the black hole. 
Your next, the boy said pushing him.
Eli landed with a thud as the boy who was very agile landed practically without a noise.  The girl helped Eli up and quickly sealed the hole.
I demand to know whats going on. Eli reached into his pocket for his orillion.  Its light was cool making long sharp shadows of their faces.
You know Lil?  The girl asked.
Elis mouth dropped open slightly. Yes.
She is the one who sent us after you.
Lyssa

Lyssa woke to softness all around her.  Slowly, she opened her eyes and realized she wasnt in her room.  The bed was large and in front of her was a small wood dresser with a lavender colored puffy seat neatly pushed up to it.  She could see only part of the bed reflecting in the mirror and knew she was at Gwens house.  Lifting herself up she realized she was laying on her stomach dressed in an oversized night gown.  
Sitting up she tried to remember what had happened.  She was at the dance, Toby almost kissed her and a slap on the cheek from Megan was the price she paid.  Lyssa ran her fingers through her hair.  She wished she didnt have a memory of that.
Slowly, she stood up feeling light headed, she steadied herself on a chair next to the bed.  She then went into the bathroom that was attached to the bedroom.  
Gwens and Seans house was beautiful and filled with antique furniture.  Lyssa liked coming here as a little girl.  The gardens, all the rooms, and the beautiful staircase that was open with plush carpeting, opulent enough for a princess to make her grand entrance.
Lyssa looked at herself in the mirror she hardly recognized herself.  Even her freckles looked pale.  Dark circles under her eyes and her lips were chapped.  How long had she been sleeping?  She wondered what day it was.  Running cool water over her face a vision flashed before her face.  The woman at Camp Westfield was in her house and her dad was missing.
She ran out the bedroom door calling Gwens name with no reply.  Her feet ached as she ran down the flight of stairs to the entry way.  Her voice was weak and then she heard the clanking of dishes in the kitchen.
Gwen!  She tried to yell in her dry raspy voice.  Sean!
Making her way to the arched kitchen passage way, she could see Gwen sitting at the table with the dark haired man she had now two encounters with.  Everyone looked at her as she stood supporting herself against the wall.
Lyssa, you shouldnt be up, Gwen said guiding her to a chair.
Gwen, my dad hes missing, the woman in the forest she was real.  Lyssas thoughts became one giant mess.  She tried to get me.  What is going on?  Am I losing my mind?  Lyssa glanced at the dark haired man who chuckled at her comment.
Gwen ran her hand over her hair.  Lyssa there is a lot to explain.  Gently she cradled Lyssas face in her hands.  Things were never to be this way.
Sean was at the stove just turning it off and then grabbed a bowl of something steaming.
Here this will be good on your stomach and with what we have to tell you.
Lyssa looked down at the lumpy oatmeal that greeted her with a puff of steam and took a spoonful.  She didnt realize how hungry she was.
Etherlings do lack manners.  The dark haired man said in a snooty voice.
Excuse me.  Lyssa went to scoop up another bite to find it all gone.
Well, maybe not totally.  He gave her a half amused smile. 
Whats going on Gwen?  Lyssa turned her attention back to her.  My dad he is gone, there was a girl in my houseshe attacked me.  Lyssas scattered memory slowly fused together into one confusing lump.
Gwen only shook her head.  
Gwen, my dad is missing!  We have to call the police.  Lyssa felt adrenaline run through her as she stood up.
The police here cant help us. 
All eyes were on Lyssa.  Silence filled the room.
Why?  Lyssas voice trembled.
Because who took your father and attacked you are not from this world.  They are from a hidden world called Fae.  It is where we are from as well, except we are in hiding and were to protect you.  Gwens eyes slowly filled with tears. 
Lyssa had never seen Gwen cry before.  She was always strong, never showing a shred of weakness.  Lyssa felt her skin prickle and knees wobble.  She sat down trying to say something looking at Gwen who dotted her eyes with a napkin.  Her words jammed in her mouth leaving her lips to tremble.
Its true and it is where I am from too.  The dark haired man said leaning forward.  I almost forgot, we havent been properly introduced.  My name is Deravon Silvervine and yes, it was me who saved you from Cinnia, the girl who tried to blast you into Faeland with one jolt, and from your vampire boyfriend.
You mean Toby?  Lyssa had forgotten about him.  Is he alright?  Where is he?
Dont worry hes fine and went home.  I watched him.  Cute little guy.  Too young for me though.  I guess you do have pretty good taste for being only half Fae.
Lyssa looked away from Deravon to Gwen in hopes of a better explanation. 
Your mother wanted you away from all of this after she escaped with your father.  But they found her anyway and took my sister, you mother away from us. Gwen buried her face, crying into her folded arms.  Lyssa could only watch Gwen crumple into a sobbing mess.
Lyssa could feel her skin prickle.  Gwens words kept echoing in her head and she wondered if she heard Gwen right.  Lyssas mother was Gwens sister.
That would make you my auntand uncle.  Lyssa plainly stated.
Gwens entire body quivered.  I am sorry Lyssa.  I promised your mother that I would keep you from her past no matter what because I loved her very much.
Lyssa looked away staring out the window.  Everything around her seemed to dissolve.  She loved Gwen and Sean, but felt a thorn had been stuck through her stomach.  They couldnt find a way to tell her that she was their niece during her sixteen years.  And now her dad was missing. 
I know this is hard to understand right now, but please understand Lyssa, we love you very much and we loved your mother so much to honor her wishes.  We never intended for this to happen and thought it was something that never would.  Sean gently ran his hands over Gwens shoulders.  Come on Gwen.  Sean lifted her up.  Lyssa, we can explain things a little later, I am sorry.  He held onto Gwen who turned away from Lyssa.
I am so sorry Lyssa.  She managed to say.
Its alright.  Lyssa was hurt, angered and felt betrayed, but she felt more for Gwen who Lyssa never knew could crumple before her.
Sean and Gwen left leaving Deravon and Lyssa alone. Lyssa picked up the plates and put them in the sink rinsing them off before loading the dishwasher.  What was she doing?  She just found out Gwen and Sean were her aunt and uncle and her mother was from a hidden, mythical world that she now had ties to.  And she was doing the dishes, the only piece of normalcy that she could cling to.
Lyssa pushed the start button peering out the window letting her gaze stare through the wooded area behind the house as she listened to the whirl of the dishwasher.  She closed her eyes listening to the sloshing water.  What was going to happen next?  How would they find her father and return to her unexciting life that she was comfortable in. 
Lyssa then opened her eyes.  She had almost forgotten about Deravon who sat quietly at the table.  She could feel him watching her, studying her every move.
Look!  She blurted out catching him off guard.  Quit looking at me!  I dont know who exactly you are, but you are creeping me out!
You sound so much like your mother.  You know she would have said exactly the same thing.  Deravon smiled like a sly looking cat.
Lyssa walked slowly over to Deravon and let her unblinking eyes stare into his.
You knew her?
If I didnt know her I wouldnt have said that you sounded like her.  He stood up inches away from her face.  If you want to hear the tidbits I know about your past come with me, because I can tell you now, Gwen and Sean are only going to sugar coat it for you.

Toby

Tobys mind had been in a fog since the dance.  He remembered almost kissing Lyssa when Megan showed up.  After that, everything seemed hazy.  He thought about telling his parents because there was no logical explanation to his memory loss.  He hadnt even been drinking that night; at least he didnt think so.  
At school he waited for Lyssa to show up so he could talk to her in hopes of recalling anything.  The day went by with no Lyssa and nothing to fill in his blackened void piece of memory.  Even Megan was gone that day.  He didnt feel like himself and with each minute going by, he began to worry about what really happened.
Did you hear that they found another body?  This time it was along Ambrosia Lane, a voice said behind him nearly causing Toby to drop his books.  Thats all I know and it must be true, because cops have it blocked off.
Goosebumps cascaded up and down his arms.  A sudden concern for Lyssa filled him.  What if it was her?  He tried to remember what happened after she ran off.  Like a black curtain shrouding his memory, stubborn to move, it wouldnt let him know anymore.  Frustrated he punched his fist into the locker beside him.
Whoa, Craig said behind him.  A little anger problem there?
Toby felt embarrassed.  He took a deep breath and turned to Craig.
No, theres just a lot going on right now, Toby said trying to sound normal.
Well, there is a party this weekend.  Its going to be huge.
Sounds like everyone knows about it, Toby said walking beside Craig.  Sounds like a party that might not be good to go to
Craig stopped in the middle of the hallway.  Whats the matter with you?  The question stung Toby like a bee and he drew in a deep breath wishing he had an answer.
Arent all parties good?  We wont get caught.  The cops right now are more concerned with the body they found last night.
Do they know anything about it?  Toby stopped turning to Craig.  Who was it?
Geeze back up.  Craig took a step back.  I dont know who it was.  Some jogger or walker out by themselves.  I dont know.  Look, all I know is that its a perfect time to have a little fun.
Fun if you want to risk being the next one, Toby said turning from him.
They think its an animal attack and well have a fire.  Animals dont like fire.  Toby just looked at him.  Ah, come on.  The only animal thatll be there is party animals.
Thats really lame.  Toby replied going into the math room.
So, youre coming right?
You will probably come and get me anyhow.
Great.
Toby knew it was more than likely a bad idea to go and he knew he had to lie to his parents that he would be going to the movies with Megan.  Craig was persistent and if anything should happen, he felt like he should be there for Craig, who has the mentality of an eight year old at times.  
Toby sat in his seat and looked over at Lyssas empty desk.  He wondered what happened to her.  Was she alright?  Suddenly, he heard his name being called.
Oh, Im sorry, I didnt hear the question.  Everyone began to look at him and laugh.
The teacher looked at him over his glasses.  I am calling role call and was just asking if you were here.  Should I put here or not here?
Here, Toby said feeling his skin burn with embarrassment. 
Toby drew in a deep breath thinking he had to get a grip on himself or he would be going crazy.  
Lyssa.  The teacher said.  Lyssa Cleverthorn.
She isnt here today or the rest of the week.  Shes visiting family.  Some girl who worked in the office promptly said.  Toby let out a sigh of relief.
Lyssa was just visiting family and was safe. But something didnt feel right.  He looked over at her desk and in the pit of his stomach he felt something was wrong.

When Toby got home he sat in his room looking at his phone.  He should call Megan and see if she was alright, but he wanted to call Lyssa first.
Placing the phone to his ear he let it ring until it went to her voice mail.  He hung up.  He then sent her a text just to call him.  Toby wanted to explain himself and hoped Lyssa would respond and wasnt too mad at him.  He then called Megan.
Hello.  Her voice beamed on the other end.
Megan?  Toby questioned the voice.
Yes, its me.
II was just calling to see if you were alright.  
Yes, Im fine.  Her voice then became muffled.  Its the one I was telling you about.  Someone was there with her and he wondered who it was.
Look, if youre busy I can call later.  Toby tried to get out of the awkward conversation.
No!  Megans voice burst back on the phone.  Im just visiting family right now and Im sorry I didnt tell you.
Megan was visiting family too.  Toby was thoroughly confused about Megan and Lyssa both visiting family.
Toby?  Megans voice broke the silence.  Are you still there?
Yeah, sorry, Toby said trying to sound normal.  Megan was always good at detecting the smallest amount of uncertainty and he didnt feel like getting into it with her right now.
I really wanted to call and say that I shouldve told you about Lyssa.
You already told me that at the party after the dance.  Megans voice didnt even have a tinge of venom in it.  Dont you remember or did the make-up sex make you forget?  Megans remark was followed by a collaboration of giggles that faded after the sound of a door shutting.
Look I have got to go, Megan said quietly.  I will be back for you at the end of the week.  Love you.
The phone clicked with Toby still holding it to his ear.  Toby was on an amusement ride that seemed to never end.  He must have gone back to the dance and a party with Megan.  He still had no memory of it.  
Toby hung up the phone.  He had to do something because just sitting here wasnt getting him anywhere.  Maybe a ride would help clear or jog his memory.
Getting into his truck, he drove around the block and then went straight for a while.  He mindlessly drove along until he reached Peach Orchard Lane.  Lyssas street.  He looked down the shadowed lane and then turned on his right turn signal stirring a cloud of dust behind him.
Eli

Told to keep quiet, Eli listened even though he didnt like to be told what to do especially by some young inexperienced Fae.  The tunnel was fairly straight and uncluttered.  They were not in some drainage tile, but more like an escape tunnel.  
The tunnel opened up to darkness.  Eli couldnt see anything, but smelled the moist air and the sound of frogs croaking in the distance.
Watch your step and stay close to the edge, the girl said as the boy followed behind Eli.
Where are we?  Elis questioned got answered by a face full of water and mud, then a jolt backwards with the boys hand grasping his shirt collar.
What are you trying to do?  Get us found?  He scolded Eli like a child.
Eli, even in the darkness glared at him.  If you would give me a little warning or at least tell me where we are going maybe mishaps like this wouldnt happen.
Stay close to the edge and shut up.  The more talking you do the more likely well be discovered until we reach the edge of Shimmerick Forest.  Is that enough information for you?  The girl hissed through the darkness.
Yes, Eli replied squeezing some of the water from his cape and feeling for the book that was still securely in his pocket.
The marshy ground was damp with the smell of stagnate water, gradually sloped upward to a barren scrub area.  Eli could see the tall glass buildings standing like sculptured icicles in the distance.  He always thought Avalon took on another persona at night.  Its magic came to life like a fairy world the Etherlings make it to be where flowers grow perfectly in an eternal summer that would never see the greyness of winter. 
 It was evenings like this he and Lil would go on walks hand in hand.  Eli had never let anyone in his life like her and would have never bought the ring to seal their love if he knew what was to happen.
Wheres Lil at anyhow?  Eli blurted out.
Quiet.  The girl whispered over her shoulder.
The forests edge was more like a wall of thick needled trees.  It towered over the landscape like a looming shadow of fear, enchantment and to Eli a good hiding spot.  
Following a small trickling stream for what seemed like hours, they stopped in front of a small clearing with a tiny cabin that didnt look much bigger than an outhouse.  Huddling together the girl opened the door and went in followed by Eli and then the boy.  Inside was just as dark if not darker than outside.
Suddenly a burst of light penetrated from the dirt floor with a large head popping out of it.  Eli scrambled for his dagger pushing the girl out of his way.  With all of his agility and strength, he lunged towards the shadowy figure just as a large hand caught his swinging arm.
Dont!  The girl screamed.  He is one of us!
 Eli froze looking at the extremely large Fae.  He released the iron grip he had on Elis wrist and grinned.  The light radiating from the hole he stood in illuminated the small cabin.
Dont worry Lizzi, he didnt even scratch me.  His laugh echoed like a drum inside of Eli.
Eli gazed at only half of the large Fae before him.  His face was round and even the features were rounded, not like the angled ones of a normal Fae.  His rosy cheeks looked like they could pop if a pin pricked them.  Eli knew by his size and appearance, he was no Fae, but a Giant.
Hurry all of you or well have to seal this entrance as well.  The Giant slowly descended taking the light with him.
Lizzi, now Eli knew at least one of their names, let him go first into the tunnel barely large enough for the Giant to pass through.  
They walked in silence following the lantern that hung from the Giants thick fingers.  The only thing you could hear in the tunnel was the footsteps of the Giant, Faes are naturally quiet in their steps.  For what seemed like miles went by and Eli wondered where they were going.  He almost stopped and demanded more of an explanation, Eli wasnt sure of any of this, but it was too late to turn back now.  
The dirt and timber lined tunnel finally ended with a small staircase of several rock steps that opened to a clearing.  The air was fresh and moist with tiny droplets of moisture that collected on Elis face and hair.
Good to be home again?  The Giant asked stretching his enormous body from the confinement of the tunnel.
Yes, Lizzi replied.
Where are we?  Eli asked.
Arrinia, a voice replied from the darkness.  Or actually close to it.
Eli turned towards it.  Was he dreaming or was she in his presence?  A million emotions ran through him.  He wanted to scream at her for letting him get caught, scream at her for not contacting him and kiss her so hard and long to cure the wound she had made when she left.
Lil?  Eli asked second guessing his eyesight.
Yes.  Her thin pink lips curled upward.
Lil was just how he remembered her.  Her long red gold hair framing a perfectly oval face with creamy skin dotted with small freckles and green eyes wild like uncut gems.
Only I go by the name of Zoey now.  She stepped closer to him.  I had to change my name when I went into hiding.
Eli felt everything dissolve around him.  The only thing that existed to him right now was her.
Zoey.  Eli repeated her name.  That is an Etherling name, isnt it?
Zoey laughed at him.  Yes, but it is just a name.  Her eyes met with his mingling together in unspoken words.  We cant stay here.
Where are we to go then?  Elis words were trance like.
Chuckling broke Zoeys spell and Eli remember where he was and what he was trying to do.  He stepped away from Zoey but not letting his eyes from her.
I dont know where you want to go, but I am going in there to get something to eat.  The boy Fae said motioning with his thumb behind him.  Elijah, what Giant recipe did you make tonight?  He asked as he walked away.
Im sorry, Zoey started to say.
No, it isnt your fault, it was me, Eli started to say as Zoey gave him a confused look.
I was going to say sorry for not introducing everyone and giving you a better explanation.  I am glad you came here so willingly to help with the Rebels.
Rebels?  Eli shook his head.  And I didnt come here willingly, unless having a dagger stuck in your side and commanded by children is your definition of willingness.
Zoey looked at him for a moment that way when she was going to tell him something important and then try to get him to do the dirty work.  It was the same look that seemed to reach into his very soul and touch it.  He wasnt going to let it happen again.  Last time he went to prison while Zoey ran free.
No, Im not doing anything and I dont have anything to offer.  Last time I was involved in one of your schemes it cost me too much.  Eli turned away as the others had left, their voices trailing off in the distance.
I know and I didnt mean for that to happen.  She gently touched him on the arm. Eli jerked away.
Dont Lil or Zoeywhatever you want to call yourself.  Eli turned to her.  I am not helping you or anyone associated with you.  I am acting on my own and leaving before I get involved into something I wished I didnt.
Zoey stood motionless as Eli turned from her.  With one foot in front of the other he walked away from her. Zoey was like a sweet poison to him.  He wanted her badly, but knew she would only destroy him if he stayed.  Eli never looked back walking farther and farther away until he could see the entrance to the tunnel.
Closing his eyes for only a second, Eli suddenly ran into something hard knocking him to the ground.
If Zoey wishes for you to stay, then you will.  Elijah the Giant grasped Eli by the collar holding him at his eye level.
Put me down you mutated Fae!  Eli growled with his feet dangling in midair.
You leave me no choice.  The Giant let out a yell through his clenched teeth thrusting his head backward and looked Eli in the eye.
Elijahs forehead met his with a thud followed by a ringing that ran through Eli before his thoughts faded to nothingness.
Lyssa

Rays of sunlight pierced through the early morning clouds.  Deravons movements were light and quick.  Lyssa watched him walk in front of her down a garden path that led to a fire pit area.  The air was crisp with a gentle breeze that sent a chill through her thin nightgown.  
Deravon stopped looking back at her with his eyes that nearly matched the cool blue autumn sky.  A golden shower of maple leaves fell behind him like a curtain.  The wooded area was secluded and now suddenly to Lyssa, it took on an enchanted feel.
I am going to have to make this quick.  Deravons eyes darted around gazing through the gold and orange trees.  First of all Lyssa I want to ask you if you trust me.
Daravons eyes were steadily gazing into hers. Lyssa looked up at him.  She hardly knew him and wasnt sure if she should trust him.  He did save her from Cinnia and knew Zoey.  Something about him, in his voice and his eyes, held a sincere quality to it.
I trust you, Lyssa finally replied.
Deravon smiled pulling her closer.  Did Zoey tell you anything at all?
Nothing about any of this. Lyssa waved her hand through the air.
I didnt think she would.  Deravon drew in a deep breath.  Lyssa you are in danger here.  When I rescued you from Cinnia, I wasnt planning on Sean and Gwen showing up.  I had no choice but to comply with them.  I was on my way to the Fae world when they showed up.  Deavon rolled his eyes quickly.  Anyhow, I had to move to plan B.
A twig snapping under the weight of a footstep stopped their conversation.  Deravon studying the landscape with his darting blue eyes.  Lyssa didnt care who heard, she hungered for more information.
What is plan B?   Lyssa asked.
Deravon only shoved her behind him pulling something out from under his heavy silver studded cape.  Someone is here and coming closer.
Lyssa!  Deravon!  Seans voice echoed through the golden wood.  
Over here!  Lyssa replied with a scowl look from Deravon.  Realizing too late that what he had to say didnt involve Sean, Lyssa bit her lip.  
Ah, there you guys are.  What are you doing down here anyhow?
After Gwen went upstairs, Lyssa was upset and ran out here.  I followed her and was just about to bring her back.
Lyssa you shouldnt have come out here.  Not only is it cold, but there are dangers that youre not aware of.
Lyssa was guided by Sean with Deravon behind.  She could feel his stare on her sending shivers down her spine.  She didnt know why Deravon lied to Sean.  Lyssa wasnt sure if Deravon was as sincere as the way he sounded.  Sean and Gwen she had known all her life and trust was never a question until now.  Everything seemed to shift like unstable ground ready to shake at any moment.
Sean shut the back door behind him and locked it. They followed him into the living room where he had a tray of tea and pastries waiting for them. Lyssa felt like pins were pricking her skin.  She wanted to know what was going on and she wanted to know now.
Sean, tell me what is going on, Lyssa said sitting across the living room from him.  You and Gwen are my family besides my dad you are all that I have.  It wouldve been nice to know.  Lyssa let her words ring with a dash of anger.
I know and believe me, Gwen wanted to so many times, but it was not your mothers wishes and besides, would you love us any more if you did?  And we would still care about you the same.
Lyssa drew in a deep breath as she curled her legs under the long nightgown.  
We are asking a lot of you to understand why we did what we did and for now believe in us as you always have.
Lyssa gazed as Sean for a moment.  He looked strong and gentle as he always had.  Their secret stung Lyssa even though she understood their intentions.  She couldnt get over thatit simply wasnt fair.
I understand, Lyssa finally said with a smile from Sean.
Sean then turned his attention to Deravon.
First of all Deravon, His voice had an unfamiliar coldness to it.  Are you with the Rebels?
Deravon sat straight in his chair.  His eyes sparkled in the flickering light that danced through the leaves of the trees and to the living room floor.  He smiled not disturbed by Seans comment.
Even in exile you know about the Rebels?  Deravon shifted in his chair.
Dont answer a question with a question.  Seans eyes never blinked or left Deravon.  I would let you go, but now that you know about Lyssa, you cant.  I dont know your purpose here and I am not concerned with it right now.  Sean leaned forward slightly, his eyes studying Deravon.  But, I can tell you are not hostile.  I am not totally sure of your intentions yet.
You can Sehr.  Deravon smiled.
What?  Lyssa chimed in.  Deravon and Sean looked at her the same time.
Lyssa, its hard to explain.  Sean ran his fingers through his hair.  You see your mother...
Your mother was a good Fae.  She was strong, beautiful and courageous.  Gwen voice echoed behind Lyssa.  She loved you so much she gave her life for you.
Gwens eyes were focused solely on Lyssa.  Her eyes were like a kaleidoscope of topaz drawing Lyssa in and dissolving everything around her.  
Your mother actually saved your father.  She was a patrolling sentry that is kind of like a police officer.  Thomas your father was held captive with many other Etherlings by some Fae who kidnapped them from the Etherworld for her own amusement.  Gwen stepped closer until she was sitting beside her.  Kearlyn had a big heart, sometimes too big.  They say love is rarely at first sight, but they never say never at first sight.  I had never seen such a love before and before I knew it, I was trying to help her.  Your father had no family or any relations and Kearlyn had her heart broken so many times, it was just good to see her smile and laugh again.  Just as the process to make Thomas a citizen of Fae things drastically changed.  The council that had justly ruled for years was dissolving.  A new power was rising. Behind it were the Muse brothers.  Gwens voice rang with coldness when she spoke their name.
Kearlyn had associations with the Muses.  She was once the girlfriend of the oldest brother, Orzan.  His charm was poisonous.  It draws you in and then tries to kill you.  He still wanted Kearlyn and to save Thomas, Kearlyn agreed to live with Orzan.  We decided to flee our world and come here.  Gwen sat back slightly.  You see Lyssa, we are the heirs of Livianna the last of the winged Fae.  She ruled the Faes for a long time, nurturing every living thing.  Her eyes had no hate and embraced all the races that resided in her lands.  She had true peace, until her time came to pass.  She left her wisdom for her ancestors to follow making her law live forever.  Only it died and we would have too if we didnt escape here.  Sean and I came here first.  We desperately tried to get Kearlyn here.  She barely escaped the Muses and when she did she had you in her arms.  Thomas was already living with us and we thought we had the perfect family, until the fire claimed her.  Gwens eyes dropped gazing blankly at the floor.  The Muses could have let her go, but they didnt.
Gwen, even though her makeup looked pale and weathered.  They want revenge Lyssa.  That is why they took your father.  The Muses are spiteful, hateful Faes that love nothing more than to use us as game pieces.
Lyssa didnt know what to ask or say.  Gwen gazed out the window to the swaying trees and flickering light that danced on the ground like twinkling stars.  She looked distant, lost and weary.  She wanted to ask hundreds of questions.  Everything Lyssa thought that was safe and predictable had suddenly shifted into the unimaginable.  
What about my father?  The Muses have him.  How are we going to get him back?  Lyssa turned to Sean who sat looking calmly at her.
Lyssa, I dont want you to worry.  We still have connections and have already started trying to get him back.  Sean gave an encouraging smile.
Lyssa leaned back on the couch.  I am worried Sean.
I know everything is hard to believe especially since this came out of the blue for you.  Sean leaned forward his eyes unblinking and extending his hand to her knee.  Trust me Lyssa as you did when you were a little girl.  We will get your father back.
Lyssa felt somehow comforted by his words.  She believed him without any doubts in her mind.  Seans promise was good enough without any question. 
 Laying her head down on the soft pillow her eyes settled on Deravon in front of her.  He smiled slightly at her with his jewel like eyes sparkling at her with daringness.  Holding a white mug in front of him, he took a small sip before setting it on the coffee table.  His eyes never left her.  Taking several spoons of sugar he vigorously stirred his tea.
Do you need any more sugar there Deravon?  Sean asked taking notice.
No, I do believe there is enough to go with your story.
Sean gave him a confused look, but Lyssa knew what Deravon meant.  What she was just told was only half there and possibly twisted.  Lyssa looked at Deravon, who looked amused by the whole thing.  Lyssa felt sick. 
 Gwen and Sean would never lie to her.  She had known them forever.  But was that enough to believe in what they were saying?  Especially after finding out they kept their true identity from her. 
Lyssa closed her eyes wishing everything was normal when she woke up, but she knew it wouldnt.
Toby

The sky looked like a blaze of oranges and reds behind Lyssas house that sat quietly in the approaching darkness.  Toby didnt get out of his truck, only looked at the house wishing Lyssa was home.  He felt bad for the other night at the dance.  He had never felt this way for a girl before.  Why suddenly has he now?  
Toby drew in a deep breath letting it out slowly as he rested his head on the steering wheel.  He couldnt get Lyssa out of his thoughts.  Something felt wedged inside of him, like a splinter he had to get out.  Lyssa wasnt visiting family, Toby could sense it.  Why he could, he didnt know.
Toby.  A womans voice broke his thoughts.
Toby looked up to see a figure move quickly from the sidewalk towards his truck.  She looked familiar to him as she came closer.  Though faint shadows concealed her features, he could see her red gold hair flowing around her smiling face.  
Zoey?  Toby rolled down his window.
Yes, you remember me.  She smiled warmly at him standing beside his window.  What are you doing here?  She asked with a tilt of her head.
I, umm  Toby couldnt say why he was there because he really didnt know either.  I was just dropping off Lyssas homework.  She is visiting family you know.
Zoeys smile suddenly dropped and for a split second a look of concern took the place of her smile.  
How are you leaving homework to Lyssa?  Do you have a key to get in?  Zoey had an almost hard look to her.  
I, uh, Toby stuttered trying to think of an explanation.  They have someone watching the house and I was hoping they would be here so I could get in and give her an assignment that she didnt get.  He thought that was a solid excuse.
Whos watching the house?
Toby looked at the house then back at Zoey.  I believe Mr. Johnson is.
Zoey stared at him crossing her arms in a judging way.  You arent here to drop off homework.  You are here to see if she was home.  Like me you have no idea where she is at and I can tell you, she isnt visiting family, Zoey said taking a step closer.
Toby opened his mouth but no words came out at first.  How Zoey figured his true intentions out, he didnt know.  Youre right.  I dont have any homework for her and I really have no idea where she is at except that I was told she is visiting family.
But it doesnt feel right does it?  Zoey whispered.
No.  Toby replied feeling like he was going crazy.
Toby, you are going to think Im crazy, but if you want Lyssa to be alright you have to do as I ask.
Toby looked at her.  She looked on the brink of desperation.  What do you want me to do?
Zoey smiled as she got into his truck and directed him to the highway which led to the interstate.  Toby drove numbly down the now darkened road; his headlights pierced the darkness like a knife as he wondered where they were going.  He should turn around and go home and forget about all of this.  But something kept pressing in him to keep going.  He didnt want to listen to it anymore.
Slamming on the brakes he stopped in the middle of the highway with horn blaring cars going around him cursing at his reckless action.
Tell me now what the hell is going on.  I think I have a right to know.
Zoey looked at him with soft eyes.
Youre right, but first pull over to the side of the road.
Toby moved out of traffic waiting for Zoey to speak.
First of all, Im sure youve noticed some strong feelings for Lyssa and maybe a little premonition as to when she is in danger, Zoey said as headlights flashed by them.
Toby thought of everything from the Camp Westfield to the Halloween dance.  Yes.
It is easy to explain, but hard for you to understand.  Youre going to think I am crazy as well, but that is far from the truth.  Zoey paused gazing at him for a moment.  It was a spell that I put on you and I am not from this world but from a hidden world called Fae. Your world, the Etherworld, was sealed from Fae a long time ago because of the Etherlings or Humans misuse of magical implements.  I saved a piece of that raw magic called Everspell to keep it out of evils hands and in desperation I hid it inside of Lyssa.  Lyssa is a Fae as well and I had no choice but to use you as her protector while I was away.  She likes you Toby.  Zoey paused for only a moment.  That is why I chose you for the spell to protect her.  I know you had visions when she was in danger and saved her.  Even before Lyssa had a crush on you, by the way dont tell her I told you, I could see something in you that had been buried for generations.  
Toby ran his fingers through his hair.  What Zoey said was insane, but what his gut told him was another story.  Everything she said made sense.  A wave of relief swept over him, but for only a moment.  At least what he experienced had an explanation, but it was an extraordinary one at that.  
He peered out the windshield with both hands on the steering wheel.  The oncoming headlights filled his vision one after another.  He knew he should go back to Briarwood, drop Zoey off and return to his normal life.  Placing his hands on the gear shift he started to put it into gear when Zoey quickly placed her hand on his.  
I know deep down you believe me, but your mind is telling you different and it should, but this is real Toby and if you let me I will prove it to you.  Tobys eyes met with hers.  For Lyssas sake if nothing else.
A pang of concern for her ran through him. He knew he couldnt bear not knowing what had happened to her and if he was the cause of her getting hurt, Toby would never forgive himself.
Fine, show me, he said gazing at Zoey.
She smiled slightly and motioned for his arm. He wondered what she was doing and then prompted again.  Slowly he pulled it out and faced her.
No your right one.  Toby gave her his other arm.
What are you doing?  Toby was uncertain what Zoey was doing.
Trust me.  Zoey looked up at him with her steady eyes.
Rolling up the sleeve she examined his skin rubbing it with thumbs.  Toby always thought Zoey looked delicate, but her grip said otherwise.  She dug in with her thumbs moving his skin and flesh in circular motions as if trying to reach his bone.  He should pull away and tell her she is crazy, until he flet something inside of him squirming to get out.  Toby flinched as she gave a hard press.
Sorry.  She looked up at him for only a moment.
Suddenly he felt something pull from his flesh kind of like a long hair stuck on the back of your tongue and when you finally pull it out, it makes you gag.  Too surprised to even say anything he watched Zoey pull something black and slimy from his arm.  She held it up pinching it between her fingers.  It looked like a fat leech.
It seems you have infestation of someone elses spells.
Infestation?  Toby said suddenly feeling light head and nauseated. 
Toby, are you alright.  Zoey looked concern.
Yes, fine.  Toby  replied  as  he felt  his  head  hit  the steering wheel.
Chapter Seven
Eli

Eli wished he had never woken up.  His head throbbed with each heartbeat making it hurt worse with each beat.  Pushing through the pain he sat up rubbing his goose egg size bump on his head.
Here is something that will make your headache go away, Lizzi said in a soft voice.
Eli looked at her.  She held out a glass in front of him slightly smiling with her icy blue eyes gazing at him.
It really works.  Lizzi moved a little closer to Eli.
Eli glanced at it then back at her.  Gingerly, he took it from her and drank the sweet, cool, juice until it was gone.
Now in about a half an hour it will be like it was never there.  Lizzi smiled at him.
Eli laid back down looking up at the ceiling.  Where is Li- I mean Zoey.
She had to go somewhere for a little bit.  Shell be back soon.  Lizzi stood up peering down at him.  
This isnt how everything was supposed to go.  He spoke his thought aloud.
Eli closed his eyes holding his head to contain the throbbing.
Zoey talked a lot about you, Lizzi said sitting back down.
Eli turned his head looking at the girl.  Her slick black hair was pulled back letting only a few strands frame her rounded childlike face.  Her thin pink lips curled into a smile.  
What did she say?  Eli inquired on her comment.
Mostly girl things.  She liked the way you kissed and she was always talking about how passionate you were with her.  Lizzi then stopped biting her lip.  Look, I shouldnt have told you that, but Zoey is so kind and I hate for her to lose you.again. I know what I am saying is way too revealing, but I had to because time isnt on your side for your relationship to grow on its own.
Elis head began to hurt worse.  He gave a moan and tried to forget what Lizzi had just told him.  
Please just go, Eli said not even looking at her.
He felt her gaze upon him for only a moment before she quietly left the room.  Eli was glad she had gone as he sat up thinking about Zoey.  Did she really care for him?  If she wanted him she would have tried harder to get him out of prison.  He ran his fingers through his hair and gingerly touched the bump on his forehead.  His pain began to dissolve and thinking about a plan of action was much easier.
The room Eli was in was simple with only a bed, nightstand and a chair.  The wall was made of logs mortared together with clay like substance.  Several hooks lined the wall in front of him and saw his cape hung from one.
Slowly he got up and put it on before he pushed the door open as quietly as he could.  A crackling fire greeted him with a table in front of that.  The room was unadorned and filled with only things of necessity.  Pots and pans hung over the fireplace, a shelf behind the table held a few jars of provisions and a small stack of wood for feeding the fire.
Ah, Sleeping Beauty joins us, the boy said taking his feet off the chair he had them on.
Shut up Wes.  Lizzi scolded at him in a whisper.  You have absolutely no manners.
Thats not true.  I do have them, but Im not going to waste them on some wanna be sentry.  Wes propped his feet back up and stuck his nose into a book he had on his lap.
Eli didnt care what they thought of him and much less of what they said.  He had a mission and a mission only.
Look, I have nothing to offer you here and I will be on my way.  Eli wanted to keep his parting words simple.
He walked over to the door, reached for the handle when a large hand flicked his hand away.
I believe Zoey said for you to stay, Elijah the head butting Giant said smiling down at him.
Eli withdrew his hand swallowing hard.  Really sir, Wes let out a small snicker.  I mean, thank you, but I have my own mission and for the record I am nothing to your leader Zoey because if I was she wouldve contacted me sooner and not leave me to rot in prison.
Do I sense resentment?  Wes said behind him, Eli ignored his comment as Lizzi scolded him with a shush.
But I would like for you to stay with us and have dinner.  I want to make up for your bump there.  I am really sorry about that, but you left me no choice.  I would hate to give you a matching set.  Elijah placed his large hand on his back and turned Eli towards a chair.  Now, come and join us here.
Eli sat across from Lizzi who smiled at him.  Eli could only wonder how much private information Zoey shared with her. The thought of that made him feel uncomfortable.  
You need to be properly introduced to us.  My name is Elijah and I believe you know Lizzi and Wes. Elijah said placing a steaming bowl of broth in front of him.  Sorry I couldnt make anything better; I hate it when we are not at home where all of my supplies are.
You mean you dont live here?  Eli asked.
No.  Lizzi leaned towards Eli from across the table.  We live closer to the Arrinia ruins.
We will be going there tonight or at least headed back that way.  Zoey is supposed to come back tonight, Elijah said smiling before taking a slurp of his broth.
Eli glanced at them resting his eyes on Wes who had his nose still buried in a book.  Eli thought the book looked familiar. It looked like Lyssa the Etherlings book.  Frantically he opened his cape reaching into the side pocket he had the Everspell in.  It was gone.
Give that back right now!  Eli jumped up nearly taking the table with him.
Wes paid no attention to him.  Eli knocked his feet from the chair glaring at him before ripping the book from his hands.
I was only reading it, Wes said standing up.  Its just a book.
It is something your pea sized brain doesnt understand and something your sickly mits should not latch on to.
I wasnt stealing it, Wes said defensively.
I wasnt accusing you of stealing.  Eli placed the book back into his pocket.  You just admitted to it when you said you werent stealing it.
Wes kicked the chair aside stepping within inches of Elis face.  Eli had seen liars and thieves with the same fire in their eyes when they had gotten caught.
I am not a thief.  The book fell from your pocket when Elijah here gave you a little love tap on your head.  I picked it up or you wouldve never found it.
Eli gazed at him.  Yes, maybe so, but were you planning on giving it back.
Why would I care about the ravings of some lunatic girl Etherling?  Better yet, why would you?  Wes then turned to his comrades.  I told you he is no good and we should just tell Zoey he escaped into the woods.
That would be a lie Wes.  Lizzi prompted.
I do have to ask you Eli, Elijah stepped closer.  What purpose does the book have, especially something from the Etherworld.  Zoey would like to know as well.
Lyssa

Wake up darling.  Lyssa could feel Deravons breath on her ear.  
Lyssa slowly opened her eyes.  Her mouth felt like she just ate a bottle of glue and her neck ached from sleeping on the couch.
What is going on?  She asked half asleep.
Time for plan B especially since your Auntie Gwen and Uncle Sean had to go unexpectedly.  
Where did they go?  Lyssa asked standing up.
Look darling, if you want this all to come to an end, rescue your father and save the world, Deravon twirled his hand in the air, then come with me because we cant waste time.
Lyssa didnt have a chance to answer before Deravon took her by the wrist help her with her coat and shoes before going outside.
Lyssa followed Deravon into the forest until they came to a large oak tree.  He ran his fingers over the rough texture and then put his ear to the trunk and closed his eyes as if trying to hear something.  Lyssa looked at him like hed gone mad.
Deravon, what are you doing?
He didnt answer only held up his finger for her to be quiet.  Lyssa watched his strange actions wondering if he was just plain crazy.
This tree is very agreeable or actually, I am sorry.  Deravon turned from Lyssa as if apologizing to the tree.  A beautiful Landmerrow you are.  We are in luck Etherling, we can pass here and quite secretly as well.
Through a tr Deravon quickly placed his hand over her mouth.
Dont say that word because it isnt what you think.  Deravons eyes gazed into her as he slowly released his hand.
What is it then?  Lyssa asked as Deravon got out a thin silver rod about the size of a pencil.  Lyssa remembered Cinnia having one.
A spirit of the woods, the land, a protector and guardian of the forest.  There arent many left and I suspect that your aunt and uncle are harboring this one from certain death from the Fae world.
Lyssa looked up and the twisted limbs that had large knots everywhere on it. She was always fascinated by its sheer size and tree characteristics.  Sean even hung a swing from it years ago.  She never realized it was anything else but a tree.
 Gold leaves fell from its massive limbs resting gently beside Lyssa.  Deravon intricately ran a thin line of light over the rough bark, slowly connecting his lines until a doorway was constructed.
You just made a portal, Lyssa said standing next to Deravon.
Very good, you get an A plus.  Deravon put his silver pencil away.  Now...
Deravon!  A voice ran through the trees.  Deravon!  The voice repeated.
Deravon didnt answer right away only gazed over the landscape.  Lil?
Lyssa then could see her over the crest of the hill.  The womans hair was red gold just like Zoeys.  Her movements were agile as she quickly descended the hill until she was standing in front of them trying to catch her breath.
Lyssa could hardly believe her eyes the woman looked exactly like Zoey except her features were angled more.  She smiled at Lyssa the same warm way Zoey always had.  She was always happy to see Lyssa to hear what she had to say no matter how stupid it was.  That was Zoeythe one person she could say anything to and was always there to help her no matter what.
 Zoey?  Lyssa questioned in a meek voice.
The woman gave a small laugh.  Lyssa, I look a little different dont I?
You left me.  Zoeys smile faded and that was not what Lyssa really wanted to say.  She envisioned them reuniting with a hug then talking into the night and the Zoey telling her that her and her dad were going to marry and theyd be  a true family.  From the pit of Lyssas heart, shed never thought of saying what she just didit simply bubbled up from the heartache shed contained.
I never left you.  Zoey shook her head as she moved closer.
Lyssa backed away.  You left with only a note on the table.  Lyssas desire to be in Zoeys arms, hear her sing and talk transitioned to anger as to why she left.
This reunion would be better if we could pass through the tree!  Deravon said as a deep groan filled the wood and the portal began to fade.  No!  Im sorry for my ignorance, Landmerrow!  Deravon pleaded. 
The portal faded as if it was never there.  
Great, Deravon said.  Now we will have to find another way, because no one is going to be able to charm that one again.  Deravon pointed with his thumb to the tree behind him.
Lyssa, I never meant to hurt you.  That was the last thing I wanted.  Zoey stepped closer to Lyssa.
Lyssa didnt step back.  She wanted to hug Zoey so hard and make her promise to never leave again.  But she couldnt.  Lyssa didnt want to.  She let herself love and it only betrayed her.  She then realized that there was no one she could trust, no one that truly just wanted to help her.  
You mustve never thought twice about it because you did!  You left me and it hurt!  Lyssa bolted through the trees with Zoey yelling her name and Deravon going on about how they didnt have time for this.
Lyssa didnt care.  She ran dodging the low limbs that seemed to be reaching for her trying to stop her.  She pushed through them until she reached the backyard.  She didnt know where she was going and she didnt care because it didnt matter where she went now.
Lyssa ran to the front of the house and found Tobys truck parked crossways in the driveway.  She stopped dead in her tracks with Zoey and Deravon behind her.
Toby, Lyssa said his name going over to the truck.
Lyssa.  Zoey came up behind her.
The truck looked empty until she reached the passengers side window and hunched over in the seat was Toby.  His eyes were closed and his skin shifted in greyness.
Lyssa you need to put everything aside and help me with Toby, Zoey said opening the door.
What happened?  Lyssa asked supporting Tobys right side.
It is a spell Lyssaa very bad one too, Zoey said.  I cant cure him on my own. I need Seans help.
They took Toby inside to the living room.  Lyssa thought he looked dead and if it wasnt for the rise and fall of chest from breathing, hed pass for a corpse.  She couldnt take her eyes off him.  His grey skin shifted in color like something was just on the surface flowing over his skin.  
Zoey, I saw this before, Lyssa said turning to Zoey.  He gave me a ride home and then started to freak out when I noticed these black snakes crawling over him.  I pulled them off and threw them out the truck window.  Lyssa gently touched Tobys cheek.  The blackness cleared from where she touched him only to fill in when she removed her finger.  Zoey, how do we get rid of it?
Zoey only gave her a grave look.  That is why we need Sean.
They wont be back for a while, Deravon said standing behind them.
Without a word Zoey got up and went into the kitchen.  Lyssa followed wondering what she was doing.  She quickly turned on the gas stove the flame made a poof sound upon ignition. Pulling out a copper pan, she filled it with water and then began to search the cabinets.
What are you looking for?
Things to make an elixir at least to slow the poison.  Whoever did the spell, made it so it would self-destruct when someone tried to pull it out manually.  
You mean Toby is going to die?  Lyssa felt a lump in her throat.
No, Lyssa.  Zoey stopped and turned to her.  Im not going to let that happen.
Zoey continued pulling open a bottom drawer.  Ah ha, here it is, she said pulling an old key out.
A key is going to save him?  Lyssa asked.
What it opens behind a door is what will save him.  Come on, were going to Seans potion cellar.
Zoey opened a tall pantry cabinet filled with all the normal canned and boxed goods.  Gwen had her pantry custom made and Lyssa could see why.  Placing the pull out shelves a certain way opened to the back where a small glass knob with a keyhole in it sat.
Zoey shoved in the key turned it opening the whole back of the pantry.  A black abyss opened before them with an unexpected blast of vanilla. 
It smells like cookies.  Lyssa commented on the applealing odor.
Gwen has always kept things nice.  She likes the smell of vanilla.  Zoey pointed down at an electrical outlet with an air freshener plugged in.
 Zoey stepped in as a blue light illuminated the first step.  Lyssa followed going down a set of rock steps that illuminated one by one as they went down.  
The air was still and yet fresh smelling for going in what seemed like a basement.  The stairs then took a small curve that opened to a large room with a ball of gold light shining above them.  The diffused light made shadows around them, but Lyssa could tell the room was circular with shelves all around.  Neatly arranged jars sat on the shelves that were labeled with a single marking of curving lines.
I never knew this was here, Lyssa said amazed.  How do we find the right potion?
We ask.  Zoey smiled back at Lyssa.  Cellar Keeper I have a request.  Zoeys voice seemed to echo in the room that didnt appear to be very large.
I ask the Cellar Keeper for assistance.
What service do you ask?  A rough, dry voice that sounded like it hadnt spoken in years echoed from the darkness.
In the middle of the room, Lyssa could vaguely see a shadow appear.  It was thin and almost vine like as it twisted up from the dirt floor.  Two yellow eyes gazed down at Zoey and Lyssa.  Its true appearance was still shrouded in darkness as it hovered over them.
I seek your wisdom in the removal of spell.ones made by Banshees.  Zoey peered up at the creature that held Lyssa in amazement.
HummBansheeTricky..But not tricky enough for the Cellar Keeper.  Now what is the password for my knowledge?
Password, Lyssa said under her breath.  
Lyssa looked at Zoey.  She felt doomed.  A password could be anything and Lyssa thought with most things three tries and youre out.  She thought of pleading with the Cellar Keeper, but before she could say anything Zoey gazed back up with confidence in her voice and replied with the password.
The password is that there is no password.  Knowledge is gained through trial and error not passwords.  Zoey looked back at Lyssa and slightly smiled.
You answer wisely.  Banshee spells need to be drawn out slowly with one part tears of a frog prince and a kiss of a spider.  The Cellar Keeper then began to curl downward slowly into the floor until it was gone.
Zoey scrambled through the jars looking for what she needed.  
Sean always keeps everything organized, Zoey said with two jars in her hand.  Come on lets go.
Zoey and Lyssa scrambled up the stairs, closed the hidden door behind them and then went over to the boiling water.  Zoey opened the green bottle first.  She assumed that since the jar was green that it was the tears of a frog prince.  It was quickly followed by the second black-brown jar with an oval shaped top.  
Zoey opened the cork top with a pop as a pink smoke slowly drifted out and into the boiling concoction.  Zoey gave it one stir and then turned off the burner.
Now we will let it cool and hope it works.  Zoey sat the pot on a hot pad as she got down a mug.
Toby

Toby tried to move his legs and arms, but couldnt, something had him bound hanging in midair.  Slowly he opened his eyes peering into the whiteness.  He looked to his right and then left.  He was sprawled out like a scarecrow, only something white and sticky was wrapped around his arms and legs.  
Hello.  His voice echoed back at him.
Suddenly, a flopping sound came from the infinity of whiteness.  Like feet on pavement, but only wet sounding.  There were many of them slapping on the ground and coming closer to him.  The slapping stopped and was followed by croaking. 
Toby looked down to see Megan smiling up at him.
Megan?  Toby questioned his vision.  
Then came the slapping sound again followed by more Megans that were attached to frog bodies.  Hundreds of them gathered gazing up at him.  Then, slowly one by one they crawled up the wall beside him coming within inches of him.  They smelled like week old garbage and were slimy like a snail leaving thick goo where they touched him.
Toby struggled to free himself, but the strong white fibers wouldnt give.  Suddenly, one of the Megan frogs came up in front of him opened her mouth and forced her slimy tongue into his mouth and down his throat until.
Stop!  Toby sat up in a dim light surrounded by several people.
He tried to get up but someone pulled him down.  His body ached and his stomach churned.  He had never felt so bad before.  He wondered if he was dead.
Something cool touched his skin.  It smelled sweet and comforting.  He opened his eyes trying to see who was there, but he could only see shadows and flickers of light.
Who are you?  Toby asked in a rough voice.
Its Zoey.  Her voice was soft and soothing.  Everything if fine now.
Everythign faded to blackness with the sound of Zoeys soothing voice.

The smell of burned toast filled the air.  Toby opened his eyes taking a moment to focus them.  Above him was a ceiling fan, unmoving with sparkling glass globes that covered the light bulbs.  It looked unfamiliar to him as he tied to piece his memory together.
Toby.  He heard Lyssa call his name.
Lyssa.  He felt like he had swallowed sand.
I made some toast for you, she said presenting to him a tray.
I could smell it, he replied sitting up.
I imagine you are wondering whats going on.  Lyssas voice was soft.  
Zoey told me a little when I went by your house to see if you were home.  Toby said between bites of slightly burned toast and sips of orange juice.
I am really sorry you had to be involved in such a mess.  Lyssa ran her fingers through her hair looking away with a distant look in her eyes.
Toby looked at Lyssa.  Something about her made him feel right, like they were meant to be together.  He didnt care where she came from or what she was involved in.  He wanted to tell her this; he had to tell her this.
LyssaI dont care how strange everything is.  I want to be with you.  Toby looked at her even though she continued to stare across the room.
Its a spell you know.  Lyssa turned her head looking at him.  A spell Zoey placed on you tothis is so embarrassingto make you fall in love with me just because I had a crush on you and she used you to protect me.  For all costs too.  
I dont care and I know it was a spell, but when I look at you I see a person who I want to be with.  Im tired of being with someone just because they are pretty.
So youre saying that you want to be with me even though I dont look good just because it feels right?  Lyssas voice rang with a pinch of sarcasm.
Toby let out a groan.  No!  He yelled making his head slightly hurt.
Toby, Zoey said poking her head from behind the door.  I am glad you are up and I see Lyssa is taking care of you.
Zoey came in looking at both of them.
Lyssa crossed her arms looking away.  Toby didnt mean for his words to come out like that.  He was such an idiot with girls and now that he had one that meant something to him, Toby didnt know how to talk to her.  
Excuse me; I am going to take the tray down to Gwen.  Lyssa snatched the tray and went out the door.
Zoey watched her leave casting her eyes back on Toby.  What is going on?
I just put my foot in my mouth, Toby said leaning back.
Zoey tried to hide her smile as she sat down.
How are you feeling?  She asked.
I would be fine if my head didnt feel like it just got ran over by a truck.  Toby couldnt think straight with his head hurting so badly.
If it wasnt for Sean you would feel much worse, Zoey replied.
By the way where exactly am I and who is Sean?  Toby opened his eyes back up looking at Zoey.  My parents are probably freaking out by now.  Did you call them?
Zoey gave Toby a small reassuring smile, the kind that usually follows bad news.  She let her eyes drop away as if trying to find the right words to say, then, she gently took his hand rubbing it in circular motions.
What are you doing?  Toby pulled it away.
Look at your palm, Zoey simply said.
Toby gazed at her for a moment, hesitated and wondered why she wanted him to look.
Faint speckles of a glitter like substance sparkled back at him.  He turned it over trying to rub it off on the sheets.  It was no use, whatever it was permanently on his skin.
What the hell is it?  What did you do to me?  Toby whipped the blankets off and stood up pacing the room trying to find his clothes.  I am taking Lyssa and getting the hell out of this crazy house!
Toby, listen to me, Zoey calmly said taking him by the arm.  
Get your hands off of me! Toby pushed Zoey away as he found his pants.
His head throbbed and stomach ached, but all he could think about was getting away.  Even though some things made sense to him now, he didnt want any deeper into this.
 Trying to pull on his pants, Toby slipped and fell to the floor as Zoey pleaded with him to get up and not to be frightened.  He wasnt frightened, he was pissed off at Zoey for bringing him here and more likely poisoning him.  
Suddenly, he felt weak and disoriented.  His sight blurred and he could feel his heart race. The room shifted and bent like it was made of clay.  Everything around him was distorted and out of kilter. He could hear Zoey try to talk to him, but her words were nothing but soft mumbles. Toby felt the house was on a roller coaster and even the floor seemed to buckle under him.  All he could think about was trying to get out alive with Lyssa.
He didnt realize he was still on the ground until two strong arms pulled him up and onto the bed.
There now, a mans voice said.  You need to stay in bed especially recovering from a spell as extensive as yours.
Toby turned his head looking at the weathered man.  He sat next to him with his hands propped on what looked like a cane.  He gave Toby a crooked smile causing a deep crescent scar to deepen around his eyes.  His hair was blonde turning grey and even though he appeared crippled, he still retained a strong look to him.
By the way my name is Sean and everything Zoey told you is true, but I dont want you to worry about that right now.  He gave Toby a glass of clear liquid.
Toby looked at it giving it a quick sniff.
Its a beverage I like to call water.  Though, I did put a little lemon into it.  If you dont like it I can get you something else.  Seans voice was charismatic and had a calming effect that put Toby at ease.
Im not thirsty.  Toby gave the water back to Sean.  All I want is to leave.
Im sure you do and in a couple of days you can.  Sean gave the glass to Zoey.
Can I call my parents no, I need to call them.  Theyre probably going crazy by now, they can pick me up.  Toby pushed back the blankets and swung his legs over the side as everything began to spin.  He steadied himself though as not to show it.
That has been taken care of and they are not worried.  Sean gazed at Toby with eyes hardly blinking.
What do you mean taken care of?  Tobys voice cracked with anger.  What did you do to my family?
I would never do anything to hurt your family Toby.  There are things that you are involved in now that need to be handled discreetly.  To put your mind at ease, I put a spell on them.  As far as they know, you are visiting family before the holidays.  I will remove it when you are better.
What?  Toby barely said under his breath. 
Toby really you need to rest  Zoey stepped closer.
No.  Toby sounded like a spoiled child.  I want an explanation.  I deserve to know what exactly is going on.
A silence fell in the room. He wasnt even sure if he wanted to hear it.  As bazaar as everything had been he didnt know if he wanted the answer to that question.
Youre right, you need to know.  Zoey sat on the foot of the bed gazing at him with her enchanting green eyes.  Do you remember what I said to in your truck?
Yeah, magical worlds sealed off, you are from a world called Fae, stolen magic, spells, magic andthis is really insane.
No, it isnt, it is deadly and the truth, Zoey said in a harsh voice getting Tobys attention.  Look at your palm.  Zoey motioned with her eyes.
Slowly, he turned it over to see a faint glitter sparkling just under his skin.  It looked like the brilliant stars in an autumn night sky.
Youre one of usor, actually come from a half breed of Fae call Changelings.  Sean eyes were steady on Toby.  I would guess you have relations going back to a Changeling line that is why spells work so easily on you.
Toby felt his skin prickle. Numbness filled him as he looked down at his palm still sparkling.  This was crazy, they were crazy, but at the same time, too many things were adding up on the crazy side of things. Who was he really.Toby Winslett who lived on Oak Street or someone he didnt even know.  His parents, did they have any knowledge, any inclination of what he was?  
So what happens now?  Toby looked at Sean and Zoey.
Well for right now you need to rest.  Seans hand gracefully picked up the glass of water and handed it to Toby with an encouraging smile.
Toby looked down at it.  It didnt smell like anything and was clear, just like water.  Sean then took it from him and went through the door opposite of his bed.  With the door open Sean looked back at Toby and dumped the glass of water down the bathroom sink and filled it up fresh.  He then came back and held it out in front of him.
The more you drink the quicker all those poisonous spells will be gone.  And if you have any suspicion, here is a new glass of water, less the lemon.
Toby was thirsty and he didnt want to feel sick anymore.  Pressing the glass to his lips he drank the lukewarm water until it was all gone.
There, that wasnt so bad was it?  Sean asked with a smile.
No.  Toby gave the glass over to Sean.
He could feel his sore muscles relax and his stomach quit churning.  He closed his eyes letting his head rest on the soft pillow.  He could hear Zoey and Sean talk but their words meant nothing.  He was relaxed and didnt think of anything but how comfortable he was until he felt something on his arm.
It was cold, wet and slimy followed by another one then another was being extracted from his arm.  It was just like when Zoey pulled that leech thing from him.
Tobys eyes popped open he tried to focus them on what was going on.  Before he could even move an inch, Sean held his arm tight as Zoey held a black leech size blob over him.
Last one.  She stated to Sean.
Good thing.  He looked at Toby then at Zoey.  You are spell free now.  Sean smiled at him.
Toby wasnt sure if he should be happy or terrified as he looked down at his unblemished skin on his arm.  He ran his fingers over the spot Zoey pulled the things from and looked up at Sean and Zoey who held in her hands a bowl filled with slimy black things.
Those were all in me?  Toby felt his stomach begin to churn.
Well, they didnt look like that.  That is what spells sometimes look like when they are in a solid form.  You were lucky they came out so easily.  It must have been an inexperienced Banshee that put them on youa girlfriend maybe.  Sean hinted.
Toby could only think of one person that would do such a thing and who had been telling him what to do from day one.
Megan, he said more to himself than answering Seans question.
Megan who?  Sean inquired.
Megan Mourhill, Toby replied.  Shes my girlfriend.
Toby looked away.  He didnt have much knowledge of Banshees, but what he did know was that they were known for their wailing cries, beauty and the fear people had for them.  Toby smiled despite his situation and couldnt help but to think that the title Banshee seemed to fit Megan very well.
Chapter Eight 
Eli

I dont think Zoey is coming, Lizzi said shutting the door. We have to move on without her.
Lizzi went over to the table lifting the chairs up and placing them onto the top of the table.  
What are you doing?  Eli asked her.
This is a sign for Zoey letting her know that weve gone home.  Lizzi put the last chair up before helping Elijah with his fire.
Bending down, Lizzi reached into the pocket inside her cloak and sprinkled dust over the hot embers as Elijah poured water onto them.  They hissed and crackled under the extreme change. Quickly, the pile of ash and only slightly burned logs seemed to age right before his eyes. It looked like there hasnt been a fire in the hearth for months.  Even the smell of Elijahs meal was gone replaced with the musty smell of dust.  It was undoing dust.  Eli thought it couldnt be anything else.  
Where did you get that?  Eli demanded touching Lizzi on the shoulder.
She looked up at him startled at first and then smiled.  
None of your business, Wes said throwing a pack onto his back.  Lets go.
A full moon greeted them in their cover of darkness.  Eli followed Lizzi and Elijah who led the way.  Wes brought up the rear and Eli sandwiched in the middle wondering how to get the Everspell back from the Giant.  Taking it by force was out of the question between Elijahs strength and Wes and Lizzi agility he had to be clever.  He knew Elijah had it in his inside cloak pocket securely fastened in place.  Eli had to get it before they reached Arinia. 
They traveled on no path and Elijah seemed to know exactly which way to go. He patted some of the large trees with his equally large hand every so often like a friend would do greeting another friend.  Eli looked up at some of the massive oak trees.  Their leaves were beginning to change in color and blanketed the ground coating the forest floor.  The moons rays filtered through the nearly bare limbs making the light diffused and visibility good.  The air was still and only the occasional owl swooping from tree to tree in search of an evening meal was the only movement except for them.
No one spoke and Eli knew each step he took would be harder to get away.  Looking over his shoulder he could see Wes had backed off a little and was a few steps behind him.  Lizzi had her back to him.  He could quickly knock her over and snatch the Everspell from Elijahs pocket, but Wes would be on him.  He would only end up with another bump on the head.  
The terrain took a sudden grade downward and the ground had embedded rocks that protruded out of it.  You could easily fall if you stepped in the wrong place, Eli thought as he walked along.
Keep moving.  Wes prodded him with a stick in the back.
That action inflamed Eli.  He was no animal and didnt need prodding along.  He turned to give Wes the piece of his mind he wanted to give him when they first met when one of the jetting rocks caught his foot causing him to tumble down the hill.  Eli could hear Wes laugh and Elijah scold him followed by Lizzi yelling after him.  What Eli thought was a disastrous accident trying to get the Everspell back, turned into a brilliant idea after the third tumble.  
He lay still at the bottom only pretending to be unconscious.  He could hear their rapid footsteps come closer.  Discretely, he pulled out his dagger that they failed to take from him and held it in his hand.  Lizzi was the first to reach him and she turned him over.
Dont move and you wont get hurt.  Eli took the girl by surprise at his swiftness and then slowly got up with his dagger at her throat.
Eli didnt want things to come to this, but he had no choice.  The Everspell couldnt be in the hands of Rebels, each day that passed was a day that the Muses had a chance to get it.  Eli didnt want to take that chance any more.
Elijah and Wes came down the embankment side by side stopping in front of Eli surprised to see Lizzi held at knife point.
I dont want to hurt anyone.  I just want my book back and I will be on my way, Eli said looking at them as he pulled Lizzi closer poking the blade into her skin.
Elijah then took from his cloak the book and held it in front of him.  Eli thought they had come to their senses and realized he wasnt worth taking along.
Toss it over here.  Eli commanded.
Eljah gave it a toss and it landed with a thud as he shoved Lizzi forward.  Quickly he snatched the book and turned running into the woods.
What are doing?  Wes sounded like a whining child.
No, Elijah said in a booming voice.  The forest will take care of him   
Eli could hear Elijahs deep laugh echo through the trees and rumble inside of him.  He didnt take the threat seriously and kept moving until he heard the first grumble.  It sounded like an agitated animal, but Eli only kept moving.  He would be out of the forest soon as he traveled the way they had come.
With the clearing in sight, he tried to focus on it when it became blocked by tangled limbs.  He swung his dagger at them barely scratching them.  A higher pitched rumble trembled beneath his feet like laughter.  He pressed forward knowing he had to make it out before the trees blocked him in.
Suddenly, a large mass was in front of him.  Two glowing eyes like flames looked down at him, a crevasse opened beneath the eyes in what looked like a grin.
Landmerrow, Eli said under his breath.
Quickly he moved around the cumbersome tree towards the opening.  He was almost there with nothing stopping him.  Jumping over the unearthed roots of the Landmerrow, Eli smiled as he had the Everspell and the forests edge in sight.
Landmerrows cant move very fast and escaping them would be easy, or so he thought when from behind something latched onto him pulling him back.
Eli was entangled in the limbs that seemed to vine around him turning him every which way.  He couldnt move as the vines curled around him passing him along deeper and back into the woods.  He struggled trying to free his hand with the dagger when suddenly they dropped him hanging him upside down in front of Wes.
Going somewhere?  Wes smiled picking up Elis dagger that had fallen from his hand.  Ill take this.  He placed the dagger on his side as Elijah came up lifting Eli upright as the vines receded upon his presence.
I must say, Elijah grabbed hold of Elis hands tying them together with a short section of the same vine.  Ive never seen anyone out run a Landmerrow as well as you.  You see, we can use you in our group.  Elijah smiled handing the rope to Wes.  
Now, lets move on.  Elijah took the Everspell from inside Elis pocket as Wes tugged on the rope infuriating Eli.  
He could do nothing now with his hands bound, Wes lead him along with Elijah behind him.  The only thing he could do was come up with another plan.
Lyssa

Im really sorry for everything Lys.  Zoey sat next to Lyssa stroking her back with her hand.
The afternoon sun was warm, warmer than usual for this time of year.  Everything was quiet except for the rhythm of the squeaky swing Zoey and Lyssa sat on under an umbrella of blazing orange leaves of the sugar maple.  
I know you are and I know you never intended any of this to happen.  Lyssa replied still mad at Zoey, but craving her attention more.  A lot has happened in the last month and it is still very confusing to me.
Zoey stopped the swing suddenly and looked at Lyssa.  
Lyssa, there is something I want you to knowsomething that only one other knows.  Zoey wrapped her sweater tighter and looked to see if anyone was around.
What is it?  Lyssa asked turning to her.
Zoey smiled.  Come on, lets take a walk.
Lyssa followed Zoey through the golden trees until they were past Gwen and Seans fire pit to a rock bottom creek that was barely deep enough to cover your ankles.  Zoey stopped her and looked around.
What do you want to tell me?  Lyssa asked.
If you could have magic Lyssa what would you do?  Zoey asked looking Lyssa in the eyes.
I would bring my dad back and have everything normal again.  Lyssa replied truthfully.
Zoey smiled warmly.  I know you would do that, but what else would you do?  Zoeys voice was soft and sweetened with something foreign that Lyssa had never heard before.  You have magic Lyssa.
I dont know what I would do.  Lyssa felt overwhelmed.  She didnt want the responsibility and besides people dont have magic or at least she didnt think she did.
No, listen to me Lyssa, you have magic in you.  I put it there its called Everspell and its yours.  Zoey eyes twinkled and she smiled at Lyssa.  It is a gift.
More like a hot gift, Deravon said stepping behind Zoey.
It isnt hot if you took it from someone that stole it in the first place.  Zoey retorted.
What are you talking about?  Lyssa asked shifting her eyes between them.
The Everspellthe rawest magic thats left in this world is in you and how shall I put this so you understand.  Like clay that isnt shaped into anything yeta white canvas that has never been painted on  Deravon stepped closer to Lyssa.
I get the idea, but what, how and why do I have it?
Lyssa, what I am about to tell you mustnt go past us, theres too much at stake.  Lyssa looked at Zoey who now stood in front of her pushing back Lyssas hair in a tender way that felt comforting.  Deravon is right in his explanation, you have raw magic in you and it needs to be molded into shape.  I took it from the Muse Brothers who want nothing more than absolute power and ultimate plan of cleansing the Fae world of lesser races.  The Everspell was their key.  I took it and came here seeking protection with Gwen and Sean.  They introduced your father to me and I could see right away that you were perfect.  There are very few who can be a magic vessel and youre one of them Lyssa.  Zoeys voice was soft with a hint of contained joy that was the very opposite of what Lyssa felt.
I dont like it.  How could you do this to me?  Lyssas body felt foreign to her, like she had some exotic disease that had no cure.  Take it out of me.
Zoeys face fell and she pulled away slightly shocked at Lyssa reaction.
II cant Lyssait doesnt work that way.
You mean to tell me that I have this stolen magic in me and now you cant get it out?  Lyssa turned wrapping her arms around her stomach.  What about my father?  Can I use it to save him at least?
You have to have the key.  Deravon replied tilting his head to the side with a smile.  Lyssa gazed at him. It just keeps getting better doesnt it Etherling?  Deravon stepped forward.  Not to worry little Halfling, Zoey is right, you do have a gift that needs to be unlocked and molded into something we can work with.
Lyssa turned away again with crossed arms as the air took a sudden chill.
With my help Lyssa I can show you things you never knew were possible.
Why didnt you just put the magic in you then?  Lyssa asked turning around.
Because I didnt take the bloodline you did.  Youre a vessel Lyssa.  Zoey stepped forward taking off her thick sweater and wrapping it around Lyssa in a motherly way that no matter how mad Lyssa was, always stopped to take in the attention.  
How do we find the key?  Lyssa asked.
Thats what we are working on and is why I want to take you to the Fae world.  You will be safe there and Gwen and Sean neednt be in danger having you here unaware of everything, Zoey said just as a twig snapped in the stillness, a warning someone or something was nearby.
Zoey tightened her arms around Lyssa as Deravon pulled a large dagger from his belt.  Lyssa could see the gold blade embellished with blue green stones and etched scroll designs up and down the blade.  It looked too beautiful to be a weapon to kill someone with. 
Something is here.  Deravon scanned the land with his darting eyes and his body appeared to tense waiting to pounce.
Everything was still again as they waited for something to appear.
Maybe it was just an animal, Lyssa said as Deravon turned shaking his head at her.
Etherling, what else would be in the woods besides From out of nowhere a dark figure lunged at Deravon knocking him to the ground.
Zoey pushed Lyssa back yelling at her to run, but she stood frozen in awe at the being before her.  It had a dangerous beauty to it.  Its rounded muscles she could see through his leather like clothing and was full of strength while its eyes glowed in an animalistic way.  The face with hard angles and black scales around his eyes glinted like black diamonds.
Zoey yelled again, but Lyssa only stared entranced when her eyes met his.  Even in that millisecond, Lyssa could see the creature underneath had a human touch to it.  
Deravon rolled on top of the creature, but was quickly reversed nearly crushed by the creature.  Deravon yelled out as Zoey reached into her pocket pulled something round, metallic and flat and placed it securely into her palm, flicked it outward expelling a long silver blade that she sliced at the creature.  It let out a yell releasing his grip on Deravon.
Zoey continued to take swings at the creature who now unfolded a pair of bat like wings.  His eyes glowed yellow and he turned growling at Zoey.  Lyssa had to do something as Deraovn laid on the ground motionless.
Lyssas eyes scrambled until she seen Deravons dagger loosely held in his hand.  She plucked it from his hand and with all of her might, flung it at the creature.  She remembered throwing knives at logs when her and her dad would go camping, she was never good at it and as the end of the knife flew from her hand, she only prayed it was a good throw.
She watched it go through the air like a gold bolt of electricity towards the winged creature that took a swing at Zoey only to miss and have the dagger Lyssa threw embed itself into its shoulder.
It let out a yelp clutching the blade with its other hand and looked at Lyssa with eyes that had a mixture of anger, hate and she didnt know why but regret.  He took off like a shadow dissolving in sunlight. 
Lyssa are you alright?  Zoey asked retracting her blade and bending down beside Deravon.
Lyssa didnt answer as she knelt beside Deravon who had several scratches on his face.
Im alright, he said getting up.  
Zoey and Lyssa helped him up.  
Youre not alright, Zoey said as they moved quickly towards the house.
What was that thing?  Lyssa asked trying not to stumble from her shaking knees.
That my dear was a Drake and a ferocious one too, Deravon said before letting his head drop down.
They took Deravon inside where Lyssa helped Zoey clean his wounds and fixed him something to drink.  Deravon didnt like Zoey fussing over him and protested saying they were nothing more than scratches, but Zoey didnt listen to him gave him orders to stay upstairs and rest until Sean and Gwen got home.
Will there be more of them?  Lyssa asked putting away the tea kettle.  The Drakes are they after me too?
Lyssa turned to Zoey who sat at the kitchen table making a small pouch with dried herbs.
It couldve been only an isolated incident as you know Gwen and Sean harbor many refugees.  Some stay here for a long time and others simply pass by.  I hope that Drake was just passing through and nothing more.  Zoey looked up at Lyssa and smiled.  Come on lets go upstairs and give this to Deravon and you can give this to Toby.  Zoey handed her a tall glass of what looked like tea with a sprig of mint leaves.
Lyssa gently knocked on the door before she went in to see Toby sleeping soundly.  He looked peaceful she thought as she sat down and gazed at him.  She wondered now with the all the spells out of him, if he stilled had any feelings for her.  Her crush for him was too stubborn to dissolve even though she tried to smother it with several doses of reality.  None of them worked.  They will have to just go away in their own slow embarrassing way.  
The sun began to go down and the last bit of sunlight seemed to grow brighter giving all that it had before giving way to the darkness.  Lyssa thought of her father.  Was he cold, hurt, scared and the thought she dreaded, was he still alive?  She drew in a ragged breath trying to release her worries as she thought about the magic that Zoey said was inside her.  
The Eversepll was raw magic.  Could she summon it by herself without the key and try to save her father.  How could she do that with a chant or meditation?  Lyssas head began to hurt making her shoulders tense up.  
She got up turned on a light and closed the curtains before sitting in the chair and resting her head back on it and closed her eyes.
Is that for me?  Toby suddenly asked.
Lyssa popped up and took the glass handing it to him.
Zoey made it.  I think its tea.  I hope you like it, Lyssa quickly said as he smiled taking it from her.
Toby took a sip.  Its tea.  Toby sat up stretching his arms.
So do you feel better?  Lyssa asked.
Yes, I feel like my normal selfor at least closer to my normal self.  Toby swung his bare legs over the side of the bed.
I thought Zoey got rid of all those spells.  Lyssa asked.
She did and now she saidthis is going to sound crazy.  Toby looked away shaking his head.
Believe me Im not sure what normal is, so as far as I am concerned, anything goes.  Lyssa tried to reassure him.
Toby looked back at her and smiled giving a small laugh.
I come from a line of Changelings.  They are part Fae and part human or as they like to call us Etherlings.  And Megans a Banshee and she put several spells on me Toby gazed into Lyssas eyes as she gazed back unblinking.  Top that.
Well I found out that I have a stolen magic that Zoey put there because I am a rare magic vessel that cant come out without a key of some sort.  And now I have an ethnic cleansing, evil mastermind called the Muse brothers after me along with possible others interested in the magic.
Are you serious?  Tobys face went slightly pale.
Do you think I could make that up?  Lyssa asked with a chuckle even though she was scared.
I dont think Craig could even make that up.  Toby smiled taking Lyssa by the hand suddenly.
Lyssa felt goose bumps run up and down her arms while her skin cooled and burned at the same time.  She looked at Toby who stroked her hand.
I know and I know you know Zoey put a spell on me to fall in love with you, butthe truth is Lyssa is that I stillfind you fascinating and pretty.  I cant believe I am saying this and I have never said that to anyone before.
Lyssa smiled and her face flushed.
What about Megan?  Lyssa didnt want to even bring her up, but before she let her heart fall into the bubbly pool of love, she wanted to know where Megan was in the picture.
After all of those spells, I dont think I trust her any more.  She really isnt my type anyhow.  Toby replied with a shake of his head.
I dont blame you.  Lyssa had to let out a giggle.  
Zoey said your father is missing and theyre trying to find him.  Tobys eyes looked sincerely sympathetic to Lyssa.
Yeah, Lyssa felt her heart drop like it was on a bungee line.  When I left the dance I found my dad missing and some lunatic ninja girl waiting for me.  She works for the Muses and took my father to them.  She wouldve had me if it wasnt for Deravon.
Toby looked away for a moment as if trying to recall something.
That night is still kind of foggy.  But, I remember seeing you in the road, I brought back your shoe and a guy with dark hair, Tobys eyes met her with raised brows.  was wearing a suit that glittered.
Lyssa smiled.  Thats Deravon.
Interesting guy.  Toby shook his head and then laughed along with Lyssa.
It was a stupid thing to laugh at, but somehow just being with Toby all of her troubles seemed to melt into a small glob that was manageable.  
So whats it like having magic in you?  Does it feel any different?  Toby asked finishing his tea.
Lyssa smiled really thinking about it.  She felt like everything inside of her was not her, like her insides were tainted with poisons that she visualized swirling plumes of green goo.  The thought made her shiver.
Are you alright?  Toby asked concerned.
Lyssaa face flushed.  Yeah, it really doesnt feel any different.  I guess when we find the key, I will find out.
Toby smiled letting his thumb run over Lyssa fingers.  It tickled to her.  She like the sparks she felt when he would barely brush against her.  She then let her eyes meet his.  He smiled as if inviting her to lean closer to him.  She followed the magnetic pull, letting herself move closer until their noses barely brushed against each other.  Finally, she thought, I am going to kiss.
 Lyssa!  Gwens voice pierced through like a bolt.
Lyssa stood up like a soldier being called to attention.  Gwens eyes drifted from Toby to Lyssa.  She gave Lyssa a slightly prudent and scrutinizing look.  She then cleared her throat and focused her eyes on Toby.
Toby my name is Gwen and my husband Sean is the one who treated you.  I am glad you are better and you may return home tonight, she said in a formal tone.
Tonight?  Lyssa said with Gwens eyes looking at her with curiosity.
Yes, tonight.  I think it is best that the fewer involved the better.  Gwen said returning to the door.  Say your goodbyes and come downstairs, Sean is going to take Toby home. You have five minutes
The door closed leaving a crack that Lyssa went over and pushed shut.  Now that Toby was truly interested in her she couldnt be around him.  She ran her fingers through her hair pacing the floor.
What are you doing?  Toby asked.
Trying to come up with a plan.  Lyssa stopped and looked at Toby.
I can still come and see you.  You arent that far away, Toby said looking at her with his deep green eyes.  My parents dont need to know and it would probably be better if they didnt.
You dont get it.  I probably wont see you again because I wont be here.  Im going to the Fae world soon with Zoey.  Gwen and Sean dont know I have this Everspell and just being here puts them in danger and even you.  Lyssa wished she could just pee out the Everspell and hand it over to Zoey, but knew that wouldnt happen.  It is so ironic.  Everything comes to this and it just blows up for me.  Lyssa looked up at the ceiling closing her eyes.
Hey, Im not gone yet.
Lyssa turned to him and smiled.  
Are you always this optimistic?  Lyssa asked with a shake of her head.
I am a glass is half full kind of guy.  If theres a will there is a way.  Tobys lips curled into a smile.
Toby

Toby got into his truck after he said goodbye to Lyssa.  He really wanted to give her a kiss, but Gwen put a stop to that practically pushing him out the door.
You know I could have driven myself home, Toby said looking in his rear view mirror at Gwens headlights glaring back at him.
I know, but we wanted to see you safely home, Sean said as he drove Tobys truck down the highway.
Sean looked sideways at Toby and gave him a crooked smile.  You know, I got my scar from saving her from a terrible creature called a Drake, in fact its how we met.  Sean let his smile fade.  I would do anything for her as there are some things worth going after even though there is a dragon at your back.  Sean eyes drifted upward to the rear view mirror.
Toby glanced in the mirror as well.  He wanted Sean to turn around, but knew that wouldnt happen even though he sort of had Seans blessing to see Lyssa, or at least thats what he thought he meant.  Toby could still feel the string that drew him to Lyssa and the further they got, the thinner it felt. His skin itched to turn around, but headlights flashing him in the face reminded him that Gwen thought otherwise of him.
She isnt really a Dragon is she?  I mean after everything that has been happening to me
Sean let out a deep laugh.  No, no, no.  Gwen isnt anywhere close to one, but she is protective of Lyssa and always has been.  Seans eyes were steady on Toby.  All I am saying is that if something is worth having it is worth fighting for no matter what.
Toby looked back again at Gwens headlights.  He liked Lyssa and could think of no one he wanted to be with even being spell free, he still had feelings for her.  
So what will happen now?  Toby asked.  I mean what will Lyssa do?
Sean let out a sigh and looked straight ahead.  As far as we know our connections are still holding and we are safe, for right now.  When you handle the things we do everything changes all the time.  We were lucky we got to live here as long as we have.
Toby then seen the exit for Briarwood, they turned off going down the lit up main street.  Everything still looked the same, but had a different aura to it.  The clock showed it was ten clock at the bank and 42 degrees.  Hed been gone for a few days and in those days he realized that he didnt even know who he was.  Toby directed Sean to his house where he parked across the street.
Everythign looked the same, but different.  The lights wre on inside and he could see the faint image of his mother at the kitchen sink.
Theyre fine and as soon as you open the doo, everything will be back to normal for you.  Sean smiled as Gwens hadlights blasted them from behind.
I care about Lyssa and something feels so right when I am with her.  I care about my family, but I feel like I dont fit in like everyone else.  Now everything has come together and I want something different.  I am part of another world tooa Changeling.  I dont even really know what that means, but I want to find out.
Sean gave Toby a sympathetic smile and shook his head.
My boy, I do have to say you have something in you and I knew it when I saw how many spells where in you.  It is no wonder you didnt go mad.  But, you cant come with us right now.  Your home is here.
You dont understand  Toby started to protest when Sean waved his hand in front of his face.  Toby Winslett you will go home and tell your parents you had a good time visiting your Aunt Sophie.  Seans voice was soft and slow.  Do you understand?
Yes.  Tobys thoughts melted away like snow on a warm spring day.
He tried to cling to the thought of Lyssa and everything that Sean had told him, but he couldnt.  Everything became a shadow without definition until he opened his eyes and was staring at his house.
Toby was standing in the driveway with the rumbling of a motor fading in the distance.  He looked around the lit street.  Everything was quiet.  His truck was parked in front of his dads car.  But something wasnt right and he couldnt put a finger on it.
A porch light flicked on and he was greeted by his mom and dad.  They quizzed him about his trip and he answered them like he was really visited his Aunt Sophie which felt more like a dream to him.
He went upstairs and sat in his room for a moment.  The glow from his clock illuminated the room.  His mom must have straightened his books and got all of his dirty clothes out as everything felt like it was his, but at the same time it felt like a hotelforeign and yet familiar.  He lay back on his comforter that covered his bed and closed his eyes.  He wondered if Megan had called and then he remembered she was visiting family too at the same time Lyssa was.  He wondered when Lyssa would be coming back.  But why did he care about her so much?
Toby sat up and ran his fingers through his hair as a light caught his eyes.  He looked around his room and saw nothing  then he  noticed a  faint  glow under his palm that made  the navy  blue comforter look  like a flashlight  was underneath it.  Slowly, he lifted his hand and the light grew brighter.  He flipped it over and held it in front of his face.  Lines  of  moving  light  ran  through  his  skin  then  he remembered.  Everything  seemed to crumble around him and he remembered who he wasa Changeling from a hidden world called Fae.
Chapter Nine
Eli

The ruins of Arrinia were large and scattered.  The portal that Eli passed through to get to the Etherworld, was several miles away.  They passed through many of the ruins, zigzagging around the crumbled stones.
Wes still had Eli on a leash and would tug on it like some spoiled child on a pets collar.  Eli contained his anger for the little juvenile Fae, not letting it bother him, he still had to come up with a plan to out maneuver Wes and Lizzi as well escape the iron grip of Elijah the Giant.  Elis position didnt look good, but as he learned in prison, there are always chancesyou just have to be brave to take them.
Ah home!  Wes said inhaling the cool air.  Whats for dinner Elijah?
Is that all you do eat and take up space?  Eli realized he had spoken his thoughts instead of keeping them to himself.
No.  Wes replied unaffected by Elis comment.  In fact I am one of the best Rebels here and can fight any number of foes we might run into.  Wes pulled on the rope.  Fighting takes a lot out of you.  You should try it sometime.
Eli would like nothing more than to take Wes by the collar and show him a thing or two about being a real sentry.  But he wasnt worth it and merely a pesky fly to him.  Wes continued to laugh at his own comment as Lizzi told him to be quiet.  Eli had to escape from them for good this time.
As if a reflex took over, Eli pulled hard and quick on the rope whipping it out of Wess hand.  Wes flinched, rubbed his rope burned hand with a surprised look on his face.  Eli took the chance to run back into the forest of crumbling stones.
He could hear Elijah yell at Wes along with Lizzi.  Eli swirled around the stones using them as cover and even back tracking a little to confuse the dense Fae.  As Eli ran, he began to loosen the rope that bound him letting it fall to the ground.  He could hear Wes curse at him sounding out of breath.  Eli then smiled thinking he had made it only he didnt have the Everspell.
Just as he began to stop a light exploded in front of him making smoke curl around his feet.  The light faded to a shimmering of glitter around a dark figure that stood before him.
Where are your Mogs?  The mans voice asked.
My Mogs?  Eli asked dumbfounded.  
Yes, your Mogs.  A tall weathered looking man replied with greying black hair that curled in waves.
The man looked at him raising his eyebrows expecting an answer.  He held out in front of him a small ball glowing with a cool light.  It was an orillion.  
How do you know about my  Eli then remembered as if it had been years.  The man before him was the man he had met in the dungeon when he released the Mogs.
I knew I shouldve never trusted you with them.  I should have told Zoey or as you know her as Lil that you couldnt handle them and they had you for a late night snack.
Youre the man I met in the dungeon.  Who are you?  Eli demanded.
The man looked at him and instead of answering he turned his attention to Wes and Lizzi who ran up behind him.  Wes jerked Elis arm around his back and started to bind his hand again.
Ah, I see you have all returned safely.  But you need to hang onto our guest a little better, the man said taking a step closer to Eli. Theres no need for that Wes.  His voice was soft and gentle.
But, Merlin he keeps getting away, Lizzi said standing beside Eli.
Elis mouth dropped as Merlin smiled at him.  
Merlin the keeper of magic, Eli said almost in disbelief.  
Yes, but I just go by Merlin.  He smiled.  Now lets get inside, its getting cold out here.
The moon filtered through the trees casting long shadows on the ground.  The stone pillars that towered over them shone like white ghosts watching as if they were immortal watchmen.  
The buildings mustve been magnificent at one time, Eli thought passing by them.  Everything was quiet, not even the occasional owl or night creature stirred.  Merlin told them something was afoot around the area and wasnt sure what it was, but he didnt want to capture its attention.  He told them to be as quiet a possible which was hard for Eli who wanted to tell Merlin about the Everspell.
If Eli knew he was going to meet Merlin in person, he would have led the way.  Merlin was one of the last magic vessels known even though magic has all but faded to myth for Faes.  Eli knew different.  
Didnt get far, did you?  Elijah stood with crossed arms smiling at Eli.  Come on dinner is served.
In the blackness Eli could only see a dark building barely showing its outline against the moon lit sky.  The ground was cluttered with fallen stones and a path led to a curved staircase of stone.  The door was massive with intricate and deeply carved designs.  Light sparkled through the perfectly circular faceted windows about the size of Elis hand.  They were evenly scattered reminding him of dew drops sparkling in sunlight on blades of grass.  The building must have been refurbished by the Rebels he thought as the welcoming glow of inside broke the darkness surrounding them.
Lizzi and Wes went in first followed by Eli, Merlin stopped for a moment looking behind him.
Something is close by Elijah and I dont like it.  Merlin said taking off his long cape.
You mean something is following us?  Eli asked only to be ignored.
Do you need help with a protection spell?  Elijah asked.
No, the one we have should suffice.  No sense in overdoing it, sometimes that can act as a beacon.  Merlin looked over at Eli.  We need to welcome our guest anyhow.
The entry had dimly lit orilions hanging on the stone walls.  Their footsteps echoed in the cool air as Elijah led them through a tall set of double wooden doors just as ornate as the front door.  Warmth hit Eli like a hand across the face.  Several people about twenty, Eli estimated, were sitting either at a long table or by the fire talking among themselves. Their voices were barely above a murmur with occasional laughs in smaller groups.  There were as many men as women or should he say boys and girls.  They all looked young to him not one of them looked to be older than eighteenall children. Their eyes passed over Eli, but they didnt seem alarmed or concerned of his presence.
Come, sit down.  Elijah pulled a chair out looking at Eli.
Eli sat down at the end of the long table as Lizzi sat on one side and Wes on the other.  Merlin mumbled something to Elijah who shook his head and then went into a dark hallway past the large fireplace designed like the open mouth of a dragon.  
Its about time you got back.  A young girl with long blonde hair and glittering blue eyes swirled up behind Wes wrapping her slender arms around him as he smiled at her.  I missed you. Come see me later after I get done with my duties.  The girl went into the same dark hallway as Elijah carrying a large tray.
Eli gazed at Wes who smiled taking a sip of his drink.  Just then another girl with fiery red hair and dark eyes stood at the end of the table placing plates in front of them.  
Here you go, the girl said with eyes still focused on Wes and nearly knocking down Elis drink as she did.
You stood me up last time.  She turned to Wes.  I think you need to make up for that.
What time do you get done?  Wes asked.  Because youre right, that wasnt very nice of me.
In an hour.  The girl promptly replied.
Wes rubbed his chin as Eli rolled his eyes and Lizzi tried to cover up her smile by shoving in a large potato into her mouth.  
How about in an hour and a half?  Wes finally suggested.
Dont leave me waiting this time.  She then returned to the same darkened hallway.
Eli raised his eyebrows at Wes who eagerly ate his dinner not bothered by what just took place.
Have you no respect?  Eli had to say something.
What do you mean? Of course I do.  I give them what they want.  Wes sat up straight like a peacock showing off its display of colorful feathers.  I am one of the best Rebels here.
Eli only shook his head.  At fighting or schmoozing with the girls?
Wess lips curled into a smile.  Both.
Eli didnt reply because it was no use and Wes really wasnt his concern right now.  Elijah still had the Everspell and now he wanted to tell what he had as Merlin was here and surly would help him take it to the Isle of Stars.
How is everything?  Elijah asked towering over them.
Very good.  I wish I could cook like you.  Lizzi looked up at him.
Elijah wheres Merlin at?  I have something of great importance to tell him.  Eli stood up looking at Elijah.
I know and thats why I came to get you.  Youve better come with me quickly.  Elijahs voice turned serious and his consistent joyous look faded altogether. 
Wes and Lizzi got up as well only to be stopped by Elijah.
Merlin doesnt need you, at least not yet, Elijah said taking Eli and directing him to the blackened hallway.
They went through the kitchen that had a couple of women that must have been Giants as well since they were large in size, but not as large Elijah.  They were cleaning things up and only glanced up at Eli then returned to their duties.
Past the fireplace in the kitchen was a tall arched opening that led to a spiral staircase.  Small windows opened to outside and as they went higher; Eli could see every so often the moon lit landscape of what seemed like thousands of trees. Finally, they reached a circular room with a ceiling made of glass that magnified the star filled sky.  Merlin stood in the center pacing the floor.  There was nothing else in the room except for a basin that looked like a birdbath, but only taller.
Eli, it seems you have found the Everspell.  Care to elaborate on that?  Merlin turned to him with the book in one hand.  He smiled at Eli before quickly closing it.
Lyssa

What if something happens to Toby?  Lyssa asked Gwen.  He needs protection too.
Gwen reached into the dishwasher grabbed the last glass and put it in the cupboard, shut the door and turned to Lyssa.
I know youre concerned for him in more ways than his safety.  Gwen then went into the laundry room that was just off of the kitchen.
Lyssa watched her shove in big fluffy towels into the washer.  She knew she would never convince her to bring Toby back.
What if something happens?  What if the Muse brothers get to him?  Lyssa tried to lay on a little guilt.
Gwen looked at her with a tired expression.  She shut the washer lid and put away the detergent.
I think he has enough protection with his Banshee significant other.  She and her clan will protect him.  Besides, the Muses dont waste their time with some Changeling.  They want something more and they arent going to get it, Gwen said going into the kitchen.
Lyssa followed her and stopped at the archway between the kitchen and laundry room.  She leaned against the wood trim and watched Gwen fix herself a cup of tea.
So what happens now?  Lyssa asked instead of pressing Gwen about Toby.  Any news on my dad?  A knot formed in her stomach whenever she thought of him.
Gwen drew in a ragged breath turned to Lyssa and tried to give an encouraging smile.  
Information runs slowly between Fae and the Etherworld.  But our connections are strong and we will get him back as soon as we can, Gwen said sitting down and motioned for Lyssa to join her.
Lyss pulled the chair out and sat with the sun pounding its warm rays on her back through the many windows that lined the small nook off from the kitchen.  Gwen made her some tea as well and Lyssa curled her hands around the warm mug.  It felt comforting to her, like one of Zoeys hugs that tightened slowly before she released her.  She felt like she needed one of those hugs right now and a hot mug was as close as she was going to get, Gwen doesnt show her emotion openly like Zoey.
You know your mother was very brave and she loved you and your father very much, Gwen said between sips.
Lyssa let her eyes trail off of her tea to Gwen.  I know.  
Lyssa, there is something about the night that your mother died that I want you to know.  Gwens words were sudden hitting Lyssa like a rock.  I know your father hasnt been the fatherly type and there is a reason for that.  Gwen paused and looked steadily at Lyssa.  Kearlyn put a spell on him before she died.  She knew he would be so heartbroken that while she lay dying put a forgetting spell on him to ease his grief.  The last thing she wanted was to hurt him in any way.  By doing so the spell had side effects that Sean and I could see.  That is why he would come every so often and have the spell slowly removed.
So it was a spell all these years and not me?  Lyssa wasnt sure if she was relived or horrified to know.  
It was never you.  Gwens voice grew in pitch and Lyssa could tell that the thought of that had never crossed her mind.  Oh, Lyssa it could never be you.  You are the reason he hung on and went through the spell removal which is very difficult.  He loved you very much and you had no idea how much he hurt to be that way.
Lyssa looked down at her amber colored tea.  The warmth slowly faded and Lyssa removed her hands from it.
Its true Lyssa.  Zoeys voice pierced the silence.
I hope you werent eavesdropping, Gwen said standing up.
Gwen and Zoey never really got along and only did so for Lyssas sake.  Lyssa could see the tension between them.  They were like trying to mix oil and water and that can only be done with some sort of binder and that binder was Lyssa.  They were cordial to each other in Lyssas presence and put on an obvious friendly faade.  
Your voice carried and I wasnt trying to sneak in on your conversation.  I was just acknowledging that I was here and agree with you.  Zoey stepped in closer like someone moving close to an injured animal trying to help it.
There is nothing to agree to.  Thats simply what happened.  Gwen took the mugs and rinsed them out in the sink.
You removed the spell very well.  Thomas handled everything well and I dont think I could have done any better, Zoey said and Lyssa could see the complement backfired.
Save your praise, I dont need it right now.  There are more important things right now than the past.  Gwen dried her hands and threw the towel half folding it on the counter.  
Thats true there are more important things right now, Zoey said as Sean came in from the back door.
Gwen, come quick.  Theres something you need to see. Sean hollered in before he let the door shut.
Without hesitation they went outside where Deravon and Sean stood looking at the ground.
There have been Drakes through here.  They circled the house.  I think the one that attacked Deravon was no isolated incident.  Everyone looked at Sean in silence.  They know we are here and what we have.  Seans eyes glided over to Lyssa.
Are the Drakes working for the Muses though?  Gwen asked as Zoey wrapped her arms around Lyssa.
They could be.  Times change Gwen and the neutrality of the Drakes could have easily shifted.  Sean held in front of him a newspaper showing an article on an animal attack.  Another murder, its the third one in the area in the last two months.  There are police everywhere.  I dont want any more Etherlings getting hurt.  Sean looked around the landscape that Lyssa always thought was safe and beautiful.  Lets go in and talk about this.
Everyone went into the lower level that was a walk out basement with large windows that made the outside feel like it was part of the room.  A large sectional couch made a small sitting area that had a large screen T.V. and a fireplace in the corner.  Lyssa always loved this part of the house.  It was fancy, but comfortable enough that you didnt feel like you shouldnt be eating popcorn while watching a movie in the room. 
Lyssa needs to go into hiding, Gwen said as Sean locked the door.  
I am with the Rebels now.  I am leader of a squadron of them.  She will be safe there.  Zoey suggested looking at Lyssa with a small smile.
Rebels?  Gwen spat the word out.  You know nothing about matters like this.  How can some treasure hunter have enough skill to protect someone?  Gwen set her scrutinizing gaze on Zoey.  
Zoey glanced back at Gwen overlooking Lyssas confused look.
First of all, it isnt treasure hunting.  I am a Relic Hunter.  My job is to secure
Yes, I know what you do.  Gwen waved her hands at Zoey like she was waving away someone trying to serve her some disgusting meal like liver and onions.  That doesnt really matter.  You do not have the training, the expertise.
I have someone in my ranks though that can.  Zoey retorted.
Sean stepped in between Gwen and Zoey.  Who is that?  Sean asked Zoey.
His name is Eli Mosshood and he was a sentry before joining us.  Zoey stepped closer to Gwen.  Look, we all care about Lyssa and I have connections in Fae.  You guys have been gone for so long that you dont really know who you are trusting.
Lyssa could see Seans face fill with grave concern while Gwen looked like a stone statue that was unwilling to budge until something knocked her down.
You dont know our connection, you cant possibly know of what are status was.  Gwen lifted her shoulders back.
Was.  Zoey put emphasis on that word.  Was, that is in the past.  Things have changed and theyve changed dramatically after seventeen years.
How are we to get Lyssa to the Rebels then?  Sean asked as Gwen stormed upstairs.
Zoeys eyes followed Gwen until the door shut behind her.
We need to make a portal.  If there are any more Landmerrows around would be perfect.  Zoey suggested.
I do hope you have more than just one, because the one in the woodswe kind of insulted and I dont think it will let us pass, Deravon said sitting on the large couch with his feet propped up.  
How did you insult the Landmerrow?  Seans eyebrows burrowed into what Lyssa thought looked like two kissing caterpillars.  What did you do?  Try to make a portal with it?
Deravon answered with a smile and a shrug of his shoulders.
Deravon is sort of with me Sean.  He has connections on all sides and he was trying to get Lyssa to safety.
Sean drew in a deep breath before looking at Lyssa. 
I want to go with Zoey to the Rebels and I want to take Toby with me, Lyssa said calmly even though her insides were quivering.  He needs protection too.
I have done nothing but ever protect you and your dad.  Sean cut in front of Gwen before she could say a word.  Things are getting dangerous.  He glanced back a Gwen.  Too dangerous and I dont think I can protect Lyssa anymore without help and like I said before, I know Deravon your intentions are good and Zoey youve been like a mother to Lyssa.  I cant think of anyone I would want to trust more.
Toby

The party was epic that you missed, Craig said leaning against the wall of lockers.  Everyone was there.  Megan showed up looking for you.
Megan.  Toby had so much to discuss with her.  Is she here because I havent seen her?
I dont know.  She got pissed off and left with some guy from another school.  Craig went over to his locker threw his books and slammed the door before anything fell out.  If you ask me, youre better off without her.
Toby looked away.  He was better off without her, but she also held the answers to his questions.  He had to talk to her.
So who did you go and see anyhow?  You left all of a sudden and when I called your house your mom said that you were fine and just visiting family.  Craig asked standing in front of him.
Toby looked at Craig who had been his friend since second grade.
You know I like your mom probably more than mine, Craig said whose mom was a single parent worked most of the time and ran around a lot with different guys.  Tobys mom more or less raised Craig and fed him as well.  But something wasnt right, like I walked in some lame movie where robots took over people.  They just sounded strange.
Toby watched as people began to head off to the next class and then looked at Craig.
I have something I need to tell you that youre not going to believe, Toby said as the hall began to empty.  Come on we have to sneak out.
They both went into the gym which was empty and into the parking lot where they got into Tobys truck.  
It must be important since you who-never-miss-a-class while Ive skipped more than Ive gone.  Craig pointed to himself as if proud of his accomplishments.  So tell me, whats the mystery?
Lets get out of here first.

Toby drove to Wild Bills gas station which was the first business when entering Briarwood.  Craig looked at Toby with wide eyes that had a tinge of concern in them.  Toby took a deep breath.  He had to tell someone and Craig was his friend that backed him up no matter what.
Youre going to think Im insane but I am telling you, Im not, Toby said as a car pulled up beside them to get gas.
Craig drew in a deep breath, looked away and ran his fingers through his hair before looking back at Toby.
You still like girls dont you?  Craig asked in a low voice.  
Toby shook his head and gave a small chuckle.  Yes, just listen.  
I wasnt visiting family.  I was at a house in Cloaksville with Lyssa.  Im not who you think I am and right now Im not even sure what I am.  Toby looked at Craigs doubting expression.  
O.K., this sounds like the Im not interested in girls anymore and Im coming out of the closet speech to me.  Craig raised his eyebrows.
Toby took in a deep breath thinking that speech would be a lot easier.  Maybe it would be better if I show you.
Toby held his right hand in front of him.  The thin broken lines that glowed were not there.  He gazed at it for a moment and then rubbed his palm, like Zoey did, with his thumb and slowly exposed the electrified lines.  He then held it in front of Craig.
What the hell is that?  Craig asked looking at it.
It is my mark.  The house that I was at was owned by people not from this world but a hidden world called Fae.  Craig looked like a boulder had been dropped on him, but Toby continued, he didnt know what else to do.  I come from a line of Changelings and that is why my mark is broken and only glows part way.
That isnt all that is broken.  Craig began to fidget and Toby knew that telling him would make Craig think he is crazy.  WhatHowI mean are you listening to yourself?
I know it seems unbelievable and I know I look like I have lost all reasoning.  Tobys voice began to rise in volume catching that attention of the man that just got done filling his car with gas.  But, its the truth.  Toby rubbed his forehead looking out the windshield.
Everything was quiet except for the sounds of a normally busy gas station.  Maybe he shouldnt have said anything, but Craig was like a brother to him.  
Well, I guess that explains a lot, Craig suddenly said nodding his head at him.
What do you mean?  Toby asked.
Ever since Ive known you everyone has always liked you and treated you...I dont know in a special waylike giving you extra attention.  Craig looked down at his hands as if he was talking to them.  It was small things like free ice cream at the caf or leniency with most of our teachers for late homework.  People have a way of looking at you in a different light than others.  Craig lifted his eyes and looked at Toby.  
Toby smiled.  Then I hope you believe me also if I tell you Megan isnt a normal girl but a Banshee.
Shes a what?  Craig raised his eyebrows.
Well, I guess I dont really know what that means, but I think a girl who screams a lot and people kind of fear.  Toby shrugged his shoulders.  It made sense to me.
Now, that I believe without a doubt.  Craig shook his head.
Mind if we go to Cloaksville?  Toby asked turning the ignition.
Sure, by now my mom is off and probably so drunk she forgot she had a son, Craig said with a smile.
Craig had accepted the way his mom was and Toby one time seen him thank his mom when Craig thought no one was around.  Tobys mom told him later what Craig said.  Craig was like an adopted brother to him and if this was happening to Craig, Toby would do the same thing.
So what did you say you were?  A Changeling?  Craig asked as the afternoon sun blasted in front of them.
Yes, Changing.  It is like a half breed.  Somewhere I have family ties in Fae and Zoey told me everything.  Toby squined his eyes at the relentless sun.
Zoey, you mean Lyssas Zoey?  Craig asked.
Toby tightened his grip on the steering wheel as he began to tell Craig everything from Megans spells to Lyssa being a magic vessel and the stolen Everspell in her.  He told him about the Muses who were after her and also about Sean and Gwen harboring fugitives from the Fae world.  When Toby was done he didnt know what to expect Craig to say.  He just listened.
So, Toby said breaking the thirty seconds of silence that filled the truck.  Are you sure you still believe me?
Let me see you hand.  Craig said.
Toby wondered why, but held out his hand with the faintly glowing line.  Craig gazed at it.
   So do you have special power, fly or do some other amazing thing?
Not that I know of, Toby replied.
So you just pretty much light up, Craig said.
Toby didnt reply at first, he smiled amused by Craigs usual inquisitive nature.
Yes, I guess I just light up.  Toby looked forward turning on his turn signal.
So where is this Fae world at?  Craig asked.
Toby looked at him.  Im not sure, somewhere hidden. You ask a lot of questions.
Are you kidding?  Something like this happens and of course there are a lot of questions.  Just think no one or not many know of this Fairyland.  
Its not Fairyland  Toby looked over at Craig who turned his head trying to muffle his laughing.
Toby looked forward as he went down the two lane road nestled between tall trees.  He thought Craig of all people, would believe him without a doubt, he guessed wrong.  Toby wished he wouldnt have told Craig now and he could feel his face burn.
You dont believe me do you?  Toby asked going down the road and realized he wasnt sure of the way to Gwen and Seans house.
Craig looked at him he had laughed so hard that his eyes were watering.  Toby just gave a huff and looked both ways at the stop sign before he moved forward.
Oh, come on!  This is a joke right?  You made this up and that on your hand is some kind of fake glittery stuff.  Its a little early for April Fools, isnt it?  Toby glanced over with a straight face.  You were just trying to get meright?  Craigs last word rang with an uncertain doubt to it.
Craigs face dropped and went pale as Toby didnt reply.  He regretted telling Craig anything.
I shouldve never told you.  
What did Toby expect?  Of course it was an extraordinary thing and a fantastical thing to comprehend.  What else did he expect Craig to think anything else but a joke?  The truck grew into an uncomfortable silence as Toby tried to think of ways to make Craig believe his situation.  Surely when they got to Seans house everything could be explained.  
If it makes you feel any better I do believe Megan is a Banshee, Craig said in a low voice.
Toby couldnt help but smile as he looked out the side window and tried to see if anything looked familiar in the fading light.
Watch out!  Craig yelled just as something as large and bulky as a refrigerator ran out in front of them.
Toby swerved only to have the back of his truck start to flip back and forth fish tailing out of control.  He clenched the steering wheel turning it right and then left.  Gravel hit the side of his truck as the scene in front of them went from corn field to bean field then back again.  Toby had never been this out of control before in his truck.  No matter what he did, didnt seem to make a difference.  The truck then began to go straight only to get too close to the side of the road sucking them into the ditch. He wondered if they would ever stop.
Dust rolled around like fog.  Even his headlights looked like two knives trying to cut through it.  Toby still had his hands on the wheel as he looked over at Craig.  
What just happened?  Craig asked as Toby tried to open his door.
Were in the ditch.  The dust slowly settled and Toby could see yellow blades of grass out of his door window.  Its no wonder we didnt roll.
Craig opened his door and they both got out looking up at the road.  A small creek was in front of them and a bridge went over it curving off to the right.  Their tracks could be seen easily through the tall grass.  His truck had come to rest nestled between a steep embankment and the creek.  It looked like he had drove down here to have a picnic.  
What ran out in front of us?  A deer isnt that big.  Craig asked getting out his cell phone.  I cant get a signal down here.
Toby saw it too.  A large thing running like a person only hunched over.  The only word he could use to describe it was Sasquatch. 
Let me try to drive it out first, Toby said getting back in.
I dont think you are going anywhere.  Youre tire is like half buried in mud.  Craig said walking up the embankment.  I am going to call Bill at his gas station.  He can maybe get us out.  I know he had gotten my mom out of several DUIs before--pulled her out before any cops showed up.  He can pull just about anything out of a ditch.
Toby followed Craig up the hill to the desolate road.  Darkness had fallen with only a thin sliver of orange sky left.  The days of autumn were short and soon theyd be surrounded in darkness.  The truck headlights illuminated the bridge casting long shadows around it.  Everything was quiet except for the beeping of Craigs cell phone.
No signal.  Craig huffed lifting his phone into the air as if a couple extra feet would make the difference.  Damn it, he said pacing the road kicking gravel.
Lets walk down the road and see if there are any houses.  Toby suggested.
We wouldnt be in this mess if you werent trying to make me fall for all of this Fairy shit.  Craig kicked at the gravel splattering a few rocks around Tobys feet.  I mean, reallyhave you gone crazy on me or something?
Toby looked back at him.  He didnt expect Craig to believe him, but thought friendship almost to the point of brothers wouldve overridden that.  
I know Megan can be a bitch and I know you have this thing for Lyssa
No it isnt Megan or Lyssa, Toby said standing in front of Craig.  
Suddenly, a low growl came from beside them in the ripened corn field.  The wind blew gently just making the dried up corn stalks shiver against one another like bones on a skeleton.  Toby and Craig stood still and peered into the darkness.
What was that?  Craig whispered.
I dont.  Before Toby could finish a large black object pounced out of the field like a shadow and leaped towards them.
Run!  Toby yelled and turned away to hear Craig scream after him.
Toby stopped realizing Craig wasnt beside him.  The dark shadowy creature held Craig by the back of his shirt and made a sniffing sound followed by deep gurgles.  He stepped closer very cautiously.  The creature was covered in fur with large hands pointed with dark talons and fluffy long fur framing his lion like face.  Toby stood in awe at the magnificent creature that was oblivious to Tobys presence.
The creature ran his flaring nose up and down Craig as if trying to decide on what to do with him. Toby had to get Craig freed.  He looked around thinking he could go back to the truck and get his breaker bar that he uses to change flat tires with, but the truck was down the hilltoo far away to outrun the creature.
Do something!  Craig yelled as the creature lifted and turned him still smelling him.  Do something before it decides if I am good enough to eat!
Toby bent down picking up a handful of gravel without taking his eyes off the creature.  He knew it was not going to bring the creature down, but maybe he would at least let go of Craig. Toby flung the rocks at the creature causing it to flinch back.  Toby bent down again and grabbed a handful of gravel this time he picked up a large rock that nearly filled his palm.
He took aim at the creature whose eyes turned yellow and glowed like Jack-o-Lanterns. It still had Craig by the scruff as he slowly advanced towards Toby.  With the rock in his right hand, he aimed at the creatures head and hoped that the rock would hit him square in the forehead.
It hit him with a thud throwing his head back slightly before it bounced to the ground at Tobys feet.  Slowly Toby held his breath and looked at the yellowed eyed creature.
Youre just pissing it off.  Run!  Craigs eyes were filled with fear as Toby stood frozen.  Get out of here!  Run!
Before Toby could even pick up the rock again the creature grasped Toby by the collar and lifted him eye level.  The creature began to smell him causing his shirt to pull away from his skin and stick to the creatures nose.
You both have the scent.  Though you have it, you have it more than this Etherling.  Hmm, master will be pleased.  The creatures voice was rough but had a tinge of success in it.
The damn thing talks!  Craig looked horrified.
The creature jolted back into the corn field with Craig and Toby securely clenched under the creatures massive arms.  He could feel the corn stalks brush against him until they exited into a wooded area thick with trees.  The creature darted around them.  Toby could feel the creatures muscles flex with agility and strength as it moved through the forest.  He could only wonder what or who Master was and where exactly they were going, but one thing Toby was sure of and that was Craig had to believe him now.
Chapter Ten
Eli

Elijah stood with crossed arms and looked steadily at Eli as if he didnt answer Merlin correctly, he would squeeze the right answer out of him.  
I was taking it to the Isle of Stars.  Thats where Zoey and I were planning on taking it in the first place.  Eli still had a hard time calling Lil Zoey like if she had changed into someone else and maybe she had.
Merlin held the book in both hands and stepped closer to Eli.  My young nave Fae, you dont have the Everspell.  
Merlin tossed the book to the floor and gave him a sympathetic smile.  Eli looked at the book wondering how that was possible and second guessing Merlins judgment.
You were close to the Everspell, but you missed it by a long shot.  You see, the Everspell is pure magic that hasnt been used by anyone and to put it into something sononlivingit would never survive, Merlin said as he walked around the room in circles with his hands behind his back.  Eli gazed down at the book.
How do you know?  Eli questioned and looked at Elijah who refolded his massive arms and shifted his weight as a warning.  Someone as famous as Merlin should never be questioned, but Eli was so sure the Etherling put the Everspell in the book. 
Because, it would have dissolved and been lost forever if it didnt have a vessel to survive in.  Merlin stopped and gazed at Eli hard.  You had the Everspell in your presence and didnt even know it.
Eli looked away towards the ground.  The book laid on the ground with its pages curled under it, as if it was a piece of trash.  He was so sure he had it and his uniting with the Etherlings mark proved it.  She kept all of her important things in it.  Where else could it have been?  He thought of the girl and her mark.  An Etherling with a mark never made sense and Eli thought it was some trick that Zoey played to mislead him.  His sharp sentry skills should have questioned everything, but he didnt and wanted a quick answer.  It could have been in only one other place.
Eli looked into Merlins eyes.  It is in the Etherling girl. 
Merlins eyes twinkled as he turned away from him.
Zoey thought you would have figured it out and now she is risking not only her safety but the Everspell as well.  Merlins words hung like an omen in the room.  She has as many friends as foes, Eli, and she was hoping you, an unimportant sentry who got caught stealing keys in the Fae Museum could surely find and bring the correct Everspell to us.  Merlin kicked the book making it skid across the floor to be swallowed by a darkened corner.  Especially with the funding of the Muses.
How was I supposed to know?  Eli stepped closer to Merlin as Elijah took a step closer as well.  If that was what she wanted me to, why didnt she just tell me?  Why didnt she just tell me about everything here?  Eli waved his hands in the air and turned from Merlin as the room grew silent.
She loves you Eli.  Merlins words were soft and in all the languages he probably knew, that statement sounded unnaturally foreign to Eli.  She chose not to tell you because she wanted you safe.  If you were caught with any connection to the Rebels you wouldve been tortured to death.
Eli let out a sigh that led into a small chuckle.  So she was hoping for a quick death then? 
You dont see it and I dont have time to explain it.  Merlin left with his cape swirling around him like a shadow.
Eli was alone with millions of stars twinkling at him through the glass ceiling.  He gazed at them in their innocence they have probably witnessed thousands of things in their lifetime.  He wished one of them could talk and tell him the best course of action.  
The Everspell was in the Etherling girl and now Zoey was after her.  Eli had to intercept her before she could bring her to the Rebels.  His promise which is something so deep it has become a part of him, Eli could never break.  
Eli swiftly descended the staircase through the now empty kitchen.  He could hear Merlins voice echo addressing everyone in the dining hall.  He pushed open and went in.  He stood in the back behind Lizzi and Wes.  Everyone had made a circle around Merlin.
That is why our swiftness in this matter is important.  We will act as one.  The portal is just about complete and now with Zoeys message of urgencywe must act quicker.  Our salvation depends on it.  Merlin waved his hand in the air and turned parting the crowd only to be swallowed by the darkness of the hallway behind him.
The band of young Faes scattered going every which way leaving Eli stranded and confused.
Whats going on here Elijah?  Eli asked looking up at the grey faced giant.
Zoey sent a message.  He started to say.  There was an ambush involving Drakes and shes headed here.
Drakes were the Fire People that came from the shadows when the Fae first made their new world.  They were the stowaways and have always been a thorn in their perfect world.  If Drakes would get hold of the Everspell, if they even had knowledge of it, there would be no compromising.
We have to help her, Eli said feeling he should take action.
The best we can do is prepare for hiding and hopes she brings the Everspell with her.  Elijah placed his heavy hand on his shoulder and left Eli alone with the crackling fire and dragon mantle staring blankly at him.
Lyssa

I know you dont like Zoey, Lyssa said to Gwen who moved the shelves in her pantry revealing the hidden passage.
It isnt that.  I dont share her views and Lyssa you are too important to me to just trust anyone.  Gwen went down the staircase with Lyssa at her heels.
Yeah, but she dated dad for a long time.
I didnt say that she wasnt good to you.  You are my family Lyssa.  Gwen turned to her in the dim light looking into her eyes.
Lyssa let out a sigh.  Sean thinks differently.  He thinks I should go to the Rebels.
We know nothing of the Rebels.  For all we know they might have relations to the Muses.  Gwen climbed a ladder to get a red colored square glass bottle down.  Besides it is my decision and no other.
Lyssa wanted to protest and make Gwen understand.  Gwen had no idea that the Everspell was in her and trying to keep such an important thing from her was hard.  Maybe if she said something about it that would change her mind.
Ah, here we go.  Gwen looked at the bottle like she was reading cough syrup.  This is an old protection spell.
Gwen, Lyssa could feel bile rise in her throat.  Have you ever heard of the Everspell?  
Lyssa bit her lip.  She just let the question roll off her tongue in one breath.  Maybe by seeing what Gwen knew would sway her decision. 
Gwens eyes lifted slowly like a snake catching sight of its prey.  Yes.  She answered slowly.  How do you know about it?
Lyssa wasnt expecting a question in return.  I heard the others talk about it.
It is fable and too dangerous to even mention.  It is something those treasure hunters are after and its nothing more than a myth, Gwen said guiding Lyssa up the staircase.
But it could be real right?  Lyssa stopped on the stairs and turned to face Gwen.
No, it isnt and I wont have you going after it.  Gwen crowded Lyssa to go upstairs.
The sky was filled with blazing oranges edged in a purplish rim of the sun that had sunk past the horizon.  Gwen turned on a light and opened the bottle.
How does that work?  Lyssa really didnt want a protection spell.
You drink it.  Gwen said putting it into a mug.  I have to do some other things to it though.
Lyssa was glad the protection spell wasnt done cooking yet and discreetly exited leaving Gwen humming to herself.  She wanted to be alone and found solace in the autumn twilight.
She walked in circles kicking the leaves up in the air watching them fall gracefully to the ground.  She wrapped her arms around herself trying to keep the cold air from flowing through her sweater.  She looked up at the sky.  Stars were slowly appearing forcing the sun deeper into the horizon.  The sun was shining somewhere else now.  She wondered if and how it shined in the Fae world.  
Lyssa thoughts began to drift to everything from her father to the Everspell.  She wondered where the key was and what did it look like and more importantly how did it work. What about Gwen and Sean.  Sean was in agreement to Lyssa going with Zoey.  She wanted to tell Gwen that the Everspell was in her.  
 Soon she discovered she was nearly at the crest of the hill behind the house.  A giant oak tree stood at the top like a watchtower to the timber below.  The light had faded giving to the darkness.  Lyssa stood under the tree and looked at the darkened timber.  It was beautiful and dangerous looking at the same time. 
 Then from the pit of her stomach she felt something.  A warning. Lyssa stood straight up.  Something was watching her from out in the blackness eyes were on her.  Her skin prickled and she felt paralyzed to movement.
Suddenly, something cinched down her arms to her waist like someone had lassoed her.  It was quickly followed by a laugh, a womans laugh.
Got you!  Lyssa heard from behind her right before being knocked to her feet and drug backwards on the ground.
Lyssa struggled and managed to turn her head up to catch a glimpse of a smiling girl with blonde hair and eyes twinkling with a mad delight.
It was Cinnia.  She had come back for her.  She held her close and whispered something in her ear that she couldnt understand.  Lyssa felt strange and tried to move, but CInnia more than likely put a spell on her.
Cinnia extended her gloved hand cradling a glowing ball in it.  Lyssas body was pressed against her and she could feel the vibrating of her voice as she threw the ball in the air with a thousand sparks.
A growl erupted beside them as they moved closer to the blinding light.  Lyssa fell to the ground as Cinnia was jerked away.  Lyssa could hear the mumbled screams, grows and the metallic smell of blood.
Lyssa!  Gwen was followed by Sean, Deravon and Zoey.
Lyssa moved her stiff arms trying to reach them as they ran towards her with glowing balls in hand.  They threw them over her head at whatever was behind her.  The air sizzled and sparked as they passed hitting the ground with an explosion. 
Gwen grabbed hold of her as Zoey with a flip of her wrist expelled a slender blade waving it through the air at a tall darkened figure.  With a burst of light Zoey was suddenly thrown backwards through the air.  Lyssa screamed as Gwen tried to drag her back to the house.  Deravon and Sean was no match to the towering figure that seemed to come straight towards Lyssa.
Run Lyssa!  Go to the spell room and have the keeper keep you safe there.  Gwen flicked her hand and expelled the same blade as Zoey did.
Lyssa stood frozen in the surreal surroundings.  She knew she should run, but felt compelled to stay. Zoey laid crumpled on the ground while Deravon stood close to her trying to bring the dark figure that towered over them.
The tall figure slashed at Gwen throwing her through the air.  Lyssa stood mesmerized by the creature.  Everything grew in silence.  She looked at Sean, Gwen, Deravon and Zoey who laid motionless on the ground.  She wanted to run, she wanted to fight, and she wanted this to end.
A burning sensation filled her right hand like she had clenched a lit candle trying to put it out.  The figure slowly moved towards her like it was liquid.  Lyssa stood her ground and raised her hand that glowed so bright she thought she could see the bones in her fingers.
The figure laughed in more than one voice and like a spring its arm snapped up and grabbed her wrist jerking her closer to him.
Stupid Fae girl.  I dont have time for games.
No!  Gwen suddenly got up and ran towards the creature that extended his arm releasing a sharp blade that sunk into Gwen.
Gwen!  Lyssa screamed trying to loosen the grip he had on her.  Gwen!  No!  
Gwen sat on the ground with her knees bent under her and her eyes focused on Lyssa with her hand extended.  Lyssa struggled to free herself only to be practically squeezed so tight she couldnt breathe.
Light filled around her as the image of Gwen and the others were swallowed by a white light.  Lyssa felt herself turning in what seemed like circles until she was released and thrown to the ground.
She huddled on the cold floor trying to catch her breath in the darkness.  She pushed herself up with shaking arms and tried to stop her head from spinning.
Feisty little thing isnt she?  A voice hissed behind her.
Yes, brother she is.  Like a scared cat.  Another voice answered.
Be quiet both of you!  We dont have time for any of this.
Lyssa sat with bent knees trying to get up and instead did a crab walk on her hands and feet trying to scramble away from the voice.  She ran into something hard making it shake and causing something glass to fall off and crash beside her.
Clumsy too,a voice said as a light flicked on.
The looming figure stood beside a tall lamp and gazed at Lyssa.  Lyssa didnt move but only looked around the room.  The figure stepped closer to her and then stopped in front of her.  He bent down gazing at her from the blackness of its covered face.  Lyssa wanted every trembling muscle in her body to coordinate into the fastest run shed ever gone.  But, she couldnt as either fear or a spell had her entrap and scared.
The dark figure flipped back its hood so fast, Lyssa didnt even see his hand push it back.  The face smiled back at her. It was a man with greying dark eyebrows that looked like two caterpillars.  His cheeks were full when he smiled and his chin square.  He didnt look frightening at all and almost reminded Lyssa of the principal at school only this man was stouter in size.  The only thing different about him was his eyes.  One was blue and the other green.
Dont be frightened girl.  His voice was thick and soft like melting butter on toast.
Let me see her!  Suddenly a voice demanded and the mans head turned quickly to the right like someone was trying to twist it off.
The face was squished like invisible hands were pressing on either side.  His eyes were two black holes that stared back at her.  Lyssa gasped and the faces lips curled into what it could to smile.
Me too!  Another voice said and the head turned to the left showing an identical face.
The mans head then turned center smiling at her as he extended his hand and like a gentleman helped Lyssa up.  She stood amazed looking up at the man.
I am really sorry you had to see that first thing, and not even being properly introduced.  His voice was sharp as if trying to scold the other two faces.  My name is Orzan and
Youre the Muse brothers or one of them.  Lyssa was speaking her thoughts remembering what Gwen had told her about Orzan.  Orzan tilted his head smiling. 
 This was the man that killed her mother and took her father.  She wanted to punch him and even eyeballed a letter opener on the table beside her.  She knew it wouldnt be of any use, he would over power her.  She had to be cunning instead.
  My reputation precedes me then.  Good then, but dont listen to the rumors.  As rumors usually end up being lies.  Orzan put his hood up covering the other two faces that were silenced.
Im sure I have already been labeled the bad Fae here, but I am not anything close to being bad.  You see out that window there.
Lyssa looked out the window.  Tall buildings illuminated the dark sky in the distance.  They sat in a cluster like carved icicles hanging from an eave on a house.  They were all silver and shiny like diamonds.  Their sharp edges of the roofs looked like knives that could slice the night sky releasing all the stars from the heavens to pour out like blood.  They were beautiful, like something from a snow globe except they had a dark overpowering feel that made Lyssa shiver.
This Lyssa is Avalon and this city I love very much, like a child to their father.  Lyssa looked up at him, but he never let his eyes off the cityscape.  I have nurtured this city from its infancy and unfortunately it has a blight on it.  Orzans stepped away with his back to Lyssa.
Avalonlike King Arthur.  Lyssa thought out loud.
Not exactly.  Orzan laughed with amusement.  Though, from time to time our world and the Etherworld do intertwine.  Kind of like a vine on a trellis.  
Lyssa thought she could try to run, but where would she go.  She estimated that she was at least two or three stories up in Orzans house and who know how much security he had.  Orzan turned on a light and shuffled papers on his desk trying to find something.
I knew your mother Lyssa.  His voice stuck a cord in her.  She didnt expect him to say that.  She stood speechless.  I loved her very much and I want you to know that.
You killed her.  Lyssa simply stated looking into Orzans smiling blue and green eye.
I am sure I automatically got the blame for that.  Let me show you something.  Orzan went over to one of the many shelves that lined the dimly lit room and pulled a simple wood box down.  He gently ran his hand over the top removing the collection of dust that coated its top.  I dont clean much at least not on the top shelves.
Lyssa really didnt know what to make of Orzan.  He didnt appear the villain she thought he would be.  He seemed all too normal, except for the other two faces on each side of his head.  Lyssa watched him open it slowly and took a step back just in case he threw something at her.  She looked at the letter opener again and then at Orzan who only smiled at her.
I believe you have the other half.  Dangling from Orzans finger was a silver necklace with a round jagged edge pendant.  Lyssa gasped lifting the other half that hung around her neck.
It was your mothers when she was at one of my facilities.  Orzan extended it towards Lyssa.
She looked at hers with the engraved word hope.  She could feel her skin prickle as Orzan smiled back at her.
Im not going to hurt you Lyssa.  Ive been trying to get you here to tell you the truth.  I have been searching for a long time and there is much I wish to tell you.
Cautiously, Lyssa stepped closer and took the pendant and clenched it in her hand.  It was cool to her touch and its sharp edges pricked her skin.  She looked at Orzan who patiently waited for her to look at it.  Slowly, she opened her hand and gazed down at it.  Engraved was the word Muse.
She broke it when she got mad at me.  She was at the place I call Muse Hope.  Orzan pulled out a chair that had a high cushioned back and sat down.  You see when I say she was at one of my facilities, I mean she had a problem.  She was addicted to opium and in my attempts to clean up Fae society, I established many facilities to harbor and correct these plagues that have inflicted our growth.  I met Kearlyn on one of my visits and slowly our relationship grew into something more.  We fell in love and then she became pregnant.
Lyssa felt her head spin and bile rise in her throat.  What is he getting at she wondered as her eyes stayed focus on the pendant that she thought only said Hope.
I offered marriage to Kearlyn and she denied me.  His voice for the first time had a light constriction to it.  I know she was scared and young and maybe overwhelmed, but you Lyssa are my main focus now as any parent would do anything for their child.  Orzan smiled with a slight venom to it.
What do you mean?  I was told you killed my mother in a fire and kidnapped my father.  I just want him back.  Lyssa looked around the room.  She wanted to run and run away fast.
You were told this and you were told that.  Anyone can make a story up to suit them.  What was your mother going to do?  What would she say to Gwen and Sean and that Etherling she fell in love with?  That the child she had was not his and belonged to another.  Orzan stood up and held Lyssa on each of her arms as if he knew she wanted to run and he wouldnt even let her get the chance.  Look at your palm.  He flipped it over.  Her mark glowed brilliantly like it was perfectly tattooed on her.  You dont get a mark from only being half Fae, daughter.
Toby
I think I am going to puke!  Craig said between the jarring bounces of the creatures steady run.
You believe me now?  Craig only answered with a moan. 
If I didnt this would be one hell of a nightmare.  
The creature had run for what seemed like hours.  He wondered where it was taking them.  Maybe it belonged to Gwen and Seana watchdog of some sort.  In the darkness he couldnt make anything out except that they were in a heavily wooded area and could be anywhere.  
The creature then stopped.  Toby shot Craig a glance in the darkness.  The creature didnt let them go and breathed heavily trying to catch its breath.  He then let out a noise that sounded like he was saying a single word that was followed by a flash of light.  Toby could hear Craig scream as the wind rushed around them in a blinding light.  Toby could do nothing but hang on and close his eyes hoping it would be over soon.
The pulsating light was replaced by a still darkness.  A calm surrounded them, but not for long.  The creature let go and suddenly Toby hit the hard ground and began to roll down a steep incline.  He tried to grasp hold of the tuffs of grass and even thorny twigs that littered the rocky ground to stop.  It was no use.  Toby could hear Craig scream through each rolling tumble.  Frantically, he tried to hang on to each passing object only to have it slip through his hands or unearth itself from his weight.
Suddenly the ground gave way and he was falling through the air.  Toby could see the sharp edge of the cliff framed in a starry night sky fade from sight.  He yelled out just as something hard smacked against him.
Water filled his nose and mouth his flesh stung with a thousand pins as the air was knocked from his lungs.  Coldness filled in as he sank deeper into the black watery abyss.  He tried to swim upward hoping to reach the surface.  Then, something slender wrapped under his arm and began to pull him through the water.  Toby gasped in the cool air as soon as they broke the surface.
Whoever or whatever had him, began to tow him through the water. The water became shallow until the coarse sand rubbed against his back.  They stopped and the saving arms released their grip.  He caught his breath letting the small waves brush past the side of his face and then turned his head to see who had saved him.  In the darkness was a faint outline of what looked like a rounded head with long hair that was small in size.  Good, at least so far it was friendly and close to being human.
Let me see, a female voice said at his feet.
Suddenly, a light illuminated them.  The light pierced his vision and he tried to keep his eyes open.  Between forced blinks, Toby could see two figures loomed over him. He put up his hand trying to block some of the light so he could see who was there.
Its a boy!  The voice exclaimed.  Do you think we can keep him?  
If we do well have to hide him.  You know what mother would say, a second voice said.
True, the first voice replied.
Who are you?  Toby demanded propping himself up.
The two figures jumped back and huddled together.  The light dimmed illuminating them.  They were two girls, one with dark blonde hair and the other with slightly reddish blonde hair.  They appeared to be human, until Toby looked at the hand of the reddish haired girl.  She held a small ball of glowing light cradled in a human looking hand except thin webs connected her delicate fingers and where their legs should have been, a brightly scaled fish tale took their place. Their shocked faces softened into a smile.
Mermaids, Toby barely whispered.
Both girls let out a giggle.  
Did you just call us mermaids?  The blonde hair girl asked.  Youre not from around here are you?
Toby let his gaze switch between them.  Yes and No.  He finally answered.
Where are you from?  No one travels in these parts very much and certainly not on the White Cliffs.  The red haired girl asked shoving the ball of light in his face.
I dont think he is an intruder, just flow with the tide and calm down Watchgirl.  The blonde hair girl gently lowered the other girls arm and then smiled at Toby.
My name is Nessa and this is Jules.  She motioned with her webbed hand.
What are you doing?  We do have duties to do, Jules scolded as she glanced back at Toby.  What if hes dangerous? And not just some lost boy?  She looked down and shook her head.  What then, I dont want to explain to Mother.
Dont listen to her.  Nessa flicked water at Jules.  Now why dont you tell me your name for starters?
His name is none of your business, a deep voice said behind Toby.
Toby twisted around and tried to jump up, but his bruised legs only became entangled in one another.  He fell back into the cool water with Jules and Nessa giggling at him.  Two strong hands then lifted him from the water and to the shore in one graceful and quick movement.  There were two guys who grabbed hold of him one on each side.
We found him though.  Nessa protested to the giant man who stood with his back to Toby.
And thank you for doing so or I would have had to swim after him.  The giant man replied.
The girls both looked back at Toby with sad eyes.  They looked like two kids giving up a lost dog theyd found, fell in love with and then had to return to the owner.  Then Nessa leaned forward slightly looking at the guy to Tobys right.
Toby followed the gaze to the blonde hair boy with slightly angled features.  He smiled back at the girls and gave a small nod and wave.
Wes!  Nessa exclaimed and smiled back.  I havent seen you in a while.
All eyes were on Wes.  He looked at the large man in front of them who crossed his arms.  Toby could tell that Wes had to answer to this man and he did with only a shrug of his shoulders.
Even Merfolk?  The man to the left of Toby said.
Toby looked back at the smiling girls.
I like to keep my alliesallies.  What can I say?  Im just a likable Fae, Wes replied stepping closer to the girls who hardly blinked gazing up at him.
Come on Wes.  Say goodbye to your sweethearts!  The giants voice boomed as he moved closer to Toby.
You were lucky we got here in time or you wouldve been their pet, the giant man said as he passed by Toby.
The man to Tobys left, gently tugged on his arm and they began to walk towards the thick timber.  Wes had called himself a Fae. He had to be in the Fae world then. 
 Where are we going and who are you?  Toby no sooner finished his question when something swooped from above and curled around his waist.
Toby felt the ground leave his feet and then found himself in a nest of tall brush.  He tried to move, but the vine curled more of its tentacle around him like a snake.  He yelled out and pulled franticly at the constricting vine.  A hiss came from beside him.  Toby turned his head and could see two red glowing eyes peering back at him.
He couldnt yell anymore and much less breathe as the vine curled around him.
Back!  The giant mans voice commanded as he pulled at the vine with his massive bare hands tearing apart the plant in pieces.
Toby squirmed until he was free and jumped up to be securely grabbed by the Wes and the other Fae.
You have to be quiet Etherling until we are though these parts.  I can assure you there are worse things out here.  The giant man warned in a low voice.
I have a friend with me and he may be lost, Toby said in whisper.
We found him already and he is with Zoey.  He replied before turning into the dark timber.

Chapter Eleven
Eli

Elijah, Wes and Merlin stood by the door dressed in in slightly tattered glamour suits.  Eli could only guess they were stolen and Zoey was probably the one that got them.  He shook his head and hoped to interrogate her when she got here.  
Be careful, Lizzi whispered in front of Wes who looked like he could explode with his inflated ego.
Dont worry I will, He replied softly before Lizzi gave him a quick hug and then walked away into the darkness.
You know you should let me go, Eli said crossing his arms.
The three of them glanced up at him.  Their amused looks answered his question without any words.
I am a trained sentry for goodness sake!  His eyes darted between Merlin and Elijah.  I used to guard the Borderlands and fought many a foe.  Eli added to his verbal resume.  And for your information  Eli pointed his finger at Wes.  This isnt a job for children.
Eli could see Wess face flush as he put on a matching cape to his glamour suit, Eli didnt remember capes being added to the protective ensemble.
And youre this famous sentry who lost his men near Brota.  Wess word stung him like a thousand pricks of a dagger. 
That was an ambushit couldnt have been helped.  Wes only gave him a smug look.  
Zoey must have told them about when his platoon became lost under his leadership.  It was his first and last mission as lead sentry.  Hed lost nearly half of his Faes when they accidentally wandered into Drake territory. 
 Eli turned away; he wasnt going to speak about it and kept a stone appearance as Wes only continued to smile.  Eli clenched his fist secretly and would hold that punch until the time was right.
Enough about things that do not matter right now.  Merlin scolded Wes and then looked at Eli with the same stern eyes.  We have current pressing matters to handle right now.  Eli you will stay here and help Lizzi prepare for our return, and Im leaving you in charge of the Rebels.
Eli looked into Merlins eyes letting his stare protest without words.  Merlin held his ground unmoved by Elis stance.  Eli knew someone had to stay behind to secure the compound, but thought Elijah who just his sheer size made him an easy target or Wes the young, arrogant and surely inexperienced Fae would have been better.  
Very well then.  We will return in an hour and if we dont send Bernadette and Jasper from the kitchen to come after us, Merlin said as Elijah and Wes went out the door and into the blackness.
Send the kitchen help?  Eli couldnt believe his ears.
They are not just kitchen help.  Merlin let out a sigh.  Look, we here dont have titles or levels of authority.  We go by who can do what.  Some are good at many things and some at only one thing.  We use everyones expertise for our survival and work together.
Merlin gave Eli a pat on the shoulder before being swallowed too by the darkness.
Eli went back into the empty dining hall.  He pulled a chair closer to the fire and grabbed the fire poker which sat beside the open mouth of the dragons head.  The embers glowed orange and a few pieces of charred wood fell into ashes.  The fire was warm and comforting, but couldnt comfort what he felt inside.
Now you would be brave if that was a real dragon.  It looks like your brushing its teeth, Lizzi said smiling at him as she leaned against the wall nearly shrouded in shadow.
Eli looked up and then put the fire poker back.  I suppose youre right and probably make the Fae Times as well.
Now theres something I havent seen in a long time, Lizzi said pulling a chair next to Eli. 
To tell you the truth, I havent either.  Eli stared into the fire.
I used to read the lifestyle section, especially the fashion page.  I liked to look at all the collections and see what was trending.  I am a huge fan of Vine and everything he does.  His craft is in the details and I also like the materials he uses.  They are always soft and flowing like every piece tells a story.
Eli cleared his throat.  He really didnt care about fashion and found it a waste of time to talk about it, but what else was he going to do.
Im sorry, I am boring you, Lizzi said with a sigh as she also stared into the fire.
Eli looked over at her.  She was young and not what he thought a Rebel should be.  
No, youre not boring me, Eli said as Lizzi turned her head and met his eyes.
No, I am boring you.  She stated.  Come on I want to show you something.

Lizzi tugged on Elis hand as they went down a long hallway from the dining hall. Lizzi held in her hand an Orillion that lit up the grey stone walls and dirt floor.  They then reached a door that she pushed on with her hip.  It took several shoves and then the heavy door opened to another hallway or what was left of one.
This is the north wing and as you can see we havent finished it yet.  Lizzi pulled Eli through the crumbled walls and past the once magnificent arched windows that only their frames remained.
The air was cool and the moon hung in the sky overlooking them.  
Where are we exactly going?  Eli asked.
Over there.  Lizzi pointed with her Orillion to a small building.
Lizzi easily opened the door that barely hung on its hinges.  The room was merely stone walls with small trees and brush growing on its floors.  It was a ground level floor and Eli could only guess for its purpose.
This used to be one of the rooms on the north wing.  I think it was a drying room for herbs and their preparation or thats what Zoey said.  That is why she thought it would be the perfect place.  Only Wes, Elijah and I and well now you, know about this.
Before Eli could ask anything, Lizzi handed him the Orillion and pushed a large flat rock to reveal an opening in the ground.
Not another hole, Eli said as Lizzi looked up at him and smiled.
This one is much better, I promise.  Lizzi said as she slipped into the dark opening.  Throw me the Orillion.  Her voice echoed.
Eli glanced down and then let the ball roll from his hand.  Lizzi caught it and held it up over her head.
Hurry, she said as Eli a little more cautious than Lizzi, slipped down the hole.
Eli landed on his feet and onto a smooth rock slab.  Lizzi then gave him back the Orillion and went over to the wall where a giant wheel was bolted into the rock.  She turned it and he could see overhead the rock slowly cover the entrance by a line of pulleys and cables.  
You have quit the elaborate system.  Eli commented in the cool light of the Orillion.
Zoeys idea.  She replied leading the way into the darkness.
The dirt tunnel was small and a tight fit to pass through for Eli who had dangling roots brush across his face as Lizzi led him through the fairly straight passage.  Only the floor was paved with flat stones.  The tunnel thankfully wasnt too long and soon gave way to a larger room with a tall ceiling that opened slightly to the sky above.  
Eli stood up straight and breathed in the damp air.  Even though they were underground by only a few feet, Eli was surprised at the freshness of the air.  A slight breeze came from the tunnel and pushed its way through the circular room and out the cone like opening at the top.
Zoey is still working on this room and with everything that is going on it has come to a stop.  Lizzi walked around with the Orillion in front of her.  It has to be here somewhere.
What are you looking for?  Eli asked looking at all of the wood crates neatly placed on shelves that hung on the rock walls.  
Eli remembered Zoey telling him about her collection of artifacts.  She never turned them in to the Fae Museum because of its association with the Muses.  She always promised to show it to him though. 
Here it is.  Lizzi pulled down a simple clay bowl that was large in size and not very deep.  The Scrying Bowl of Nezerith. 
Lizzi placed the bowl on the ground in the center of the room.  She then held the Orillion over it and looked at Eli.
Eli on gave her a baffled look between her and then at the bowl.  He had never heard of a Scrying Bowl of Nezerith and if it was a bowl to see the future, it looked like a salad should be served from it instead.
You look into it.  Lizzi instructed.
Eli hesitantly stepped closer and peered at like he was trying to look down some animal hole to hopefully only see a rabbit.
No, bend down and put your face up to it and then gently blow into it.  Eli gave her a confused look.  Do it, really, it will show you where Zoey is.
Why me?  Eli asked wondering if she was up to something.
Because Zoey cares for you-a lot and that is how the bowl works best, Lizzi said pointing at the bowl with the Orillion.  We dont have much time Eli.
Eli bent down looking into the rough texture of the basin.  There was nothing ornate about it and was truly simple in design.  He then gave it a small blow that lifted tiny dust particles into the air.  It got into Elis eyes and began to sting them.  Before he could scold Lizzi, a vision began to form before him.
It was a battle or actually more of a fight with Drakes.  Deravon, Zoey and the man Eli had seen at the Etherling Lyssas house were all swinging palm scepters at the large Drake.  Then the scene shifted to a dense forest.  He could feel his body ache suddenly as white cliffs came into his view.  He saw Zoey covered in blood followed by Deravon and two other figures.  He felt his heart skip a beat as anxiety filled him.  Zoey was hurt and hurt badly.  The vision faded as quickly as it came.
They are at the White Cliffs of Merk, Eli said looking up at Lizzi who smiled back at him.
Then you have better get going.

Lizzi stayed behind giving Eli two palm scepters he hoped he still had the ability to use after so many years.  Either by adrenaline or his concern for Zoey, Eli moved quickly and with great agility over the terrain.  All he could think about was if Zoey would still be alive when he got there.  To his own surprise he moved even quicker.
As if a map had been burned into his head, he seemed to know right where to go without any hesitation.  Through the trees he could see the moons reflection on the silver-white cliffs that looked like the ground had opened its mouth and the jagged cliffs where its teeth.  Eli had made it in remarkable time, but the forest was large surrounding it and Zoey could be anywhere.
Eli stood for a moment with his heart still racing when he heard a loud yell followed by a splash.  Eli ran up to the edge of the cliff and could see two figures swimming towards a third.  Someone had fallen in.  He scrabbled down a tricky slope to see who it was.
With the cliffs towering all around him, Eli cautiously walked closer with the sandy shore beneath his feet.  He could see a large figure and three in the water.  Eli stayed hidden behind a thick layer of scrub bushes when suddenly something metallic embedded into his back.
Couldnt stay away or did Lizzi put you up to this?  Sometimes I think she thinks she runs the whole damn place, Wes said with a cocky smile on his face.  Surprise, he said when Eli turned around.
Zoey is hurt Wes, we have to find her.  Elis only concern was Zoey. 
How do you know?  Wes asked.
The Bowl of Nezerith.  Lizzi showed me the relics roomI used it to scry.  
Wes shook his head and let out a groan.  Theres nothing secret with her.  
Zoey is hurt, but she is still alive.  Wes finally said in a reassuring tone.  She and two other Faes along with another Etherling are with Merlin.  He made a portal to take them back.  We went after the other one that your Mog accidentally dropped off the cliffs.  Wes put away his scepter and half smiled at Eli.  And Merlin isnt too happy with the care you have given it.
Wes walked past Eli leaving him standing there relieved to hear Zoey was alright.  Any punishment he received for the neglect of the Mogs didnt matter.  He was relieved that Zoey was alive.
 Eli, make yourself useful and hang on to him, Elijah said looking over his shoulder at him.
Eli walked up beside a young boy about the same age as Wes.  Eli looked at the boy who stood dazed as Wes flirted with the two Merfolk girls that evidently saved the Etherling.  
Quickly, into the forest, there are two Drakes in the area and I dont want to meet up with them, Elijah said walking in front of them.
They walked as quietly as possible into the timber as to not awaken anything.  Eli knew that this was the wild and not one of the tame forests that surround Avalonanything can live out here.  He tightened his grip on the Etherling feeling his body tremble with either fear or coldness.
Where are we going and who are you?  The boy suddenly stopped trying to loosen his arms from their hold.
You must be  Eli tried to warn the Etherling but was quickly snatched up by the vine of a Landmerrow.
Eli expelled his scepter before Wes at his own surprise and between slashes gave Wes a small triumphant smile. The Landmerrow let out painful cries and screams with each slice Eli made. He jumped from swinging limb to swinging limb escaping the flaying tentacles.  He felt like a hero not stopping until the creature was in pieces.
Wes was beside him, face red and vines slowly curling around his ankles.  Eli stabbed at the worm like vine causing it to quiver and loosen its grip around Wes before he made the final chop severing it from the main body.  Eli only had enough time to meet Wess scared eyes that quickly turned to embarrassment mixed with jealousy.  Eli smiled to himself.
 Eli then continued his spectacle by twirling his blade around him, more for show than technique, and cut at the creature before Elijah pushed him back tearing at the constricting vines.  He grasped the Etherling and warned him to stay quiet.
The Etherling was placed between Wes and Eli again, this time shaking and gasping for air. 
Next time let me handle the creature.  You were just making salad out of it.  Elijah scolded at Eli in a harsh whisper before turning into the darkness.
Good job brave sentry or should I say chef.  Wes made his jabbing remark as he pulled the shaking Etherling forward.
Eli stood for a moment only to look at the already decaying creature.  He probably was making salad out of the creature, but he didnt care.  Eli would have slayed the Landmerrow given enough time, besides the look on Wess face was worth it. 
Lyssa

Lyssa stood frozen.  Her father was her father not some monster.  She looked at Orzan.  His eyes were steadily on her and filled with an empathetic compassion.  Finally, she pulled her eyes away and stared blankly out the window at the glass like city of Avalon.
I know this comes as a shock to you, but Lyssa you must understand that I want you here with me.  I want you to know the truth.  He stepped closer and hesitantly touched her shoulder.
His touch was mechanical and had no feeling to it like hed never displayed emotions very much and uncertain on how to comfort someone.
How do I know it is the truth?  Like you said, people tell you this and that to suit them.  How do I know youre not lying?  Lyssa pulled her shoulder back letting his hand fall to his side.
I dont expect you to believe me on just my word.  You are important to me and the time has come for you to know your destiny, Orzan said with a smile as a knock came to the door.  And it seems to be knocking on the door.
He glided past Lyssa who turned towards the heavy looking wood door wondering what was going to happen.  This time she picked up the letter opener and clutched it in her hand.  
Perfect timing Izett.  Orzan stepped aside to let in a tall, nearly albino looking woman in.
Her cool light blue eyes gazed over Lyssa.  She nodded her head as Orzan said something to her.
Lyssa this is Izett and she will tend to anything you want and I am sure you are exhausted and need freshening up.  I have provided you a room of your own with any amenity you might need.
Lyssa looked at Izett who stood with hands together and head tilted downward towards the floor.  
How about the way to the front door?  Lyssa asked as Orzan only let out a robust laugh.
Please, Lyssa, give me a chance.  That is all I ask and I will answer all of your questions after dinner tonight. 
Lyssa wasnt going to argue with him.  She would have to find another way to escape and find her father.
Izett quietly led Lyssa down the hallway to a room at the very end.  Inside was like walking into an old jewelry box.  A large bed with fluffy white bedding graced the center of the grey stoned floored room that had magnificent windows showing the view of Avalon.  Wood intergraded with cut glass was everywhere from the bed posts to the dresser across from it.  Lyssa couldnt say that it wasnt beautiful.
There are clothes in the closet.  Her soft voice broke the silence.
Lyssa turned to her.  She was pale like a white flower drenched in moonlight.  Her color looked like it had been drained.  What little remained had an icy glaze over it.  
Thank you.  Lyssa said as she pulled the door shut behind her.
Quickly, Lyssa went over to the window and looked down at the blackness below her.  She was several stories up and couldnt see the ground very well.  The door was no use eitherlocked.  Looking back at the window, Lyssa went over and with a click of the latch it opened to the stillness of outside.
She found a shoe in the closet.  It was a high heel red shoe in a satin like material.  Lyssa hated high heels anyway and had no trouble dropping it from the window and waiting for it to hit bottom.  Quickly it landed with a flop followed by a splash. Probably rocks and waterLyssa hoped the sheets were long enough.
She knotted together all the satin sheets and thin blanket under the puffy comforter and even found a long robe to tie into her ladder.  
She tied it to the bedpost and then with one final tug testing her ladders durability, she flung it over the ledge, climbed up to the window sill and began to slowly move down the building.  She approximated that she was probably half way down and still had some rope left when suddenly she felt one of the knots slip from above.  It dropped her a couple of feet down then caught the knot again.  She let out a sigh of relief and slowly proceeded when the precarious knot slipped.
The stone building luckily had deep cracks in it where the stones joined together.  Lyssa managed to find a spot where she could tuck in the tips of her toes and fingers.  The sheet ladder fell to the blackness like a silver streamer.  With a deep breath Lyssa tried to find another ledge she could tuck her right foot into.  She found one and then moved her left hand to find another crack.  She did this a few times until she found a vine growing up the building.
Slowly, she grasped onto it hoping it could support her weight when suddenly her hands began to burn.  The air started to smell of burnt rubber all around as she tried to find a crack in the wall again, but it was no use her hands were numb and wet with something.  Lyssa lost her grip and began to fall through the cool air.
She couldnt hear herself scream as the air rushed around her.  She stretched her arms out trying to grasp onto something only nothing was there but the cool air.  Lyssa then closer her eyes, thought of her father, Toby and Zoey and waited for the watery and rocky impact.  But instead of rocks and water breaking her fall, something caught her like a spring.  Instead of freefalling through the darkness, Lyssa felt herself hover followed by a forward motion past the skeleton like tree limbs that covered the star lit sky.
The lights of Avalon streamed into one flickering line.  She opened and closed her eyes; her body was numb and relaxed to the point she felt nothing, but only heard a whooshing sound in her ears like wingsangel wings.
Lyssa woke to see a gray sky that opened up past a darkened frame of jagged edges.  Her body wasnt numb, but ached all over to the point she felt like crying.  Instead, she pushed herself up to see she was surrounded by jagged rocks of black and dark greys.  The air was cool and a small fire was slowly burning beside her.  Looking around, she realized she was in a cave.
A long thick coat covered her that she pushed aside and tried to get up, but the pain overtook her.  She let out a whence as she sat back down.  
Dont get up.  I dont know how Sleather Vine poison works on Fae.  A tall shadowy figure suddenly stood at the mouth of the cave and came towards her.  Here drink this.
Lyssa didnt have a choice as a large hand cradled the back of her head and liquid was forced down her throat.  She drank the sweet liquid until it was all gone.
Who are you?  She asked not staying awake long enough to hear a reply.
Something wet rubbed across Lyssa cheek.  It did it again and again several times until she managed to open her eyes to a bright light.  This time softness surrounded her and warmth rather than the hardness of rocks.
Lyssa focused her eyes to see what she thought looked like a dog in front of her.  Its large eyes were round and its face encircled with a soft mane of black fur.  Its nose was stubbed and flat and almost reminded Lyssa of a lion.  
Her body didnt ache anymore, but she felt weak and slowly flipped her legs over the side of the bed.  Lyssa looked around at the red walls that looked like stone.  As she studied the room, she realized it was rounded and looked like it had been hand carved out of stone.  A small window let in a single stream of light.  The room was simple with only a nightstand and a rug of many colors on the floor.  
The dog-lion creature gave a small yelp that sounded more like an alert to whoever was outside the door.
Lyssa heard footsteps come closer to the door as it slowly opened.  Smiling at her was a woman with dark straight hair and tanned skin.  She was dressed in long pants and boots that went past her knee and a tunic like shirt with a soft looking shirt under it that covered her arms.
My name is Elsa and you are safe here.  How are you feeling?  She asked looking at Lyssa hands that were bound in white blood soaked bandages.
Fine, Lyssa numbly replied.
Well, I dont believe that.  You need to rest as you had a pretty good dose of Sleather Vine poison, Elsa said smiling as wrinkles formed around her gentle eyes.
Where am I anyhow?  I have to find Zoey and my father.  Lyssa protested as the woman smiled at her.
Gently she covered Lyssa back up and stroked her hair back just as Zoey would have.
I will tell you are in Iethia and my son found you.  Lyssa wanted to ask more questions but sleep took over her.
Lyssa woke to the sound of hushed voices discussing something in a quick manner that sounded like they should have been yelling.  The dog creature was on the floor curled into a ball sleeping.  Lyssa carefully tiptoed towards the door.
I cant follow the orders.  I just cant do it, a male voice, soft and strong said followed by silence.
No one has to know, It was Elsa who replied back.
Suddenly, from behind Lyssa came a loud bark.  She turned to see the furry creature looking up at her with its large eyes.  Lyssa couldnt help but to smile down at it before the door swung open.
Lyssa startled stepped back wrapping her arms around her chest.
Im sorryI didnt mean to  Lyssa peered at the boy in front of her.
His blue grey eyes stared steadily at her and even when she looked away for only a moment she could still feel their embrace on her.  His tall, broad stature looked like he could have bent steel with his bare hands and by the way he gazed at Lyssa, maybe even with his eyes.  The only thing that looked gentle enough to touch was his slightly wavy hair as black as a winter night sky that curved around his sharp angled face.  
Eavesdrop?  He implied.
I am sorry Lyssa.  My son here needs to show a few manners.  Elsa skidded past the boy who looked at Lyssa one last time over his broad shoulder before leaving the room.
 Feeling better?  You look better, Elsa said opening a wood wardrobe that nearly went all the way to the ceiling.  Here I hope these fit you.
Elsa handed Lyssa a pair of wool like pants charcoal in color and a silky black tunic shirt with a belt hanging from its loops.
Change into those and come out the door when you are done, Elsa said with a smile as the door clicked shut behind her.
Lyssa changed and looked down at her still bound hands.  Slowly she removed the bandages to see tiny white dots barely noticeable unless you looked for them.  Her mark still flickered back at her unbothered by the poisonous vine she had clutched onto.
Oh, good the clothes fit.  Im glad because I am no seamstress, Elsa said pouring steaming water out of a copper kettle into three black handless cups.
Lyssa looked at the curving red-orange colored walls that seemed to look like the whole house was carved out rock.  A table sat in the middle of the room with an arched fireplace off to the side.  A large door and two windows with distorted looking glass let in diffused light from the bright outside.  The boy that was Elsas son was gone.
Come and eat.  Elsas voice was welcoming.
Thank you for everything, but I really need to go and find my family, Lyssa said as Elsa placed a bowl of what looked like oatmeal in front of her.
 Not alone with the Everspell in you and the Muses who are feverously after you, Elsa said without even looking at Lyssa.
How Lyssa sat with gaping mouth.  How do you know that?
I am a Seeress and I saw you coming and I know who you are Lyssa Cleverthorn of Briarwood from the Etherworld.
Toby

Toby remained quiet the rest of the way through the woods.  The last thing he wanted was to be strangled by some plant or whatever it was again. He could hardly believe any of this had happened and the events kept running through his head until he made himself believe it.
Wait, we are getting close we should blindfold him, the other Fae said.
Seriously, Wes said pulling Toby forward.  I dont think an Etherling will be our downfall.
No, Eli is right.  We need to take every precaution even though this one looks too scared to remember where he has been.  The giant Fae chuckled as he whipped out a thin piece of cloth.
Toby didnt say anything and went blindly through the forest.  With his sight gone he tuned in his ears to the surroundings.  Their footsteps were light and almost in unison except for the giant.  A slight breeze blew around them making the needles in the trees whistle a lonely tune and cawing sounds like blackbirds broke the silence making Toby twitch in surprise.
The mellow smell of the woods was replaced with fresher air and the soft ground was replaced by a hard pathway.  The smell of bread baking first greeted him before his blindfold was removed.
Welcome to the Rebels Compound.  The giant Fae smiled as he stuffed the blindfold back into his pocket.  
Is Lyssa here?  Toby asked.  And Craighe was the one with me.
There will be time for questions later, the giant said.  Take him to the guest quarters Wes.
What am I a servant now?  Wes mumbled with a stern glance from the giant.
Wes took Toby from what he thought looked like a large dining room with many rectangular tables and a fireplace in the shape of an open mouth dragon.  Toby looked at it for a moment before being led down a long hallway.  
The cool stone wall echoed voices from adjoining hallways.  A few Faes passed by.  They were all about Tobys age and didnt seem concerned about who he was as he couldnt help but to look at each one as they went by.  They looked human except for their more angled features and eyes of such brilliant colors like precious stones.
So, you know Lyssa?  Wes suddenly asked.
Yes, is she here?  Can I see her if she is?
No she isnt here at least I dont think so.  You got here the same time I did and she wasnt here when I left, Wes said stopping by a thick looking wooden door.
Here you go. No need to tip.  Wes pushed Toby through the doorway and slammed the door behind him.
Toby.  Craig anxiously said his name.  What is going on?  Did they tell you anything because they never said anything to me?  Craig turned from Toby before he could answer.  This is really crazy.  I mean, what will happen when we dont go home or return to school.  Your mom will be so freaked out.
They have ways to fix that.  Craig shot Toby a confused look.  They havespells.  Toby even though experiencing it himself, still found it unbelievable to be talking about such things.  The spells cover their tracks so dont worry.  Toby felt he had to reassure Craig because he felt it was him that got Craig into this mess.  My mom wont even be concerned so when we go back, we wont have to explain anything.
Craig flopped onto one of the two beds alongside the stone grey wall.  Toby sat on the other one and looked at Craig who covered his eyes with a bent elbow.
Thats how they did it last time when I went to Cloaksville, Toby said as Craig sat up.  And everything was fine.
Craig looked at Toby for a moment and then got up pacing the room.
Sorry I didnt believe you.  His voice was sincere as he never heard it before.
Its alright, Toby replied.  There has got to be a way out of here.  You know they arent going to tell us anything.  Well have to find out things by ourselves.
Well, I already tried the door.  The damn thing is solid wood and thick, Craig said as Toby went over to the window.  I tried the window toolocked.
Suddenly, a knock came to the door followed by the sound of the lock jiggling and then the squeak of the door opening.  Toby stood by Craig as a girl with slick, pulled back hair, pale skin and icy blue eyes that gazed between Craig and Toby.  Her clothing was dark nearly making her a shadow in the room.  From her bent arm, hung a basket with something wrapped in it and in her other hand was a glazed pitcher.  She sat everything on the table by the fireplace.
Hello, my name is Lizzi and I thought you might be hungry.  With her delicate hands Lizzi took out of the basket two glasses, plates and a loaf of bread already sliced.
Sorry I couldnt get anything better for you.  She handed the plates to them.  It isnt quite time for breakfast and the cooks dont like the kitchen messed with. 
That was the bread I smelled when I came here, Toby said as Lizzis eyes gazed into his.
You have good observation.  I didnt think Etherlings were good with their senses, Lizzi said pouring what looked like water into the glasses and sat them on the small table.
Lizzi then motioned for them to sit as she grabbed from the mantle a small box.  Toby watched her open the slide back top and scoop what looked like power.  In her cupped hand she sprinkled the dust into the fireplace and ignited a fire with a sudden poof.
How did you do that?  Toby asked amazed.
Do what?  Lizzi asked.  You mean light the fire.  She looked back at the fire and then at them.
It really isnt all that magical.  It is just reigniting dust, but I suppose you two Etherlings are not used to such Faeish things, she said moving the logs around the warming fire.
What are they going to do with us?  Toby asked.  They cant keep us here for long, what use are we to them?
Lizzi looked at him with her magnificent blue eyes surrounded by her pale complexion.  
That Im not sure, but I do know that Zoey said that we need to protect you and you are safe here with us, she said pulling out a small jar filled with amber substance.  How about another slice and this time with honey?  
Lizzi slathered on the thick honey nearly pulling the bread apart.  
Is Zoey alright?  Why cant I see her?  Toby asked.
She made it here in time along with Sean and Deravon.  They are doing well and soon we will have a gathering to decide what needs to be done, Lizzi said eating a slice of bread herself.
What is to be done?  Craig suddenly asked.
Oh, sorry, this probably seems like bits and pieces I am telling you.  Well, let me start from the beginning for you.
Lizzi told them about how the Rebels came here escaping the troubles of Avalon and the grip the Muse brothers had on it.  Most of them here were young some facing prison and some were just of the wrong creed of Fae as Lizzi called it.  She told them about Merlin and how they were searching for the Everspellthe one thing that would give them leverage.
You mean King Arthur Avalon and Knights of the Round tableare real?  Craig sat on the edge of the bed as he ate another slice of bread.
Lizzi put the honey back into the basket and smiled as she shook her head.  At times our worlds have crossed and some Faes were drawn back to our homelands.  So just like in your world, the legend of King Arthur I guess is a mystery we both share.
But you said Merlin is here.  Surly he knows.  Toby asked as Lizzis blue eyes lifted and met his.
Merlin is just his name.  He isnt the Merlin, but he does have linage of powerful vessels and even a little royalty.  Merlin has great power as hes a magic vessel.  The Muses would love to have him in their collection.  We have finally managed to create portals for quick traveling all over.  It sure beats traveling on foot.
Dont forget to tell them when one of us needs to use the facility and the schedule for that.  Honestly Lizzi, did you leave nothing out?  Wes said leaning against the door jamb.
The Etherlings are with us.  Lizzi stood up turning to Wes.
You are so nave, Wes said closing the door behind him.  
I am not.  Lizzi protested with her eyes that grew a cooler shade of blue.  I had one of my premonitions, she said under her breath as she put the dishes back into the basket.
Wes didnt answer only looked away with paleness to him.  The room grew silent as Toby looked at Wes and then at Lizzi before looking back at Craig.  
They arent a hundred percent, Wes said looking more at Craig and Toby than at Lizzi.
Im sure.  Lizzi looked up at Wes who stood with crossed arms.
Wes let out a sigh and didnt press with her anymore.  He looked suspiciously at Toby more than Craig.  
We dont know much about Etherlings, so it is best not to fill their little minds with things they dont need to know, Wes said standing by the door.  
Toby ignored Wes.  It didnt matter what he thought and all Toby was concerned with was Lyssa and Craig and getting out alive.  
I will be back later with something better to eat and hopefully more information for you, Lizzi said as Wes cleared his throat.
Toby smiled at her as he handed her the basket.  She returned the smile and looked down as she took the basket from him.  Her face suddenly filled with confusion.
Wait, she said putting the basket down and looked at Tobys hand with the partial mark on it.  
She held his hand in hers.  Her touch was gentle and tickled his palm as she ran her delicate fingers across it.  His mark sparkled like water glistening in the sun.
You have a markor more like a partial one.  Lizzi smiled and looked at Toby with delight.  This changes everything.

Chapter Twelve
Eli

Eli had been sitting by Zoeys bedside since he had gotten back.  He didnt know why though.  The Fae who had used, misled and now realized had stolen his heart so long ago.
Through the window he could see the sun barely breaking over the horizon.  The sky was lightening and beginning to glow.  He stood by the window looking over the forest from the second story window wondering how he would remain sane if anything would ever happen to Zoey. 
Eli.  Zoeys rough voice caught him off guard.
Eli turned to see her looking at him with a slight smile.
How long have you been here?  She asked wincing as she sat up.
Eli helped her by positioning the pillows for her.
Since I got back, Eli said as Zoey smiled back at him.
Im glad, she replied.
A tray of food was brought in and Eli like a doting lover made sure she ate all of it.  He couldnt stop himself and tried many times to fight his emotions for her, he had to be at least caring enough to see her well and find out more about this Lyssa girl.  
So how are you feeling?  You look a little better at least not so pale.  Eli asked placing the tray aside.
I am better and I cant stay here for long.  Zoey let out a sigh and pulled her hair away from her face.  There is so much to do.
Whats wrong Zoey?  Eli asked.  I can tell something is troubling you and you havent let anyone in on it.  Eli crossed his arms and let his stare slide past his slightly turned up nose.
Zoey laughed a little and then clutched her side.  If you are trying to look intimidating it isnt working.  I also know you Eli and under that entire hard exterior, you are as kind and gentle as a kitten.
Eli stepped away.  Youre wrong.  My time in prison hardened that.  Zoeys smile faded.
You dont understand  Zoey meekly started to say.
No, I understand.  Eli now paced the room.  I thought we were working together and you left me red-handed with what I thought was the Everspell.  And now youve put it into some Etherling for safe keeping.
 She isnt an Etherling-she is Fae.  Zoey followed him with her eyes.  I did what I had to do.  Zoey let out a sigh as Eli leaned against the wall and looked out the window.
I never had intentions of taking it to the Isle of Starsat least not at first.  The Muses wouldve caught me before we even made it there.  I went to the Etherworld, a place they would dare not go, at least not right away.  I bought time by doing so.  I have been collecting relics for a long time and the Everspell can bring our beliefs and just way to the Faes.  Zoey slightly smiled at Eli who glared at her over his shoulder.  Everything hangs in the balance and what the Muses took from me I can never replace, but I also dont have to let them win.
Why didnt you just tell me?  Eli asked stepping closer.  You could have just told me.
The less you knew at least at the time, the better.  I know it was no paradise, but prison was much safer than running from the Muses.  Zoey swung her legs over the bed exposing her soft looking flesh of her thighs.  Eli quickly looked away.  The last thing I wanted was to hurt you and now I can only hope you understand.
Why her?  Why the girl?  Eli asked staring out the window with the sun quickly rising past the horizon.
She is a vessel and I thought the Muses would never have found her.  Zoey slowly stood up.  We have to get her Eli and I need your help.
Eli looked at Zoey who had more strength in her eyes than her barely standing body.  She stood slightly bent as a little blood began to stain her white shirt.
Youre bleeding.  Eli rushed to her and helped her lay back down.
Eli, Zoey said weakly.  We have to get Lyssa, the Muses have her.  They made a portal right after we were attacked by a Drake.  If she falls into the wrong hands
Dont worry.  Eli lifted her shirt just enough to see her wound. 
 He had helped many fallen sentries that got hurt patrolling the Borderlands.  But Zoey wasnt a fellow sentry, she was something more.  
Beside the bed was a gray-green bottle that had dust in it that Elijah used before and had instructed Eli to use more if needed.  Gently, he sprinkled it over her stitched wound.  He could see the paleness of her skin that was so soft under his touch.  The dust glittered against her skin that was smeared with blood.  Zoey closed her eyes tightly and gritted her teeth.
Eli then laid a cloth over it and put her shirt back down.  She then slowly relaxed as she gazed at Eli.
Thank you, she simply said.
Eli nodded.  He poured from a pitcher a glass of water and gave it to Zoey.
Youre really good at this, Zoey said tenderly brushing her hand across his forearm.
Its nothing.  Im only filling in for Elijah.  Eli tried to say in a cool tone.
So you think the Muses have Lyssa?  Eli asked.
Yes, we tried to defend ourselves, but Orzan was more powerful than I remembered.  And I thought I heard several voices coming from him like he was possessed.  What is Elijah doing in trying to find her?  Zoey asked trying to sit upright.
Eli looked over at the table and remembered Elijah saying if Zoey tried to get up to give her what was in the blue bottle.  He refilled her glass and discretely put the two drops as instructed into the clear water.
You dont understand Eli how important this is.  Lyssa has no control over the Everspell.  She needs the key.  The key you took from the museum.  It opens something that is essential in the extraction of it.  If the Muses try to take it from her they will kill her.  Zoey grew pale with each breath she took as sweat beaded on her forehead.  
Here, Eli said holding the glass to her pale dry, lips.  Drink this and you will feel better.
Where is the key?  Zoey asked setting her head back onto the pillow.
Its at the Museum, I never managed to actually take it before being caught, Eli said placing the glass back onto the table.
Im sleepy; you gave me what was in the blue bottle didnt you?  She said as her eyes opened and shut.  You were sneakyuse that sneakiness to get the key back.
Zoey let her eyes close one last time and slept soundly as Eli gazed at her wondering how he was going to do that.
Lyssa

You are lucky my son got there in time, Elsa said taking a sip from her glass.  And if youre wondering about Zoey, Toby and Deravon they are fine and here with Sean.
You have been watching me for a while, Lyssa said feeling violated from being spied on, but also glad or she might still be with the Muses.
Not that long.  I have only seen bits and pieces, just enough to know that you are here and at the time, in great danger.  That is why I sent my son.  Elsas smile seemed to comfort Lyssa.
What about Gwen and do you know where my dad is then?  Lyssa asked hoping she had news of them.
Elsa sat her glass down and started to say something when the door flew open.
The Council is coming!  The boy who was here earlier said looking at Lyssa.
The boy shut the door behind him with his now greyish eyes staring almost repulsively at Lyssa.  She felt a cold wave fill her causing goose bumps to rise over her skin.  
I cant take her now.  They will wonder where I went, he said removing his eyes from Lyssa.
Elsa didnt say a word, only smiled tensely at Lyssa and took her by the arm back into the bedroom.
Lyssa, everything will be fine.  Just stay in here until I come and get you.  Elsa closed the door behind her.
Lyssa stood halfway to the door trying to listen to the muffled voices.  She wondered what this dreaded Council was and why the boy had looked at her in such disgust.  She then heard the front door open and close.  She could hear many footsteps fill the room and then stop.
Good day seeress,a male voice said.  Any news on the Everspell?  His words had a dark undertone to them.
No.  Elsa answered sharply.  Like I said before, seering doesnt always work when you want.
Silence filled the air as Lyssa heard the footsteps coming closer to the door.  She stepped back quietly.
You dont understand we need this to work for us right now and I think you have the capabilities to make it happen.  Oh, Elsa I have seen your workI have complete faith in you, Another male voice said in a much smoother tone than the first and dripped with sweet venom. 
She said she tried.  The boy said in a stern voice.
I didnt tell you to speak, but since you are, where is the Etherling?  Was she at the Muses?  The smooth voice asked.
I couldnt find the Etherling.  The Muses must have her hid.  His reply was quick and convincing, but the tense length of silence that followed said otherwise.
If you werent one of the Kings sons I would have your head and put it on a pole as an example for the rest.  We cant afford to fail!  A heavy fist landed on the table making the dishes rattle and Lyssa jump.  
Look for her again and I do hope you find her because it wont be good to come back empty handed.  The door slammed behind him and silence filled the room.
Lyssa stood frozen to the floor and stared at the door.  She could hear Elsa speak in a low murmur and wondered what was going on when the door slowly opened.
Elsa smiled at her.  Im sorry you had to hear that and I wish I could explain more things to you, but your safety is compromised and my son will take you to the Rebels now.
Behind her the boy gazed at her like a hawk looking for its prey then quickly looked away when their eyes met.  
Lyssa you have a power that has been lost to myth for centuries and now everyone is seeking you out.  I know Zoey and the Rebels, they are allies to us as our own race is facing a new leader and our peaceful ways are dissolving.  They want war with the Fae and you are the catalysis for it. 
Lyssa stood with her arms wrapped around her as her head began to throb.  The Everspell that Zoey had lovingly placed in her wasnt a gift, but a curse.  She felt furious at Zoey, but pushed it away because she couldnt do anything about it now.
Elsa smiled at her as the boy, whom she still didnt know his name, turned and in one brisk movement and put on a heavy black cape that swirled around him.  There was something about him that seemed familiar, something distant, like his eyes had met hers before.
Suddenly, sweat began to run down her back and bead on her forehead.  Her stomach churned and bile rose in her throat.  She quickly turned looking for something to empty the contents of her stomach into.  An empty bowl sat near the bed and she ran to it, hunched to the floor and threw up thinking the whole time about the boy seeing her do this.  She felt more embarrassed than sick.
 I will be back.  I am going to secure a path and I will be leaving at night, he said with the shut of the door behind him.
The cool air from the open door curled around Lyssa.  It felt comforting to her as Elsa came over and gave her a wet cloth.
You still have a good amount of poison in you.  I will send you something for that.  Her words were tender and motherly, Lyssa suddenly felt a pang for Zoey.  Are you feeling any better?
Yes, I think so now.  Lyssa replied.
A knock at the door broke the silence.  Elsa jumped startled as she quickly got up smiling at Lyssa before shutting the bedroom door.
Please seeress, you must help me!  A womans pleading voice said.  My daughter is ill.
Lyssa could hear the whimpering of a small baby.  Slowly, she crept over to the door and peeked through the crack.  She could see Elsa hold a small bundle in her arms as a darkly clothed woman hung by her side.
The seers in the city wouldnt help our kind anymore, the woman said with a bitter tone.
Elsa gazed at the girl and then came towards the bedroom door.  Lyssa stepped back just before Elsa slowly opened it.
Do you mind if you help me?  Elsa asked with a distraught look on her face.
Lyssa came out and Elsa introduced her as a beginning seeress.  Lyssa stood behind Elsa and looked at the woman.  She was no older than Lyssajust a young girl scared for her sick baby.  The girls eyes were swollen and wet with tears; she fidgeted with her hands like she didnt know what to do with them.  She barely looked at Lyssa.
Elsa gave the baby back to the mother and began to assemble an assortment of bottles filled with liquid and powers and put them into a small bowl.  She worked quickly as the baby began to cry a raspy wail.  It made Lyssa jump who stood quietly beside Elsa.  She looked at the mother who kept her dark eyes on the infant, rocking it up and down with trembling arms trying to sooth the baby as well as herself.  
Here hold this, Elsa said handing Lyssa a flat piece of mesh like material held tight in a metal frame.
This is Milkwort cloth.  It is used to strain out any impurities, especially for babies and the very sick, Elsa said not taking her eyes from the brown liquid that streamed through the cloth to the bowl beneath.  
The smell of it was an earthy, like the soil freshly tilled in her dads garden.  She felt a sudden pang for him.  Lyssa kept her tears from erupting and her hand from trembling.  She would find him and soon be back with Zoey who would help her.  She had to hang onto those thoughts.
Elsa then pulled from her shelf a slender glass bottle with a tapered end.  She filled it with the now slightly brown liquid and then handed it to Lyssa as she took the baby from the mother.  The bottle was warm in Lyssas hand, almost too hot for the baby to drink.  She almost said something, but didnt as Elsa sat down in a chair cradling the baby that looked up at Lyssa with solid black eyes surrounded by dark skin and patches of what looked like silver scales like a fish.  Lyssa gave a small gasp catching the mothers attention for a moment and then Lysa closed her mouth and slightly smiled at the girl.  
The black eyed baby gratefully drank the scalding liquid and then closed its eyes in contentment.  Elsa smiled at the tiny baby and then gave it back to the mother.
That should cure her and also prevent any future outbreaks, Elsa said to the smiling mother.
I cant thank you enough seeress but I have no  Her voice lowered as she gazed at Elsa with her large dark eyes.
No payment is necessary.  Just tell anyone else who is ill and cant get help that I will help them.
I will, the girl said before nodding at Lyssa as she closed the door behind her.
Elsa without a word cleaned the bowls and bottles.  The fire crackled and the Mog who was at Elsas feet curled beside the flames for a nap.
Will the scales on the babys skin go away as well?  Lyssa suddenly asked.  And its dark eyes.
Elsa didnt look at her, only smiled as she sat in a rocking chair off to the side of the fireplace.
No.  Elsas voice was placid as she looked up at Lyssa.  They are traits common to all of us Drakes.
It was a Drake that attacked Deravon in the timber by Seans and Gwens house.  Lyssa felt confused and stepped a little closer to the door as Elsa put a kettle over the fire.  
I am a Drake as well as my son Dane, the one who brought you here.  She looked up at Lyssa.  We arent going to hurt you here Lyssa.  She walked over to Lyssa taking her by the hand.  If we meant you any harm I would have given you to the Councilmen when they were here.
A Drake attacked us in the Etherworld.  Lyssa remembered the scaly creature.
Elsa gave a tired sigh of someone that had a large burden resting on them.  Not all Drakes are loyal to the Council.  Things are changing.  Just like the young mother that was heresomeone shouldve helped her, but views are changing and our ways are dissolving.
Elsa motioned for her to sit down as the Mog came over to Lyssa and curled up beside her feet.
The Drakes are a lesser race of Faeor at least thats what the Fae call us.  We dont claim to be Fae, but are a separate race called the Fire People.  We were born of the first flames of Fae and have existed in peace for many years.  We have always been an educated, peaceful and noble race, nothing like the Fae have painted us to be.  They call us barbaric and a stagnant race that didnt develop to its full potential.  We choose to live in the farthest reaches of the Borderlands and no one bothered us until our land served a purpose for the Fae.  Now, some of the Councilmembers are selling our lands right from under us.  Our land was never meant to be owned by any individual, it belonged to all of us with a great respect for it.  Elsas dark eyes flicker when she spoke, like embers of a dying fire.
 And they want the Everspell to take over the Fae.  Lyssa felt she knew the end of Elsas story.
Elsa didnt say a word, only looked at her gravely in an unspoken agreement.  Before Lyssa could ask any more questions the door opened with a rush of cold air.  Dust particles brushed against Lyssa face as she looked at the dark figure of Dane.  His eyes shifted slightly to Lyssa before he spoke.  
We have to go, and go now.  Danes cool voice pierced the air with a delicate fog from his breath as his flickering eyes fell for a moment on Lyssa who couldnt remove her eyes from him.
Elsa gave one last look at the fading blisters on her wrists and gave her a heavy coat with a soft blue grey stocking cap that covered her ears.  She thought the ensemble would be burdensome traveling through the forests and whatever terrain they had to cross.
Dane will take you to the Rebels.  I know them well and I will send a message that you will be coming.  Elsa smiled before giving her a hug as they stood outside the door.
 Lyssa turned to the boy who stood like a bronze statue between the walls of red rock that surrounded them.  He looked up into the late afternoon sky that was turning an indigo blue.  His eyes were darker looking and made Lyssa shiver.  He didnt say a word as he came over to her and pulled her body next to his. Gentle must not be a characteristic of the Drakes as he jerked her body next to his.  Lyssa gasped and was glad he couldnt see her face that flushed with blood.  He began to put a leather strap around her waist and with a rigid voice instructed her to put her hands into two leather strap that were sewn onto his heavily beaded leather tunic.
Elsa stepped in front of her.
What exactly is this?  Lyssa wondered what this contraption was and how they were supposed to even move in it.
Dont worry Lyssa, Dane is good at flying and you will be there very shortly.
Flying?  Lyssa mumbled and suddenly she heard a whooshing of air behind her.
Her hair blew around her face and she could feel heat.  It was heat radiating behind her from Dane.  Elsa stepped back trying to catch her blowing hair.  The beating of wings became rhythmic and slowly lifted them upwards.  Her hands wrapped tightly around the leather straps began to sweat and her heart raced as they slowly levitated over Elsas stone carved house. 
As soon as she thought flying wasnt too bad, they suddenly stopped, hovered and then jolted forward.  Lyssa screamed her voice lost to the wind.  The orange-red rock formations flew by like a kaleidoscope of broken colors swirling and changing as they went by.  Then, between her whimpering screams she thought she heard a gentle, humorous laugh.  It was Dane amused by her fear.  Aggravation filled her.
 You didnt think we were walking did you?  Danes voice had a ring of amusement to it.
Lyssa didnt answer only hung on as the air curled around them nearly taking her breath away.  She held on tight and closed her eyes for a moment.  She wasnt going to show him her fear so he could only find humor in it.  
Lyssa watched the ground beneath her.  Their pace had slowed and now she could make out individual and detailed designs in the ground below.  The weathered rocks gently carved by wind and water had delicate lines that curved and swirled in various shades of red, orange and yellow.  Enormous caverns and almost perfectly arched rocks created by nature, filled the barren land with their beauty.  Lyssa thought it was magnificent, but wondered how the Drakes survived in such a land.  Suddenly, she seen it, a narrow strip of river nestled between the rocks.  It was like a glistening icicle slowly melting between the fires that surrounded it. 
As they followed the stream, greenness filled in around it.  There was a few trees and some small shrubs, but not much growing in the rocky ground.  Slowly, the ground came closer and closer, they were descending.
With a firm landing, Lyssa could feel the leather strap dig into her stomach as her feet dangled.  Suddenly, she was released and she fell to the ground with a small chuckle from Dane.  The rocks dug into her hands and the spray of tiny droplets of river water collected on her burning skin.
She was going to say something when all she could do was stand in awe of the Drake.  Danes wings, bat-like, simultaneously folded behind him hidden.  His dark eyes pierced through her.  His gaze was steady as his lips curled 
into a slight smile.  Everything was quiet except for the rushing of the river beside them.
You might want to close your mouth.  Mosquitoes will be coming out.  Dane turned and took something form inside his coat and went towards the stream that gushed by them.
Lyssa didnt realize she had her mouth opened and closed it immediately feeling like an idiot.  Dane bent down and filled a slender, metallic bottle with the rushing blue water.  He offered her the first drink and she took two sips of the sweet water.  She was surprised of its taste, nothing like the water at home.
Dane shook his head evidently seeing her reaction to the water.  He took it from her and drank the rest himself before filling it again.
How long do we have to go?  Lyssa asked stepping closer to Dane.
He didnt reply at first as she stared down at his hunched black figure.
I asked how long  Lyssa words were cut short when another black figure appeared from the other side of the river.
Dane immediately stood up stepping in front of Lyssa.  Beating wings overrode the sound of the rushing water.  Lyssa peeked behind Danes broad stature to see another Drake with eyes of dark blue framed in silver scales that glittered even in the fading light.  He smiled roguishly and tilted his head downward letting his wavy, dull, blonde locks fall around his eyes.  
 Greetings brother.  His words were cool.  I see you have something there....a Fae maybe?  I can smell her.  
Dane stiffened at the Drakes venomous tone.  My doings are none of your business Ethan.
Cant find a Drake to suit your desires and you have to find a Fae instead?  Or is this something elsesomething more important that you were supposed to find and now you are keeping all to yourself?  His eyes fell on Lyssa.  They were the same color as the water and glistened with revengeful delight. 
Suddenly, two more Drakes appeared across the river.  Gracefully, like dark looking angels with their bat like wings, glided across the water and landed behind the fair looking Drake.
Youve gone against your brothers, Dane.  His voice was slow like the calmness before a storm.  I really, really hate to do this, but you leave me, not to mention our father and the whole Drake race at risk.  He shook his head with an evil mixed with amused expression as his eyes were fixed on Dane.
Dane stood frozen with his eyes on Ethan.  Lyssa could feel a heat begin to radiate from him kind of like the radiators in her old elementary school.  She stepped back slightly just as the two dark Drakes suddenly collapsed to the ground.  Ethan looked at one and then the other in a split second of amazement.  He then looked at Dane and smiled.
I see you have at least not forgotten your element of surprise.  Ethans voice had a playful tone to it.  
Dane didnt reply and now Lyssa could see he threw something at Ethan.  Ethan swerved to his right letting the object fly past him.  It began to ricochet off the cavern walls and finally hit the ground behind Lyssa.  She turned to see a small, flat metallic disk with jagged edges, like a saw blade.  
You dont have to do this.  Ethan said as Dane drew in front of him a slender and slightly curved blade made of clear dark glass and waved it in front of Ethan taunting him.  Very well then, we shall fight nobly then.  Ethan pulled from his side the same blade.
Lyssa stepped away from them as they walked in circles waiting for the first one to strike.  Ethan tapped Danes blade first, testing him.  Dane like lightening, swung his blade nearly disarming Ethan of his.  Ethan smiled and gave a small laugh, lowered his sword only to have Dane block him.  Ethans face began to turn red and his gloating amusement faded as the fight looked more like a deathly dance.  They were graceful in their movements and one seemed to follow the other, knowing where they would try to strike next.
They jumped onto rock ledges and flew through the air acrobatically.  Dane stood on giant boulder and Ethan on a lower one, they swung and clashed their swords that made sparks fall around them.  Ethan suddenly jumped forward onto the larger rock.  Dane stepped back and fell off backwards, sword flying through the air only to crash against the rock wall and shatter.  Lyssa gasped as Ethan laughed, his voice echoed off the rock walls.  He jumped down flaunting his sword at Dane.
 This is a pity brother.  He looked over at Lyssa with dark vengeful eyes.
Dane stood up and looked back at his destroyed sword.  He didnt look at Lyssa as Ethan stood smiling at Dane relishing his victory.
I am a noble though and will let you speak any last words.  He chuckled in a low voice.
Lyssa looked around there had to be something she could do to distract Ethan.  Behind her was the disk Dane threw earlier.  She wasnt good at throwing things like that.  It would more likely land beside them or she would accidentally hit Dane.  She didnt have time to think about that. Quickly she grabbed the metal object that was amazingly light in her hand.  She stepped closer to them so she could get a good shot at Ethan.  She lifted her hand not knowing how to throw it and as if it had a course of its own, it flew from her hand imbedding itself into the side of Ethans head.  
Black blood spurted out when the disk hit him then trickled down his cheek.  Ethan never looked at Lyssa only fixed his eyes on Dane.  His body stiffened as soon as it hit him.  He dropped his sword to the ground slowly fell to his knees with his head tilted never leaving Danes gaze before he fell to the ground with a thud.
Dane looked down at him in the stillness.  The rushing water roared past them as darkness began to fall.
Toby

Weve been in here for two hours.  Craig announced as if time really mattered now.  How can you just lay there?  
Toby had been staring up at the ceiling most of the time as Craig paced the floor and kept trying the door to see if it would open.
Like walking in circles is getting you anywhere.  Toby sat up as Craig went over to the door and tried the knob again.
I think it wouldve opened one of the other twenty times you tried.  Toby looked at Craig with raised eyebrows.
At least I am doing something, Craig said kicking at the door in disgust.
Toby only looked at Craig.  Youre right.  Craig sighed.  The door wouldve opened by now.
A clicking sound came from the door and then it slowly opened with Lizzi slipping in and closing it behind her.  Draped over her arm was several pieces of clothing all dark and glittery.  Her eyes locked with Toby as she smiled at him.
They are meeting downstairs and you can put these on.  Lizzi laid her bundle on the bed.  When you are done knock on the door.
Why do we have to change?  Whats going on?  Toby asked as Lizzi stood with her hand on the doorknob.
Just change and youll find out.  It is orders.  Toby could hear her chuckle as she closed the door behind her.
Toby looked at the pile of clothes on the bed and then back at the door.  
What is this?  Craig lifted up what looked like a long shirt.  It looks like someone raided Elton Johns closet.  I mean it glitters.
Toby smiled at Craigs comment as he changed into the thick leather pants and long tunic shirt.  The mesh-like material was very light for as thick as it was.  The inside was soft but the outside was rough like steel wool.  Suddenly, the material began to tighten around his torso.  Toby pulled on it and it pulled back.  Craig stood in front of him as Toby could only hope it didnt try to strangle him.
Like a slow coiling snake, the material pulled and twisted until it was nearly a perfect fit, then stopped.  Toby looked up at Craig who stood with a baffled look on his face.
Youre going to owe me for this.  Craig with a ring of teasing mixed with seriousness said as he began to change.
When they were finished, Toby went to the door and gave a small knock to let Lizzi know they were done.
Good.  Come on.  She whispered through her smiling pink lips.
They went down the long dimly lit corridor until they reached a large room with the dragon fireplace.  There were many Faes, about Tobys age gathered encircling a man with dark hair and braod shoulders and behind him was the Giant.  Lizzi told them to stand in the back and near her so they wouldnt be seen.  Toby began to wonder whose orders it was for them to join this meeting.
The time has come.  The man said gazing from side to side at the crowd.  Everything that we have worked for and protected hangs in the balance.
Toby gazed through the crowd hoping to catch a glimpse of Lyssa or Zoey.  All the faces young like him, were unfamiliar as they stood quietly their eyes fixed on the man in the center of the room.  Toby and Craig hugged the side of the wall and exchanged uneasy glances.  Lizzi was a few feet away with her back to them.
The man continued to talk, but Toby didnt pay attention to him, his thoughts were elsewhere.
I dont believe it, Craig said suddenly in a loud whisper getting the attention of a few Faes in front of them including Lizzi.
Her blue eyes darted at them and discretely, Lizzi took a step back towards them.
Its Megan.  Craig leaned over to Toby and whispered in his ear.
Beside the man, who Toby wasnt paying attention to, were two girls one older than the other.  It took Toby a moment to recognize her.  She stood with her chin held up as she looked over the crowd.  She looked the same with long blonde hair, but something, like an aura around her was different.  She stood by her mother who had the same unemotional appearance to her.  Together they both looked like they didnt want to be there. 
What is going on?  Youre not supposed to say anything.  Wait until I tell you what to do, Lizzi said through her teeth.
Suddenly, the crowd parted behind Lizzi.  The man had stopped talking and Megan dressed in a long flowing shirt and pants of a soft material that hugged her every curve 
stood behind Lizzi like a tall marble statue.  Lizzi turned as Megan gazed at her.  Her stare then went to Toby.
You have what is mine.  Megans voice pierced the silence.  
She pointed at Toby and turned her head back at the man.
You cant own him.  Lizzi stepped in front of Toby as if guarding him from Megan.
She only replied with an icy glance ignoring Lizzi.
How are we supposed to help you if you take something of ours?  The older woman said that Toby realized was Megans mother.
I assure you we didnt know.  The man calmly said.  We found them by the White Cliffs and brought them back.  They are Etherlings.
Megan and her mother exchanged cold glances.
I know what you did Megan, Toby said with everyones eyes on him.  I know about the spells and who you are.
Megan shrugged her shoulders as if saying so what.  Toby didnt let his eyes fall from her.  Her mom let out a sigh and her eyes filled with agitation towards her daughter.
The man pulled Megans mom close to him and whispered something in her ear that she replied with a nod.  
So you know who I am, but you really dont know what I am.  Megan folded her arms across her chest.
Youre a Banshee.  Craig spat the word out like he was calling her a name.
Megan scoffed at him.
 Look Megan, it doesnt matter what you are, but what you did.  You put spells on me and tried to control me.  Toby tried to make her see that.
So what I put spells on you.  It didnt kill you.  Megan rolled her eyes.  You dont know how good you would have had it if you wouldve let me finish.  Her eyes flared and then she stepped beside her mother.
The man motioned with his arm to go down the hallway as the giant with his booming voice severed the awkward moment breaking up the gathering.
Craig, Lizzi, Megan and her mom followed the man silently down the hallway.  Toby looked back at the crowd; a few Faes glanced at him only for a moment.  
Come on Toby, it looks like we have business with a Banshee Queen to deal with.  The man raised his eyebrows and gave him a nudged towards the darkened hallway.
Chapter Thirteen
Eli

Theyre having a meeting right now?  Zoey asked looking at Eli.
Yes, with the Banshee Queen.  We seek their alliance since they have strong ties with Avalonyou know, with their status there, Eli said looking out the window.  They are just head figures, but the mindless Fae regard them as celebrities.  It has been hundreds of years since they ruled Avalon.  Eli turned shaking his head.  I dont understand that.
Royalty is important to our history, Zoey said with a smile as she put long mesh tunic.
Eli let his eyes catch the last glimpse of her delicate white skin scared from past battles as the protective glamour suit covered her up.  Zoeys eyes met his.  She smiled and he knew shed caught him looking at her.  He turned and cleared his throat.
I really dont think you should go to meet the Drakes.  Eli stepped closer to Zoey.  
She smiled with a tilt of her head.  Worried about me?  You know you shouldnt.  I have fought many a beast darling.  
Dont call me that.  Eli stated.
What?  Darling?  Zoeys face fell slightly.  I thought
You didnt think.  I am not yours.  Times have changed and if youre looking for something to rekindle, there isnt anything.  All I want is to get the Everspell out of reach of the Muses and take it to the Isle of Stars, not the museum or your little knick knack collection underground.  Eli felt fire in him and pointed his finger at Zoey like a child.
Her eyes squinted then she nodded her head.  I understand.  Her voice was calm and diplomatic.
Zoey stood in front of him and started to say something when a frantic knock came to the door.  Zoey looked at Eli as she reluctantly opened the door.
Zoey, you need to come quick to Merlins chambers.  Evidently the princess already had dibs on the Etherling, Wes said as his eyes glanced between Zoey and Eli who stood in the background.  It isnt pretty.
Zoey without a word, followed Wes down the hallway with Eli right behind them.
The Banshee Queen stood with folded arms as the princess leaned against the wall examining her fingers unbothered by the conversation between Merlin and the Queen.  Merlins voice echoed in the glassed roofed room. 
The two Etherlings stood in the shadows watching like two oblivious pets waiting for an outcome.  Wes leaned against the wall crossed his arms amused by the whole spectacle as Zoey went up to Merlin who rattled on about how scandal destroys reputations.  The Banshee Queen seemed to let his words fall off her neatly pressed suit like rain.
I dont have time for this and to be honest I dont like dark dealings with outlaws.  My impression was that this was to be a charitable event, the Queen said with an angered and oblivious expression on her face.
Wes let out a snicker and the Queens eyes along with everyone elses fell on him.  The Queen tightened her lip throwing her already rigid shoulders back and grabbed her daughters arm.
Youre insolence behavior has cost us Casperinia.  The Queens gazed bore down on the young girl who showed no backing down.
My name is Megan now! The girl protested.  I am tired mother of everything you want me to be or dont!  The girl stood as tall as her mother and looked her in the eyes.  I liked our place in the Etherworld!
 This is neither the time nor the place.  The Queen took her daughter by the hand and with a brisk stance headed towards the door as Merlin tried to save their conversation.
Wes smiled at the Queen and her daughter as he opened the door for them and bowed as they left.  The Queens daughter looked back and smiled at Wes.  Eli only shook his head.  Wes had probably dated her as well.
Lyssa

Dane stood in the stillness and looked down at Ethan as Lyssa couldnt take her eyes off the Drake she just killed.  She wasnt sure if she should approach him or stay put.  She looked at the still body.  Shed never killed anyone before.  
Lyssa wrapped her arms around herself.  What would her father, Zoey, Gwen and Sean think of her?  She did it in self-defense.  Something inside of her had suddenly sparked, an instinct that she never had before.
Lyssa didnt realize Dane was near her until she felt his hand on her arm.  He looked down at her.
We have better leave here.  Someone will be looking for him.  Danes words was barely above a whisper.  Somehow just the tone of his voice made Lyssa feel comforted in the serene landscape.
Flying was the least of Lyssas fears now.  The scene of Ethan falling with blood trickling down his cheek kept running through her head.  She closed her eyes and tried to wash it away with the cool wind that flowed over them in the eerie darkness.

Lyssa woke as they began to descend taking a sharp veer to the right and into a spiral.  She didnt realize she had fallen asleep.  The ground came closer and shapes of trees seemed to form out of the darkness.
Dane landed softly at the edge of a thick forest.  He released Lyssa and wrapped the extra strap around his waist as his webbed wings folded behind him.  He then gazed over the land.  Lyssa looked as well.  In the blackness she could only see the abstract shadows of tall trees, tiny stars in the sky and Danes silhouette framed in a small sliver of the fiery orange horizon. The sun was coming up.
Can you travel well by foot?  Dane asked suddenly.
Yes.  Lyssa replied.  I think I can.
Dane turned and headed to the forest.  We need to take cover.
Where are we at anyhow?  Lyssa asked.
The southern edge of the Shimmerick Forest.  
The forest stood like a curtain of trees to the barren land.  The massive trees with twisted and gnarled bark looked to be hundreds of years old.  They reminded Lyssa of redwood trees, but instead the bark was a greyish color.  Even though the wind was still the trees long needles picked up what little breeze there was.  The air hummed above them like a gentle lullaby.
Dane led Lyssa on a pathless maze of trees until the ground took a steep incline to a basin of barren ground and steep cliffs surrounding it.  He stopped in the center looked around.
Come this way.  He looked back at her as she followed him to a small opening along the rock wall.
It was a cave.  The opening was low and Dane had to duck his head to get inside.  Lyssa didnt like small spaces and she took a deep breath hoping it would open up to something larger.  She stumbled a few times trying to keep up and then felt the slip of Danes warm hand in hers.  It sent a wave through her like someone lighting off a bottle rocket that whistled through the air, popped and then dissolve.  She gasped as Dane stop and look back at her.  Her eyes meet his for a moment and then looked down at the uneven ground.
The ground is slipperyI dont want to have to carry you if you get hurt.  Hold onto my hand.  It was like he could look right through her and see that bottle rocket go off.  Lyssa was glad it was dark so Dane coudlnt see her red face.

The sound of dripping water echoed in the moist air and a light from Danes free hand filled the scene in front of them.  Tall stalagmites stood like towers to a tiny city while stalactites hung delicately like ornaments from the darkness above. 
Dane whispered something as he began to touch the cave formations.  His hands glided over several of them until Lyssa stood in a ring of dimly glowing light.  Dane looked at her over his shoulder and then sat in the center of the cool light.  Lyssa watched him as he took something from his side pouch wrapped in a white cloth.  He took out what looked like small crackers cupped in his hand.  He ate one then lifted his hand offering some to her.  Lyssa shook her head and then sat down across from him.
Youve never killed anyone have you?  Dane asked bluntly.
The question nearly took Lyssas breath away as she thought of Ethan.  No.  She could barely reply.  Not before
I could tell.  He cut her off and ate another cracker.  You know you should eat something anyhow.
Dane pinched a cracker between his fingers in front of her.  She ate the bland cracker.  Dane watched her hardly blinking his eyes.  Lyssa tightened her arms around herself feeling uncomfortable.
How did you make them glow?  Lyssa asked to break his stare.
The land towers?  His eyes finally left Lyssa to the glowing formations.
You mean stalagmites.  Lyssa smiled at him as he shook his head.
No, land towers.  Theyre earths energy.  Thats why they are found in caves.  Dane looked at her blankly.  I dont expect you to understand that though.  Dane ate another cracker and raised his eyebrows at her.
What is there to understand?  Lyssa felt agitated at him.  
There are lots of things the Faes dont understand anymore.  And as far as I am concerned, you dont understand either.  Dane brushed his hands together flicking crumbs to the ground.
Whats that supposed to mean and why are you treating me like that?  Only a few weeks ago I didnt know this whole place existed!  Her voice echoed to Lyssas surprise off the cave walls.  She didnt realize that she had spoken loudly and glance over the darkness wondering if she disturbed some terrible cave dwelling creature.  Her eyes then met Danes who snickered at her aware of her trembling.
I made them glow by connecting with them.  Danes voice was soft and his dark eyes seemed to flicker picking up different colors.  Here.
He grabbed Lyssas wrist gently raised her to her feet to an unlit land tower as Dane called them.  They stood in front of it as Dane glided behind her wrapping his strong arms around her and placed his hands on top of hers.  His skin was warm, like someone with a fever, but different, like it was internal.  His hands easily engulfed hers as he pressed them to the cool, slimy formation.  They stood there for a moment Lyssas hands pressed between the heat of Dane and the coolness of the land tower.  
Wha.  Lyssa started to say before Dane shushed her as his breath flicked some of her hair into her eyes.
Im starting to ground.  Dane whispered in her ear and she could only guess what that meant.
She wasnt sure what was going to happen and thought of pulling away and telling him to stop when something crept into and through her.  A force like rushing water started at her feet and moved through to her legs then her torso and finally her arms and then where Lyssas hands connected with Danes.  She felt strong and weak at the same time.  Her body felt like it was being held up by some invisible force and she was its puppet.  
Lyssa opened her eyes that she didnt even know where shut.  From under Danes hands came a faint glow that grew stronger until it glowed like the ones Dane lit before.  Slowly the force began to leave her, extracted from her body back to the earth below.  Dane lifted his hands from hers which was like someone ripping a band aid from a healed would only to rip the skin next to it.  Her body was not strong, but filled with a false strength.  Her legs felt like rubber and her head spun slightly.
No bad for a beginner, Dane said behind her.
Suddenly, Lyssa felt his arm around her that guided her back to the circle of lights.  He look at her with the same concerned eyes that she had seen when she was escaping from the Muses.  Lyssa could feel her face flush with embarrassment. 
Are you alright?  He asked.
Yes, Im fine.  Lyssa suddenly didnt know why, but felt like crying.  Maybe it was her weakness or lack of understanding.  
For a first time you did really good.  Dane searched his pouch for something and then put it away.  I would give you something to eat, but I ate all of the crackers.  His eyes met hers as if to say sorry.
Lyssa smiled quickly and then shook her head.  Thats alright.  Well be with the Rebels soon, right?
Danes face dropped slightly as he looked away.  Tonight.

The echoing sound of water dripping filled the cave.  It almost sounded like disorganized music to Lyssa, the earths music.  She looked at the land towers that glowed.  They were beautiful and Lyssa never felt anything like that.  She felt the ground beneath hera true connection to it, and as she looked back at Dane, she had connected with him.  Uneasiness filled her.
So, what do you call those?  Lyssa broke through the sound of dripping water and pointed to the pointed stalactites.
Sky towers, he replied not even looking up at them.
What do you call them?  He asked.
Stalactites, Lyssa replied.  Do they light up too?
 Only if you can connect with the air above, Dane replied getting up.  Not many can do that and it takes a lot of trialing and understanding to do that.
Lyssa gazed a little longer at the dagger like formations that precariously dangled above them.  
Ethan, Lyssa started to say when she noticed Danes eyes grew darker.  He called you his brother.  She probably shouldnt have asked and looked away wondering if asking personal questions was san after affect of the grounding. 
Thats something we call each other.  We are not bonded, but come from the same father.  Dane for the first time looked down at the ground tracing an invisible picture with his finger.  The King is our father.  He takes many wives hoping to produce a son worthy of his kingdom.  We are all tested and compete all the time.  Danes voice had a distant ring to it.
And he was going to kill you?  Ethaneven though hes your brother?  Lyssa pressed him as he continued his picture.
Probably.  You beat him to that.  His eyes briefly met hers.  We are sent do tasks and since my mother can scry, she saw you and you were my task.
Lyssa felt a burning sensation inside of her.  Dane kept tracing through his intricate picture that Lyssa couldnt see.
And what were you to do with me?  Lyssa watched Danes graceful movements of his long finger.
Kill you and take the Everspell.  Danes eyes flooded with blackness as Lyssa froze with fear.
Toby

With everything going on I didnt get in too much trouble for dressing you up and taking you to the meeting, Lizzi said as she steadied herself in a crook of an apple tree.
There were many trees, mostly fruit trees in long rows behind the tall half demolished half rebuilt stone castle building.  Toby and Craig stood under her as they took full baskets of apples from her. 
 And the good thing now is that until then, youre both my helpers.  She jumped from the limb and landed in front of them with a smile.
Helpers?  Craig questioned.  Whats the long term plans?
Lizzi turned and went to another tree and began to climb it.  There are none right nowat least not any plans Merlin has made or even Elijah.
Lizzi was fast at picking and began to reach for an apple just barely out of her reach.  Her fingers flicked at it just skidding across its skin. Toby was going to help her when suddenly she slipped hitting the side of the branch and wouldve hit the ground if Toby wouldnt have caught her.  Lizzi was light in his arms as he helped her upright.
Are you alright?  He asked looking into her usually playful eyes now almost disoriented.
Yes, quite fine, she quickly said brushing her shirt off.  Thank you.  I think we have enough apples to keep a hundred Fae busy.
Lizzi picked up a basket and tromped through the row of apple trees.  Toby and Craig exchanged glances.
So what are we now, house boys?  Craig kicked at the basket that sat under the tree.  I want to go home Toby.  I dont know about you, but Lyssa or no Lyssa, I want to go home.
Toby looked at Craig who leaned against the apple tree and bit into the apple he had in his hand.  His eyebrows rose at the sweet taste of it.  Toby wanted to go home too and at the same time he wanted to stay.  Something inside of him felt comfortable here, almost like home.  He thought of Lyssa.  He couldnt leave here without her and at the moment he wasnt sure if he really wanted to leave the Fae world yet.  He turned to Craig who had finished the apple and threw the core over his shoulder.
Toby was going to tell him that they needed to stayfor Lyssas sake when Lizzis voice came behind him.
What would you be going home to?  Toby turned to see Lizzi with a fresh scrape on her chin just beginning to let blood surface.  Ive seen many things Craig and sometimes things open up and opportunities come to you and its up to you to grasp on or let them brush by.  
How do you know what my life is?  You dont even know me.  Craig stepped in front of Lizzi who was nearly as tall as he was.  Craig folded his arms across his chest as their eyes mingled in silence.
Lizzi didnt back down and straightened her posture.  I saw you, both of you in my visions.  I knew Toby was a Changeling long before Zoey found out.  Her eyes now fixed on Craigs.  I had glimpses of your homeyour mother
Alright, stop!  Craig said as he stomped past her and kicked the next basket full of apples with his foot causing them to fall over.
Toby started to go after him when Lizzi stopped him.  No, let him go.  He needs his space and hell come to his own conclusion.
Hes my friend, Toby said as he stepped past Lizzi.  She caught him by the arm.
There is something you must know.  I had a vision this morning.  Her eyes gazed into his.
Toby looked at the empty path that Craig had gone down and then back at Lizzi.
He has to find something on his own.  You cant always guide him, Lizzi said in a sympathetic tone.
Lizzi took Toby through a pathless trail through the woods behind the Rebels castle.  Soon they were standing among several stone pillars that circled into a spiral.  The grey stones were about waist height and weathered with faded markings inscribed on them that looked to be hundreds of years old. Trees loomed around them some with long needles and some with gold colored leaves that fell gracefully to the ground.  Lizzi led the way and then stopped standing in the center of the stone pillar maze.
What is this place?  Toby asked looking around.
Its an oracle, Lizzi replied as Toby shook his head.  A place where one can see themselves as they are.  This one is sacred in not so much prediction but in the way you are headed now and the past, since the past effects the future.  Like I have said before Toby, I can see things.  Some come true and some dont.  I want you to have a taste of it for yourself. 
Lizzi grabbed his hand gently and then suddenly from inside of her shirt sleeve a small dagger slipped out cutting his palm until blood surfaced.
What did you do that for?  Toby yelled holding his hand as Lizzi didnt reply and turned his bleeding hand over letting the blood drop to the ground.  
Tiny droplets soaked into the ground making small beads of black dots.  Toby felt lightheaded, like he was as thin as paper.  The trees began to curl around him encircling into a golden canopy.  He looked towards Lizzi to find a golden haired woman smiling back at him instead.  Her hair was in perfect waves and framed her pale skin.  Her eyes were like crystals, changing with the light in brilliant colors.
Toby Winslett, you come to me by ways of a seering Fae.  She wants you to see for yourself that you are not just a Changeling.  Her words were soft and voice sweet like perfume.
Who are you?  Toby asked.
I am the one to show you things that no one knows.  She held her arm out to the side that were draped in long, flowing, white material.
Toby looked back at her.  Her eyes where focused on the white fabric that started to shadow and show shapes.  Toby watched as he could see a woman at first sitting with a baby.  It was his mother who was much younger holding her baby lovingly as another figure came to her.  He was tall and broad dressed in a long cape.  He was angered at the woman and she held the baby tight as the man tried to get it from her.  The struggle ended and she fled through a bright light.  The figures faded and Toby wanted to know more as the woman let her arm down and touched Toby by the chin gently until her eyes met his.
Your roots do not lie where you think Toby Winslett.  You have ties here though the dusts of time will not let you know any more as they have been scattered.  I can tell you that you are half Etherling and half Faea very strong Fae that is gaining power.
What am I to do?  Toby asked feeling depleted.
That is something I cant say.  It is up to you if you wish to follow the path that has opened before you.
Suddenly, the trees receded along with the woman before him.  Lizzi now stood in front of him with her hands embedded into his arms shaking him to his senses.  
Stop, Lizzi, Im back, Toby said standing in darkness.  Why is it so dark?
Youve been in a trance for hours!  Her voice was coarse like she had been yelling at him for all of those hours.  Weve got to go or I will be in real trouble.
Lizzi led him through the forest quickly and into the kitchen where it was bustling with activity.  Lizzi then led him down a corridor and into a dimly lit room filled with books upon books.  A slender catwalk ringed around the room that had one large window on the outside wall and two large tables with small glowing balls set in holders.  You couldnt even see the walsl as they were covered by many books.
I take it this is the library, Toby said as Lizzi shut the door behind her and pushed him to the back of the room just under the window.
Yes, Lizzi said standing in front of him.  Now what did you find out?
Toby shrugged his shoulders.  I dont know.  There was this woman with blonde hair...
She was a Fate.  Go on past that.  What did her cape reveal?  Toby was surprised that Lizzi knew about the cape.
I have done this before, I know protocol, Lizzi said evidently reading his expression.
I saw my mom and a man trying to get me from her and then she ran into this white light.  The womanshe told me that my mother was an Etherling and my father was a powerful Fae.
Thats it, Lizzi said.
Thats it.  Toby looked down at Lizzi.
She looked away and rubbed her chin as her eyes darted around the room.  She then flinched and pulled her hand away from her chin.  It had specks of blood on it.
Here.  Toby laughed at her as he took the cloths from her hand and blotted up the blood until it stopped.
She looked up at him with her clear blue eyes that reminded him of a distant summer day when he was a kid enjoying a carefree summer vacation.  
Whats the matter?  Did my chin fall off?  Lizzi asked taking Toby out of his trance.
No, its just a superficial scratch and it stopped bleeding.
Lizzi smiled up at him and then turned.  Weve better get going or you wont be the innocent bystander, but an accomplice.  

The dining hall was filled with voices and the smells of many different spices.  Toby looked around for Craig, but couldnt see him.  Lizzi led him through the many tables until they reached an empty one in the back.
Where is everyone?  Lizzi looked around the room.  
Come on Lizzi.  Take your play thing there and go up to Merlins quarters, Wes said getting up from the opposite table that was filled with many girls.  He is having trouble trying to locate the Ethrleing girl.

Lyssa.  Toby cut in front of Lizzi only to be caught by the arm by Wes.
Not that way lover boy.  Wes jerked him back and pointed in the other direction as the girls at the table all began to giggle.
Toby walked behind Wes and Lizzi as Lizzi occasionally glanced back at Toby and half smiled.
Am I in trouble?  She asked in a low voice.
No, not exactly, Wes replied.  
They walked very quickly and at a constant speed around the corners and up the stairs.
What do you mean not exactly, Wes?  Lizzi asked as they stopped in front of a door.
Wes opened the door with a smile and a slight bow towards Lizzi.  Ill let you find out.
Inside the dim room were Zoey, Elijah, Merlin and two other Faes Toby seen before.
Lizzi!  Merlin turned around and came up to her.
Im sorry I didnt mean to  Lizzi sounded like a pleading child.
Stop, Lizzi I need your skills to help us find Lyssa.  She is with a Drakean agreement I had made a long time ago with a Seeress Drake that if the Everspell should ever come their way to let us have it.  I have lost track of her suddenly right before we were going.
Toby looked around to see of Craig was there, but they were the only ones in the room.  He wondered where he was when suddenly Lizzi turned and looked at him with her blue eyes casted over with worry.
Take Toby out of the room when I do it, Lizzi said in a low voice.
Toby felt everyones eyes on him.  Merlin motioned for the two Faes he didnt know to take him out.  One smiled at him with a devilish smile and the other only looked agitated.  Toby wanted to ask Lizzi why she didnt want him there.  She never looked back and only stood still with her back to him as the door went shut behind him.
Toby leaned against the wall as the dark haired Fae went to look around the corner and the other who Toby recognized from the forest paced the floor with a distant look to him.
Your name is Eli isnt it?  Toby asked as he stopped suddenly taken off guard.
Yes, he replied and continued pacing.
Youre not going to get a conversation out of him my young Etherling. The dark haired Fae slid against the wall until he was shoulder to shoulder with Toby.  By the way my name is Deravon and you can have a conversation with me.
Deravon stop it.  Not everything can be made light of, Eli said still pacing only stopping to look Deravon in the eye before he continued.
Dont pay attention to him.  He spoils everything.  Deravon said with a snort from Eli before he went over to the window.
See, Deravon whispered as Toby couldnt help but to smile.
 Deravonyou were there the night of the danceat Lyssas house.  Toby suddenly remembered the Fae and Lyssa talking about him at Sean and Gwens house.
So youre Lyssas knight in shining armor that I finaly get to properly meet.  I recall the night Cinnia attacked Lyssa and you almost rescued her and even brought her shoe to her.  I thought that was very charming.  That shows that youre thoughtful.
Suddenly Lizzi screamed out followed by what sounded like someone violently throwing up.  Toby jumped from the wall towards the door when Deravon stopped him.
No, Lizzi requested you out here.  Deravon stood beside him and smiled.
Is she alright?  Toby asked.
Shes fine.  You are a concerned little hero arent you?  Deravon said with amusement.  Scrying the way Lizzi does takes a lot out of you.
The door flew open nearly taking the hinges with it.
Elijah stepped out as Toby tried to see past him.  He could only see Lizzi crumpled into a ball on the floor as Zoey tried to sit her up and wipe her face off.
The little bastard has her in the caves and hopefully we arent too late.
Toby was hustled down the hallway along with Eli, Deravon, Merlin, Wes and Elijah.  He wasnt sure what was going on as they went into another room filled with many black suits hanging in neat rows and several swords hanging on the wall.  The door shut behind them.

Zoey will be joining you outside.  And you, the Etherling will be going too.  Lizzi said you are needed as well, Merlin said as they changed into the black suits that glittered and in the dim light made them almost invisible.
Here slip into this because you are coming with us and, Deravon pointed up at the wall of swords.  If you cant tell we are in a weapons assembly room, so pick your weapon.
Toby slipped on the suit that he had worn before and wasnt surprised when it cinched down on him until it was snug.
Here you go little Etherling.  This is a Palm Scepter.  All you do it flick it out and ta da!  You have a blade ready for slicing and dicing, Deravon said tossing the small disk to him.
Toby caught it and flicked it out and then back retracting and expelling the blade.  Toby hoped he wouldnt have to use it.
Youre a natural.  Deravon smiled and went out the door.

In the cover of darkness they went through the forest silently.  Toby wanted to talk to Zoey as his heart pounded thinking about Lyssa.  Elijah, Wes and Zoey led the way followed by Eli and then Deravon who stayed beside him.  Their footsteps were as silent as a whisper and even Deravons giddy personality faded as serious as the night that surrounded them. 
 Their eyes continually scanned the forest until they reached a deep ravine that opened to crescent black void that was a cave opening.  Everything was quiet.  
Elijah stood behind a giant tree pulling something round and black that dangled from a string beside him as Zoey and Eli hunched together along with Wes behind a rock at first then split going down either side of the ravine.  Deravon had Toby stand behind a tree and instructed him to expel his blade just in case and then took refuge by a neighboring tree.  Toby would peek out every so often and watched Eli and Zoey with Wes behind her creep up to the opening like spiders that could hardly be seen. 
The darkness swallowed them.  Everything was shrouded in an eerie silence.  His palms became sweaty as he tightened his grip on the scepter and stared at the blackened void.  Toby could hear his heartbeat in the stillness and wondered if anyone else could.  He watched the Faes encircle the area like wolves surrounding their prey.  
Toby stood perfectly still wondering if Lyssa was alright when suddenly something large with bat like wings shot out of the cave and through the branches of the trees.  A few limbs snapped, fell to the ground as Deravon and Eli scattered through the timber.  They followed the fallen limbs through the darkness.  Toby looked back at the cave, he didnt see Lyssa as he stood frozen watcing and listening to the swooping of wings overhead.  Toby looked up at the twisted, needle laden branches when something dark and fluid drifted in front of him and landed with a thud.  
Toby stood dumbfounded with his blade held out in front of him like some kid who was trick-or-treating with a fake plastic sword and now stood in front of a real monster.  The tall creature stood still and slowly folded his wings behind him before stepping closer to Toby.
Toby stepped back slightly and raised his sword.  He swung at the creature not sure exactly how to use the scepter.  The creature laughed at him and then he took another swing this time by accident, he sliced the creatures right shoulder.  It yelled out in a human like voice.  Toby lowered his blade as the rest of them joined him.  Elijah came up behind the creature and brought him to the ground.
Stop!  Lyssas voice screamed out.  Stop!  He wasnt going to hurt me!
Lyssa nearly out of breath stood in front of Elijah who pulled the winged creature upright without any resistance.
Are you sure?  Zoey asked with her arm squeezing Lyssa close to her.
The Etherling is delirious and probably frightened to death.  She is just a little thing, Wes suddenly said from behind them.
Toby could see Lyssa glare at Wes.  I am not delirious.  If you would have listened to me instead of swinging your sword you would have found out different.
Wes shrugged his shoulders.  I guess you are the expert on Drakes nowsome Etherling....
Shut it up, Wes.  Elijahs voice boomed.  Wes didnt meet Elijahs stern glance and with a flick of his wrist retracted his blade.
He wasnt hurting me.  Dane was taking me to meet with you.  Lyssa looked at the now human like and very tall man who looked only a little older than Toby.
Everyone exchanged quick uncertain glances.
It is true.  Dane voice was mild despite his appearance before.  My mother, Elsa, spoke with your seer, Merlin, I believe. 
Yes, she did.  Elijah let go of Danes scruff and stood in front of him.  We should take this elsewhere.  Elijahs eyes through the darkness were fixed on Dane.  Understand, I dont trust Drakes very well, so your cooperation is vital.
Dane didnt reply, only nodded his head as Elijah tied a silver rope binding his hands.  He didnt seem bothered by this and stood facing Lyssa.  She didnt take her eyes from him and Toby realized that she didnt even know he was there.
The ropes are fire proof for Drakes, so dont try anything.  Elijah warned.
Elijah went first followed by Eli, Wes and Deravon.  Zoey still clung onto Lyssa as Toby followed behind them.
Lyssa, Toby said as quietly as he could, trying to get her attention.  Lyssa.  He repeated a little louder.
Lyssa turned with Zoey by her side.
Toby, Lyssa said with surprise.  Youre here.
Her eyes met his as she smiled at him.  
Come on, Zoey said.  We can take this reunion back home.
Zoey pulled Lyssa close to her with one arm and held her scepter in the other.  Through the darkness Lyssa glanced back at him as he walked behind them in the still darkness.

Chapter Fourteen
Eli

Eli watched Zoey and Lyssa from a distance.  They were unaware of him leaning quietly in the doorway of the bedroom.  Zoey cradled Lyssa in her arms and slowly stroked her hair.  The Etherling refused to take any rest and Zoey had to force her to do so.  Lyssa stated over and over again that the Drake was only protecting her and spurted out bits and pieces about the Muse brothers.  
Eli, like the rest of them wanted to know more, but Zoey with her sudden maternal instincts that Eli didnt even know she had, took Lyssa to a quiet room.  Zoey hummed a song to her.  Eli knew it well.  It was used to comfort infants who seemed to do nothing but cry all the time. He remembered hearing it when he was little, so many years ago and shrugged the memory away before it got away from him.  That was all he knew about it since children werent his main expertise.
Soon the Etherling girl gave in and slept in Zoeys arms.  Still rocking back and forth, Eli came in quietly watching the two.  Zoeys closed eyes opened upon sensing him.  She smiled slightly as she peered into the crackling fire.
Hows the Drake?  Zoey asked.
Cooperating, Eli replied.
The eastern sky slowly began to rise with an orange glow.  It was forthdawn, the time between dawn and morning.  It was an unstable time, a transition that if manipulated could make many things possible, the only thing is that you had to know how to manipulate it.
I want to talk to him, Zoey said laying the girl back and covering her up.
Elijah and Merlin have that taken care of.  Eli stated as Zoey stood in front of him.
She smiled shook her head.  I suppose they do.  Eli was surprised she agreed so willingly.  Come on a walk with me.  Eli knew why she agreed so willingly, Zoey had an ulterior plan.
Eli wanted to say no or come up with an excuse, but he couldnt.  He really didnt want to at the same time he did.  
The horizon was gaining the colors of dawn.  Zoey and Eli walked in silence until she stopped a distance away with the ruins of the once grand palace peeking through the tree limbs.  The air was still and filled with the song of a few birds.  Short and weathered pillars of stone encircled them.  Zoey ran her fingers over the top of a few of them until she came to a place where the ground had been recently tilled in a long oval shape.
How am I going to tell her?  Zoey stood with her back to Eli looking down at the black soil.
Tell who what?  The Etherling?  Eli stepped behind her and realized they were in a graveyard.
She isnt an Etherling.  She is Fae and her name is Lyssa.  Zoeys green eyes flashed with flecks of gold.  I have to tell her the only person in her life even remotely close to a mother is dead.  Zoeys words hung like the morning fog.
Eli stood next to her taking a deep breath.
Why are you concerning me with this?  Eli asked.
Because  Zoey stopped her words as if she was going to reveal a secret.  Because it will be hard enough on her.
Silence surrounded them again, except for the chirping birds growing in song.
Was that the one I seen at the house in the Etherworld?  The same one with the other male Fae.  They were refugees and hosted other refugees as well.  Elis voice had a twinge of disgust in it.
Yes, they were brave Faes.  They helped me more than they know.  Zoeys words seemed distant as she crossed her arms.  
And the male Fae...is he alive or dead?  Eli asked in an unemotional voice.
Sean survived barely when Lyssa was taken by the Orzan.  Hes here with us and is healing, but his past hasnt been good to him and he heals slowly.  The loss of Gwen hurts him more though.  Zoey kept her eyes on the ground and pressed her fingers to her mouth.  I never intended for any of this to happen.
Eli looked at Zoey as tears filled her eyes spilling over her cheeks.  He then realized, he had never seen Zoey cry before.
What do you mean intend?  Eli couldve wrapped her in his arms, but that would be like trying to comfort a lioness for killing an innocent animal to feed her children.  Zoey did things for a reason, no matter the risks.
Zoey looked up at him sharply as the sound of someone clearing their throat came behind them.
I hate to break up your lovebird session, but the Drake said he will only talk to you Zoey.  Wes said twirling a silver disk between his fingers.
Zoey glanced at Eli before she took off towards the palace.  
What do you have there?  Eli pointed at the disk.
I got it from the Drake.  Nice little throwing disk.  It may come in handy.  Wes then took off leaving Eli behind.

Eli was not allowed in with Zoey.  The Drake agreed to tell them everything he knew, but only to Zoey and Merlin.  Eli stood outside the door for a while when Elijah told him to move on, they had it taken care of.  Eli couldnt argue with the Giant and went into the dining hall to sit by the fire.
As soon as he sat down he could feel the fires warmth making his tied muscles relax.  Cradling his head in his hands he closed his eyes thinking of Zoey.  There was something bothering her, he could see it in her eyes.  Eli could feel sleep creeping in when suddenly a gentle hand touched his shoulder.  Zoey.
His eyes popped open to see a smiling young girl with a glass in her hand.  He thanked her and took it.  He took a sip of the warm tea and peered in the fire when he heard the sound of someone behind him.  He looked to see no one there.  It must have been someone passing through.  Eli finished his tea and decided to wander the halls of the palace.
There wasnt much to explore.  Mostly private rooms of the Rebels, the kitchen, weapons room and to his surprise a large library.  
The room was magnificent with what looked like hundreds of books.  He wondered where they got them all.
I believe there are some easy read books over there.  Not too many big words in them, Wes said closing the book he had in his hand.
Eli glared at him as he sat in his chair in the corner.  No one else was in the room. 
I guess you would know.  Eli retorted.
Eli pulled a book from the shelf at random.  It was about plants and their medicinal uses.  He quickly thumbed through it and placed it back on the shelf.  He pulled another one down and sat down at the table flipping the pages.  He glanced over at Wes who surprisingly ignored Eli engrossed in his book.  Eli continued to turn the pages that had painstakingly detailed drawings of various flowers and plants.  A few paragraphs written in delicate handwriting told about the uses and history of each plant.  Eli always found plants and how versatile their uses fascinating.  Eli again glanced over at Wes.
This time, he looked at the book he had.  Something about it seemed familiar and then he caught a glimpse of a couple of letters between Wess fingers.  Handwritten was the letter L and A. Eli turned and took a closer look getting Wess attention.  Wess eyes lifted from his book meeting Elis.
What book are you reading?  Eli asked as he got up and took the book from Wes.
None of your business. Wes jerked the book from Elis hand before he could take a look at it.  
Wes then quickly left the library as Eli looked down at his index finger that bled slightly.  The book had a spiral wire binding.  Eli noticed it when Wes pulled it from his hand.  It wasnt a Fae made book and Eli wondered what he was up to with Lyssas book.
Lyssa

Lyssa slept longer than she wanted to.  She guessed it was afternoon by the long shadows through the forest.  The room she was in was filled with a few beds lining the stone walls and a fireplace that was across from hers.  The fire in it dwindled to barely a few embers.  The air was cool and still.
Lyssa looked out of one of the two glass windows that were large circles of slightly distorted glass.  She went to the door and opened it to a dim lit and empty hallway. Both directions looked the same.  She wished sheve have paid better attention when Zoey practically dragged her up here.  She started to walk one way and then questioned herself, stopped and looked behind her.  She took a few steps and then stopped again running her hands through her aching head.
Youre headed in the right direction, an amused voice said behind her.
Lyssa swung around to see Deravon leaning against the wall with a big smile on his face.
Wheres Zoey?  What did you do to Dane?  Lyssa could hardly ask fast enough.
What, no how are you Deravon or at least a welcoming hello?  Deravon smiled at her.  Theyre all downstairs and Dane, as far as I know he spoke the truth and they let him go, Deravon said wrinkling his nose up as if catching a scent of something.
Let him go  Lyssa didnt even get to say goodbye to him.  But did she really need to?  She barely knew him, but something had connected between them in the caves.  It was energy invisible to sight, but tangible enough that she felt a spark in his touch.  There was something deeper to Dane she barely got a glimpse of and Lyssa wanted to know more.
Darling, if I may be blunt, you stink, Deravon said pacing his hands on her shoulders.  If you arent too modest I will show you to the bathroom.
Lyssa shook her head welcoming the idea of getting cleaned up.  Deravon led her down several flights of stairs where they passed several people about Lyssas age.  They were all dressed in long black pants and various shades of long sleeves shirts.  Some had capes and some dressed in solid black glittering suits.  A few glanced at her while others didnt even care to look her way.  She hoped none of them got a whiff of her though. 
Deravon then opened a door that led to a half built hallway that was open to the canopy of trees overhead.  As they walked the covering limbs opened up to a darkening sky filled with hues of lavender, blue and pink.  The sound of trickling water echoed.
Ah, here we are the ladies room.  Deravon let out a regretful sigh.  The gentlemans room isnt as lavish.
Lyssa let her eyes cascade over the entire room or what looked more like an open cave with rock ledges and a waterfall plashing into a shallow pool of water.  The pool water was lit from underneath with small lights all around and some embedded into the surrounding rock ledges.  The colors of the sky and the sound of the water with the warm air made her almost forget everything.
The water here is from an underground spring and very pure.  You dont even need soap to get clean and the water is then filtered back in and regenerated.  Isnt that clever?  Deravon rhetorically asked.  
Its beautiful, Lyssa said as Deravon gazed on like he was in a jewelry store drooling over all of the sparkling diamonds.
Lyssa looked at him and then cleared her throat.  Deravon snapped from his trance and then smiled.
 I get it.  I will leave you and send a girl to bring you new clothes.  Towels are over there on the ledge, Deravon said as he turned fading into the darkness.
Lyssa waited for a few moments and bent down running her fingers barely over the skin of the water.  It was warm and smelled fresh like after a spring rain.  She was alone and wondered if all the girls here bathed at once or took turns or maybe there was another bathroom.  She shrugged her shoulders not thinking of that but thought of slipping into the pool of water.
She took off all of her clothing and piled it neatly on the floor.  She got in and realized she still had on her bandages from Elsa.  She thought of Dane.  Would she ever see him again? 
 The warm water surrounded her.  Her thoughts scattered like rolling leaves across a cold pavement.  She thought of her father, not Orzan who claimed to be her father, but Thomas the only dad she knew.  She pictured him in her head, the way he smiled and how he had tried to be a good father.  It was a spell to ease his pain that only caused Lyssa pain.  She had always admired him from a distance the way he nurtured plants and cared for his shop.  Lyssa was never sure how she fit in, but she knows now that he did it all for her in hopes of becoming something better for her.
Lyssa leaned back in the water letting it come up to her chin and then closed her eyes and submerged herself in the warmth.  Her muscles eased and her head quit spinning.  She almost didnt want to surface, but her body wanted air.  

She explored the pool of water looking at the domes of white light that illuminated the water.  The sky began to fill with stars framed in a deep shade of indigo.  She let her head rest on the smooth edge and then let the falling water tickle her toes.  She glanced over to see her clothes gone and neatly folded on a ledge were new ones.  Whoever brought them in was very quiet.
Lyssa looked at her fingers which were wrinkled from being in the water too longshe was pickling.  She dried off with one of the towels and unfolded her new clothes.  A pair of soft creamy white, very conforming pants paired with a soft pink top with long sleeves flared slightly at her wrist and around her mid-thigh.  Brown leather boots that nearly went to her knee fit perfectly.  Zoey is the only one that knows her size.  Lyssa wanted to talk to her desperately now.
She towel dried her curly hair and ran her fingers through it and turned to pick up the towel when something from the top ledge fell to the ground.  It cursed under his breath and flipped back the cape that covered his head. He looked at her through his blonde wavy locks that nearly covered his eyes. Lyssa could only wonder how long the peeping tom had watched her.  Irate, she grabbed the towel and snapped it at his legs causing him to curse again.
Get out of here you pervert!  Lyssa snapped her towel again at his hands this time causing something to fly from them.
He looked at her with as much surprise as she.  
Its you from the caves.  What the hell are you doing watching me?  Lyssa felt her insides boil.
No!  He yelled.  No, I wanst watching you, I  He toned his voice down.  I wasmerelyI was cleaning 
Lyssa raised her eyebrows almost amused at his stumbling words.  He then took several deep breaths and supported himself on bent knees and then motioned with his hands at her.
I wasnt watching you; I was merely walking by and slipped.  Lyssa lifted eyebrows amused and smiled at him.
No you werent.
Yes, I think I know what I was doing.
You said you were cleaning.
I wasnt cleaning, he said in a regretful tone.
Then you were lying.
YesI mean no.
Lyssa snapped her towel at him again on his arm.  He let out what sounded like a growl and fire filled his eyes.
Give me that.  He stepped towards her, but she had already turned and went running down the hallway.
She went through the door as his footsteps came closer.  Lyssa was in the deserted hallway and only stopped when she came to an intersection.  She couldnt remember what way she had come with Deravon and decided to go right when she heard the door open and close in the distance.  
Lyssa followed the hallway until it led her to a spiral staircase that nearly went straight down.  Down she thought was good since Deravon said everyone was downstairs.  The iron steps and curving rail were cold to her touch.  She couldnt hear the boys footsteps anymore and felt relieved. 

The darkness of the stairwell gave way to a dimly lit room with what looked like tall shelves in front of her.  She was in the corner of a large room filled with books.  Most covered the wall that had a large window overhead and two tables with the same spherical lights as in the bathroom emitting a dim white light.  
Lyssa looked around the room and saw a tall wooden double door.  Before she could even come within an arms length, from out of nowhere the boy jumped in front of her causing her to slip and fall backwards hitting her head on the stone floor.  Stars filled her eyes and anger boiled up in her.  
He stood over her and asked if she was alright when something from inside his cape fell onto her stomach.  She grabbed it before he could and looked at it.  It was a book she held and as she flipped it over, it was no book but her diary.  Lyssa felt pins prick all over her as she stared blankly at her name shed written and colored in surrounding it with tiny flowers. All of her private thought, dreams and the entries regarding Tobywho was here made her feel sick.  He had her diary.  Lyssa met his eyes just as the door opened behind them.
How did you get here?  Lyssa?  Zoeys voice came from behind the boy.
Oh, I see you have met Wes.  Lyssa could only recall all the private entries she had made.  They were not to be read by anyone.
Zoey gazed back and forth between them.  Lyssa wanted to smack Wes.

Why do you have my diary?  Lyssas words trembled through her clenched teeth.
Wess wide eyes and unmoving lips opened with no words.
Your what?  Zoey asked.
How did you get my diary?  Lyssa repeated eyes fixed on Wes expecting an answer.
I found it.  Wes finally stated.  Eli brought it with him and the dimwit thought it was the Everspell.
Lyssa tightened her mouth not wanting to cry.  
What is going on here?  Elijah voice boomed behind them.  Everyone is need in Merlins chambers right away.
Wes, without a word and a slightly red face left as Zoey looked at Lyssa.
What happened Lyssa?  Lyssa too embarrassed to say anything shook her head and let the giant of a man lead the way as she protectively held her diary close to her.

Merlins chambers had a simply beauty to them.  It was a circular room with a glass ceiling open to the dark sky above.  A tall basin sat in the middle and a man with dark wavy hair stood beside it.   
Lyssa.  A whisper came from behind her.
Toby.  Lyssa wondered if Wes had said anything to him.
How are you feeling?  Toby asked with concern.
Im fine.  She would be fine if Wes hadnt read her deepest thought.  She caught a glimpse of him through the several people that filled the room.
I thought I would never see you again, Toby said wrapping his arm around her.
I know, a lot has happened, Lyssa said as Wes lingered in the shadows watching her.  She didnt let his stare bother her.
I never thought anything like this would ever happen, but something about it feels so right.  Toby surprised her as she looked up at him.
Really?  She asked dumbfounded.
He smiled down at her.  Yes, since Craig and I have been here, I feel like this was supposed to happen.  I mean I have a past here. 
Craig is here too?  Lyssa asked surprised.
A creature called a Mog brought us here.  He was Elis tracking device and he brought us here by mistakeor at least was a mistake at first.
Dont you miss your parents and brother and everything back home?  Lyssa asked and turned to him.
I do, but at the same time I need to find things out.  Lizzi a girl here took me to an oracle and there I met a Fate.  She told me that my mom had a connection here and my father is a Fae.  Toby eyes seemed to twinkle at her.  I care about my family, but I also need to find my real father.
Did they help you here?  Lyssa asked.
Theyve more important things right now; Im sort of on the back burner or really no burner at all.  They havent decided what to do with Craig and me yet.
Any news on your dad?  Lyssa felt his words prick her skin.
Lyssa didnt answer right away trying to keep her composure.  No.

Toby hesitantly smiled at her.  Im sure we will find him.  Toby squeezed her hand.
Lyssa come up here, Zoey said pulling her from Tobys side.  Lyssa looked back at him as he smiled at her.
The room quieted that was filled with some familiar faces and some she didnt know.  Lyssa glanced around as Zoey brought her in front of Merlin who was tall and broad shoulder, but had a gentle look to him with his rounded features.  His dark eyes looked like two dots in the flickering lights of the cylindrical poles that glowed at the top emitting a soft yellowish light.  
Lyssa Cleverthorn we finally meet.  His words were soft and casual, like they were meeting at a party.  
She nodded and smiled as Zoey quietly left her side.  Merlin then gently lifted her hand that had her Mark on it and examined it.  He then bent her hand at the wrist so her palm faced him.
We are going to do a uniting of marks and hopefully rid you of the Everspell.  
Lyssa looked around the room and met Zoeys eyes.  She was frightened at what a uniting was and Zoeys gentle eyes seemed to comfort her as she looked back at Merlin.
This isnt going to hurt is it?  Lyssa whispered.
Merlin slightly chuckled.  No, I am a vessel like you and this way I can open it up without the key.
Merlin then lifted his hand to hers joining the marks.  Lyssa felt the pull and a distant dream filled her vision.  She had felt this before.  Foreign words filled her ears and faces that she had never seen before flashed before her.  Her body was as light as a feather and her thoughts began to mingle with Merlins.
Feverfew is used to reduce fevers and peppermint can cure a stomach ache.  A womans voice said before it flipped back to one of her own memories of her father tending to the garden right before a rainstorm.  She had helped him put in his wheelbarrow just as lightening hit the telephone pole across the road shattering it.  
Lyssa then felt something being pulled from her.  Just like a weed in her dads garden that had deep roots with many tendrils wrapped around every particle of dirt and rock it could latch on to.  She thought she heard herself scream as she felt something hit her hard on the side.
Lyssa opened her eyes to see several feet around her.  Her body was numb and weak.
Someone has done a uniting with her before.  Merlin yelled out.  
Many voices filled in around her, but nothing made sense until she heard Zoeys voice.
Lyssa.  She sat Lyssa up and her head spun.
Lyssa closed her eyes and then opened to see Wes in front of her, eyes filled with concern.  If she only had enough energy she could kick him square in the chin.  But she couldnt as Zoey lifted her to her dangling feet.
Help me carry her back to her room, Wes, Zoey said as Lyssa could feel herself move through the crowd and out the door.
She wanted to yell out No and say she didnt want this perverted peeping tom touching her.  He had read her deepest thoughts and had seen her naked.  Now he was carrying her up to her room.  She wouldve struggled if she was only strong enough to move her arms.
Wes held her tight and her ear was pressed against his chest so she could hear his heartbeat as they went up several short steps.  He then gently laid her down on a soft bed as Zoey ran a cool cloth over her face.
Zoey.  Lyssa finally managed to croak out.
Shh, dont say anything.  I told them you werent strong enough yet.
Lyssa closed her eyes for a little then opened them to see Wes coming in the door with a tray.
I thought you might like something to eat.  Wes said acknowledging her.
Lyssa glared at him with what strength she had.
Thanks, Zoey said as she handed Lyssa a piece of bread with what looked like honey on it.
Wes sat in a chair at the foot of the bed and watched her.  Lyssa didnt realize how hungry she was until she took the first bite, followed by another all the time looking at Wes.
She wanted him to leave at the same time she wanted to beg him not to tell Toby anything about her diary.
 You dropped it in Merlins chambers when you passed out.  I picked it up.  If you dont want anyone else to read it, I would keep it in a safer place, Wes said with unblinking eyes and gently laid her precious diary next to her.  I am sorry Lyssa I read your diary, but I really didnt know what it was at first and by that time I was too far into it.

Lyssa didnt say a word only held her diary to her chest as Wes left the room.  
So let me get this straight, you have a diary that Eli somehow got a hold of and now Wes has read it, Zoey said looking at Lyssa with her wide green eyes.
Pretty much, Lyssa said calmly running her fingers along the edge of diary.
I see, well, that is very embarrassing.  Zoey turned her head slightly.
To say the least, Lyssa said as Zoey continued to look away.  Are youlaughing?
Yes.  But not at Wes reading your most personal thoughts, but for you nearly whopping him with a towel.  He told me what happened earlier and even though he doesnt appear to be a gentlefae, he is.  Zoey ran her fingers through Lyssas hair.  You know he is our best sentry and you got him with a harmless bath towel.
Lyssa looked away and couldnt help but to laugh.  He did look surprised when I got him especially after the third time.
Together they giggled like two girls with hardly a care in the world.  Lyssa wished she could hang on to this moment and wished all of her problems would simply dissolve and she would close her eyes and be home again with her father, Zoey and herself.  
I wouldnt worry about Wes reading your diary.  Maybe it will give him a little insight that girls are more than just boobs and made for kissing, Zoey said standing up.

You mean he really is a jerk?  Lyssa asked sliding her legs over the bed.
Zoey took a deep breath.  I care about Wes almost like I would care for another child, but he has no respect for girls as far as a relationship.  I dont think anyone has showed him differently.
Lyssa looked down at her violated diary.  It was like her thoughts and dreams had been raped by some idiot boy.  She drew in a deep breath shifting her thoughts.  She had so much she wanted to ask Zoey.
Orzan told me that I was his daughter.  Is that true?  Lyssa suddenly asked.  My father, Thomas  Lyssa felt a lump in her throat.
Orzan is not your father.  This I know.  He is manipulating you and he is a liar.  Zoey eyes twinkled.  Especially now they want the Everspell and will say and do anything to get it.
Zoey as always, made Lyssa see the light at the end of any tunnel.  She still though felt a thorn had been placed in her, a doubt that she wanted to be solved.  She made herself believe Zoeys wordsThomas was her dad no matter what.
Lyssa felt the edges of her diary.  How do you think Eli got a hold of my diary?  He wouldve had to been in my roomknow where to look and wait until I was gone.
Zoey stood up with a serious look on her face.  Then I will find out.
Toby
Toby couldnt sleep.  Craig had started snoring and the sound began to wear on him.  Pale moonlight illuminated the open areas of the ground below his window.  Two dark silhouettes paced back and forth a distance from the castle.  They were the night sentries guarding this fragile and small group of Faes. 
 Toby thought of his mother and why she never said anything to him.  Did she know or were the visions just a dream, something he made up to answer his questions and settle the thoughts in his head.  He looked down at his fragmented mark and then tightly clenched his fist.
Toby pulled himself from the window and decided that it wouldnt hurt anything to wander the building.  Craig didnt even hear him put on his boots and get dressed or even accidentally bump into the corner of his bed.  
The hallway was dimly lit with orillions.  Lizzi had explained many things to him such as how the orillions light up with a simple touch from a mark.  It was pure energy she said and even with Tobys partial mark, he could make one light up.
Many doors lined the hallway.  They were other Faes rooms and he hoped he didnt disturb anyone as he went down the staircase to the dining room below.  The fire there was barely embers glowing in the opened dragons mouth.  Toby stopped to look at it.  Even in the monotone of swirling grey marble the creature had a fierce look to it.  He ran his finger over the pointed teeth.  They were of course cold to 
the touch.  He then could see another hallway dimly lit and decided to explore it.  
It was a short hallway that led to two double wood doors richly engraved with swirling designs.  He opened the doors and hoped they didnt squeak disturbing anyone.  A large window with moonlight beaming through it greeted him.  Books filled every inch of the room.  
This must be the library.  Tobys soft whisper seemed to echo in the silence.
He was about ready to leave when a darkened figure came from the shadows between the tall shelves.  Startled at first, Toby stepped back.
Toby?  A voice questioned him.  
In the pale light he could see it was Lyssa.
Couldnt sleep either.  She smiled up at him.
No, Craig snores, Toby said smiling back.  So what are you doing here so late or I guess by now so early.
I was just looking at some of the books.  They have a lot on history and horticulture.  I was hoping to find something out that could help me find my dad.  I dont know why it would be here, but I feel that I have to do something.
Toby looked at her as she cradled a book in her arms.  Here.  He took the book from her.  I want to show you something.
She shook her head with widened eyes.  What do you want to show me?
Just come on youll like it.

Toby led her to the orchard where Lizzi picked apples.  The long rows of fruit trees seemed magical here, even though they looked the same in the Etherworld.
This is an orchard.  Lyssa stated and looked at him baffled.
Yeah, but I thought it was kind of a neat place.  Toby went under one of the umbrella like apple trees.
The ground was littered with fallen apples that were either half rotting or bug eaten.  The air around it still smelled sweet with the remaining apples on them.
Toby pulled Lyssa closer to him so they were both under the tree.
Did you ever think anything like this existed?  Toby asked.
Not in a million years.  Lyssa replied with a sigh.
Whats wrong?  Toby could sense the tension in her voice.
Everything, she replied as Toby placed his arm around her and she nestled her head in the crook of his arm.  Toby smiled down at her.  When I was with the Muses they told me I was Orzans daughter that my dad wasnt my dad.  He said that someone doesnt get a mark from only being half Fae.  It makes sense to me even though I dont want to believe it.
He could be lying too.  Toby tried to reassure her.
Thats what Zoey said.  But it explains so much.  My dad isnt a Fae, so how did I get my mark?  He is an Etherling that fell in love with my mom who escaped there from the Muses.  What if she said I belonged to my dad when really she was lying and covering up something?
Toby looked down at her and wished he could make all of her problems disappear.  You cant jump to the conclusion Orzan is your father by that.  Wheres his proof?  This is all new to me and to you, so we dont know for sure.
Lyssas face softened and he could see the tension release from her shoulders.  Gently, he turned her around, ran his fingers through her wavy auburn hair and then cradled his hand at the nape of her neck.  He bent over slightly barely brushing his nose against her when something whooshed just behind his head and made a vibrating metallic sound.  Both Lyssa and Toby jumped apart and looked back at the circular disk half stuck into the tree.
Footsteps came running down the row of trees and Toby pushed Lyssa behind him.
Oh, its just you, Wes said as he ran closer to them.  What are you doing out here?
Lyssa stepped out from behind Toby and glared at Wes.
Oh, I see.  He looked amused with raised eyebrows.  
You just about hit Toby with your disk.  Lyssa stepped closer to Wes like an angered cat taking a swat at something much larger than itself.
Well, if you two werent out her at night when I am on duty to kill anything that looks suspicious that might not have happened.  Wes replied in a matter-of- fact tone.
Well, then, maybe you need to be a little more careful at what you are throwing things at.  Lyssa retorted.
I am, Wes said bending closer to her face.
Lyssa gave a huff as Toby looked at Wes.  Look, sorry for coming out here and we will go back inside.


Dont apologize to him.  He is just a jerk and probably was aiming for your head anyhow.  Lyssa continued her glare at Wes who only looked amused at her.
Listen to your Etherling boyfriend little Fae girl.  Wes smiled at her raising his eyebrows in amusement as he walked backwards a few steps before being swallowed into the darkness whistling.
I am not a little Fae girl!  Lyssa yelled into the darkness as Wes continued to whistle a happy tune.  God, he is a jerk.  Lyssa turned as Toby placed his hand in hers and kissed her hand gently.
I know he just about got me, but what did he do to you?  Toby looked at Lyssa who stood with gaping mouth as she shook her head.
Hehe is just rude and I hate rude people.  Lyssa stammered her words.  Lets go in and get something to eat.  Lyssa said lacing her fingers with his.

Chapter Fifteen
Eli 

It is settled then, Lyssa will go to Avalon as soon as possible.  Eli, Zoey Wes and Deravon all of you here will escort her.  Once there you will meet with Casperina, she has agreed to help us, she is doing so in secret and we must respect that.
Nothing like an old fashion tug of war between mother and daughter and to make it interesting, theyre royalty.  Deravon playful stated.
Merlin looked at him from under his thin eyebrows.  
This is serious Deravon.  Eli wanted nothing more than to kick him out of the room.  
Eli is right. This whole thing is serious and I know everyone here is after the same goal.  Merlin glanced over them meeting everyone in the eye.  Elijah and I will stay here and secure the portal.  Once the Everspell is safe in the Glass Room, everyone will go with Casperina and she will take you safely to and from the portal.  Does everyone understand?
Everyone in unison agreed and then scattered to prepare.
Eli.  Zoey caught him just before he went out the door.
She smiled and touched his arm as he stood and looked at her blankly.  A few moments passed as she waited for Deravon to leave who seemed to linger.  
I understandprivate time, Deravon said with a puckering of his lips.  Eli rolled his eyes.
Theres something I want to ask you.  Zoey stated in a slightly formal manner.  Did you take Lyssas diary?
Eli didnt know what she meant at first and then realized after a few seconds that was the book he had taken from her.  Yes, but I didnt know what it was before
How did you know she had one and know where to look?  Zoey suddenly started to quiz him.
I, uhjust found it.  Eli struggled with an on the spot excuse.
No, you couldnt without knowing she had one.  How did you find out Eli, this is important?
Eli looked into her tired, desperate eyes. He didnt want to tell her and no other excuse was coming to him that would be believable. I did a uniting with her.
Zeoys mouth dropped open. You did what? She whispered.


I was trying to find the Everspell.  How was I supposed to find it when you sent me on a wild goose chase wouldnt tell me anything and leave me to rot!  What choice did I have?
Zoeys eyes studied him like flickering lights.  There are always choices.  You could have hurt her!
Eli turned away running his hand through his hair.  She had a mark, I knew she was Fae or a spell maybe
What else did you find out?  Zoey cut him off.
Eli turned to her.  She had her arms wrapped around her herself as if to protect from what he had to say.
I saw glimpses of you and mainly her feelings of lonliness that was the dominate emotion, Eli gently said.  Look, it was apparent to me that she kept all of her valuable things in one place and I saw it in a book.  I thought maybe she was making a spell book.
Wes got a hold of that book.  Zoey gazed at Eli as silence fell between them.
Maybe it will do him some good.  He needs some direction in that area.
Did you read any of it?  Zoey asked ignoring his comment.
Eli shrugged his shoulders.  A little, but I was looking for the Everspell. The girl rambled.  I didnt know it was in her, I didnt know she was a vessel.  I should have caught that in the uniting.
I put a spell over that.  I wanted her protected, Zoey said as Eli turned to her.


Eli looked at Zoey with her gentle appearance and delicate stature.  She didnt fit her looks.  He knew she could be ruthless to get what she wanted, but at the same time there was something hidden just under the surface.
What is it Zoey?  There is something there.  Eli stepped in front of her and gazed into her eyes.
Zoey stepped away walked to the center of Merlins chambers and looked up at the mid-morning sky that filtered through the faceted glass. 
There is somethingsomething you should know, but I cant tell you now.  Please trust me and Ill tell you when the time is right.  Her voice was sincere and like always, he agreed without pressing her for mor information.
She had that way with him and he let her do it.  Eli also knew he wouldnt get any information out of her by forceit would have to be on her terms.
Lyssa

Lyssa looked down at the newly turned earth.  Her eyes stung with tears and hurt from crying.
She tried to save me and now she is gone.  Zoey wrapped her arms around Lyssa tightly.
Lyssa just looked at Gwens grave thinking of all the times she made her dresses and costumes.  Gwen was the constant in her life, an unmovable rock that would always be there weathering no matter what and now, she was gone.
Its my fault, I shouldnt have gone outside and she wouldnt be gone.  Lyssa felt the cool wind blow against her in the quiet cemetery.
She did it for you Lyssa.  She loved you very much and would do it a thousand more times if she had to.  Zoeys words were soft and gentle.
I never got to tell her everything I wanted to tell her.  I never said-I love you.  Lyssa could hardly choke her words out.
Zoey and Lyssa stood in silence when footsteps came behind them.
You never had to say a word Lyssa, Gwen already knew that and that is all that matters.  Sean said as he propped himself on his cane.
Lyssa went over and wrapped her arms around him.  Sean embraced her gently kissing her on the head.  You always made her proud.
Lyssa looked up at Sean.  His skin was pale and for the first time looked weak.  He smiled at her causing his scar to deepen.  They stood in silence together as the gathering grey clouds blocked out the blue sky.
A light sprinkle of rain forced them inside where Zoey took Sean up to his room and began to put a wrap on his leg that looked raw.
I used to heal better than this, Sean regretfully said as Lyssa helped Zoey by handing her bottles filled with different oils.
It is to be expected from the poison of a Drake, Zoey said as she finished the bandage.  You are strong and very lucky.
Lyssa thought of Dane.  Could he have done this to Sean or was it another Drake.

Zoey and Lyssa left Sean sleeping and instead of going downstairs, Zoey took Lyssa to her room.
 Lyssa I wish we had more time to prepare...more time to be together, but tonight we will be leaving for Avalon.  Zoey sat in front of Lyssa on the bed.
So Ill get to see my dad also, right?  Zoeys gaze didnt look hopeful.
We have to secure the Everspell first.  Once we have that, then we will have some leverage.  Zoey smiled at her.  I want him back as badly as you do.  Zoey gave Lyssa a hug before leaving and told her to rest until they were ready to go.
The last thing Lyssa wanted to do was rest.  If anything it made her even more tired.  She sat in her room that had nothing more than the mere necessities in it; a bed, nightstand and a chair.  Just like the room such was her lifejust necessities.  She wanted something more, something she had never risked or let herself do.
Lyssa jumped off the bed and went outside.  The sun was bright and warm on her shoulders.  She past a few Faes, some just walked and visited with one another while others looked like they were going this way and that carrying baskets and doing whatever duties they had to do.  
 Loud cheers and voices caught Lyssas attention.  A small group, mostly boys, formed a circle around two other boys play fighting with wooden curved swords.  Lyssa went over to take a look but only saw bits and pieces of the two boys that moved with great agility and gracefulness that only dancers had.  
She strained her neck to have a look when they stopped for a moment.  One boy took his shirt off and caught Lyssas eyes through the shoulders of the tall Faes in front of her.  Her mouth dropped open as Wes met her gaze.  At first he looked surprised, but that faded quickly and was replaced by gloating smile.
What does he think, I am watching him?  Lyssas innocent on look didnt look so innocent.  She tromped off not giving him the satisfaction of her innocent curiosity that looked more like suspicious attraction.  She left the crowd of boys to find a quiet place to be alone.
Lyssa then found herself in the orchard.  She thought of Toby just about kissing her.  Just about, thats what it always seems.  
The trees were ripe with fruit.  Apples, plums and even a few grape vines graced the open land surrounded by the forest in the distance.  Lyssa stopped and picked an apple from a tree.  Her thoughts turned to Gwen.
They would always go in the fall to an orchard where you picked your own apples.  They would take them home eat them with caramel or bake them.  The memory made her smile slightly, but the memory couldnt fill the hole she felt inside of her.
A laugh broke the silence.  Lyssa looked around to see movement a few rows away from her.  She stood silently watching.
 I told you to catch the bag not me.  A girls laughing voice echoed through the trees.
I couldnt let you fallagain.  A very familiar voice replied.
Lyssa was sure it was Toby and pushed herself through the trees closer to them.  They laughed and made small talk as she came up behind them.
A girl with dark hair stood in the crook of a tree limb with a basket hanging from her side as Toby looked up at her with his back to Lyssa.
Are you just about at the top?  Toby asked as he turned his head and met Lyssas eyes.
Lyssa, he said almost startled as he walked towards her.
Here, the girl said tumbling to the ground and landing like a cat.  Toby.  Her voice questioned when he wasnt there to catch her.
Whats going on?  He asked with his back to the girl.
Not much, just out for a walk, Lyssa said with crossed arms as her eyes darted between Toby and the girl.
The girl came up beside Toby with a few leaves stuck in her long dark hair. She was tall, but not as tall as Toby.  She stood beside him and to Lyssa they looked like the perfect couple.  She then smiled at Lyssa.  

Lyssa, is it?  She said.  My name is Lizzi and we havent been introduced, but Ive seen a lot of you from scrying.
Lizzi extended her hand.  It is so nice to meet you personally. 

Lyssa hesitated, then shook Lizzis hand and couldnt stop looking into her bright blue eyes.  Scrying?  You mean you were watching me?
Oh, not like that.  Im sorry sometimes I dont explain myself very well.  I was watching you for Zoey through a scrying bowl.  That is until you got here and Im glad you are.  Her smile was warm.  Well, the apples wont pick themselves.  She looked at Toby.
Lyssa, do you want to help?  Toby asked.
Lyssa felt like Wess wooden sword had been stuck through her stomach as she tried to compose herself.
No, Im a little tired.  I think I will go inside.  Lyssa turned quickly hoping Toby would come after her, but he didnt.
Toby

The sun was past the noon mark as Toby watched from a distance several Faes practicing with their swords, shooting arrows and throwing silver disks like the one Wes almost got him with.  He was alone now, Lizzi had gone in to do her duties and then she had to practice as well.  She offered to show him a few things later in her free time.  But what Toby wondered is where Lyssa was.  He hadnt seen her since earlier that day in the orchard.  
Suddenly, he heard Craigs voice in the distance.  He was yelling and cheering at something.  Toby walked past the orchard to a small open area of grass fenced in by crooked tree limbs.  He had hardly talked to Craig since they got here and felt bad for neglecting him.
Toby watched Craig throw a stick in the air to have the wooly beast that brought them here go and fetch it.  The creature in his massive size had a childlike quality to him and only amplified through his jumping up and down and eagerly waiting for Craig to throw the stick again.
Craig then turned to see Toby sitting on the fence.  He came over as he threw the stick a little farther away so the Mog would have to go and get it.
Is he your pet now?  Toby asked.
Craig shrugged his shoulders.  He needed someone too.  I named him Mike.  
Mike, how did you come up with that name?  Toby asked slightly laughing at the Mog named Mike.
That was a name of one of my moms boyfriends that I really liked.  So I named him Mike.
The Mog came to him jumping up and down as Craig told him several times to sit until the furry creature listened.
So whats going on?  They dont tell me anything here.  Craigs voice was distant.
Toby told him about how they tried to get the Everspell out of Lyssa, but couldnt and now they were going to Avalon soon to the Glass Room.  He told him about Drake that had saved Lyssa from the Muse brothers and about the oracle Lizzi took him to.  
Craig listened to every detail as the Mog looked at Toby with his large eyes as if listening too.
Avalon, not a good place, the Mog said in his husky voice.
Why is that Mike?  Craig asked as Toby still had a hard time fitting that name with the Mog.
 Many Mogs died there.  We were hunted and had to fight back. Faes wanted us for magic. Most of us never made it back.  Mikes large eyes looked down towards the ground.
Craig got off the fence and rubbed behind the Mogs ears.  It made a satisfying groan.
But I am with you now.  I have been spared.  The Mog got up and darted into the forest.
Wheres he going?  Toby asked.
He just runs around and then comes back.  Kind of like a dog does.  Craig stood gazing into the distance.  You know the longer Im here the more I forget about home.  Ever since Lizzi talked to me about my life back there and the possibilities here, I keep finding myself wanting to stay here more and more.
I know what you mean, I do too.  Toby suddenly thought of Lizzi the way she laughed.  He then shook the feeling away.

So your dad is a powerful Fae.  Did you get a name or anything?  Craig asked turning to him.
No, that was all she told me.  Time has erased the rest.  Toby jumped down from the fence.  Im going to find whatever I can on my past and my father as well.  I cant let this go, no matter what they try to do to us here, Im not going back until I do.  
Craig didnt reply only stood beside Toby watching Mike the Mog charge up the hill not stopping until he reached them.  The Mog towered over them and then slowly bent over allowing someone to slide off his furry back.  Lizzi jumped down like a spring and smiled.
You know you shouldnt let your Mog just run around as he wills.  You should keep an eye on him better.  Lizzi looked at Craig.  He ran through the laundry area and made sort of a mess.
Craig looked at the Mog who shrugged his shoulders and looked at Craig with his enormous eyes.  
Sorry, I didnt know he would do that.  Craig walked up to the beast.  Mike you have to stay close to me and listen or they will throw you out into the forest.  Understand.
Mike understands, he said in a low voice.
We should go in.  Wes told me that the portal is ready and Lyssa will be leaving in only a couple of hours, Lizzi said with her eyes on Toby.
Are you going too?  Toby asked.
No.  Lizzi looked at the ground in almost a hurt voice.  They may need me to scry latter.  Elijah and Merlin are going to secure the portal.  Lizzi lifted her blue eyes and looked at Craig and Toby.  Something doesnt feel right though.
Like what?  Craig asked standing beside Mike.
Lizzi looked away and shook her head.  I dont know.  But, something isnt right, its too easy.  That is why I need your guys help.  We need to have another plan because Merlin is just shaking off my weird feeling.
I take it youre not involving Merlin or Elijah or anyone else.  Toby asked.
Lizzi smiled at him.  No, she replied.  Its getting late, lets go in and see what we can cook up.
Lizzi went ahead of Craig and Toby who only gave each other an unsettled look.
I dont like secret plans.  They usually end up disastrous, Craig said gently tugging on Mike to join them.
Eli

How many palm scepters do you think we should take?  Deravon asked holding one in his hand.
Im taking four.  You never know what we might encounter and hopefully we wont even need them, Zoey said dressed in grey pants that were tight and a long sweater that swirled around her delicate curves.  Especially, since we wont be wearing glamour suits.  Its a good idea that we blend in, but I still dont like being totally unprotected.

Eli couldnt help but noticed how much color had returned to her face and how happy she looked, like she was really going on a trip.  
Youre right.  But, I do have to say I feel much more comfortable at killing anything in these wonderful clothes that Casperina got for us.  And I like the idea of going as rich Fae.  That girl is alright, Deravon said as he looked at himself in the mirror.  Eli on the other hand felt ridiculous.  You need to relax and look more Deravon looked up at the ceiling as if trying to find the right word.  Touristy.  
Thats because I am not a tourist and we are on an important mission.  Eli stood in his long brown traveling coat that had many pockets and pants loose around his legs.
But look, your coat has so many pockets to carry all sorts of weapons to make you feel better.  Deravon playfully encouraged him.  
Eli gave a gruff as Zoey laughed at them.
We have to do it this way.  If we were to walk the streets in our glamour suits with blades drawn, we would certainly attract every sentry not to mention Orzan.
Just the sound of his name seemed to chill the air.
Arent you ready yet?  Wes asked with his hands in the pockets of his gray green traveling coat.  Im posing as the young prince of my own kingdom and extending my influence of different cultures by visiting Avalon.  What are your guys stories?
To take Lyssa to the Glass Room, get the Everspell safely there and then return here in hopes that things will sway in our favor, Eli said nearly pouncing on Wes.
You know a story would be a good idea, I mean if we get caught or asked something.  We need to sound believable.  Deravon suggested.
We are from Iethia and Eli here is my husband and you are my brother and Wes and Lyssa are our children, Zoey said looking at each of them.  How is that for a story?  
Bravo, sister, Deravon said as she smiled then left with Deravon applauding her.
I still like the prince ideagirls like that!  Wes said running after her his words echoing down hallway.
Merlins chamber was dimly lit.  Silently they gathered and gazed at the portal in the middle of the room.  It was constructed out of gathered curving twigs and vines some with the leaves still on them dried up from lack of water.  But something about it still seemed alive.

Merlin stood in front of it like a painter to his masterpiece.  He ran his fingers over the silver liquid like surface.  It rippled upon his touch.  Even though it was mirror like, it didnt give hardly a clear reflection like the ones Eli had seen before.  He began to question the competence of Merlins portal making.
Elijah stood behind the portal, quietly in the shadows as Merlin continued to wave his hand over the surface until it was mirror like.  Eli was now impressed.
Merlin turned to them.  This has been long time in the making.  He looked at each of them.  Dont mess it up.  His eyes settled on Eli.

Eli straightened and felt slightly insulted thinking the last comment was meant for him.
The portal began to hum slightly and Eli could see everyones reflection in the portal mirror.  Deravon with his striking dark hair smiled roguishly, Wes tilted his head with an arrogant look on his face and Zoey with her soft waves of gold red hair and dressed in civilian clothes looked like the Fae he had fallen in love with.
We have to wait for Casperinia to be on the other side, Merlin said.
Well in that case it may take a while.  Royalty comes when royalty is ready.  Deravon stepped away and leaned on the wall.
Someone needs to go and get Lyssa and Lizzi as well.  Elijah commanded.
Ill go get them.  Wes volunteered and quickly went out the door.
Eli stood watching Zoeys reflection in the portal as she rechecked her weapon hidden inside her wool cape.  She didnt notice his stare, but Elijah did and only grinned before turning away.
Lyssa

Lyssa stood in complete darkness.  She couldnt even see her hand in front of her face as she slowly stepped forwards.  The air was cool and the ground was slippery.  She hollered out only to be answered by her own echo.  Everything was casted in an eerie silence.
Lyssa, A distant voice then called out.
She stood still as it called to her again.  The voice sounded familiar. 
Dad?  She questioned it.
Yes.  Come save me!  His voice strained.  Lyssa!  
Dad!  Im coming!  
Lyssa didnt care what was in front of her, she was going to follow her dads echoing voice.  The ground was smooth and slick.  Suddenly, the ground cracked under her feet and shifted.  Her feet were soaked with cold water.  She fell feeling the coldness of the water go through her clothes to her skin.  She struggled to grab something to pull herself from the watery abyss that now had her in waist deep water with as she stood on the submerged piece of ice.  The sheets of ice slipped from her fingers when suddenly something grabbed her arm.
Lyssa!  A voice cried in the distance.
Her eyes popped open to a dim light and Wes staring back at her.
Still in her watery dream she tried to focus and bring herself back from it.  She got up and ran her fingers through her hair ignoring Wes.  She closed her eyes still hearing the sound of her fathers voice.
Lyssa are you alright?  Wess voice sounded concerned.  
Lyssa turned to him as Lizzi, Toby and Craig followed by a large hairy creature with big eyes busted into the room.
Good, youre not gone yet, Lizzi said stepping in front of Wes.  
Lizzi smiled at her and gently placed her hand on her shoulder.  I know you dont know me very well and I wish we had more time, but we dont.  Like I said before, Ive seen a lot of you and feel like I kind of know you at least from a distance and I am going to ask you to trust me.  Lizzi paused as Lyssa shook her head.  I have  Lizzi looked up trying to find the right word.  I have these feelings when something isnt right and I am having one about this portal.
What do you mean Lizzi?  Wes interrupted.
Lizzi glanced over at him.
I dont know exactly, but Lyssa you need to take this.  Lizzi opened her hand to reveal a slender silver tube pointed at one end.  Its the Razor Wand of Nerabeth.  She was a warrior a long time ago and not only does it hold magic it acts as a weapon as well.
Lyssa took the wand and looked at it.  It was light in her hand and cool to her touch.  She looked back up at Lizzi who smiled at her.
What is she going to do with that?  Shes just  Wes was stumped for words as he looked at her.  Lyssa glared at him in a warning as he slightly smiled and shrugged his shoulders.
Wes you know my feelings are true.  Lizzis eyes were steady on him.  Then trust me.  
Lizzi turned to Wes touching him gently on the hand.  Wess face turned slightly white as he looked down at the ground.
I know youre right.  He finally replied.  And we need to go-the portal is ready.
Lyssa glanced at him then over at Toby and Craig.  Wes paused for a moment and then left as Lizzi prompted for them to follow.
Are you coming too?  Lyssa asked Toby walking beside her.
No, I have to stay here. His voice sounded regretful.  They wouldnt let me go.  His hand slid into hers as his fingers laced with his.
Toby stopped at the end of the hallway leading to Merlins chambers.  Lyssa looked up at him as Craig and the wooly beast stood beside them.
Lizzi had a feeling something wasnt right and I believe her.  I want you safe Lyssa.  Toby was so close she could feel the heat from his body and the softness of his voice.
Craig then cleared his throat.  You know I am standing here.  He glanced at Toby then at Lyssa.
Sorry, Lyssa said shrugging her shoulders.
Craig looked at her steadily with his blue eyes.  No, Im sorry.  I didnt realize how rude I was to you all those years.
Lyssa smiled at his sincere words.  Toby caught her by her chin tilting her head upward and brushing his lips across hers.  Lyssa was surprised, especially with craig looking on, but she didnt care, she was going to kiss Toby.
The portal isnt going to wait.  Wess voice pierced through the anticipated kiss like a hot knife.

Toby jerked away as Lyssas eyes flashed to Wes standing outside the door.  She looked back up at Toby as he gave her a gentle kiss on the cheek and lingered for only a moment as a promise for a better kiss when she returned.
Lizzi gave Lyssa a holster to put the wand in and told her to keep it secret, which she didnt feel was the thing to do, but was convinced by Tobys words as he slowly unlaced his fingers from hers.
Lyssa stood with Wes behind her as the door slowly went shut separating their stare and only then did she turn to see the mirror like portal surrounded in intertwined vines.
Zoey stood beside Lyssa and Wes on the other side.  He looked at her for only a moment and then back at Merlin.
Merlin stood on one side of the portal and Elijah on the other.  The portal began to hum like a hundred angry bees waiting to attack anything that came close.  Merlin nodded at Zoey as she glanced at Lyssa and smiled.
Here we go.  Stay close, Zoey whispered.
They stepped up to the portal and its glow intensified until all Lyssa could see was a blinding light.  Her eyes didnt hurt and she could feel Zoey beside her and now Wess arm interlinked with her.  She didnt know why he had to stand beside her as Eli and Deravon walked behind them.
Suddenly, the light and weightlessness faded.  Lyssa stood looking at a girl who sat on an elaborate canopy bed.  Her legs were crossed with one foot swaying back and forth.  She had long blonde hair with a bored and slightly agitated look on her face.
 Its about time.  I thought Merlin was some great master of portals.  It certainly took him long enough.  The girl got up and walked over to them.  
She stood with crossed arms and then looked at Lyssa with her icy blue eyes.  Her head wobbled in amusement to Lyssa.  The girls wavy and perfect blonde hair, blue eyes so cold and her perfect figure reminded Lyssa of Megan.
Megan?  Lyssa softly asked.
Its melooser.  Her voice still had that venom touch to it.
Look I want to make this quick.  Megan rolled her eyes and looked at Zoey.
Youre right we do have to hurry.  Zoey looked down at Lyssa.
Are we in the Etherworld?  I mean Megan you 
Im not who you thought I was.  If it wasnt for you I would have the perfect life not here with my duties and shit to do.  Megan still had the same attitude.
What about me?  Wes chimed in.  And all of those nights were just nothing.  He smiled at her as he went to kiss her hand.  Lyssa thought she was going to throw up.
Look, we need to conduct business here before someone finds us Casperinia, Eli said stepping forward and pushing Wes away from Megan.
Megans eyes flared up like flames.
First of all, my name is Megan, not Casperinia.  Megans mouth curled up like she could have spit flames out.
Eli waved his hands in front of him.  Fine, my apologies.  But please take us to the portal that leads to the museum.
Megan smiled.  You know I wouldnt be doing this if one day it wouldnt piss off my mother.  Her voice had a mischievious giddiness to it.
And thats what I like about you,  Wes said as she led them out her door into a darkened hallway.
Chapter Sixteen

Eli

Megan as Eli knows now to call Casperina, led them to a large study with a hidden door that opened to a spiral staircase.  In a tower overlooking the rich green lawns of Sidhe Hills was the small portal that led to the Museum.  
The portal goes right into the jewels room and in a box there is the key that will open the Glass Room, Megan said in a low voice.  Do your thing and then come back through the same portal.  Any other portal is monitored.
And what about mother?  Is she out tonight?  Deravon asked.
Megans eyes flickered.  Shes at a party tonight.  You should have plenty of time before she puts the pieces she is wearing back.  Oh, and the security sentry goes by every hour.
Megan stood aside as each of them passed through the portal single file.  Eli and Deavon were first as Zoey stayed close to Lyssa and Wes brought up the rear and managed to flirt with the Banshee as the portal closed behind them.
Eli glared at Wes who smiled back at him.  
The room was U shaped with a large glass window in front of them.  The portal was concealed behind a heavy velvet curtain and Eli remembered that its rumor of existence was always in the news.  He never paid that much attention to it until now. 
 The glory of all the jewels sparkled in the light that flooded them.  Necklaces, earrings, bracelets, crowns and rings blanketed the three tiered shelf.  
I think I am going to cry.  Deravon exclaimed.
Over here, theres the box.  Zoey pointed at a silver box adorned with swirling designs and symbols that only Banshees know.
Wes reached up and grabbed it.  Eli snatched it from him and opened it.  The box was empty only the blue liner stared back at him.
Empty, he said showing it to Zoey.
It cant be.  Was this a trick?  Zoeys whispered her words as streams of light came from outside the glass.
Everyone went behind the curtain as Eli held his breath and listened.
Its good to see you again Deravon.  A voice came from behind the glass.
It is good to see you.  They have me working the night shift again, but I do miss meeting the patrons, Deravon replied.
Eli could feel his insides burn at Deravons recklessness.
I hear theres a party tonight?  The Banshee Queen throwing one of her galas again?
Yes, over at the Muse Pavilion, wait I thought they fired you here.  The voice grew with uncertainty.
Well, yes you are right, Deravon calmly replied as a great commotion came through the other side of the glass.
Eli, Zoey and Wes jumped out to see Deravon tying up the guard to a bronze statue of the last Banshee King.
What are you doing?  Eli walked over grabbing Deravon on the shoulder.
I am binding my fellow ex co-worker so he doesnt go and tell on us, Deravon replied angering Eli.
You couldve gotten us caught, Eli said inches from Deravons face.
But I didnt.  Deravon smiled at Eli.  The queen always wears the key to charity balls and my friend here just told us where that event is. 
How do you know?  Eli grabbed Deravon by the arm.
Dont your read anything of importance?  Dont answer that, of course you dont.  Deravon shook his head.  The key is a symbol of hope.
Lets get out of here before we attract any more attention, Wes said walking past them.
Quietly they went to the basement of the museum.  Deavon still remembered all of the security codes to let them pass undetected and out into the darkness.  
They were in an alley way behind the museum where delivery trucks could unload and load relics to be displayed.  The alley was much neater than most as they were in the high traffic area of Avalon.  Eli could see the lights of Moor Avenue.  The tall iconic glass buildings graced this popular street.  Many major businesses of Avalon were run from the tall buildings he could see from the darkness of the alley.
Muse Pavilion is five blocks from here in Crane Park.  How are we going to get there without being stopped?  The security was always tight here, especially at night, Wes said to Zoey.
We go through Duegar District.  Eli looked at Wes.  You are familiar with it arent you?
Yes, but we will stand out like pearls in horse droppings, Wes replied.
Deravon began to laugh.
It isnt funny Deravon and to be honest, Ive about all I can take from you.  Eli pulled his scepter out.
Dont hurt yourself there.  Deravon continued to tease.
Eli knew he wasnt going to do anything, but hoped to make a statement, which wasnt working.
Both of you stop.  Zoey stood between them.  We cant go through Duegar.  There is too much of a risk.  Zoey took a deep breath and looked at the glass buildings for a moment.  We will get there the shortest way possible.

But well be out in the open, Eli said.  The Muses will have an easy target that way.
Theyre expecting us to be sneaky and sometimes the best way to be hidden is in plain sight.  Zoey gave Eli a small smile.  Besides, he will be at the ball, he always had a fascination with the Banshee Queen and he would never expect us to show up.
Thats what I likesurprises, Deravon said placing a palm scepter discreetly in his hand with a smile.
The bright streets made Eli feel uncomfortable, like he was in a spotlight.  They passed a few Faes going this way and that.  Eli watched them all with suspicion.  He didnt like this plan of execution and wanted to say something.
Eli looked over at Zoey who hung close to Lyssa.  She pointed at the large buildings explaining them to her.  She looked like she was a real tourist and not on a mission.  Eli began to wonder if she had lost sight of everything they risked.
They turned down Vine Avenue which led to the town houses of the Faes that worked nearby on Moor Street.  The community was well lit and pleasant with the colorful homes all in one continuous line and landscaped with what little yard they had.  Bright orillions graced the wreath laden doors and even along the steps leading to them.  Eli always like it here and often fantasized about him and Zoey living here one day and starting a family.  
He looked at Zoey with her gold copper hair flickering in the light and the way she hung close to Lyssa almost made them look like a real family.  Except for Wes and Deravon they looked more like the unwanted family members they got stuck with.  
The series of cookie cutter two story houses faded into a wooded area that acted as cushion between Vine Street and Duegar District.  It had tall trees with weeping, dangling limbs that made an umbrella over them.  They had passed a few Fae on Vine Street and no one spoke or even gave them a second glance.  Eli still felt on edge and ran his finger over the corner of his palm scepter.
His eyes scanned the area.  The welcoming lights of Vine Street had faded and an eerie wilderness now surrounded them.  Eli examined every shadow lagging behind.  The air had an odor to it he couldnt place and the silence was too silent almost like it was a poison that consumed all around it.
A whooshing sound curled over his head.  Eli froze expelling his palm scepter.  Everyone stopped and looked up and at him.
What are you doing?  Wes said just as several large, dark shadows dropped overhead and landed like rotten apples scattered beside them.
Landmerrows!  Eli yelled slicing at one.
The dark blobs soon grew in size and gained several appendages with sharp tips.  They were agile too, rolling themselves up into a ball and exploding in size as they uncurled.  No sooner were they in front of Eli then they rolled behind him.  Eli had now expelled two palm scepters and began to blindly slice at the creatures.  
Eli was so busy fending off the creatures he hardly noticed anyone around him.  He looked for Zoey, taking his guard down for a moment cost him a nasty gash from a Landmerrow.  Eli yelled and turned to decapitate the yellow eyed Landmerrow.  
The Landmerrows came at them less and less until they stood in a stench of blood, ichor and silence.  Elis trained eyes scanned the landscape until Zoeys cry broke his trance.
Deravon knelt on the ground cradling Zoeys head.
Eli.!  Deravon yelled as if he had been calling his name over and over.
Eli fell to the ground kneeling in a pool of slime and looked down at Zoeys white face.  Deravon had a hand orilion that he shoved into Elis hand.  Eli could only stare into her eyes as she looked at him.
Deravon pulled at Zoeys clothing and removed a broken claw from her side.  Blood poured out and he quickly pressed a piece of torn cloth next to it.
We have to get back to Arinia.  He tried to keep his voice calm.  We have to get back to the portal.
If only I had some healing dust, Eli said as Zoey reached her hand to his.
Healing dust or the portal wont save me now.  Zoeys eyes stayed focused on Eli.  I sent Lyssa with Wes, you have to go after them and help Lyssa.
Lift her up and I can carry her, Deravon said ignoring Zoey.
No!  Zoey yelled with all of her strength.  I am not going to make it.  Her words were surrounded in silence as Deravon and Eli looked at her.

You have to protect Lyssa.  Zoeys face curled in pain.  Wes cant manage on his own.  And the Muses have more than one ally; this was just a small fraction of what they can do.
Zoey, Deravon whispered as he brushed the hair from her face.  She smiled at him and then looked at Eli
The only thing Eli was focused on was Zoey as everything around him begun to spin.  He felt her squeeze his hand and he returned the squeeze.  Zoey then smiled at him.  Color returned to her cheeks and that undying sparkle filled her eyes.  
Eli looked at her in amazement. The scenery changed around them and suddenly, Eli found himself standing in front of Zoey surrounded by flowers.
What are wedead?  Eli felt a laugh bubble inside of him that he hadnt felt for so long.  Zoey you are better and lookbeautiful.  Eli let the word out slowly to savor it.
She smiled at him holding both of his hands.
I am deadyoure not.  Zoeys words stung him.  You have to go on to protect Lyssa for me.
Eli looked at her crushed with the thought of losing her.  
But if I am here then I must be dead too.  Eli tried to reason.
Zoey shook her head.  Do you remember the Gardens of Avalon...that night we hid in them?
How could he forget?  Many times that night had kept him going.  That was the night Zoey professed her love to him.

I remember.  Eli finally answered.  Is that where we are now or in a dream?  Eli asked thinking of the dream he had several weeks ago.  
I gave you something in those gardens you never knew about, Zoey said drawing closer to him.  I gave you a child, I gave you Lyssa.
Eli stood frozen, his skin prickled until it was numb.  He felt angered at Zoey for not telling him.
Lyssa, Eli barely whispered her name.
Suddenly Zoey let go and stepped away from him.  Protect her Eli, protect our daughter and rememberI always loved you.  
Eli reached out for her, but only grabbed onto a mist of her image that dissolved before him.  He called out her name over and over.  Curled on the ground he suddenly felt his body ache physically and even more so spiritually.  Zoey was gone.  Eli screamed out, Zoey had gone to a place he could not follow.  
Lyssa

Wes squeezed Lyssas wrist so hard she felt her fingers go numb.  She thought of Zoey as she tried to repress tears.  The maze of low tree limbs and underbrush seemed like a blur to her.  She didnt want to leave Zoeys side and even less-be alone with Wes.  
She looked back every so often to see if there was a glimpse of Zoey behind them and listen for her to call her name.  There was only darkness.
Stop doing that.  Wes hissed tugging on her arm.
Lyssa jerked her arm back and stood still.
Im seeing if Zoey is coming,  Lyssa said in a calm tone.
Wes gave a huff.  You idiot.  Didnt you see those things back there?  Those nasty little things are Landmerrows and I cant fight them off by myself.  Zoey said for me to take you.  Wes peered down at her.
Lyssa didnt reply she only thought of Zoey and something inside of her didnt feel right.  She peered into the darkness looking away from Wes.
Look, sorry I called you an idiot.  Dont cry.  Wess voice suddenly turned sympathetic.
Lyssa slowly turned.  Im not crying and I really dont care what you think of me.
Wes had a surprised shocked look on his face, like a girl had never said this to him before.
What if Zoey is hurt?  We should go back.  Lyssa had other concerns than Wes right now and hoped she would hear them coming any second.
We cant take that chance.  We are just about at the Pavilion.  Wess voice still had a lingering shock to it.
Lyssa felt a pang of something not right in her.  Zoey should had come by now.  Lyssa couldnt stand it anymore and pulled away from Wes.  She ran into the tangled limbs with Wes cursing behind her.  Lyssa was no running match for Wes and he quickly caught her shoving her to the ground.
Lyssa felt his weight on her and his strength as he lifted her from the mellow ground.
Now I am going to call you an idiot and mean it this time, Wes said with leaves stuck to him.  Zoey said I am your protector now and you will listen to me.
Lyssa stared at him.  You are not my protector and you wont tell me what to do!  Lyssas words slightly echoed through the trees.
She took a step past Wes when a pain ran through her right ankle.  She caught herself and cursed at her ankle.  Before she could look at it, Wes had her on the ground examining it.
Its just twisted, probably caused from you running away.  His words were scolding towards Lyssa.  
More like when you tackled me.  Lyssa cringed slightly through the darkness as he wrapped it tightly with a piece of cloth.  Its fine, leave it alone.  
Lyssa got up and her ankle throbbed, but she didnt let Wes know and pushed him away when he offered to let her ride on his back.
She kept looking behind her until the sound of sweet music filled the air.  Yellow lights flickered on tall slender poles lining several pathways.  Wes crouched behind the thick, thorny underbrush and gazed at the large block stone building with tall trees, fountains and sculpted gardens all around it.  
Lyssa could see many Faes all dressed in sparkling, flowing dresses and their hair adorned with glittering stones.  It looked like something out of a fairytale ball.  She could hear the voices echo with laughter as the music played nonstop.
The Muses sure know how to throw a party.  Wess eyes pierce the crowd in front of them.  It looks like an all nighter.
Shouldnt Zoey and the rest of them be here by now?  Lyssa craned her neck to look behind them into the darkness.
Get down!  Wes hissed jerking her to her knees.  We have a job to do and Zoey can take care of herself.  
Lyssa felt like she wanted to cry and pushed the lump that was forming in her throat down.  Wes gazed at her for a moment as she darted her eyes at him and pushed her chin upwards.
Wes snickered in amusement as he continued to scan the sea of Faes below them.  
Keyes to enter dark places, Wes said under his breath.  Never are they in expected places.
What did you say?  Lyssa recognized her poem right away.  Her insides began to burn.  Look, you read my diary, that is an invasion of privacy, but dont rub it in by quoting from it.  Lyssa wanted to smack Wes.
Calm down.  Wes burrowed his eyes.  Im not trying to woo you; something about that poem means something.  I think its a clue. 
Footsteps came from the darkness behind them.  Wes quickly pushed Lyssa behind him and quietly expelled a palm scepter.  Slowly a faint light flickered through the tree branches until a tall, slender silhouette stood before them.
Wes?  A female voice questioned.  Is that you hiding in the bushes?  Didnt you get an invite or are you going to sneak in?  She giggled slightly as Wes discretely put away his scepter.
Lyssa peeked from behind Wes to see a blonde haired girl with an almost liquid like blue dress covering her curvy body.  An orillion dangled on a silver chain from her delicate hand.  Her sapphire eyes suddenly fell on Lyssa.
Oh, I see you have a date.  But I see only one, dont you still like pairs or dont you have enough of you to go around anymore?  Her voice was playful with a tinged of mischief to it.
It seems I have lost my invite and was hoping to meet a pretty girl to escort me in.  Wes was like a peacock slowly fanning his bright and very gaudy feathers.  Nessa it is so good to see you again.  He gently kissed her on the hand.
Well in that case I would be honored.  The girl stepped forward and then looked down at Lyssa.  What about youre little raggedy girl over there?
Wes glanced back at Lyssa.  She crossed her arms and glared at him.
She evidently isnt in to parties orwell anything where you have to use too many social skills.  Wes shrugged his shoulder in an empathic way.
Lyssa combined a huff and a growl in anger and disgust towards Wess arrogance.
 See.  Wes looked back at Nessa who only tilted her head to the side uninterested in Lyssa.
In that case, Wes, I would be honored for you to escort me.  She held her hand up for Wes to take.
Wes smiled at her and then bent down to Lyssa.
Stay here and I will be back.  His eyes filled with seriousness as he dropped a palm scepter discreetly on her lap.  Soon,  he whispered.
Lyssa listened to them laugh together as they walked down the hill to the lavish party.  She then looked at the metallic disk in her palm.  Zoey told her about palm scepters and even though she had one, she didnt know how to use it.
Lyssa sat and peered through the branches at the party below.  She tried to find Wes, but lost him to the sea of people.  The music echoed through the forest along with the many voices.  She tried to make out some of the conversations, but the voices seemed to intertwine with one another into one.  
Lyssa.  A voice as soft as a summer wind surrounded her.
She held her breath; it was just a figment of her imagination.  Then, it came again this time louder and stronger.
Zoey,  Lyssa said as loudly as she felt safe.  She looked all around her.
Lyssa, its me.  The voice formed into a male voice, it was unmistakably her dad.
Dad, where are you?  Lyssa slowly stood up and looked around.  
 Come closer.  His voice came from the shadows of the forest.  The Muses, they had me and I escapedLyssa, Im hurt, come help me.
Lyssa jolted into the darkness with the laughter, music slowly fading behind her along with Wes.  She called out her dads name again with no reply until suddenly a beam of light exploded in front of her.  Nearly blinded she stopped dead in her tracks.  
Lyssa, Her dads voice said.  I have been looking for you.  You shouldnt have left my home.  The voice that started as her dads slowly turned into the deeper voice that was Orzans.
Where is my dad?  Lyssa looked at the dark caped figure.  She felt fear blossom in her, but wasnt going to back down when she felt the palm scepter in her hand.  If only Zoey couldve shown her how to use it.
I am right here in front of you.  He bent down smiling at her as the light caught the sharp angles of his face.  I really do wish you wouldnt have left my home.  There is so much I want to show you.
Orzan lifted his arm like a wing and tried to wrap Lyssa in his cape when suddenly, she flipped her hand and from it extended a silver blade no lighter than a feather.  Lyssa didnt even have time to swing it when Orzan grabbed her wrist throwing the scepter from her hand.
You shouldnt play with sharp things, you might cut yourself.  Orzans words were cool but not filled with anger.
Lyssa jerked her hand away from him.  She felt her skin burn and thought of running and calling for Wes, but she knew she would never make it.  She had to be cunning.
Dont fear me daughter, I have no intention of any harm.  Orzan stepped back slightly.  
Then why are you trying to kill me?  Lyssa didnt let her eyes leave his.
Kill you?  Orzans voice had a humorous disbelief to it.  I wasnt trying to kill you.  I am trying to protect you.  There are many who want what you have that are not properly experienced enough with magic as I am.  He stepped closer and smiled down at her.  You hold the key Lyssa to a door that has been closed for too long.  There is no other that cares for this world and can manage it for the endless years to come.  When this world was created there were flaws to it that should have been taken care, but they werent.  The Everspell is my only way to create the perfect Fae society.
Lyssa knew she had to do something and fast.  She had no other weapon and she wasnt sure if another weapon would even help her.  Then she remembered the wand that Lizzi had given her.
The Everspell isnt in me anymore.  Lyssa boldly stated.  Orzans eyes flickered.  Its in here.  Lyssa held up the slender wand in front of Orzan.
Impossible, he said under his breath.  What do you think?  I am a fool.
Its true, Zoey took it out of me and put it in here. I am the only one who knows the word to command it.  Lyssa made up and tried to sound convincing as she went along.  You can have it when you give me my father back.  Lyssa slipped it back in its holster.
Orzan looked at her and smiled.  If it isnt in you, then why are you still alive? He laughed with amusement, grabbed Lyssas wrist tightly and thrust them both through the blinding light of the portal. 
Toby

Zoey!  Lizzi cried out with her face inches from the scrying bowl.  Shes gone.  Her voice whimpered.
Merlin and Elijah looked at each other, but remained composed as Merlin sat in front of Lizzi on the floor.
What about Lyssa?  Merlins voice was stern.
Lizzi stared into the empty bowl at the scenes she could only see.  Her face dripped with sweat and tears.  Toby watched her as Craig stood beside him.
Separated.  Lizzi grunted out, her face now turning red as she hunched on the floor grasping the clay bowl with her white knuckled hands.  Wes is with Lyssa.
Merlin and Elijah gave a sigh of relief. 
They are at a large buildinga partythe Muses are there.  Lyssa is alone.  Merlin relaxed a little as Lizzi continued to gaze into the bowl.  No.  A light and a man with many faces took her.  Orzan, is dominate the other two have melted.  Lizzis voice grew in calmness and her unblinking eyes stared at unseen images.  Another time and place.  They seek the Everspell, they seek to rule-forever.  A clean society void of any shadow people.  They grow together as onestrongerimmortal.
Lizzi let her grip on the bowl go with relief.  She sat there for a moment taking deep breaths and closed her eyes for a moment.
The Muses seek immortality.  That one has been up there sleeve for some time, I know.  Merlin scratched his chin.  The Everspell will give them the boost they need, he said to Elijah.
With them fused together as one, their power is three fold in one.  Elijahs voice was low.  We need to go through the portal.
Merlins dark eyes for a moment fell on Toby and Craig and for a split second, filled with uncertainty.  He then turned to Elijah and spoke to him quietly when the portal began to brighten and hum with excitement.  
Elijah and Merlin stood back expelling palm scepters and stepped to each side of the portal.  Everyone watched as two figures slowly formed in the misty brightness of the portal.  They looked to almost be glued together.  Toby thought of Orzan and what Lizzi said about the brothers fused together. 
Toby bent down and lifted Lizzi close to him. If it was Orzan she would be in the way. She looked at him in surprise and then slightly smiled as he held her close.  
It is only Deravon and Eli.  Merlin and Elijah put away there palm scepters and helped them through the portal.
He has a cut from a Landmerrow.  I couldnt do anything to stop the poison.  Deravon tried to catch his breath. 
Eli had a pale grey look to him as Elijah took him from Deravon and quickly out of the room.  Merlin then turned to Deravon.
What happened?  His voice was anxiously stern.
We were ambushed by Landmerrows.  Toby looked at Deravon.  Every time he had seen him he always seemed giddy as well as serious, now Deravon had an unnerved element to him.  Zoey is dead.  His voice strained to stay composed.
We know, Lizzi seen fragments of what happened.  Merlin rested a hand on Deravons shoulder.  Lyssa is with Orzan, she was separated from Wes.  Merlins voice was surprisingly calm.  Deravon, I need you to go back and find them, Wes cant do this alone.
Send me.  Lizzi stepped forward with no reply only uncertain looks.  Send me, she repeated.
Lizzi, I need you here.  Merlins words were firm as he pointed to the ground. 
But I can fightjust like Wes and Wes might need me.  Lizzi continued.  
Merlin glanced at her before running his hand over the portal causing it to blacken. 
I am taking Deravon.  The portal is secure.  Merlin guided Deravon to the door.  We dont have much time, especially now.  Lizzi I need your scrying skills to assist me.  Anything else would only hurt.
Merlin shut the door as Lizzi stood there for a moment before she turned around and looked at Toby and Craig.
 Its time for my plan.  Lizzi went over to the portal and looked at the blackened void.
But what about what Merlin said?  I already feel like Im in trouble for just being here and to have our own planI dont want to be responsible for the downfall of some world I never knew existed, Craig said and looked at Toby with crossed arms.
I have seen pieces of what is to come.  They arent the future, but the way things are headed and if I dont do something, then this world will crumble with you in it anyhow.  Lizzi glanced over her shoulder at Craig.
Craig exchanged glances with Toby.
I think we should follow Lizzi, Toby said with an approving smile from Lizzi.
They looked at Craig who shifted from side to side uncomfortably.  
Look, I dont want to make you go, but Lizzi has been right about a lot of things and I know we have no idea of whats out there, but we cant do anything sitting here anyhow.  Toby stepped in front of Craig and looked at him square in the eye.
Craig sighed releasing his crossed arms.  Do I have time to go and get Mike?
Chapter Seventeen
Eli

Please tell me I am dead.  Eli surrounded again by the sweet flowers of the Gardens of Avalon.
He sat on a cold stone bench as the sun dangled brightly in the horizon like a beacon.  The glass buildings framed the blue sky and glistened in the sun like melting icicles.  Then, Zoey dressed in a moss green shirt that only deepened her already green eyes, stepped in front of him smiling.
You dont want to be dead yet.  She told him. I have something else I want you to know that you have to tell everyone.
Eli felt it was no use to compromise on his death anymore and looked up at her as she gently ran her cool fingers over the side of his face. 
Zoey began to tell him about how she had Lyssa and to save her she gave Lyssa to Kearlyn to take to the Etherworld as a deal between them.  Zoey gave Kearlyn safe passage in return Lyssa would be unknown to any Fae and safe in the Etherworld.  
I wished every day that Lyssa would never find out who she was and grow up as an Etherling, Zoey said with her green eyes filled with tears.  I promised myself to never see her again, but I couldnt and when Kearlyn was murdered, I knew I had to step in.  That is when I could see she was a vessel.  When she was fifteen I came and got to know Thomas and Lyssa, then I placed the Everspell in her.  It was like it was meant to be.  Her voice rang with a light amount of joy.  I was to come back and bring her with me to meet you and take the Everspell to the Isle of Stars and protect it there.  Zoey held tightly onto Elis hand.  We were to be a family.
Eli felt regret and betrayed as well as sorrow for Zoey.  Why didnt you just tell me this so much sooner? He looked away.  How could you keep something like this from me?  He gazed at her as she wrinkled her forehead shaking her head. Things may have not come to this.  Eli wanted to scream at her, but he didnt. He felt there was no need to argue now.
Because I didnt want to hurt you.  If the Muses found outthe less of the connection the better.  Zoey removed her hand from his.  Lyssa needs you and your protection.  You need to wake up now.  Lyssa is with Orzan in Sidhe Hills, go to her Eli and save the gift that yo gave me that I will always cherishour daughter.
Zoey leaned over Eli kissed him gently and softly on his lips. There was so much more he wanted to ask and he knew deep down, Zoey truly cared for him. He wanted to linger there, never leave, but the sun grew in brightness encasing everything in a burning white light.
Eli sat straight up with a stinging pain across his back.  He winced at the pain trying to cling to Zoeys face.  He sat there for a moment looking around the stark room that he realized was the Rebels Palace.  
His dream had been very vivid, like it really happened.  Eli didnt want it to be a dream; he wanted it to be real, then he thought of Lyssa.  She was his daughter, the one thing Zoey cherished and he had to save her.
Eli got up and steadied himself.  
Im not going to chase you all over the place only to have to redo your stiches.  Elijah looked down towering over him.
I have to save Lyssa.  Eli tried to contain his nauseating sickness growing in him with the pain intensifying.
Not like that youre not.  Elijah sat Eli back down.
I talked to Zoey she told me Lyssa is with Orzan.  You dont understand, I have to save herfor Zoey!  Eli demanded in a pleading voice.
Elijah only looked at him with sympathetic eyes.  You know you should be dead.  Elijah stated flatly.  You must have something in you thats hard to killkind of like cockroaches.  I suggest you take that gift and rest because it looks like you have just had a date with death.
There was no use in fighting with Elijah, he was by far bigger and Eli didnt want to waste his strength on fighting with him.  Complying with Elijahs request, Eli went back into the bed and waited for him to leave.
Eli sat for a moment giving ample time for the Giant to safely leave.  His eyes grew heavy and soon they were shut.
Darkness surrounded him.  A beating sound filled his ears.  From out of the darkness a woman appeared.  Her hair was black and her skin a warm shade of tan.  She was dressed in white that only amplified her sun kissed skin and smiled at him with white teeth that nearly matched her dress.
Who are you?  Eli asked as she stood with hands folded and relaxed in front of her.
Elsa, I am one of the Fire People and I have come to help you.  Zoey sent me.  Elsas eyes twinkled at him.  
Slowly she walked around him as he watched her.
When you wake up Eli, the poison will be gone and your cuts gone with only a scar as a reminder. You must go to the Black Caves in Sidhe Hills to save her.  Lyssa needs you and she needs you now.
With a puff of smoke Elsa disappeared from his vision.  Hot embers mixed with smoke burned his skin until he woke up screaming.  His legs were twisted in the blankets and sweat poured down his naked back. 
He shut his eyes tightly and then opened them again.  The pain subsided and he felt his strength returned.  Leaping from the bed, he found his shirt put it on and then went discretely to the weapons room.
With several weapons, Eli went up to Merlins chamber, found the portal unguarded and open.  He wondered what had happened that it was left in such a state.  He didnt have time to figure it out.  Cautiously, he entered the portal to find Lyssa. 
Lyssa

Dont you see Lyssa, everything Ive done, prepared for and undying dedication is for the pure survival of us.  Lyssa watched Orzan walk casually with each of his footsteps echoing in the moist air.  Like a light we must grow in strength or die out.  Orzan began to glide his hand over something about waist high that slowly began to glow.  Lyssa recognized them as stalagmites or landtowers as Dane called them.
You know you can do this too.  Your mark is just like mine.  Orzans sly smile made her sick.
Youre not my father.  She stated.  The cave wasnt like the one she was in with Dane; this one had a foul smell and dampness that made her joints ache.
Thats alright if you dont believe, I am not going to make you do anything you dont want to.  But theres something I want you to see.
Orzan raised his hand and above them the pointed dagger like stalactites began to glow.  Lyssa looked at them in awe remembering what Dane had said about them.  You had to have a great deal of power to do that.  Lyssa suddenly felt the weight of everything on her.  She was no match for Orzan.
The cave now was fully illuminated in a white light.  Lyssa looked around until her eyes fell upon a statue of a man frozen in a kneeling position holding his hands up to protect him from some invisible force.  
Does he look familiar to you?  Orzans thick eyebrows lifted from under his hood.  Lyssa wondered what happened to the other two brothers since they havent said anything.
She didnt reply; only let her eyes examine the ice like sculpture before her. Through the clearness of the sculpture she could see her father, she could see Thomas.  
Let him go!  Lyssa yelled through Orzan laughing at her.
Gladly.  His voice rang with a dark undertone. 
I have search far and wide for a cure to my aliment.  The one last disease that will claim us all one day.  How can I build something so magnificent to let someone else place their hands on it and manipulate it to their will?  Orzans voice grew into almost a growl.  He then looked at Lyssa, straightened his stance and then smiled at Lyssa.  Though, I didnt expect a young Fae to understand that, so I had to use other means.  His eyes fell on her dad like he was admiring a piece of art.
He isnt dead.  Though time is running very short.  Orzan stood in front of her dad and gently flipped back his hood.
Lyssa placed her hand to her mouth in disgust.  There, where two faces once where squished on one head were now half rotted with dangling flesh and bones showing through the melting flesh.  Orzan covered them up and stepped closer to Lyssa.
My quest for immortality has taken a bad turn.  I should have had the Everspell when I did this and now need it to survive.  Orzans eyes flickered with a growing flame.  Lyssa if you dont give me the Eversepll, not only will I perish, but so will your Etherling dad.
Lyssa looked up at her dad wanting to talk to him and ask him what to do.  She couldnt let him die, but if she did, then Orzan would die too.
Times ticking here.  Orzan prodded.
Lyssa turned around and glared at Orzan.  He had her, so why did he need her consent.  There had to be something more.
Orzan raised his eyebrows at her.
You can have what you want.  I dont pose a threat to you.  Lyssa stalled hoping Wes or Zoey would help her soon.
Like I said you dont understand magic.  If I force you the magic isnt as pure and plentiful when you go willingly.
Lyssa looked at her dad frozen literally in fear.  She couldnt let him die. 
You cant hurt himpromise!  Lyssas voice echoed causing the stalactites to rattle.
Orzan looked up at them slightly startled. And then let his thin lips curl into a smile.  You have my word.
Lyssa wasnt sure if she made the right decision, but at least her dad would have a chance.
Orzan flicked his hand at Lyssa and suddenly a ring of blue flames surrounded her until they grew nearly reaching the ceiling.  Lyssa couldnt see or hear anything but the crackling sound of the heatless blue flames.
Lyssa didnt feel any different until she tried to move her feet.  She looked down at what should have been the leather boots Zoey gave her, where now clear as glass.  She screamed and watched the creeping glass take over her legs, torso and then her arms until she felt nothing.
Toby

We have to get to the Black Caves, Lizzi said as the blinding light of the portal still made it hard for Toby to see.
This wasnt in the deal.  I dont want to get into that much trouble with my mom, Megan said as her eyes met with Tobys then Craigs.
Hey, Megan, Craig said as if they were just stopping over to visit her.
Megan gave a huff as she turned and rummaged in a tall dresser that was behind her.  
I can see it now, more time with Dr. Greene explaining my misconduct!  Megan spat out more to herself than them followed by more mumbling.  
This is my portal pass  Megan stopped and looked at them one by one.  You know if I am going to pay dearly for this, I want to come, she said tilting her head slightly from side to side as she held the oval shaped clear disk in her hand.
Fine, keep up, Lizzi said as Megan smiled.
What about the Mog?  Megan looked at Lizzi.
He can be your pet.  Lizzi quickly answered.
Actually he is mine, but we can share him, Craig said smiling at Megan.
Forget it, lets just go and get this over with.  Megan flipped her blonde hair back and led them through the portal.
The beating sound of drums with other almost harsh sounding music was the first thing Toby noticed as the portal closed behind them.  Several circular racks of clothes surrounded them with even more hung on the walls above them.
CasI mean Megan, it is so good to see you.  I was just going to leave since we are closed  A woman wearing a long silver coat and hair nearly a white-blonde pulled up so tight into a bun, it distorted her face. And I see you broughtfriends. She raised her eyebrows.
Theyre not my friends, She said in a reassuring voice.  We are trying to get to the Black Caves.
The woman gave her a startled look.  Why would you want to go there?
I am on a scavenger hunt for a charity and I got stuck with them.  Its all to make good face.  Megan rolled her eyes.
What charity?  She asked as Toby grew worried.

Homeless Gnomes. Greenwood wasnt considered an historic district and all of those ratty old houses were torn down and now Avalon will be expanding there.  Megan ended her excuse on an upbeat note.  The charity is trying to relocate them.
I see, well tell them you stopped by at Vine. The woman nearly pushed them out the door.
Toby thought he heard her say something about animal hair and looked back at Craig and then Mike.
There are homeless Gnomes.  Really, I thought they lived in trees or something like that.  Craig jovially asked.
Thats just great!  Just great!  Megan threw her hands up in the air and ignoring Craig.  Now I looked like an idiot at one of the best clothing stores in Avalon.
We dont have time to worry about that, more important things hang in the balance, Lizzi said taking the pass from Megans hand.
Give me that and what can be more important than me?  Megan took the pass back and placed her hands on her hips.
Avalon,  Lizzi said with her blue eyes fixed on Megan.
Megan flicked her blonde hair back and acted like it didnt bother her.  Fine, lets continue shall we.  Megan tromped off in her high heeled boots that clacked on the pavement.  Theres another portal over here.
Lizzi looked up at Toby who smiled slightly at her before they followed Megan down a dark stairwell.
The short set of stairs opened to a large room filled with many different portals all glowing and twice as big as the one in Megns room that was more like a mirror.  A circular glass booth sat in the center with a sign stating that the Portal Teller was unavailable and only prepaid passes were accepted.  Megan didnt seem bothered by that as she went over to a large map hung on the wall behind glass.
It looks like if we take Portal 1 and then 7...we should be close.  Theres no direct portal there.  Megan looked back at them and shrugged her shoulders.
Mike dont like Portals, The Mog who had been quiet suddenly said in a low tone.
Well, Im not walking there.  Megan said looking at Toby.
He had seen her stubborn look before.  She was never good at giving in; she only wanted what she wanted.  Megan must have had a strong spell on him for him to put up with her for so long.
It will be fine and I will be with you.  Craig tried to reassure the animal.
Fine lets go, Lizzi said stepping up to the portal with the number one painted above it.
Megan swiped her card through a slot that extended from the wall in a quick manner.  The portal began to hum and grow in brightness.
Enter the portal please, a womans voice said in a calm tone overhead.
They stepped through it and into a darkened room.  Tobys eyes had a hard time focusing in the quietness.  Suddenly the sound of glass breaking came from behind him.
Sorry, Mike said as Craig told him to be quiet.
Where are we?  Lizzi pulled from her pocket a hand orillion.
The glow from her hand illuminated a room filled with tables, chairs and piles of books and other clutter.  Lizzi held the orillion overhead and turned trying to find a door when Toby could see a curtain was off to the side.
Carefully he walked over and pulled it back to see the cityscape of Avalon.  Its light made the room glow overpowering the light of Orillion.  They all gathered to the window in awe of the ice like city.
Where are we?  This isnt where Portal 1 was supposed to take us!  Lizzi turned to Megan who stood with a baffled look on her face.
What do you want me to do?  I was just following the map, Megan said with crossed arms.
The map was right, but the portal was rerouted.  A womans voice pierced the darkness.
Toby could see a woman pale and thin, almost if the life had been sucked from her and she was nothing but a hollow shell.
  My name is Izett and we would love to have you as our guests.  
Eli

Eli darted through Avalon like an arrow.  He easily passed through the shadows of Duegar District and then to Embrota Forest, a dark and small forest that was slowly being developed into an upscale suburban area.  
The caves could hardly be seen, only a small crescent shape that looked like an upside down black moon.  Eli knew the caves were treacherous and had many deep crevasses and dead ends in its maze of tunnels.  
Nonetheless, he entered feeling an invisible light was guiding him.  Eli moved quickly, his feet barely touched the slick eternally moist ground.  Water trickled into shallow pools that Eli leaped over without difficulty.  
He felt his body was not his own, like a string had been attached to him and someone pulled on the other end guiding him.  He held his orillion in his hand lifting it occasionally to see in front of him.
Suddenly, he enter a large room filled with dim light and two figures loomed in the distance.  One stood tall and broad while the other hunched on the ground.  He could hear their voices but couldnt understand anything they said.
Eli.  A voice came behind him.
Eli felt his mind was on one track and quickly he pulled out his palm scepter nearly stabbing Deravon.
Its only me!  He held up his hands in front of him.  What happened to you?  Did that Landmerrow poison turn you into some super Fae?  Deravon looked at Eli as they stood behind a large rock.  Ive been following you and nearly met my death a few times keeping up.
Quiet.
Deravon and Eli hid in the shadows when the dark, cloaked figure turned towards them.
I know youre here.  DeravonEli..Ive been waiting.
Eli felt his heart leap into his throat as he pulled a dagger from its sheath.  He stepped out and walked towards the figure cautiously.  Several Landtowers were illuminated encircling the two figures. 
Deravon you have done somewhat well, but your loyalty I question.  The man stepped closer to them and flipped back his hood.  Eli, it is nice to have you here, even though I dont need you.  Orzan gave Eli a venomous smile.
Go.  Deravon pushed Eli into the circle of lights.
Traitor!  Eli turned to thrust his palm scepter towards Deravon when it flew from his hand and smashed against the cave wall into pieces.
Eli quickly tried to use his dagger when it to was too extracted from his hand as well.  Deravon only shrugged his shoulders and smiled at Eli.
Its no use to try to save the day, but if you cooperate maybe I can spare your pitiful life.  Orzan words was like sugar coated poison.
Id rather die.  Elis words felt like fire to his lips.
Its your choice; I dont mind killing those who dont see things my way.  Orzan turned and centered himself in the circle. Loyalty, true loyalty is all I require for a perfect Fae world and that is what I will have.  
Deravon grabbed hold of Elis arms as a rolling mist filled in around them.
Follow my lead.  Deravon whispered into his ear.
As soon as the mists encased them, they just as quickly dissipated.  Eli found himself in a large glass, dome shaped room.  It looked like he was inside a hollowed out diamond with brilliant colors dancing off one another.  In the center was Orzan, a man that lay crumpled on the floor and behind Orzan and a sculpture of a girl made out of glass so clear it looked like liquid.  
Eli looked at the sculpture as Orzan walked around it quietly.  It was small in size and that of a young girl holding out her arms and looking down at her feet.  Her mouth was open in a silent scream and her hair blew in an invisible wind.  Eli tried to step closer, but Deravon pulled him taunt.
Its Lyssa, listen to me if you want her back.  Deravon whispered in his ear.
Now, all we have to do is wait until Forthdawn.  And by my watch we wont have to wait long.
Tie him up Deravon to the Etherling and put them in the corner, their energy will only benefit me when they die.  Orzan laughed as he left the room.
Whats going on Deravon?  Eli jerked his hands loose.
I have a plan and like I said if you want your daughter alive and well then trust me.  Deravon had always been persuasive.  
Eli looked at him for a moment thinking of Zoey as he let his eyes look at Lyssa.
I want justice too.  He killed my sister and your lover, Lyssas mother.  Deravon pulled the Etheling man alongside the wall.
Eli looked at Deravon and tried to comprehend what he just said.  Your sister?  Eli almost felt his throat tighten.  

Zoey was your sister and you knew she was Lyssas mother and I was
Her fathershe only shared that tidbit recently.  The brother sister thing I knew, though we are not from the same mother.  Deravon looked him in the eyes.  Thats the truth and I suggest you play this little faade as a greater plan will be unfolding soon.
Deavon looked out of the glass dome towards the sky just beginning to blush with dawn.
Forthdawn is coming, Deavon said looking back at Eli.
Lyssa

Lyssa felt like she was underwater.  Her body was light and moved slowly as she walked through a forest of bare trees with curving fluid limbs.  They had no bark on them but were smooth like skin and glowed dimly.  A clear path of brick paved around the trees that seemed to melt into the whiteness above her.  Everything glowed around its edges, like it was alive.
Lyss followed the path until she came to a silver mirror with no frame, like it grew from the ground beneath it.  From it spilled a silver liquid that made a narrow stream.  Lyssa could see her reflection.  She still looked the same as she remembered, but her memory was fading.  She had forgotten why she was here and where she had come from.
Lyssa.  A voice called from the silver mirror.

She peered into it when a face slowly formed until she could see it was Zoey.
Lyssa you cant stay here.  You have to fight your way out.  You still have the Everspell in you and all you have to do is use it.  Zoey held up hand to show her mark to her.
Lyssa slowly put her mark to Zoeys and a rush of light surrounded her as the familiar pull she had felt with Eli and Merlin.  When everything settled she could see the red curving rocks of fire that had been weathered by wind and water.
Lyssa tried to move, but found she couldnt when suddenly a shadow appeared in front of her.  Slowly the figure removed his hood.  Danes dark eyes flashed at her and he gave her a small smile.
Dane, I never got to say goodbye.  Lyssa blurted out suddenly and just as quick felt embarrassed. 
Dane smiled at her and let his dark eyes soften for only a moment.  The kindles of his face almost startled her.
Keyes to enter dark places.  Never are they in expected places.  Hearts separate with no faces.  They run forever chases.  Danes gentle voice recited her poem.  Lyssa could only stand with open mouth.
My poem.  Lyssa meekly replied.
You are the key and the lock Lyssa.  Only you can open the Everspell.  Dane slowly reached for her hand making her ears vibrate and his image ripple for only a moment.  Hearts separate with no faces.  I never knew you existed and you never knew I existed, but our lives will one day entangle.  
Danes warm hand gently held hers. He turned her hand palm upward, running his fingers over her mark.  His gentle caress tickled as he then barely touched his fingertips to her.  He stopped and lifted his eyes to hers.
The wand,  he said.
What?  Lyssa shook her head and then remembered the wand Lizzi had given her.
Lyssa pulled the silver wand from its holster and gave it to Dane.  He said a quick word she didnt understand and suddenly from the wands side tiny jagged blades that looked like the fins of fish ran up and down the now weapon like wand.
The Razor Wand of Nerabieth.  Dane announced as he slid one of the blades across her finger.
She gasped as Dane held her finger tight and let her blood trickle into the open end of the wand.  Dane then held the open end to his lips and blew over the top.  A clear stone red as fire formed over the top.  
They run forever chases.  The wand is yours, the Everspell is yours, but only chance will unite us again.  Dane placed the wand in her hand and Lyssa was thrust backwards.  Danes image faded from her sight as she tried to reach for his unmoving arms.
Lights flashed around her and her body felt light as a leaf blowing mercifully at the wind. 
Toby
Izett the Muses sister?  Megan asked stepping forward.
Izett gave her a bothered look.  Yes.  She finally said.  Time is short and all of you are important to our plan.  Her pale lips curled into a smile as the door opened and closed.
Toby could see it was Deravon.
I need all of you in the Glass Room.  Deravon looked at everyone.  I cant explain everything right now as I do like to tell about how brave and cunning I am, but time unfortunately wont allow.  Deavon turned as Izett motioned for them to leave.
Toby walked beside Lizzi through the dark hallway and then through a series of tunnels that soon opened to a magnificent room made entirely of glass.  
Its beautiful, Lizzi said as Izett turned to her.
No it isnt.  Her voice had a dark undertone to it.
Toby could see Eli and Lyssas dad tied together along the wall and when he went over to free them, Deravon stopped him.
No, my chivalrous boy, they are part of the plan.  You need to just follow my dear prince charming, Deravon said as they stopped in front of a glass statue.
Deavon looked at the statue then at him.
Is thatLyssa?  Toby felt he should have saved her. 
He looked at her.  Even though he couldnt see her expression well, he could see enough that she was frightened at whoever did this to her.
 Shes fine.  It was her decision and if you really dont want her to die, then listen to me.  Deravon reassured him with a smile.
Deravon had everyone hide behind the veil of the black mirror as they waited in silence.
It is almost Forthdawn.  Lizzi whispered and closed her eyes tightly.
What?  Craig asked.
A time of changes.  Orzan will try to take the Everspell at that time.
Just then the door opened and heavy footsteps broke the silence.
I found this one lingering outside.  Toby could hear someone being thrown to the ground.
That is one of the rebels, Wes, I believe.  Well it doesnt matterall the more power for you right?
Wes, Toby said as Lizzi covered his mouth with her hand.
Everything hung in a quiet suspicion as Toby held his breath.
Its almost Forthdawn  Deavons voice broke the impending silence.  We should proceed.
Eli

That slimy bastard.  Wes hissed as he sat with his hands bound beside Eli.
It isnt what you think, Deavon has a plan.
Wes looked at him.  He told me. And you believe him?
Eli didnt answer at first and looked at Deravon who placed a black robe on Orzan that covered his two dead brothers faces.  Deravon could never associate with a Fae like Orzan, not with Zoeys blood running through him.
Yes.  Eli finally answered.
The light grew in hues of orange, yellow and blues.  Orzan began to chant words that blended together as one until suddenly the glass sculpture of Lyssa exploded into shards of glass that stopped and hung in a frozen state of explosion.
Orzan smiled up at Lyssa who glowed like silver, glittering ghost.  She looked down at Orzan.
Come to me daughter and be my glory.  Orzan slowly closed his eyes as the sun grew in the horizon intensifying the flickering colors.
Lyssa moved closer to him with an expressionless face.  Eli began to wonder what exactly Deravons plan was when suddenly Wes freed himself and ran over pushed Lyssa to the ground.  
Orzan opened his eyes which were blackened voids.  He growled and lunged towards Wes.  Eli frantically tried to loosen his hands, but couldnt.
Wes extended his palm scepter, stabbing Orzan several times with no reaction.  Even with many throwing disks embedded into Orzan, he gave no hesitation in his action.  Wes seemed to amuse Orzan and with a flick of his crooked fingers, Orzan knocked Wes to the ground bound by an invisible force.  
Toby ran over to Lyssa turning her over.
What is this?  Orzan growled.
With a flick of his hand and one by one everyone was held with invisible ties.  Orzan had no one to stop him now.
No!  Eli yelled at Orzan as he lifted Lyssa into the air. The glow from Lyssa began to shift to him. Orzan was taking the Everspell.
Eli struggled, but couldnt loosen the ropes that now cut into his skin making his wrists bleed.
Lyssa opened her eyes and looked down at her right hand.  Eli could see something in it, like a dagger.  Slowly with great effort she lifted it over Orzan who smiled contently with his eyes shut.  Lyssas hand began to tremble.
Eli twisted and tried to free himself from the tightening ropes.  Then, he saw Wes slowly prying himself from the ground.  He staggered and tried to keep his balance.
Wes!  Eli cried out.
Wes struggled to reach Lyssa.  Orzan had nearly drained all the light from her when Wes had finally reached her.  He put his hand on Lyssas, gripped it tightly and together they plunged the dagger into Orzan. 
Sparks flew from Orzan until he was engulfed in the spewing embers.  The room shook and shards of glass flew around until everything faded into silence.
Eli opened his eyes to find he could move his arms. He jumped up to see the Etherling man cradling Lyssa.  He brushed back her hair as. she slowly opened her eyes.
Dad, her weak voice said as she smiled up at him.  
Eli watched them for a moment before he turned and staggered a few steps until the hard ground met his body.
Chapter Eighteen
Lyssa

Lyssa stood quietly in the graveyard looking at the stone that marked a grave that contained no body.  It was only meant to be a reminder of the person that was.
Im going to miss her, Lyssa said as her dad wrapped his arm around her.
Me too.  He tightened the squeeze he had on her shoulder as if something was going to come along and take her.  You know Lyssa, you were brave and way smarter than me.  He smiled at her.  I am very proud of you.
Lyssa didnt reply only let a tear roll down her cheek as she wrapped her arms around her dad as tight as she could.
Eli
Eli wanted to confront Lyssa, but couldnt.  He hadnt said anything to her and only watched from a distance.  Eli for now stayed at the Rebel Compound like everyone else, but he didnt feel right here.  Like something tugged at him to move on.  Lyssa was now the only thing stopping him.
He followed her to the cemetery to Zoeys marker.  She stood for a while and finally when he gathered enough confidence, Thomas, her Etherling father, walked up beside her.  He couldnt tell her now. 
Eli started to turn when he decided to watch for a moment.  They hugged and tenderly talked to each other.  He wanted to know Lyssa, the daughter he never knew, but then that would destroy what she had with Thomas, he couldnt do that to her, he couldnt break her heart.  As far as Lyssa knew she had a father that loved and cared for her now.  Maybe her loneliness that he felt in their uniting would be filled now. 
Eli slowly turned and walked aimlessly into the forest.
Toby

What are you going to do now?  Lizzi asked Toby as they sat in the orchard.  Orzan is dead and Merlin said the Everspell is what killed him. I told him about the wand and that I gave it to Lyssa.  I think he finally realized that he should at least consider my visions.  Toby smiled at her. The Everspell is gone and so is the temptation.
I dont know what I am going to do.  I still want to find out who my father is.  Toby watched Craig throw a stick for his Mog to go and fetch.  Megan stood beside him with crossed arms.
When the Mog came back Craig handed her the stick to throw.  Megan shook her head and then finally took it and threw it several hundred feet away.  Even from where Toby watched them, he could see the amazed expression on Craigs face at Megans super far throw. Meagan smiled at Craig and then started to walk away as he looked in the distance and then at Megan before following her.
Craig has no idea that Banshee women are usually dominate in any relationship, Lizzi said as they both watched them.
I guess he will find out.  Toby and Lizzi laughed as they sat in the final rays of the setting sun.
Merlin if anyone can help you.  The fate did say he was powerful--your father I mean.  Lizzi then opened her mouth in an O like she had just realized something.  Maybe you are a long lost prince of some distant land where no one has chores to do and I can come live there with you.  Lizzi stepped out from under the apple tree and stood in front of Toby.  Until then, when you save me from chores, I have to go now and help prepare for supper.
Toby reached for her hand and kissed it gently.
If I am, you will be the first to know, Toby said with a smile.
Im expecting that.  Lizzi pointed her finger playfully at him before leaving Toby alone in the orchard.
Toby sat there for a moment thinking of his home in the Etherworld.  Maybe he could confront his mother about it.  Surely she would know and now that he knows, she had nothing to hide. 
The sun hung like a still pendulum in the indigo sky.  The air was cooling and he placed his hands into his pocket when something pricked his palm.  
Quickly he pulled out his hand and looked at the small cut that ran across his mark.  Then he reached into his pocket and found an arrow shaped piece of glass with his blood smeared on it.  Just when he was going to throw the piece of shard glass away, something about it caught his eye.  
Words began to form.  My son Toby, save mefather.  Toby felt his heart stop.  The words faded and he was left staring at his own reflection in the blackened piece of glass.

About the Author

M.M. Gavillet lives in west central Illinois with her husband, two children, one dog, three cats, several ducks and two demanding guinea pigs where she drinks more tea than any sane person should and likes to play in the dirt planting flowers. She has been spinning stories since she was little, but only recently discovered her passion for writing.

WATCH FOR NEW REALESES AND SAMPLE CHAPTERS AS WELL AS FUTURE GIVEAWAYS ON HER BLOG!

mmgavilletblogspot.com

Watch for the second novel in the Fae Trilogy
Children of Fae
2014
