LOVE or DIE

Lana Mowdy



Copyright 2013 Lana Mowdy
Smashwords Edition

Cover by Ted Conley  2013

Edited by Kelley Birk



Discover other titles by Lana Mowdy at Smashwords.com

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, the please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 





Chapter 1

No more fat.
No more fat.
Miranda chanted her mantra in time to the movement of her feet as she pushed herself up the hill.  Just another quarter of a mile. As she reached the top of the hill, she willed her legs to continue.  She could feel her legs trembling with exertion. Sweat poured down her body, and her head was beginning to swim.
Glancing up, she spotted a small park bench and plopped down before her legs gave way underneath her. She couldnt feel the bench beneath her. The world was spinning out of control, and she felt as if she were floating on fast moving clouds. Grabbing the edge of the bench with both hands, she closed her eyes and visualized her lungs slowly filling with air.
She was too tired to take in the breathtaking view that she usually enjoyed. Instead she placed her head down between her knees and visualized the scenery. A long, winding lane made its way through towering trees that danced in the cool breeze. In the distance, a sparkling lake with spots of colors from the early morning canoes sparkled under the rising sun. Spongy grass gave way beneath her feet. Although the early morning dew cooled the air, the July sun would soon rise to push back the clouds and scorch the green foliage surrounding her. 
You really shouldnt sit down after you have pushed yourself that hard.
Miranda popped her head up, startled by the masculine voice in her ear.
You need to cool down. Walk around the bench a few times and allow your heart rate to slow before you sit down.
Miranda continued to glare at the cool blue eyes which seemed to stare at her intensely. Her heart continued to race, but she was unsure whether it was from running or the sight of the man beside her. She could feel the heat of his scrutiny looming, hidden behind the cool exterior. She felt her face beginning to burn, and she turned away.
Well, since you refuse to listen to my advice, Ill have to remain here to make sure you dont pass out or have a heart attack. His eyebrows furled for a moment before he reached out his hand. Im Zach.
Miranda scooted away from him quickly then glanced at his outreached hand. Ignoring the hand, she tucked a stray hair behind her ear. She replied hesitantly, Miranda.
Its nice to meet you, Miranda. How long have you been running?
About a month, three miles a day, she eyed him warily. He was quite a handsome man. Light brown hair fell across his forehead. High cheekbones accentuated a strong jaw, still nicely shaven. His light blue linen shirt barely contained the rippling muscles across his shoulders and biceps.
She wondered briefly why he was here. His comfortable shoes were not made for running, but they suggested that he would be on his feet for a while. The lack of suit and tie indicated that he wasnt a corporate man, but he wasnt dressed for manual labor, either. He was definitely fit, but wasnt overly zealous about his health.   
Quite impressive. I would suggest that if you are going to run that far alone, you should take better care of yourself. 
She scanned the area and noticed that they were alone. The early morning crowd of walkers had dissipated as the sun began its ascent. Sitting in the middle of the park with a strange man is never safe. Get out now, while you still have the chance. She checked her pulse and decided that she didnt have time to allow it to slow any further.
I will. Thank you. Miranda glanced at her watch. I really have to go.
Hope to see you again. Be careful. The edges of his full mouth turned slightly. His eyes swept her body as she stood.
Without a word, she turned and quickly fled the way she had come.  She ignored the pain ripping through her ankle for a few moments before she willed herself to slow down.  Peeking over her shoulder, she noticed that the man didnt seem to be paying attention to her, so she slowed her pace.
Get a grip Miranda. There is no reason to feel threatened because a guy is nice to you, she berated herself. She had not let bitterness and resentment convince her that all men are bad, but her naivet had been crushed. Its a tough world, and she had decided over the past few months that she would not let it destroy her. 
Sure, Ethan may have been controlling, but he didnt beat me. I won in the end, and  I have Elizabeth, now.  She smiled as she thought of her young daughter and pushed thoughts of her former husband to the back of her mind.  
Only one good thing had come out of her three year marriage to an abominable man, her daughter. She stopped at the edge of the park and watched her daughter toddle around on the grass, playing with her friend. The tiny blonde girl was the one blessing in her life. When her marriage ended over a year ago, she thought her life was over. Every dream came crashing down, leaving nothing but pain and frustration in its wake. 
The last month of her pregnancy was filled with dread. She did not miss her husband for one moment, but the thought of being a single mother was daunting. It all changed the instant she looked into Elizabeth's tiny red face, and she gripped her finger with the strength of a mouse. She realized suddenly that the tiny life that she held in her arms relied on her for everything. Her heart was filled with unspeakable love that poured forth from her eyes. A year later those same emotions threatened to overwhelm her.
"Momma!" The peals of laughter pulled Miranda from her reverie. She pushed her way through the park, grabbed her daughter and spun her in circles. Pain shot through her ankle as she sank to the blanket spread on the grass.
"Thank you for watching her, Carolyn."
Her best friend smiled sweetly. "We love playing with this beautiful girl." She reached out to tickle Elizabeth. The young child in her lap agreed wholeheartedly. "And Lacey is a great babysitter!"
"And she is only four years old!" Miranda gasped in mock amazement, sending Lacey and Carolyn into squeals of laughter.
Carolyn's smile suddenly faded, leaving sadness around her eyes. "She is already four years old."
Miranda reached out to touch her friend's hand. "I guess the results were negative again? I'm so sorry. I know how badly you have been wanting another child."
Tears threatened to spill from Carolyn's eyes. "Yet another month goes by without my heart's desire." A sad smile slipped across her face. "But Lacey is a handful. She is my blessing, and when it finally happens, she will be a great help."
"Yes, she will. It will happen when it's time."
Carolyn squeezed Miranda's hand then rose. "It's time to go home, Lacey."
"I have to be at work in an hour. Thanks again. We'll see you tomorrow." Miranda rose and carried Elizabeth across the park to the front of her apartment.
When she reached her apartment, she flopped on the couch with Elizabeth in her lap. She chose to ignore the pain in her ankle and focus on the beautiful face of her daughter. Golden curls fell around her pale face. Bright blue eyes and a small pointed nose gave her the image of a cherub. She looks just like her father.
Suddenly, his face flashed in her mind. Gorgeous blue eyes just inches from her own became steely as the hands around her throat began to squeeze. "You will never get away from me. No one will ever want you again. You are used, scarred, fat, and useless." He released her without further threat and left her apartment. She immediately fled her apartment and ran to her friend's embrace.  After calming her down, Carolyn escorted her to the police station where she pressed charges and filed a restraining order. Shivers ran down her back as she remembered the fear that clenched her gut.
Doubt continued to flood her mind. Would the charges and restraining order keep him away? Somehow she remained unconvinced.



Chapter 2

As she entered the small building that housed her company, Learning for Life, she veered right, thankful again that she had the foresight three years ago to implement a daycare station for her employees. She held Elizabeths hand as she walked into the large room that had been painted in a Noahs Ark theme. Animals walked two by two, holding hands and smiling. 
Seeing her friends, Elizabeth immediately let go of her mothers hand. Miranda kissed her goodbye and stood watching her for a moment. She was a social butterfly who enjoyed company and chattered incessantly. She smiled and laughed as she joined the other children playing with blocks.
Miranda rode the elevator to the second floor. Thinking about her encounter that morning, she decided that she needed to look into self-defense classes. Although she usually stayed at home if she wasnt at work, she needed to be able to defend herself. 
Stepping away from the elevator, she took a deep breath. She scanned the office, reveling in the soft beiges and greens that created a calming effect. A floor to ceiling window looked over the city street, giving the room an open feel, and creating a sense of connection with the rest of the world. In the middle of the room, her secretary sat gazing at a computer screen. When the elevator doors opened, Emily raised her eyes and greeted her warmly. 
Miranda felt so good to be welcomed by a friendly face. Emily had been a family friend for years. Several years ago, when Miranda opened her company, Emily had been looking for a job and had been perfectly qualified. Over the years, she had proved to be invaluable. Not only was she a great employee, but she brightened the room with her infectious smile. Clients loved her warmth, personal attention, and infallible memory.  
"Good morning, Emily. How was your weekend?"
Emily blushed, "He proposed!" She flew to Miranda, holding out her left hand. Her small diamond glistened brightly.
Miranda threw her arms around her. "Congratulations! Emily and her fianc, Trey, had been dating for four years. Although they had discussed marriage, Emily was beginning to doubt that he would ever pop the question. Her excitement radiated from her entire body.
 You'll have to give me the details over lunch. Miranda returned her brilliant smile. What do we have today?"
Emily couldn't wipe the grin from her face. "Your ten o'clock appointment is waiting in the conference room. He's only been here a few minutes."
"Thank you Emily."
Miranda strode to her office to throw down her purse and pick up the file for Mr. Corbin. She swept her long auburn hair into a makeshift bun, and ignored the pain in her ankle as her heels clicked along the corridor.
Mr. Corbin rose and reached for her hand as she entered the room. "Mr. Corbin, I'm pleased to meet you." He took her hand and raised it to his lips. His eyes twinkled in amusement. She withdrew her hand quickly and turned to hide her blush.
"I'm pleased to make your acquaintance, Ms. Row. This is my son, Jake, and you may call me Lee."
"Good morning Jake." Miranda smiled across the table at the young boy slouched in his chair.  His hair hung over his face, but she could sense his grimacing glare.
"Mr. Corbin, or Lee, let me tell you a bit about our company. I began my teaching career at an early age. I noticed that although I worked with every child, there were still some that would slip through the cracks. Gaps in learning caused by absences, misconceptions, or other reasons caused students to miss future lessons, letting them fall further and further behind. Most of the students simply needed one on one tutoring in order to fill these gaps. That is simply not possible in the public school system.  Three years ago, I decided to begin this company. We use research based techniques in order to find gaps in math and reading knowledge. Then, we focus on filling those gaps and bringing students up to grade level knowledge in a one on one environment. We use teaching techniques that match their learning styles and show them how to utilize those learning styles to hone their own learning in the future."
"That sounds exactly like what we need, Ms. Row." Mr. Corbin seemed to hang on her every word, following each movement with his eyes as he gazed at her hungrily.
Miranda ducked her head slightly, embarrassed by such brazen attention. The man was handsome. His dark, unruly hair hung over his forehead and lay on his shoulders. His eyes reminded her of the ocean, dark in the tempest of a storm. A weak jaw minimized full, rosy lips. 
His stance was like that of a tiger. He shifted often, leaning back in his chair trying to look relaxed, then rising to place his elbows on the conference table. He emanated a confusing aura as he shifted between restrained power and relaxed seduction.
Miranda decided to change her focus, "Jake, how do you feel like you are doing in school?" The young man refused to answer, slumping further in his seat.
"I'm sorry. Jake is not happy to be here. He is falling behind, and his grades are reflecting it," Mr. Corbin interrupted.
She turned to Jake again, "Is there something going on at school?" When he still refused to answer, she reluctantly turned her attention back to Mr. Corbin. "First we need to administer a few tests. They are computer based and will immediately tell us where to begin. We can begin these tests today if you would like."
"That sounds like a good idea."
"Then I will get Jake set up in the computer room, and I will return to fill out some paperwork."
After getting Jake started, Miranda hesitantly returned to the room, knowing she would be alone with Mr. Corbin. She squared her shoulders, readying her silent stare that usually intimidated any man. She stepped into the dark room, manly in its dcor. Dark wood paneling and bright mahogany furniture heightened her feelings of control.
"Ms. Row, may I call you Miranda?" She nodded her head imperceptibly. "There is something going on with Jake, but it's not at school." He paused for a moment. She could hear the catch in his breath. "His mother left us just a few months ago. He doesn't seem to be handling the change very well."
As he lifted his head, she could see the anguish in the small lines around his eyes. She reached out to touch his hand. "I'm so sorry."
The corners of his mouth lifted slightly. "We will be fine. It was not a holiday when she was with us, but it has been an adjustment living without her."
"I understand."
"Miranda, I can see the pain in your eyes as well. Someone has hurt you deeply."
She stared at him for a moment before removing her hand from his. "I don't know what you're talking about."
"You do. You may not want to discuss it now, but even when you smile, I can see the hurt in your eyes." He leaned toward her.
She began to shake involuntarily. She hurriedly stood up and turned to go. "Thank you for your concern. We will call you to set up an appointment with Jake."
Lee laid a hand on the small of her back. As she turned to him, he allowed his fingers to trace her body, grazing the scar that ran down her side and across her abdomen. A frightening spark of electricity seemed to radiate from the light pressure of his fingers. "I look forward to seeing you again, Miranda."
Miranda fled the room. When she reached her office, her body was trembling.  Closing her door, she studied herself in the mirror. Her face was flushed, and her hair had fallen to cascading tendrils down her back.  She tried to ignore the nausea and dizziness that attacked her by hiding in her office until she knew Mr. Corbin had left. 
She rested her arms on her desk and her head in her hands. You are used, scarred, fat, and useless. She tried desperately to slow her rapidly beating heart. The man was being nice to me, she thought. Yet, her heart continued to flutter with fear and anxiety. There is no way another man will make his way into my life. Besides, once he found out how used, scarred, and fat, and useless I really am She shook her head to rid herself of the detrimental thoughts, the thoughts that plagued her through each and every day. Tears slid down her cheeks as she waited, hiding from her pursuer and the rest of the world.



Chapter 3

An hour later, Miranda's head was still swimming as she dried her eyes and made her way to Emily's desk.  
"Emily, I think I am going to head home for the day. I am not feeling well."
Emily stood and headed around her desk, "Is there anything I can do?" Worry painted lines around the corners of her mouth.
Suddenly, pinpoints of light rushed in Miranda's eyes. Darkness overtook her, and she grabbed for the desk on the way to the ground.

When she woke, bright lights pierced her eyes. She shut them quickly to avoid the pain. A kind voice greeted her. "I guess you didn't take my advice this morning." The voice was familiar. A picture of the man sitting on the park bench flitted through her mind, and she opened her eyes to see him standing over her. 
He smiled warmly. Small laugh lines etched from the corners of bright blue eyes. 
A tremor of fear laced through her body as she realized that he wore a white coat. An IV pierced her hand. "Where is Elizabeth?"
"Don't worry, Miranda. Elizabeth is in the waiting room with your friend Carolyn."
She tried to pull herself up and out of the bed, but the IV lines held her in place. "Please unhook me. I have to get to my daughter."
"I'm sorry, but you are going to need to stay put for a while. You are extremely dehydrated. The IV is going to put more fluids in your system. You have also pulled your Achilles tendon. We have it wrapped, but you are going to have to take it easy for a while."
She fell back against the pillows with frustration. "You don't know what you are saying. I can't just take it easy. I have a one-year-old daughter, a company to run, and I have to keep jogging or all the work will be for nothing." She glared at him with her hardest stare, hoping to scare the doctor into submission. She glanced at his name tag. "Doctor Shannon, I appreciate your concern, but I don't have time to rest."
"If you don't rest, all your work will be for nothing. Do you realize that you can die from dehydration?"
She rolled her eyes. "Really? Well, I'm not in that bad of shape. I'm sure my colleagues will tell you that I am just a little tired."
"Your colleagues brought you here." His eyes became hard, steeling himself for a fight. He would not let her leave this place until she was fully hydrated. Her thin form lay in the bed. He reached out to touch her arm. "Please rest. I am doing everything I can as quickly as I can, but if you don't take care of yourself, your daughter will be left alone."
She blinked as she let his words sink in. "Fine. Will you please send Carolyn in here so that I can make sure that my daughter is okay?"
"I will let her visit you for a few moments, but that is all. I have alerted your friend that you will probably be here overnight. I'm sure she has everything under control." He smiled at her one last time and left the room.
A few moments later, Carolyn walked into the room, holding Elizabeth. Miranda held out her arms, and Elizabeth jumped into them. "How did you know I was here?"
Carolyn touched her arm gently, "Emily called me the second that you went down. I picked up Elizabeth and rushed down here."
"Thank you so much. How can I ever repay you for everything you have done for me?"
A mock smirk of chastisement crossed Carolyn's face. "Start taking care of yourself. If not for you, then for your daughter."
Miranda turned to face her daughter, smiling pleasantly despite the frustration. "I take care of myself."
"No. You don't." Carolyn dragged in a deep breath as if she had been waiting for a while to drop the hammer. "Miranda, you can't keep going like you have. You work yourself to the bone, you eat next to nothing, and you are jogging with a ruined tendon." She shook her head in exasperation.
"You know I have to work." Miranda grit her teeth while maintaining a light voice for Elizabeth's sake. "I eat when I'm hungry, and you know why I can't quit running!"
"You are a beautiful woman! How long are you going to let that loser ex-husband ruin your life? I'm sick of seeing this! You are running yourself into the ground trying to prove yourself to someone who means nothing!"
Tears threatened to spill from Miranda's eyes, but she refused to let them fall. "I am not doing any of this for him." Seething, she tried to control her voice. "I am running for me. I do not like looking in the mirror, and until I do, I will continue to run, diet, and anything else. I am proving myself to me, no one else."
"That's bullshit, and you know it!" Carolyn turned away for a moment to catch her breath. "Regardless, you are going to lay here tonight and rest. I am keeping Elizabeth tonight and tomorrow night. You are going to rest tonight then tomorrow you are going to Emily's engagement party."
Miranda lifted her eyes and opened her mouth to protest.
"No! No argument! You either do what I say or I will call your mother! We will see what she has to say about all of this!"
Miranda searched her friend's face for a sign of a bluff. She was completely serious. Suddenly she began to feel tired again, and the room began to spin. She kissed Elizabeth and lifted her to Carolyn's arms. 
"Fine. But understand that I am complying under duress."
Carolyn laughed, "As long as you are complying, I couldn't care less." She leaned down and kissed Miranda on the cheek. "Sleep well my friend."

Voices drifted from the doorway, breaking Miranda from her sleep.
Im sorry, Mr. Corbin, but I am the attending physician, and I have ordered that Ms. Row can't have visitors.
Hearing the name, Miranda closed her eyes and feigned sleep.
I understand. Would you please give her these flowers and let her know that I am thinking of her?
Certainly.
Upon hearing the door close, she opened her eyes and looked toward her visitor. Dr. Zach Shannon set the vase of magnolias on her bedside table then made his way to the chair he had pulled beside her bed.
You had a visitor. Do you know Mr. Corbin? 
Miranda blanched upon hearing his name. She shuddered then replied, He is a new client. I just met with him today. Thank you for not letting him in. I can't imagine why he would feel the need to visit or how he even knew I was here. She paused for a moment, Why are you still here? How many hours do you work?
Zach reached out and clasped her hand, careful not to apply too much pressure to such a dainty frame. I finished my rounds and came back to sit with you. I thought you could use a friend. 
Tingles of electricity ran through her arm at his touch. Rather than fear, she felt comforted. She closed her eyes for a moment, confused by the sensation. She had only met the man that morning and yet something about the way that he looked at her made her think that he could see into her soul. I wish you hadnt gone to the trouble. She opened her eyes and tried to remove her hand from his grasp.
When he didnt release her, panic welled up in her throat.
He studied her for a moment, Can I ask you a question? Who is Ethan?
Trembling overtook her body, and she made every effort to turn from him. I dont want to talk about him.
You dont have to talk about him. You were mumbling his name in your sleep. I got the feeling that you are afraid of him. He reached out his other hand and lightly stroked her arm. Dont worry. Im not leaving you alone tonight.
She searched his face and found only sincerity. Why are you doing this? Why are you here? Dont you have other patients that need your attention?
He breathed deeply, Miranda, the moment I saw you in the park, you took my breath away. You are so lovely. 
A grin spread across his face, And I brought you a cheeseburger. The hospital food is horrendous! There is no way you will put some meat on those bones eating that stuff.
A blush spread across her cheeks, and she gently squeezed his hand in return. He unwrapped her cheeseburger and sat in silence while they ate.




Chapter 4

The next evening, Miranda stood in the doorway of the restaurant. Carolyn had brought her home from the hospital a couple of hours ago with instructions to rest, take a long bath, and get ready for Emilys engagement party. Miranda had complied with each command. Still her nerves were grating as she considered walking into the room filled with people. 
She checked her reflection in the mirror. Her burgundy sleeveless dress dipped low in the neckline, hugged her waist then flowed out, ending just above her knees. Black heels accentuated muscular calves. She turned to the side, hoping desperately that her girdle held the bulges that that were so obvious to her. She straightened her shoulders and gathered her courage. 
The private room was filled with people standing around, holding drinks, and mingling. The atmosphere was electrified with excitement. Although Emily had ensured her that this was a casual get-together, the fashionably dressed guests suggested otherwise. As Miranda scanned the room, she remembered Emily mentioning that Trey, his brother, and most everyone in their family were doctors.  
Unexpectedly, a high-pitched squeal erupted from across the room.
She's here! Emily raced to Miranda, throwing herself into her arms. Come meet my fianc. Emily grabbed her hand and pulled her across the room. Miranda, this is the love of my life, Trey, and his brother Zach.
Without looking stunned, Zach reached for Mirandas hand. Small world isnt it? His eyes glittered.
Miranda stared, open mouthed for a moment before she pulled herself together. Zach. I didnt know you would be here.
Hes practically family! I didnt know that you knew each other. Emily babbled happily, unable to control her excitement. She threw her arms around Miranda again then whisked away to greet her other guests.
Suddenly they were alone, and her mind whirled, struggling for something to say. His presence enveloped her, taking her breath and filling her with anticipation. 
Zach slid to Mirandas side and wrapped his arm lightly around her waist. He grabbed champagne from a tray as it passed and handed one to her. Would you dance with me?
She shook her head, I dont think that would be a good idea. My ankle, remember?
How could I forget? Dont worry, well take it easy. He gazed down at her. 
Her breath caught in her throat. She tried to cover her nervousness by taking a slow drink from her champagne glass. The fizzy liquid tickled her lips and she concentrated on the sensation. She could feel the heat of his gaze on her face, but she refused to acknowledge him. Unsure of her voice, she was afraid that if she spoke, he would detect her emotions. They confused her, and she didnt want him jumping to conclusions.
They finished their drinks and made their way to the dance floor. He wrapped one arm around her waist and clasped her right hand in his. Her heart began to race as the warm tingles of his touch shot along her skin, leaving a trail of goose bumps. He slowly strengthened his grasp, bringing her body closer to his. She could feel the warmth of his skin just inches from her own. 
Bringing their hands to his lips, he kissed each of her fingertips and the palm of her hand then placed it around his neck. He traced his finger along her jaw and across her full bottom lip, following it with soft whispering kisses. She closed her eyes and focused on the feel of his unshaven face lightly touching hers, sending shivers down her spine. Her knees were becoming weak, but he held her in his arms, steadying her. When he reached her ear, he nuzzled her neck and softly whispered, I want you.
Without warning, she broke away from his grasp, catching her breath and running toward the bar. She grabbed two drinks and threw them back, feeling the sting in the back of her throat then made her way to the restroom. She washed her face and calmed her breathing. 
Grasping the edge of the sink, she closed her eyes. What in the world has come over me? She hardly knew this man, yet he had the ability to make her lose her senses, forget her past, and hope for the future. As she studied her reflection in the mirror, she could see that her face was flushed. Her lips were red and tender from his caresses. She could still feel his fingers floating across her skin leaving a trail of fire. This is too dangerous. She had to get hold of herself before she acted on these feelings. 
Straightening her spine and firmly placing a cold glare in her eyes, she silently opened the door, hoping to avoid Zach for the rest of the evening.
Why are you trying to hide from me? Zach reached for her arm.
Miranda backed away, Im not trying to hide. She turned to make her way to the dining room. 
Zach caught her hand and held her firmly. His eyes blazed, You can't hide from me.
She paled slightly then straightened, I dont know what you want from me.
Still holding her, he drew her closer. His proximity lit her body in flames, but she refused to acknowledge his touch. He lightly lifted a strand of her hair behind her ear.
When I first saw you in the park, I knew I couldn't rest until I made you mine."
His hand slid down her neck along the line of her jaw, his thumb trailing her lower lip. His eyes followed the trace of his fingers. "I want all of you. I want your mind, heart, and body. 
Catching her breath, she struggled to be released from his arms, but he refused to relinquish her. She dropped her eyes, refusing to give in to his pull, You dont know what you are asking of me.
I know everything I need to know. He placed a finger under her chin to raise her face to his. He delicately kissed her lips while running his hands up and down her arms. Slowly, his hands wandered down her sides, 
I have nothing left for you to take! Everything is scarred...my mind, body, and heart. Its all broken! She dropped her head, hiding the tears that threatened to spill over her cheeks.
I will take nothing. I want it all, but you must give it freely. You arent scarred or broken. You simply need someone to return your love.
Placing a finger under her chin, he raised her face to meet his. Her eyes blazed with fury and self-defense. You know nothing! You have seen me three times.  You dont know me. So dont you dare presume to know what I need, she jerked her head from his fingers.
I can see your heart. I see the way you look at me, and I can feel the way your body responds when we touch. You cant deny that, he whispered softly in her ear. Turning her face again, he slowly brought his lips to meet hers. Gently, he traced his tongue along the soft curve of her lips. Unable to fight any longer, she relaxed into his arms. Welcoming his embrace, she began to passionately return his kiss. Wrapping her fingers in his hair, she pulled him closer until they seemed to meld into one. 
Slowly he released her and rested his forehead against hers, breathing in her scent. I want you.
She closed her eyes for a moment then raised them to meet his. I dont know. I justdont know. 



Chapter 5

Upon her release, Dr. Shannon had recommended that Miranda refrain from jogging and only work half a day for the next week. She promised that she wouldnt jog, but she had to walk in order to clear her head. As she pushed Elizabeth in her stroller, Miranda sauntered along the same trail at a slower pace. 
She was completely confused about the scene last night. She had never had a problem fending off the attention of men. A look could scare away even the most obstinate suitor. But Zach was different. She was appalled at the way her body had betrayed her, kissing a man she hardly knew.
She could recall in detail the way his hands felt as they skimmed her arms. Her lips quivered with the taste of his mouth, his tongue entwined with hers. She could feel the flush rise to her cheeks.
Stop it! I am not going there again! Never again!
The more she tried to deny her feelings and stop the replay of the scene in her mind, the more frustrated she became. That morning, she had awoken with an ache in her chest. The loneliness was so deep that it had taken the form of pain. Deep welling of agony gripped her heart as if a hand was trying to squeeze the life out of her. Massive weight hung on her shoulders, and she could hardly make herself get out of bed.  
It seemed to take forever to reach the bench at such an incredibly slow pace, but with each step, she could feel the pain recede. Finally she made it, sat down, and pulled Elizabeth into her lap.
"Don't worry, Little One. Mama is not getting into that situation again. The last thing we need is more pressure. No man for us, huh Sweetie Pie?"
Elizabeth giggled at the attention. Her bright blue eyes reflected the sky above her, and the sunlight danced off of her hair, emitting a glow like a halo. She began waving at a passerby.
Miranda looked up and cringed. She tried to duck her head, but it was too late. Geena, her sorority sister from college had seen her and was heading her way. Miranda stood to face the tall, voluptuous woman. 
"Miranda, how nice to see you." Miranda swallowed bile at the sound of Geena's syrupy sweet voice. "I hear you weren't able to hold on to Ethan. Such a shame." The evil glean in her dark eyes accentuated the snarl on her face. "I suppose that means he's fair game."
"You may have him with my blessing," Miranda smiled pleasantly, determined to ignore the vile woman.
"That's so sweet of you. Unfortunately, I've already had him." She paused for a moment to add to the effect. "In fact, I believe the first time was on your wedding day. I suppose he was just nervous to think about being with one boring woman for the rest of his life. But don't worry. I convinced him that life wasn't truly over. He could always get some action on the side." 
Miranda swallowed again, hiding her disgust. "Well, I hope the two of you are just as happy as we were."
Before the conversation could escalate further, Miranda bundled Elizabeth into the stroller and turned away. 
Suddenly, she turned back, "Geena, wait. Although the two of you deserve each other, there are some things you should know."
"Are you still whining because he said things that hurt your feelings?" Geena feigned a look of sympathy. "Yeah, he already told me about all your lies. In fact, he's been crying on my shoulder for almost a year."
Miranda's lips curled in derision before she remembered her good intentions. "At one time, you and I were best friends. I don't want to see you hurt, and Ethan will definitely hurt you."
Geena sidled up to Miranda's side. She reached out and curled a strand of Elizabeth's hair around her finger. Leaning in, she whispered, "We were never friends." 

When she finally got to work that afternoon, a dozen roses waited on her desk. Reaching for the card, it simply read - Thank you for the dance.
Miranda turned around and immediately walked back to Emilys desk. Emily hopped from her seat, Did you see your roses? Zach brought them earlier this morning. Im so happy for you! If Zach is anything like Trey, you will be so happy! Ooooh! If you marry Zach, we will be sisters-in law, Emily almost squealed with excitement. Finally, she looked at Miranda, You look pale. Do you need to sit down? Do you need to go back to the hospital?
I cant do this. Im going to my sisters house for a few days. You have her number. Call if you need anything.
Emily smiled warmly, I will take care of everything. Dont worry about a thing.
Miranda gripped the edge of the desk just to steady herself. Thank you.
Emily stopped her as she began to board the elevator, This may not be the best time, but would be my maid of honor?
A broad smile lifted Mirandas face, Of course! Id be delighted! She embraced her friend firmly.

Within an hour she had packed a bag for herself and Elizabeth, alerted her sister that she was on her way, and checked in with Carolyn. She glanced at the stereo clock. She would be with her sister by dinner. Just thinking about the short reprieve gave her a sense of relief that she hadnt felt in months. She turned on the radio and checked to see that Elizabeth had fallen asleep before allowing her mind to wander. 
The mornings confrontation plagued her mind. It was hard to believe that she and Geena had once been best friends. They met in college, their freshman year, and had joined the same sorority. Two years later, when Miranda met Ethan, her relationship with Geena became strange. They didnt talk as much and several times Miranda caught Ethan and Geena spending time together. She was happy that her best friend and her boyfriend got along so well. She assumed that her relationship with Geena was changing because they were getting older and didnt need to rely on each other as much.
After graduation, Ethan and Miranda were married. She remembered her wedding day. The wedding had been delayed, but that seemed normal. Surely it would take time to get all of the guests seated and the ceremony started. She stood in the brides chamber wringing her hands and trying not to chew her nails, but she was nervous. The night before, she had seen a new side of Ethan. He slipped into her fathers house and into her bedroom. He tried desperately to talk her into making love. She refused. She had promised her mother that she would remain a virgin until her wedding night, and she intended to keep that promise. She witnessed a glimpse of his temper as he slammed the window shut on his way out.
Despite her fear and the delay, she walked the aisle to begin her newly married, blissful life. Within hours, she knew that her fantasy had become a nightmare. They had flown to California for their honeymoon, and were walking in the moonlight along the boardwalk in San Jose with their fingers entwined. Suddenly, she felt Ethans body stiffen. Then he began to yell, Get your eyes off my wife!
Seconds later, she was witnessing Ethan beat this stranger to a bloody pulp. She screamed his name, trying desperately to stop him, but he flung her back and continued to wail on the man. His face was mashed into the concrete, his arm hung crookedly, and his breathing was labored. Minutes later, the police arrived. Ethan was handcuffed and placed in the back of a police car. After paying bail and fines, they had to cut their honeymoon short. 



Chapter 6

Miranda heaved Elizabeth and their bags from the car and wobbled to the front door. As she reached for the bell, her sister, Brooke, opened the door and threw her arms around her. Miranda held on tightly for a few minutes.
You might warn somebody before you barge in. Ive ordered pizza for dinner. You know theres not a stitch of food in the house, Brooke joked. 
I gave you more warning than usual. Sometimes I just show up, Miranda grinned as they shared a longstanding joke.
Youre right. Give me that baby, grab a couple of beers, and lets head to the back porch. The boys are in the game room. Hopefully theyll catch the pizza guy.
Elizabeth giggled as Brooke smothered her face in kisses then set her down to run around the back yard. Miranda leapt to her feet.
Oh, let her run. Shes been in the car for hours. Besides, its just grass. She might get dirty, but we have water, Brooke smiled again, obviously delighted to have company. Miranda settled back down in the large Adirondack chairs, covered with green and tan striped pillows. Warm beams of sunlight were beginning to fade as the sun set. The privacy fence gave her a sense of seclusion. She took a deep breath and tried to relax.
So, tell me whats going on.
Miranda scowled in mock confusion, What makes you think there is something going on?
Well, first, Carolyn called and said they took you to the emergency room then you are flying down here for a mini vacation.
There is nothing wrong. I was a little dehydrated, and I pulled a ligament in my heel.
And I bet you havent quit wearing heels, have you? Brooke raised her eyebrow in consternation.
Of course not! At 53 I have to have all the height I can get.
Brooke cracked up, Still trying to play with the big boys.
They both took a long pull from their beer and watched as Elizabeth tried to catch a grasshopper. So are you still having trouble with Ethan?
Not physically. He hasnt come around, but hes always in my head. Miranda chuckled, trying to make light of the answer.
You know what you need? You need to find a man. 
I dont need to find a man. They are everywhere, and I can find every freak in the tri-county area!
Brooke turned to Miranda with a wicked gleam in her eye, Aha! You have found a man, and you are hiding from him! Tell me!
Miranda rolled her eyes, Im not hiding from him. His name is Zach. He is Emilys fiances brother, and he is crazy enough to pursue me. Ive decided he is insane, and I would be insane if I didnt ignore him.
 Brooke shook her head. You would be insane if you did ignore him. Good grief, Miranda, the fact that his brother is engaged to Emily is a good sign. Besides that, you can always use him for stress relief.
Stress relief?
How long has it been since you did the deed? Brooke grinned, And you never did get the full effect with Ethan. She burst out laughing.
Miranda could only silently agree. She watched Elizabeth toddle around the yard, contemplating Brookes words. She never did truly enjoy the deed.  It was always something that had to be done to keep Ethan happy and to conceive Elizabeth. She really wasnt sure what the fuss was about, but Brooke had often assured her that it was a wonderful thing. She grimaced at the thought.
Elizabeth began to trot to the side of the house, waving at someone, Hi, hi, hi.
Miranda rose to look, but she didnt see anyone there. A shadow darted quickly from her view.
Im sure it is Jeff getting home from work, the pizza delivery guy, or some crazy jogging person on a health kick. 
Miranda smirked at her sisters joke. She grabbed Elizabeth and headed to the house. Although there was surely a good explanation, a creepy feeling worked its way down her spine. She turned to look behind her several times, but the shadow didnt return.



Chapter 7

That evening, Miranda sat cross-legged on the warm brown loveseat studying the scene of family affection in the den. She always became emotional and a little sentimental in her sisters home. Brooke and her husband, Jeff, snuggled on the extra wide recliner with a plate of pizza between them. Her two boys sprawled in front of the coffee table. Having been pulled from their Xbox war game marathon, they settled for watching cartoons with the family. Elizabeth toddled around, grabbing tiny bites of pizza from each member of the family.
The vision reminded her of her own childhood. She cherished the memories of her father and mother cuddling on the loveseat while the children lay straggled around the living room doing homework, reading, or watching television. Those were moments of comfort and security. Will I ever be able to provide Elizabeth with the comfort and security of a family? Somehow she just didnt believe it was possible.
After an hour or so of basking in the glow of family, Elizabeth began to whine. It had been a long day of emotions, driving, and catching up. She gathered Elizabeth in her arms. We are going to bed. She reached down and kissed Brookes cheek and headed to the guest room.
Marinda, you look like you are limping worse than you were.
Marinda smiled patiently. Although Brooke was the younger sister, it always amazed her that she tried so hard to be motherly. Im fine. The doctor gave me some pain killers. Ill take those before I go to sleep.
"Those painkillers may knock you out. Ill check on both of you after a while. If Elizabeth wakes and you dont hear her, Ill take care of her.
Thank you. Love you. See you in the morning. 
She and Elizabeth snuggled together in the tiny bed. Within a few minutes, they were asleep.

A strange scratching noise invaded Mirandas mind. She reached beside her and felt the shallow movement of Elizabeths chest and felt her warm breath on her neck. Must be the dogs wanting to get inside. She nestled back down, pulling Elizabeth closer. 
A sudden screeching wail broke through her deep slumber. She sat up straight, heart beating wildly. Elizabeth began to claw her way into Mirandas arms. She grabbed Elizabeth and ran wildly to the hall, where the rest of the family huddled in silence. Eyes were wide, pulses racing, bodies shivering with fear. Darkness enveloped them, interrupted only by the high piercing squeal of the alarm.
Within minutes another whine frequency began to grow louder. Police officers surrounded the house. Jeff ran to the front door, throwing it wide, inviting the officers to search the house. The rest of the family remained huddled in the hall as men tromped through the house, guns ready, yelling, maintaining contact. Dark uniforms raced through the night, illuminated by the swirling red and blue beams of light.
Suddenly, the wailing stopped. A large, darkly clad man stepped into the hall, Mr. and Mrs. Hunter, would you come with us for a moment? 
Although her name wasnt called, Miranda followed Brooke and Jeff into the living room, waiting for the report.
We have checked inside of the house and the perimeter. The intruder must have been frightened by the alarm and fled.
Jeff eyed the officer questioningly, What makes you sure that there was an intruder? Could the alarm system malfunction?
We are positive that someone was trying to enter the house. Someone has tampered with the middle window on the right side of the home.
Miranda gasped, eyes wide. That was the guest bedroom window, where she and Elizabeth slept.
Furthermore, we found a screwdriver and a piece of cloth on the ground underneath the window. Apparently the intruder dropped the items when the alarm sounded.
Brooke sniffed loudly and released her breath slowly, Can you get fingerprints from the items?
The man pursed his lips in frustration, We can, and we will. However, unless the intruder has a prior record, we may not find a match. Truthfully, even if we identified him, because entranced was not obtained, it may be difficult to convict.
Mirandas blood began to boil, So you are telling us that unless someone makes it into the house, possibly killing one of us in the process, there is nothing we can do? Her voice became shaky with rage.
Obviously, the alarm worked. He didnt get inside, and no one is hurt. You are taking your best precaution with the alarm and by locking your windows and doors.
Thank you officer, Jeff intervened, hoping to diffuse the frantic mother.
Anytime. Let us know if you need anything else.
Jeff escorted the officers from the house while Brooke put the boys back to bed. Miranda sat at the kitchen table, unable to calm her trembling nerves. 

After a long, restless night, the last thing Miranda wanted to do was go shopping, but Brooke was insistent.
I have not gotten to spoil that baby in almost three months! We are going shopping. Besides, we need to get some plans for Emilys wedding. Brooke was almost as excited as Emily about the wedding. Emily was like a little sister to both of them. She had grown up with their little brother, Ted. Ted and Emily had even dated for a while. They remained friends even after breaking up.
We will go get some wedding magazines, drink coffee at the bookstore, then run to the mall to get Elizabeth some new outfits. I found the perfect shoes the other day! Brooke loved dressing Elizabeth. She never had her own little girl to play dress up, and her boys refused to play along. Whenever Miranda and Elizabeth visited, Brooke went crazy in the stores, buying Elizabeth every piece of ruffle, lace, and bow.
They hung out in the bookstore for an hour, drinking coffee and sharing ideas for flowers, bridesmaid dresses, and reception food. Elizabeth entertained herself with hundreds of colorful books pulled from the shelves. They ventured on to the mall, where Brooke spoiled Elizabeth with designer outfits, shiny patent leather shoes, and hair accessories. Miranda rolled her eyes and giggled at the ostentatious display of childrens clothing. Knowing that the outfits would only be worn a few months before Elizabeth grew out of them, made the display even more amusing and ridiculous. But, when she tried to stop her, Brooke replied, You never know, you might have a passel of girls before you are done! Pass them on, and grinned girlishly.
When they finally sat down for lunch, with Elizabeth newly robed in a one piece dress with a bright purple tutu and matching shoes, Miranda groaned with exhaustion. She slipped her shoes off under the table and leaned back against the bench with her eyes closed.
Im ordering you a double bacon cheeseburger. You need to put on some weight, Brooke woke her from her momentary siesta.
You know, you arent my mother. You dont have to take care of me, Miranda sighed.
Someone has to. You dont take care of yourself.
Refusing to take the bait, Miranda changed the subject. How are you and Jeff doing? It seems like you are getting along better than the last time I was here.
Brooke smiled sheepishly, Yeah, we were having a slight disagreement last time. I was still pushing to try one more time for a little girl, but Jeff was refusing to discuss it. The boys are almost in junior high, and I miss my babies.
So did you get your way?
Nope. He convinced me that I need to get a puppy. That way I still have a baby to care for without the midnight feedings, Brooke smirked, her eyes reflecting sadness and submission.
Miranda reached across the table to squeeze Brookes hand, He does have a point.
He does. So, I will just have to live vicariously through you, Brooke gleamed wickedly.
When are you going to give up? I dont even have a man in my sights.
Im never giving up.



Chapter 8

When they finally got home, Miranda flopped on the couch, exhausted beyond belief. She stretched out and closed her eyes, hoping for a ten minute power nap before dinner. She groaned in frustration when her cell phone began to buzz. Glancing at the caller ID, she moaned again. She usually ignored unknown numbers, but with being out of town and recently in the hospital, the call could be important.
Hello.
Hello, beautiful, the familiar voice purred with masculinity.
Who is this?
Hearty laughter filled her ear. Its Zach. How are you feeling?
The corners of her mouth turned down as she pressed her lips together in frustration. Im fine. How did you get this number?
I have it in with your secretary, the smile in his voice traveled across the miles. All I have to do is promise inside information about my brother, and Emily is like putty in my hands. He coughed quietly, He will never live down the story of his first baseball game.
I guess Ill have to have a talk with Emily. How can I help you?
Dont be too hard on Emily. It took quite a bit of talking to get her to relent. He paused for a moment. Miranda could detect a bit of nervousness when he spoke again, I would love for you to accompany me to dinner.
Thank you for the offer, but I am out of town for the week, she sighed with relief knowing she had escaped the flat out refusal.
I know. Once Emily started talking, she told it all. He laughed nervously. I am in Abilene for the next two days.
You did not come here for me? she asked incredulously.
Actually, I did.
She took a deep breath, Well, Im sorry you went to the trou
The phone was yanked from her hand. Before she could jump up and grab the phone, Brooke ran down the hall. Miranda could hear her voice, Miranda would love to join you for dinner. Seven? That sounds lovely. She will be waiting anxiously.
Miranda screamed in frustration. What did you do?
He sounds very nice. He will be here at seven to pick you up.
He knows where you live? her voice began to rise to a feverish pitch.
Yes. I guess our little friend shared that too. Good for her. Brooke beamed with satisfaction. Come on. He can forget dinner; you are going to look delectable!

Miranda stared at herself in the mirror. Brooke had piled her hair on top of her head with a few auburn tendrils trailing down her neck. Her cheeks flushed with embarrassment at she noticed the plunging neckline of the teal dress, her bosom further accentuated with a push-up bra.  A tightly fitted bodice eased into a full skirt that ended right above her knees. Three inch heels strained her bulging calf muscles, creating a long, slender effect, broken by the dainty gold chain encircling her ankle.
You look amazing! Man, I am good! Brooke stood back to survey her work.
Im just glad we still wear the same size. There is no way you could have made me go shopping again! Miranda giggled nervously. She was still furious with the situation, but she could never stay angry with Brooke for long. She was beginning to contemplate her escape plan when the doorbell rang.
Brooke reached over and hugged her quickly, You are going to have a blast. Dont worry about Elizabeth. We will wait up for you so you can tell us all about it when you get home. She raced to answer the door.
Hello Zach. I would ask your intentions for my sister, but Im afraid to know the answer, she bumped her hip and winked flirtatiously.
I assure you that I have only chivalrous intentions, Zach grinned and held out a small bouquet of daisies. These are for the lovely lady that orchestrated the evening.
Brooke enjoyed the playful volley.  She blushed with the flowers and compliments. Come out Miranda. I dont know if I can take much more of this shameless flirting! She winked conspiratorially at the tall handsome man still standing in the doorway.
As Miranda rounded the corner, she drank in the sight.  Light from the open doorway radiated from behind the tall, muscular form. A broad smile crossed his face, and his eyes began to dance as she slowly approached. He gently reached a hand toward her, measuring her reaction as if she were a deer ready to flee at the slightest hint of danger. She grasped his hand, noticing the manicured nails on rough calloused fingers.
You look stunning.
Miranda lowered her eyes in embarrassment. Zach gently placed a finger under her chin to raise her face to his. Every time I see you, I am more amazed, his soft voice resonated in her heart so that she almost believed him.
Shifting uncomfortably, Brooke piped in, Im going to leave you alone. The sound of her voice broke the spell. They turned to her, looking stunned as if they had forgotten she was there.
Zach cleared his voice, Thank you again, Brooke. Then he turned to Miranda, Do you like Indian food?
She blinked, clearing her head, Im not sure that I have ever tried it.
Great! I know a great little place where the food is exquisite and the service is wonderful.

When they pulled into the parking lot, Miranda realized that little was quite descriptive. The place was nestled in a corner of a long building, on the outside edge of a shopping center. A tiny neon open sign blinked steadily. Inside, the wine-red walls and curtains added to the darkness of the dimly lit restaurant. A lovely, dark-skinned woman led them to an intimate corner booth. The burgundy tapestry seats attached to a paneled wall on one side and were hidden from the main dining area by sheer curtains on the other side.
After studying the menu for a moment, Miranda looked up, I am out of my league.
Zach smiled, We can fix that. Have you tried Chicken Curry?
Im not sure.
Well, that is my favorite. Why dont we try that, and if you dont like it we can go somewhere else for dessert?
Miranda smiled at his easy going nature and willingness to please. Sounds like a great idea.
After they had ordered, Zach leaned forward, ready to pounce, So tell me everything about you.
She smirked at him, I think not. You already know too much about me, and I know next to nothing about you. Im going to ask the questions this time. She deliberated for a moment before looking him straight in the eye, determined to get some answers. Why are you still single? Have you ever been married?
Zach jumped back, shocked by her directness. He rubbed his face for a moment, catching his breath. I wasnt expecting to answer those questions yet. You dont believe in subtleties do you?
Miranda smiled and shook her head, refusing to let him off the hook.
Ok. We might as well get this out of the way. He paused for a moment, mentally rehearsing the lines. I was married once for about six months. Linda and I attended the medical program at University of Oklahoma. We dated a few times then became exclusive. We talked about getting married after we both graduated. He paused for a moment as if the memory pained him. "The summer before we began our internships, she became pregnant. Determined to do the right thing, we married quickly and moved into an apartment. The strain of an internship is indescribable. I never saw her, so I dont know how hard she was working or if she was taking care of herself. At ten weeks, she had a miscarriage. He stopped for a drink then continued, After that, we lived in a daze. We had nothing in common other than work. I really dont think she liked me that much. I tried to make it work, but with so much pressure, I just couldnt Anyway, she got offered a job in New Mexico, and I stayed in Oklahoma City. We havent spoken since the day we met in the lawyers office and signed the divorce papers. He stared at her apprehensively.
Miranda reached across the table and touched his hand. Im sorry, her voice assured sincerity as she stroked his hand with reassurance.
The curtains ruffled, interrupting their exchange. After the waitress delivered their food, Miranda shuffled her food nervously. She wondered how much she would have to say in order to satiate his curiosity about her life. 
Do you not like the food? Zach looked at her with concern.
No, its really good. She picked at her food for another moment before putting down her fork, crossing her arms, and glaring at him. So how much do you want to know?
He set his fork down and gazed at her, Only as much as you want to tell me. He reached out his hand, but she refused to take it. We have as much time as you need. When you feel like talking to me, I will listen. Until then, I am happy to be with you.
She studied him for a moment, wondering if she could truly trust his words. 
How about this? Lets forego any more painful revelations for the evening and focus on the light things. For example, I noticed that the nameplate on your office door read Dr. Miranda Row. Thats quite impressive.
She blushed for a moment. I earned a PhD in education, but no one calls me doctor. It always seemed a bit pretentious to me.
Zach laughed heartily, Should I take offense?
She blushed again, knowing she misspoke, Of course not. You are a real medical physician. She took a bite of her food and continued, Im saying that I am not a physician, and I am not in a university setting. To point out your education level to random people seems excessive. Of course, I know that opinion is not shared by most people.
No. Its not. However, thats one of the things I like about you. You are not afraid to share your opinion, even if it goes against the norm.
Miranda smiled again, and began to eat heartily.
"Can I ask another question?" 
"Is the Chicken Curry some sort of bribery?" she smiled warily.
Zach laughed. She stared at him for a moment. His laughter was infectious, full and hearty. He raised his eyes, waiting for the answer to his question. She reluctantly agreed.
"How did you get that scar?"
Her eyes widened in alarm.
"Don't get freaked out. I treated you at the hospital, remember?" 
She visibly relaxed, "It was an accident. Truthfully, I don't remember everything that happened. For some reason, I was driving, and I tried to stop, but the brakes wouldn't work. The next thing I remember, my friend, Geena, was standing beside me. I had hit a culvert, and my car was destroyed. She was able to pull me out, but had slashed my side somehow. She stayed with me until the EMTs arrived." She stared down at her plate, pushing her food around with her fork. "The police said that the brake lines had been cut." She looked back at Zach, "But I can't imagine it being anything other than an accident."




Chapter 9

As they walked to the car after dinner, Zach asked, Would you like to see something interesting?
Miranda smirked and rolled her eyes, That is the worst line Ive ever heard!
They laughed for a moment as Zach opened her door and helped her into the car. When he had settled into the drivers seat, he turned to her, Lets try this again. Im a bit of a history buff. There is a place a few miles north of here that I think you would enjoy. Would you care to see it?
Much better! I think I would.
As they drove, Zach explained a little about the place. Its called Fort Phantom Hill. It was the first fort in this area to protect settlers from Indians. There isnt much there except the chimneys and a few footings. But if you close your eyes, you can visualize the way it was a hundred years ago.
Miranda looked around the parking lot and across to the site. Zach, Im afraid we have a problem. There is no way I can walk along that trail in these heels.
Zach hopped out of the car and returned momentarily. No problem! I packed slippers in case I planned to be here overnight. You can wear these, he grinned.
They are not nearly as fashionable, but they will do, Miranda smiled back.
He walked around and opened her door. Their fingers entwined as they walked to the path that led through the dilapidated buildings. Ghosts from the past whistled in the trees and danced in the moonlight. 
Miranda studied Zachs face as he led her down the path, describing each of the buildings. His expression made it seem as if he had moved to another time. His face glowed with interest and amazement as he explained the daily activities of the settlers. He described the people as if they were dear friends.
Suddenly he stopped and turned to her, I am afraid Im boring you.
Not at all. Ive never been interested in history, but you have made it seem so fascinating, as if the people are alive.
He shrugged, slightly embarrassed by the compliment. He pulled her to sit down on the edge of one of the footings. The sudden change in his demeanor made her oblivious to rough edges of the concrete scratching her legs.
There is another reason I brought you here.
Her shoulders slumped, knowing that his earlier sincerity had seemed too good to be true. I am almost afraid to ask what you expect of me.
His eyes widened with shock and disbelief, I expect nothing of you. I thought I made that clear. He took a deep breath then stood. Let me see if I can explain my motives. He began to pace for a moment. Suddenly he stopped and faced her. I simply want to share my life with you.
Miranda looked at him for a moment before dropping her head. She wanted so desperately to believe that he had good intentions, but she had fallen for this routine once before. She was convinced that just like before, he would pretend to be nice. He would pretend to care. As soon as she gave him her heart or body, he would change to become a possessive, mean-spirited, controlling fiend. She lifted her head to give him a steely stare.
He took a step back as if her gaze caused physical pain. Quite frankly, at first I understood your hesitancy to spend time together. I understand that you have been hurt, and the need for self-protection can be consuming. However, your reluctance to even speak to me is becoming offensive. He stopped for a moment and studied her face. 
The hurt in his eyes cut her to the bone. The corners of her mouth turned slightly as she contemplated his words. Im scared.
He ran to her side and knelt beside her. So am I. But each time I look at you, I know that just the possibility of a moment with you is worth any pain you might cause me. Zach gripped her hand as if it were his lifeline. I know that we have only known each other a few days, but I feel as if I know you. Your inside beauty radiates through your eyes. He reached his hand up and laid his fingers on her chest, I can feel your heartbeat under my fingertips, and I long for your heart to beat with mine. He searched her face, If I need to wait, I will. I will wait as long as it takes for you to trust me.
Tears streamed down her face. She stood and lifted him from his knees. She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled his face towards hers. 
He held back for a moment then enfolded her in his arms, returning her passion with his own.



Chapter 10

So?
So, what? Miranda tossed her purse on the couch and sauntered dreamily into the living room.
How did it go? You were out awfully late for just dinner, Brooke wiggled her eyebrows with joking insinuation.
He had more than just dinner planned, She returned the unspoken gesture. To prolong the suspense, she sat on the ottoman and began to very slowly remove each strappy heel. She stretched her legs and rubbed her aching feet.
When she decided that Brooke had been tormented enough, she relented, Just kidding. He took me to Fort Phantom Hill, and we strolled with the ghosts protecting the area from invading tribes. She beamed at the memory of their intimate moment, wondering briefly what would have happened if she encouraged him to continue. 
Miranda, come back, Miranda was startled as Brooke snapped her fingers to get her attention. While you were in dreamland, I asked when you are going to see him again.
We are taking Elizabeth to the zoo tomorrow, she grinned with excitement. 
Brooke furrowed her brows, Are you sure thats the best idea?
Of course! Elizabeth will love the zoo.
Brooke swallowed the words stuck in her throat. Thats not what I mean. I am sure hes a nice guy, but how long is this going to last. I mean, if its real, I am all for it, but if its not
Miranda paled, What are you trying to say, Brooke?
Im just saying that if he is just a fling, you do not want him near your daughter. She will get attached to him, and if he is the kind of man I think he is, he will get attached to her. Are you sure that you are ready for that?
Miranda cringed at her own stupidity. How long did she expect this to last? She decided to trust him with a kiss, but could she trust him with her life and heart? More importantly, could she trust him with her daughters heart?
She suddenly groaned with frustration and disappointment. She couldnt do this. There was no way that he would be a fling, she could feel herself becoming emotionally vested. As she remembered his light kisses running along her jaw, and the beautiful words whispered in her ear, she could feel her body flush with excitement. She had started to believe the words of devotion. She had briefly allowed herself to believe in a future infused with love and happiness. To allow her daughter to become attached, as well, would be selfish. She had to end it now, once and for all.

The next morning, Miranda met Zach on the front porch, closing the front door firmly behind her. She walked around his outstretched arms, avoiding his embrace. She refused to look in his eyes. Self-preservation ruled at the moment, and she knew that one look in his eyes might destroy the walls around her heart she had spent most of the night trying to build.
Miranda? Zach lowered his arms slowly. 
She could see the questions in his eyes. She had to get this over quickly before her heart melted and she gave in to the questions burning in her own mind.
She spun away from him, gazing across the street at nothing in particular. We cant see each other anymore. I had a wonderful time last night, but it cant happen again.
I dont understand.
You dont have to understand. Just know that its over.
Zach reached out and grasped her shoulders, turning her to him, What happened between last night and this morning that would make you change your mind so quickly?
She stepped back, trying to escape his grasp, It doesnt matter.
It matters to me! Panic gripped his face. I thought I started to see a crack in that thick wall of yours. I felt it in my heart, and I saw it in your eyes.
That was a mistake.
He squeezed his hands into fists, It was no mistake. Tell me what happened! Did I do something wrong? Did I say something?
She dropped her head, refusing to acknowledge the anguish in his voice, No. Its not anything you did.
He unclenched his hands and stepped forward, reaching out to run his fingers through the silky strands at her neck. Then tell me.
Fine. I cant risk it, okay. Yes, your words are pretty, and I would give anything to believe them. To know that you care for me and want me is bliss, but it can't happen. I am not alone. My daughter comes first.
Zachs face visibly relaxed, When I say that I want you, I mean that I want all of you. Elizabeth is part of you. He leaned in, closing the inches between them.
Its not just that she backed up slowly. 
He raised his hands beside his shoulders in retreat. Tell me.
Theres nothing to tell. I wont trust you with my heart. You will turn mean just like all the rest of them. You will get tired of me, and Mr. Nice Guy will be over.
Zachs eyes blinked rapidly in confusion, Sweetheart, you are not making sense. I dont understand what you are trying to tell me.
Its all very simple. My body is scarred and ugly. Ill never let you see it. You will get tired of waiting. Youll call me names, push me around, and get your kicks somewhere else. Been there. Done that. Never again.
Baby, Im so sorry that has happened to you, but Im not them. 
Dont make this harder than it is. Its over. She turned from him, crossed to the front door. Please dont call me, come by, or send flowers. I dont think my heart can take it. She entered the house and shut the door forcefully.
She slid down the door, crouched on the ground and hid her face in her hands as she sobbed violently. Soon, Brookes arms were around Mirandas small frame, holding her tightly, soothing her hair, and reminding her to breathe.

Brooke put Miranda to bed and insisted that she rest for a few hours. Exhaustion swept over her, and she fell asleep within minutes. She woke long enough to eat dinner then straightaway returned to a deep sleep that lasted until morning.
Sunday morning, beams of sunlight pricked her eyelids, forcing her to open them and greet the day. She immediately forced thoughts of the last few days to the back of her mind. She had to get home today, and she certainly didnt have the time or energy to think of Zach. Instead, she stumbled into the kitchen, poured her first cup of coffee for the day then joined Brooke on the back porch.
Its all or nothing with you. Isnt it? Brooke snuck a sideways glance at Miranda as she took a seat.
What do you mean? she asked halfheartedly. She wasnt sure she wanted yet another opinion from her sister.
Why in the world did you dump the one man who has treated you like a queen?
Mirandas eyes widened in shock, You told me to!
I most certainly did not! I told you not to let Elizabeth get attached until after you know that its going to last. Thats what I said! Brooke huffed with exasperation.
Well, Im saving us the trouble. I already know its not going to last. Why wait?
Whatever. Im not going to fight with you before you leave, but you are exasperating and stubborn. If he is as stubborn as you are, you are not getting rid of him anytime soon.
Miranda rolled her eyes. She took a deep drink of her hot, black coffee. 



Chapter 11

Miranda and Brooke finished their coffee in silence. Refusing to think about Brooke's words or Zach, Miranda mentally prepared to leave for home. 
Within an hour, she had showered and packed. As she loaded the car, Brooke followed with Elizabeth in her arms. Elizabeth giggled as Brooke smothered her face in kisses, fluttered her eyelashes with butterfly kisses, and rubbed noses with Eskimo kisses. She reached in and strapped the baby in her car seat then walked around the car.
"I love you. Please be careful on your way home," she wrapped her arms around Miranda.
Miranda squeezed her back, "I love you too. Thanks for letting us come down."
"You know you are welcome anytime," Brooke smiled sweetly then stepped away so Miranda could shut the door. As Miranda backed down the driveway, Brooke waved until the car was out of sight.
Miranda turned up the radio and watched in her rearview mirror as Elizabeth bobbed her head to the radio. She knew that within minutes the baby would be asleep. She tried to keep her mind clear as she mouthed the words to her favorite song.
Her cell phone, laying in the seat beside her, sounded the alarm for a text. Not recognizing the number, she reached over and looked at the text. "Thinking of you- Zach". She frowned in frustration. This man is incorrigible! Out of the blue, a giggle escaped her lips. He is clever. I told him not to call, come by, or send flowers. He didn't do any of those things. She laid the cell phone back on the passenger seat, refusing to encourage him further by replying to his text.
About halfway home, she decided to stop and grab a cup of coffee. She hated to wake Elizabeth by dragging her out of the car, but she could feel herself getting groggy. The past week had been exceedingly stressful. Even after her day of sleep, she still felt exhausted. She would much rather wake the baby than fall asleep at the wheel.
She reached in and gingerly pulled Elizabeth from her car seat. The baby wrapped her legs around her, and leaned her head on her shoulder. I might just be able to pull this off. She walked into the dingy little gas station and made her way to the coffee pot. Suddenly, Elizabeth yawned and rubbed her eyes. Seeing she was awake, she went ahead and set the baby down so she could pour her coffee. She smiled to herself as Elizabeth toddled over to the cookies. Isn't she too young to beg? When Elizabeth let out a squeal and grabbed a box of animal crackers, she realized that the begging would start early. She wandered over to Elizabeth, took her empty hand, and escorted her to the cashier. 
After she had paid for their purchases, she picked up Elizabeth, who held her cookies with both hands, and walked out to the car. As she opened the back door, she noticed something wrong. Elizabeth's car seat was thrown across the other side of the car. She stepped back quickly and scanned the interior of the car. The glove box was open and papers were strewn everywhere. The front seats were pushed forward. Elizabeth's diaper bag had been emptied in the floorboard. Miranda slammed the door and ran back inside the store.
"Did you see anyone in my car?" Miranda asked the clerk, frantically.
The clerk raised her head from the Sunday newspaper spread across the counter and blinked slowly, "No, I didn't see anything."
Miranda raised her voice, "Someone was in my car! My stuff is scattered everywhere!"
"Is anything missing?" The cashier seemed to look right through Miranda.
"I don't know. That's not the point!" Miranda slammed her fist on the counter in frustration. Elizabeth began to cry.
"Look, lady, I'm paid to watch inside the store. I don't know what goes on out there. If something's missing, we'll call the cops. If not, keep driving," she popped her gum and went back to her newspaper, ending the discussion.
Miranda grabbed her daughter's hand and walked back to the car. She peered in the windows, but didn't see anything missing. Thankfully, the rest of her things were in the trunk, and she had stuck her cell phone in her back pocket before she went inside. 
She put Elizabeth back in her seat, got in the front, and deliberately locked the doors. She laid her head on the steering wheel for a moment to catch her breath. When she had calmed down, she continued on her way home.

Thankfully, she had left early enough so that she got home in the middle of the afternoon. After the incident at the gas station, she certainly didn't feel comfortable going into her apartment after dark. She gently pulled her sleeping baby from her car seat and walked to her apartment. She unlocked the door, went inside, and laid Elizabeth in her crib. She left the front door open as she walked across the yard to grab the rest of her luggage and haul it back to the apartment. As Miranda headed to her room, she glanced in the kitchen. On the table, a clear vase held three wilted magnolias. The vase had not been there before she left for Abilene.
In the back of her mind, she heard the crash as she dropped her bags to the floor. Very slowly, as if approaching dynamite, she walked to the table. Without touching them, she searched for a card, but there was none. The magnolias were interesting. Each petal was tinged with black along the edge, forming the image of life and death in her mind. Miranda shivered and backed away slowly. 
She turned and ran from the room, grabbed Elizabeth from her crib and ran to Carolyn. She opened the door before Miranda had caught her breath. She stood on the porch, heaving. Carolyn took Elizabeth and put an arm around Miranda's waist to lead her inside.
"Flowers," Miranda panted as she sat down heavily on the couch.
Carolyn hugged Elizabeth and set her down, swatting her bottom, and calling for Lacey. "Aren't they beautiful? I've never seen anything like them."
Miranda sagged on the couch, "Who are they from?"
"I was hoping you would tell me. Earlier today, some man walked to your door carrying the vase. I went over and asked if I could take them. He handed them over and walked away. I took them inside and set them on your kitchen table so you would see them."
Miranda frowned in concentration, "Was it Zach? Or I guess you know him as Dr. Shannon."
"No. I had never seen this guy before. He wasn't from a florist or anything. He didn't have a name tag, and the florists aren't open today."
"Give me a second," she frowned again. She flipped out her cell phone, found the earlier text and replied. "I told you not to send any more flowers."
She waited for a moment then read the reply, "I didn't send flowers. -Zach."
She slid her phone back in her pocket. "What did the guy look like?"
Carolyn shrugged, "He was a tall guy with blondish hair and dark blue eyes. He was handsome, but he gave me a creepy feeling. Thankfully, he left pretty quickly after I took the flowers."
"I guess you have more than one admirer," Carolyn grinned. "Now tell me about your week."
"Only if you have some coffee," Miranda pulled herself from the couch and followed Carolyn to the kitchen. Her head throbbed with unanswered questions.




Chapter 12

The next morning, as Miranda walked off the elevator into her suite of offices, Emily greeted her with her usual vitality.
"Miranda! I'm so glad you're back. How was your week? How is Brooke?"
Miranda smiled, "It was nice, thank you."
"Did anything exciting happen?" Emily beamed at her with a mischievous grin.
"That reminds me, we need to talk about you telling people where I am and giving out my phone number," she glared pointedly.
Emily slumped her shoulders, seemingly disappointed that her plan didn't work as expected, "It wasn't just anybody. It was Zach."
"It's ok. Just don't do it again please," she replied softly. "So what do we have on the schedule for today?"
"Mr. Corbin will be here in ten minutes. You have a lunch meeting, and here are your messages."
"Thank you, Emily. Oh by the way, I'll have to show you some of the things that Brooke and I found for your wedding."
Emily perked immediately, "Oh I can't wait!"

Miranda walked into the conference room as if she were walking into a den of lions. Mr. Corbin stood right inside the door, ready to pounce.
"Mr. Corbin, how are you this morning?"
"Miranda, I'm wonderful now that I've seen such a beautiful sight." He took her outstretched hand and kissed it delicately while staring into her eyes.
The kiss sent shivers down her back, and she had to swallow the bile rising in her throat. She pointed to a seat across the table, "Shall we sit? I have the results of Jake's tests."
Ignoring her direction, he sat right beside her, invading her space. She scooted her chair away, trying to gain some room so she could breathe.
Leaning forward, his dark eyes flashed, "I didn't come here today to talk about Jake. Your assistant gave me all the information I need. I came here to see you."
Miranda stood and straightened, "I'm sorry Mr. Corbin, but I really don't have time today. I've been gone for a few days, and I have some catching up to do." She backed away towards the door. 
He reached out and caught her arm. She sensed anger restrained within his grasp. His eyes flashed, "I know you've been away. Now you are back, and I want to see you." He pulled her back towards the table and placed her in a chair. A grin swept across his face, replacing the anger she had seen a moment ago. "Down to business. I have reservations for this evening at lovely little Italian restaurant."
Miranda coolly replied, "I'm glad you have plans, but they dont involve me."
"My sweet girl, they do involve you. You will be accompanying me. If you can give an evening to that quack, you can give the same to me," he raised his eyebrows, studying her reaction.
"How do you know about that?" her mind raced with the images of her evening with Zach. 
"I have my ways. Believe me. You don't want to play games with me. I can make your life miserable," he grinned devilishly.
Miranda's stomach shook with revulsion and fear. Forcing a cold glare, she stared for a moment before replying, "You dont scare me. You have nothing on me, and the only thing I feel for you is pity."
 "We'll see, my dear. We will see." He stood and walked out of the door.
Miranda sat there for a moment, stunned. 

Miranda was sitting at her desk going through emails when Emily knocked on the door. "It's open."
Emily stuck her head around the door, "Your lunch date is here."
"Date? I thought you said it was a lunch meeting."
Emily smiled sheepishly and retreated before Miranda could back out. 
When Miranda emerged from her office, she saw Zach standing by Emily's desk animatedly telling a story, causing Emily to giggle hysterically. By the time Miranda reached the desk, Emily was clutching her sides, barely able to catch her breath.
"Hello, Miranda. You look beautiful."
"Zach, I thought I told you not to come by," Miranda pursed her lips and tried to ignore Emily as she stifled her laughter.
Zach grinned, "You said not to come by. You didn't say I couldn't make an appointment."
"You are simply playing with semantics," she replied.
He grinned at her, "If that is not reason enough, I received a phone call from your sister. It seems that I have been put in charge of making sure you eat. Apparently, you get busy and forget. So you see, I'm simply fulfilling my duty." He smiled and spread his hands as if submitting to some higher force.
She shot a look at Emily, who was beaming with pleasure. "And I assume you had something to do with that too?" Emily giggled with the exhilaration of playing matchmaker.
"Fine. Since you do have an appointment, and we have to obey my interfering sister, I will oblige this time." Turning to Emily, she hissed, "You and I will discuss this later."
She grabbed her purse and followed him out of the building.



Chapter 13

As they walked out of the building, the July heat radiated off the pavement. Miranda grabbed a clip from her bag and tied up her hair. By the time they reached the sports bar at the end of the block, her white silk blouse clung to her body. Casting a glance at Zach, she could see beads of sweat glistening in the dip of his throat. Images of the bulging pecs that swelled beneath his tight black t-shirt flashed through her mind. She allowed the picture to travel down to the washboard abs rippling down to a thin trail of hair that lead to the top of his jeans. What am I doing? She shook the thoughts from her head and allowed him to open the door for her. 
They found seats in a corner booth. Miranda looked around the small dining room. It took a moment for her eyes to adjust to the minimal lighting after coming in from the harsh, roasting sunshine. She had never been here before, but she found it quite charming. Sports memorabilia and beer signs covered the walls. The smell of grilled onions filled the air. She sighed with relief as the coolness swept over her body.
When the waitress arrived, they ordered cheeseburgers and beer then sat in silence for a few minutes.
"So how has your day been so far?" 
Miranda shook her head, "I don't want to talk about it."
"What would you like to talk about?"
She looked at him questioningly, "What were telling Emily that had her so giggly?"
He smiled at her, "I have been telling her some stories about my brother. She has to know what she's getting into." He flashed a wicked grin.
Without thinking, she smiled; amazed at the way his face lit up when he was happy. His blue eyes twinkled with amusement.
"Tell me. I need to hear something funny today."
"He would kill me if he knew I was telling you guys this," he grinned unapologetically. "When we were in junior high, he decided he wanted to impress a girl. She loved glam rock, and he decided that the best way to get her attention would be to convince her that he had his own band. Now, the boy couldn't play any instrument, and he couldn't carry a tune in a bucket. That didn't deter him. He found our dad's old guitar and borrowed Mom's makeup and hairspray." Zach chuckled at the memory. "The next morning, he walked into school with his hair sticking up everywhere, full glam makeup all over his face, carrying his guitar. Everyone stared as he walked up to the girl. He proceeded to bang the guitar and scream Pour Some Sugar on Me."
Miranda stared at him wide-eyed, "Did it work?"
"Believe it or not, it did. I don't know if she agreed to go out with him because she was impressed, she took mercy on him, or she just wanted it to stop. She said yes, and they went out for several months."
She giggled and shook her head.
"That's not the worst part," he paused, deciding whether he wanted to share the next part. "Since his outrageousness worked for him, I decided I would try it. Only, instead of a rocker, I decided to be a French poet." He nodded, acknowledging his bad mistake. "My girl loved poetry and all things French. So, I went to the store and grabbed a beret. Then, I wrote several poems. Of course, I didn't know fine poetry from Roses are Red or Dr. Seuss. I tried a few times, but gave up pretty quickly. I found a poetry book of my mom's and copied How Do I Love Thee. I walked up and down the hallways at school, wearing my beret and quoting the only poem I knew. I thought I was on a roll until the literature teacher let me know that she was proud of me for memorizing such a famous poem."
She laughed and leaned forward, "So did you get your girl?"
"Yeah, I think she gave into me for the same reasons. Then she asked me to stop wearing the beret and speaking with a French accent while quoting American poetry. She knew I was from Oklahoma."
His laughter was contagious as he continued to tell her of his childhood antics. By the time their food had arrived, she had laughed hard enough that her sides hurt. 
He gazed at her across the table, "I love to see you smile. I want to make you smile more often."
Her laughter faded and was replaced by a rueful smile. She concentrated on her food to avoid further serious conversation. Picking up on her sudden change, Zach began to relate another story. Her relief was evident on her face until a familiar voice at her side drew her attention.
"So the good doctor is slumming, is he?"
Miranda looked up to see Lee Corbin standing at her side, sneering at Zach.
"Mr. Corbin, please leave," she stated firmly while wearing a ferocious glare.
Zach stood, his body flexing with anger and restraint, "I would suggest that you leave immediately." 
Miranda flinched. She recognized the look of rage on Zach's face.
"Oh, come on. You don't want me to leave yet, at least not until I've told you a few things about our lovely lady here." He glanced at her maliciously and continued. "Did she tell you that she's like a dead fish in bed?"
Miranda gasped in shock and horror.
His eyes gleamed with delight, "It's not like you haven't heard the phrase before. You have, haven't you?"
She swallowed loudly as she remembered the words being spoken on a nightly basis for two years.
"This is your last warning, Corbin. Shut your mouth and leave!"
By this time, several eyes around the restaurant had turned to seek out the cause of the disturbance.
"But I'm not quite done." He turned his angry stare back to Zach, "Besides being frigid, if you leave the lights on, you'll wish you hadn't. She's horribly scarred from an unfortunate accident and a c-section surgery. It's really rather disgusting." He paused, looked at the ceiling as though trying to find the words, "It's like opening a present on Christmas morning, only to find a broken toy."
Zach leaped forward over the table and grabbed Corbin by the lapels of his jacket. His face was red and the veins in his neck pumped wildly. He drew back his fist and let go with such force that he nearly fell over when he connected with air. Another diner grabbed Corbin out of the way, holding his arms while the manager came running from the back. "Get out before I call the police!"
Zach stood there for a moment, seething with rage and running the conversation through his mind. When he had calmed, he turned to find Miranda crouched in the corner, visibly shaking. He slid in the booth beside her and wrapped his arms around her tiny body. He could feel her heart beating wildly. He soothed the fallen hair from her face.
"Who was that guy? You said in the hospital that he was a client. Where would he get that information?"
She shook her head, refusing to look him in the eyes.
"Miranda, look at me." He placed a finger under her chin and turned her face towards his. Tears streaked down her face. She kept her eyes lowered. "He said you have heard those words before. Who has said those things to you?"
"Ethan." The word was barely audible. "Ethan said those things to me everyday, at least once."
Zach shook his head, clenching his jaw. He tightened his fist, willing someone to come near him so he could release his rage. He immediately calmed when he looked at Miranda again.
"It's all true. I tried to tell you. Now you know the truth."
Zach lifted her face again, searching for her eyes. He refused to let her hide. "It's not true. He used those words to keep you in bondage. He wanted control."
She finally returned his gaze, fear still radiating from her eyes. "How would you know?"
"Because he didn't love you like I do. No woman can be like that with a man who loves her enough to put her first." He paused to look at her with a kind smile. "I have seen many c-section scars. They are a badge of honor. I've already seen your scars, and they look beautiful on you. They are part of who you are, and as I've told you before, I want all of you." He drew her close and wrapped her in his arms. 
  Tears continued to stream down her face as she fell into his arms. She let go of her reservations and laid her head on his chest, listening to the sound of his heartbeat, realizing that it beat in time with hers.



Chapter 14

After Miranda stopped shaking, they walked back to her office with his arm around her shoulder and her arm wrapped tightly around his waist. Although the heat was stifling, she needed his arm around her for support. She could feel his strength radiating through her body. When they reached the entrance to her building, she turned to say goodbye.
"I'm not leaving you like this," he reached around her to open the door.
She stood rooted to the spot. "I have to work, Zach. I've been gone for a week."
"So I'll stay here until you are ready to go," he opened the door and placed his hand on the small of her back, sending electricity through her spine. 
Shaking her head, she entered the building ahead of him and led him to the elevator. As the doors opened, Emily smiled, hoping her matchmaking schemes had succeeded.
Zach entered behind Miranda and walked straight to Emily's desk, "Emily, we will be in Miranda's office. Please buzz me before you let anyone in. If you see Mr. Corbin, call the police immediately."
They continued to Miranda's office. Zach sat in a chair in the corner and picked up a newspaper.
"Are you going to just sit there for the rest of the afternoon? Don't you have something you need to do?"
Zach looked at her and wiggled his eyebrows playfully, "Is there something else you'd rather do?"
Color rose to her cheeks. "No, but I don't need a babysitter. I have work to do."
"I know you dont need a babysitter. I'm here as moral support and a bodyguard in case that freak decides to call again. Go ahead and work. I'll sit right here and be quiet so I dont disturb you."
She nodded, still unconvinced. Throughout the afternoon, Miranda answered emails, returned calls, and sifted through piles of mail. Every once in a while, she would glance at Zach and catch him staring at her.
Finally, she stopped and looked directly at him, "Why do you keep looking at me?"
"Because you are beautiful." He nonchalantly stood and walked to her desk. He leaned over her as she raised her head to look in his eyes. Slowly, he lowered his head and met her lips with his own.
Heat flashed through her body. Closing her eyes, she concentrated on the waves of desire that clouded her mind. 
When he finally retreated, she opened her eyes. In his hand, he held a small, flat, square box. She frowned in confusion.
I was going to give this to you at lunch, but we were interrupted. He handed her the box.
She removed the lid and the tissue paper to find a silver bracelet. The chain was thin and dainty. As she picked it up, she could see three little heart charms hanging from the chain. Examining the charms, she found a letter engraved on each heart. E, M, Z. Each of their initials hung from the bracelet, chained together.
She gasped as he took the bracelet from her hand and hung it on her wrist. Do you like it? Lines of worry trailed from the corners of his eyes.
I love it, she gasped. 
Immediately, the worry left his eyes. A smile crossed his face, and leaned towards her again. His kisses trailed along her jaw line and along the curve of her neck. His warm breath swathed her skin. He whispered in her ear, Are you ready to go?
Unable to speak, she nodded almost imperceptibly.

Miranda shielded herself with her car door, using Elizabeth as an excuse to escape from Zachs determined gaze. Thank you for staying with me this afternoon.
No problem, he replied without shifting his look. Go ahead and drive home. Ill be right behind you.
Miranda stared at him, I can find my way home. What exactly are you thinking?
Im thinking that there is a crazy man out there that has threatened you more than once. You can't be at home alone.
Her eyes widened, You are not going to stay with me! Ive barely consented to date you. There is no way you are taking over my life!
He reached out to touch her hand, but she pulled away immediately. Miranda, I promise that I do not want to control you or hurt you in any way. In fact, Ill sleep on the couch, but you have to think about Elizabeth. You cant defend both of you by yourself.
Dont you dare use my daughter to get what you want! Her blood boiled with rage. But as she searched his face, she saw no manipulation. His eyes were filled with concern. 
She breathed deeply, trying to decide whether to fall back into her pattern of fear and self-protection or to trust this man. To trust him brought so many possibilities; love, family, protection, and  hurt. To even consider allowing him into her life proved that he held the ability to inflict intense pain on her heart and mind. She wondered briefly if she could truly survive one more broken heart. Would she ever truly heal?
Very carefully, he reached for her again, Can we make a deal? How about if I stay with you for a little while? As soon as you tell me to leave, I will.
She swallowed deeply, willing the fear to subside, Thats fine. Well order some pizza and hang out for a little bit.

Ive ordered the pizza, and Elizabeth is taking a catnap. If you want, you can see if there is a movie you want to watch, and Im going to take a quick shower.
Great! Zach called from the couch. He was strategically located where he could see out of the front window and reach the door quickly. 
As she showered, she was acutely aware of his presence in the living room with only a wall between them. Her thoughts were mixed with discomfort and a niggling curiosity. Only moments ago, she considered throwing away any chance to get close to him. Now she craved his nearness. 
As she towel dried her long, auburn curls, she stepped around the corner to sneak another look at him. The picture in the living room stopped her cold. Zach was sitting in the same spot with Elizabeth curled in his arms. She held a book in her hands as he whispered, reading the words in her ear. He pointed at the pictures, adding to the story, creating voices for the characters, and talking to her. Elizabeth raised her head to look at him with a gaze of rapture in her eyes. They were so engrossed that they didnt even pause to see Miranda watching them silently. Tears rolled down her cheeks as she stared at the intimate scene they had created. Family.
Miranda wiped her tears away, threw her towel over the rack, and walked into the living room.
She woke up. I hope you dont mind that I got her, he raised his eyebrows questioningly.
Thats fine. She loves to read, and it looks like she is quite content.
He smiled down at the tiny blond girl snuggled in his lap. He lifted his eyes to meet Mirandas, So am I.



Chapter 15

The next morning, slats of light crossed her face as beams of sunshine filtered through the slightly open blinds. Trying to throw her arm over her eyes, she felt heaviness wrapped around her body. Startled, she turned to find that Zachs arms completely encircled hers as they lay side by side on the couch. 
She smiled as she remembered their evening. They sat on the floor around the coffee table eating pizza directly from the box. Zach entertained Elizabeth with nursery rhymes and fairy tales. Miranda watched them as they laughed together. Awe swept over her as she realized that she had found a man that truly personified the love she remembered from her own father. At one time, she believed that men no longer held that kind of compassion, yet here was a strong, protective figure that had no compulsion to strut his masculinity. He was able to open his heart and show softness rather than cruelty, and mete out kindness rather than pain.
After dinner, she put Elizabeth to bed. She walked back into the living room and sat down, crossing her legs beneath her, and facing the man she was trying to get to know. Where did you learn all of those stories?
Well, first, I have several nieces and nephews. I try to spend time with them when I can. He dropped his head for a moment. When he raised it again, she could see the emotion held deep in his eyes. I also spend a lot of time with children at the hospital. Some of them are there long term. I have found that the little ones love to listen to stories. The older ones want someone to listen to them.
She held back her tears as she considered his words, comparing them to the masked look of pain in his eyes and the tiny lines that radiated from their corners. Rather than asking him to share his pain, she let him hold it, knowing he wasnt quite ready to share. She turned and leaned against him as he wrapped his arms around her.
Cries from the other room broke the spell, and Zach raised himself from the couch and looked in her eyes. Good morning, Sweetheart. Did you sleep well? He tucked a stray hair behind her ear and smiled gently.
I did, she replied softly. But it sounds like someone is ready to get up, now. Unwrapping herself from his embrace left her feeling cold and lonely. She shivered for a moment then sprinted to Elizabeth's room. She picked up the baby and went into the kitchen where Zach was making coffee. 
When she walked in, she remembered the magnolias on the table. Zach, are you sure you didnt send these flowers when I was in Abilene? Carolyn brought them in, but she didnt recognize the deliverer.
Zach looked over to the table, Im positive. Im not going to do something you asked me not to do. Was there a card or anything?
No. I have no idea where they came from. I was kind of hoping it was you. If not
She turned to look at him. Worry etched her eyes, and she swallowed deeply. 
Sensing her fear, he walked over to her and draped his arms around her and Elizabeth. Miranda, I have to go to work today. I am going to follow you to work, and walk you in. I plan to be there after work to escort you home.
Miranda looked up, realizing that she no longer felt the need to argue with him. Thank you.
There is no need to thank me. Im the happiest man in the world this morning. Last night I slept with my arms wrapped around the most beautiful girl in the world. He reached down and kissed Elizabeth on the forehead, And this morning I am waking up to see my two sweet girls.

The day passed in a haze. Miranda caught herself daydreaming several times. Glimpses of his face would pass through her mind, and she would wonder what he was doing. She glanced at the clock every few minutes and was amazed at how slowly the day crept by. After what seemed like an eternity, she turned off her computer and gathered her things. Just as she was about to walk out of the door, her phone rang. 
Miranda, Im stuck at work. There is no way I can leave just yet. Is there a friends house where you can go until I get there? I really dont feel comfortable with you being alone just yet.
She sighed silently in disappointment. She had been waiting to see him all day, and it felt like an eternity. She also knew that he would be with her if he could. Thats fine. I will be at Carolyns apartment. She lives right across from me. Text me when you get there.
Relief flooded his voice, Oh good! I will be there as soon as I can.

Carolyn practically pounced on Miranda when she opened the door. Where have you been? I havent seen you in forever! She almost knocked Miranda down as she wrapped her in a grand hug.
You will never believe everything that has happened over the last few days.
Carolyn searched Mirandas face for a moment, What is this? I know that look.
Miranda tried to look confused, but she knew exactly what Carolyn was hinting at. She had seen the look in her own eyes when she looked in the mirror.
You are in love, arent you? Carolyn hopped up and hugged her again. Is it Zach? Tell me everything! I have to know!
She smiled shyly, I guess I cant hide anything from you. Yes, it is Zach. I wouldnt say Im in love, but I definitely like him. He is kind and sweet, and generous. 
And dont forget, incredibly handsome.
She giggled, then rolled her eyes at her own silliness. When was the last time she had actually giggled? Yes, he is very attractive. She suddenly became very serious.
But? Carolyn looked at her with concern.
But Zach is worried that something is going to happen. Im not quite sure what it is. I know that he did not send the flowers that you took into my apartment the other day. He doesnt know that Brooke's house was almost burglarized, and my car was broken into and trashed when I stopped at a gas station while we were on our way home from Abilene. One of my clients verbally attacked me at work, followed us to a restaurant, and physically attacked Zach there.
Why didnt you tell him about your sister's house or your car?
She took a deep breath and rolled her eyes, Because he is already so protective! I think he may be blowing all of this out of proportion. But honestly, Im not sure if he is or not.
Well then, I dont think Id take any chances. Carolyn smiled grimly.



Chapter 16

Mirandas ring tone sounded with a text message. She had been waiting for Zach for a couple of hours. She was ready to go home, grab a bite to eat, and get Elizabeth in bed. She grabbed her phone, expecting Zach to write that he was on his way.
"Im still held up at the hospital. It might be a while. Can you stay with Carolyn?  Zach".
She read the text message and sighed. She was positive that he was overreacting. "Yes, I can stay with Carolyn.  Miranda", she responded. She didnt lie. She could stay with Carolyn. She just didnt tell him that she had no intention of staying anywhere other than her bed. After sleeping on the couch last night, she craved her mattress and pillow.
Im going to go home and get in bed. Thank you, so much, for letting us hang out here, Miranda reached over and hugged her dear friend.
Are you sure thats a good idea? Concern etched lines on her forehead.
It will be fine. Zach will be there in a little while. I really need some sleep. It has been a hectic week! Miranda smiled and blushed as images of Zach rushed through her mind.
Call if you need anything, Carolyn said, returning her hug.

Miranda carried Elizabeths small, sleeping body across the apartment courtyard. She quietly opened the apartment door and took her to her room, careful to lay her in her crib without waking her. As she shut the door to her room, she let out a sigh of relief. She needed a long hot bath and to curl up in her pajamas. She walked back into the living room to make sure the door was locked.
  A sickly sweet voice sounded behind her, Well isnt this cozy?
Shock and heat rushed through her body as she froze in place, recognizing the voice. Before she could move, tense electricity moved in behind her. She could feel the womans breath on her neck. Did you think you could wait for your lover boy to come home? Sorry, hes going to be occupied for a while.
Miranda ran through her options. The voice was Geenas, and although Geena had betrayed her, she had never truly been a threat. 
She turned slowly, Why are you here? She continued to control her heart rate and breathing as she glanced down to see a gleaming silver blade in her hand. She met eyes, hard and cold, filled with hatred. The woman who had always been so manicured and proper, exuded desperation. Lips stretched thin over bared teeth. Frenetic red curls escaped their tie and surrounded her face, exaggerating the dark shadows under her eyes. She looked frail and ready to snap at any moment.
You really dont know? No, you probably dont. You always were a little nave. She waved the knife, Why dont you sit down over there for a moment, and Ill explain it to you?
Miranda eased onto the couch, avoiding any sudden movements.
So, do you remember the little talk we had in the park? You gave us your blessing, as if I needed it. She paced back and forth in front of the couch, waving the knife in the air. Ive spent years supporting him, holding him, and loving him. Still, all he can talk about is you! He is obsessed with you, as if you are worth a moment of his time! She stopped to stand in front of Miranda, pointing the knife, becoming dangerously close. 
Maniacal laughter escaped her lips. Did you think I would compete with you? There is no competition! But, I began to think that there is an easier solution. Her eyes took on a gleam of excitement as she considered her perfect plan. If you are dead, he has no reason to think of you!" Geena threw back her head with fiendish laughter
"Geena!" A thick, low voice growled behind Miranda. When she heard Elizabeth scream, she turned quickly. Horror filled her as she saw Elizabeth hanging precariously from Lee Corbin's arm. His other hand dangled at his side, holding a Glock 9mm, pointed at the floor. "We weren't paid to kill anyone. You kill her, and we lose everything."
Geena sneered at him, "Do you really think I care about the money? I don't give a damn about the money. I want her dead."
Miranda could hear Corbin's teeth grind, "We were instructed to take this slut and her brat directly to the hotel. When we get there, we get our money. I'm not losing out because you've gone crazy. Put that knife down!"
"Oh, Lee, this is so much better! The slut is dead, and I raise the brat! It's perfect! Oh, Ethan might grieve his little princess for a while, but he'll get over it."
Miranda watched as Corbin raised the gun, "Don't make me tell you again. Put the knife down!"
Geena swung her eyes to Miranda. Tears rolled down her face, and her body tensed. Suddenly, she leapt at Miranda. She swerved to the left and kicked Geena's knee to the side. Cartilage popped as she fell to the floor. Without warning, a shot reverberated against the walls. Geena's face paled with shock as a red stream spread across her chest, and she fell to the floor.
"Take this brat and make her shut up!" Corbin flung Elizabeth into Miranda's arms.  



Chapter 17

Elizabeth wrapped her arms and legs around Miranda, burying her face in her neck. Miranda watched Corbin as he sauntered to a brown leather bag lying in the corner. He rummaged through the bag for a moment before returning with a rope in his hands. 
"You know, you could have made this so much easier on both of us. If you had just gone to dinner with me like I asked, there would have been no blood. But no, you have to do things the hard way." Corbin continued to walk towards her with the rope in his hands. He stepped over Geena's body and shook his head, "What a shame."
Miranda played scenarios through her mind. Corbin may have been behind all of the weird things happening over the last two weeks. Or it might have been Geena. Zach had been right to be so worried. She kept her voice calm, hoping to reason with the man, "Why are you doing this?"
"Are you as dense as she was?" He nodded his head at the woman in the floor, surrounded by dark blood. "I just told her it's about the money. Nothing more, nothing less. Hold your hands out."
She squeezed her arms together to keep Elizabeth between them and placed her wrists together in front of her. "Who is paying you to do this? Do you know what his plans are?"
"I don't know, and I don't care," he proceeded to bind her wrists with the rope.
"You don't have to do this. You can walk away now. A man who pays for something like this isn't exactly known for his upstanding dealings. You might take us to him, but you probably won't get your money."
He laughed derisively, "Oh I will get paid. If nothing else, you'll pay me while he watches." He leered at her with a look that made her skin crawl. "That may be better payment anyway."
He pushed her up off the couch then grabbed a baby blanket lying on the side of the couch and wrapped it around them. She could feel his hard, muscular body slide against her back as he slid around her. The point of his gun pressed painfully in her spine. She closed her eyes, willing herself to remain calm.
"Now, we are going to walk out of this apartment and to your car." He continued to slide around her, stopping only to slither his tongue along the curve of her neck up to her ear. She shivered in disgust, but remained perfectly still. "You won't say a word. You won't scream. You will do exactly as I say." She could feel the tip of the gun move along her back and around her side to rest between her and Elizabeth.
"If you don't, I will kill her. And before you bother to argue that I am being paid to deliver both of you," he grinned and leaned close to her again, "You are worth the big bucks. She's just a bonus. I'm willing to take a loss." 
Miranda's stomach lurched and her knees nearly buckled. He grabbed her arm, steadying her. "I need to grab my purse."
He picked it up and thrust it into her hands then pushed her out the front door.
Miranda's mind raced as she tried to remember his instructions. She began walking casually across the courtyard to her car, trying desperately not to shake. There was no way she could drop Elizabeth. She was gripping Miranda's body with all four limbs.
"Miranda! Miranda!"
She tried to ignore Carolyn's urgent call. She did not want Carolyn involved in any way, but she wouldn't be deterred. She ran up and stopped right in front of them. Miranda smiled anxiously.
"Sorry to interrupt you, but I forgot to ask if you could watch Lacey tomorrow while I go to the doctor."
Corbin jammed the gun into her side. Miranda cleared her throat, hoping to stop the shaking, "I'm sorry, but I can't. I have meetings tomorrow that I can't put off."
Carolyn smiled, seemingly oblivious to the situation in front of her. "No problem, I'll ask my mother-in-law." She turned to Corbin and stuck out her hand. "I don't think we've met."
Corbin ignored her hand and stared at her with eyes of steel. Miranda smiled again, "This is my dear friend Mr. Corbin. I'm sorry, but we are really in a hurry."
"No problem, it was nice to meet you!" Carolyn turned and trotted away. She turned once and scanned the scene anxiously before retreating into her apartment.
"Good job. Now get in the car," Corbin growled in her ear. He opened the passenger side door and shoved her inside.
When he had settled behind the steering wheel, she began to speak in a timid voice, "Could you please untie me? I have to get Elizabeth in her car seat."
"Pfft, like I'm going to untie you. You must think I'm as dumb as our dear dead friend."
Regaining her voice, "Corbin, if the police see you driving with Elizabeth in the front seat, you will be pulled over."
He grinned devilishly, "Then they won't see her." He pulled the blanket up over Elizabeth's head. The child, immobilized by fear, didn't move.
As they pulled out of the parking lot and into the flow of traffic, Miranda tried to relax. Scanning her surroundings, she noticed that the sun was setting. Darkness could increase the likelihood of escape or, possibly, aid in Corbin's success. She considered screaming at passing cars, but Corbin's gun still pressed against her side. With her hands tied, she couldn't jump from the car without risking Elizabeth. Without doubt, her first priority was Elizabeth's safety. For now, her best option may be to go along. However, she would keep her eyes open for any opportunity to get away.


Chapter 18

They pulled into a seedy hotel, a two-story single strip of rooms. Corbin pulled around and parked behind a set of dumpsters, out of sight of the nearby road and the hotel office. Darkness surrounded them, and Miranda stumbled as he pulled her roughly from the car. Unable to grip the handrail, she swayed with exhaustion as she climbed the stairs to the second story. Curtains parted slightly then immediately closed as they passed rooms down to the middle of the strip. 
Before Corbin could knock, the floor flew open, and Miranda felt herself being pulled into a set of shaking arms. Ethan pulled her into the room and slammed the door behind them. Immediately, her body began to tremble with fear as everything began to fall into place. Ethan had promised he would never let her go. It was obvious that he was willing to go to extreme lengths to keep her in his grasp.
"Did you hurt her?" Ethan's eyes were frantic as he scanned her face.
Corbin sneered, "Not a scratch."
Ethan continued to search her face. As he leaned closer, Miranda swallowed revulsion. He raised his hands to place on either side of her face.
"You got your prize. Now give me money so I can get out of here."
Ethan's eyes didn't leave her face as he answered, "You'll get your money."
Corbin took two long strides and placed his gun against Miranda's temple, "Now, Ethan. Don't try to play games with me. I'd just as soon see this whore dead!"
Ethan gasped almost imperceptibly then moved to a briefcase on the bed. He shoved it into Corbin's hands. Corbin grabbed the briefcase, opened it and sifted through the pile of bills. "You are one sick man, Ethan." He walked to the door and turned, "Nice doing business with you." He opened the door and slammed it behind him, leaving Miranda alone with the one man who caused her more terror than she had ever known.
Miranda resisted the urge to slap his hand away as he tenderly reached up to pull the blanket off of Elizabeth's face. The child gripped her mother more tightly. She began to shiver uncontrollably as the cold air conditioning hit her sweat soaked body. 
Ethan touched her back lightly, "So this is our daughter. I've seen her many times from a distance, but this is the first time I've touched her. She's beautiful. What did you name her?"
"Elizabeth," she replied through gritted teeth.
"For my mother?" He sneered with contempt.
Her voice trembled as she realized the significance of the name. She had met his mother, Elizabeth Row, on several occasions. She was a domineering woman, a southern belle who had met and married an oil tycoon and moved to Oklahoma. Affection had no place in her life, and Ethan had paid the price. Raised by babysitters and nannies, he had relayed stories of abuse to his mother, only to be ignored. After years of vying for his mother's love, he finally gave up, knowing she was uncontrollable, cold hearted, and dispassionate. His longing eventually turned to loathing.
 "No, Ethan, no. It's my middle name too, remember?" she smiled, hoping to remove his anger.
His face softened slightly, "She does look like you." 
She lost her breath as he rushed her and covered her face with kisses, "Oh, Miranda, I missed you."
She swallowed the bile rising in her throat, "I missed you, too."
When he finally released her, she ventured, "Geena's dead."
He stepped back, and she witnessed a flash of pain cross his eyes. "That girl was crazy." He turned from her and stomped across to the mini-fridge, grabbed a beer and guzzled half of it.
Miranda steeled herself before she asked the question that had tortured her, "Did you sleep with her?"
He slammed the bottle on the counter. She watched as foam spilled over the side. "Is that what she told you?" He rubbed his hands over his face, "You know that I love you. Don't you remember that we were each other's firsts?"
She nodded while searching his face for the signals of deceit. His lie was written across his face.
"Ethan, can you untie me? Please?"
"I don't know that I can trust you." He turned back to his beer and drank what little was left.
"Ethan, Baby, how can I convince you that I made mistake when my hands are tied?" She sauntered to his side and slid her bound hands up his arm. His body shook as he stared off into the distance before moving away from her.
"We are going to California." He grabbed another beer and sat down at the table. "I think I owe you another honeymoon. Then we might just stay there."
She sat down across from him. Shock and horror raced through her body. She had to do something quickly before he took her. She calmed her breathing and smiled complacently, "That sounds wonderful. I love the beach. Can we take Elizabeth to see the walruses under the San Jose Boardwalk?" 
His face twisted with torture. Pain seemed to coil through his body as he rose. She watched him pace, running his fingers through his hair. "Why, Miranda? Why did you do it?" She heard his voice catch, "Why did you leave me? I didn't even get to see our daughter born?"
Her mind raced, searching for an answer that would please him and gain his trust. Her mind drifted back to the night she had decided to leave. She had cooked pork chops for dinner. She had never been a very good cook, and he was quite adept at reminding her of that fact. This particular night, she was proud of how dinner turned out. He walked into the dining room ad sat down. Suddenly, he stood, took his plate to the trash, and dumped it. At that moment, she realized that she was just so tired. She was tired of being called fat, ugly, scarred, and useless. She was tired of his drastic mood swings, and tired of his tantrums. She was seven months pregnant, and she knew she couldn't raise her child with a man so unpredictable. The next morning, she packed her car and raced back to Oklahoma. 
Ethan returned to stand in front of her, his body shaking, "How could you do that to me? You just left with no word whatsoever."
"I tried to tell you, Ethan. You hurt me! You called me names and put me down. I tried to love you, but you didn't love me."
His fists clenched at his sides, "I did love you! I tried to make you a better wife and mother! I was trying to take care of you! Everything I did was for you. If I didn't follow you around and keep you in place, who knows who would look at you or try to take you away from me?" his voice shook as he fought for control.
Seeing that he was quickly losing control, she changed her tact. She knew that if she pushed him any further, he would lose his temper. She allowed the tears that she been holding back to spill over her cheeks. She sat Elizabeth on the chair and walked slowly over to where Ethan paced. She kneeled before him and raised her head to look in his eyes. 
"Oh Ethan, I'm so sorry! I did it for you. You are such an incredible man; I knew you deserved someone better than me, someone who isn't scarred, fat, and useless. I never thought I would hurt you!" She bowed her head, sobbing hysterically, and praying desperately that her words had hit their mark.
He reached down and pulled her to her feet, searching her face. Suddenly, he wrapped his arms around her body and her legs, lifted her and carried her to the bed. He laid her down gently and began to cover her with kisses. Panic filled her as trembling fingers reached for the buttons on her blouse.  
Miranda pushed lightly against his chest, "Ethan, wait."
"I can't wait, I've been separated from you for so long." He continued to move his hands along her body.
"Ethan, please.  I need to freshen up, honey. I want to be beautiful for you." She pleaded with him silently. "I need to touch you."
Very slowly, anxiously, he began to unwrap her wrists. When he had finished, she rubbed the marks left behind. She raised herself up and kissed his cheek.
Walking to the bathroom she smiled and grabbed a beer from the fridge. Then she grabbed her purse and walked into the bathroom.



Chapter 19

This was her chance. If she didn't figure out something immediately, there wouldn't be another one. She searched through her purse frantically. Her cell phone was there, and Carolyn could track it, but she couldn't risk being heard through these paper thin walls. As she continued to search, she suddenly found a prescription bottle, the Loratabs she had been prescribed for her ankle. She quickly poured three of them on the sink. After a second thought, she dumped two more, took off her shoe and crushed them. She dumped them in the beer bottle and swirled it gently.
She dabbed on some makeup and walked to the refrigerator again, "Want another beer?"
Ethan looked up from where he crouched beside Elizabeth. He nodded silently. She squatted down behind the door of the fridge, grabbed a beer and switched hands. She walked to the table and handed him one then sat down. 
Ethan stood, "Come on, Baby. Let's do this." He pulled a long drink from the bottle and set it down, again.
"Um, Can I drink this first? I'm so nervous," she giggled lightly, trying to sound innocent.
"What have you got to be nervous about?" Blood red rage began to crawl up his neck onto his face. He slammed his fist on the table, making Miranda jump and Elizabeth scream. "Are you playing me?"
Miranda shook her head emphatically.
"Is this about that doctor? Corbin said you were whoring around with him. Have you been sleeping with that doctor?"
Miranda continued to shake her head, frightened and silent. Ethan took a shaky step towards her, his fist stilled clenched. 
"No, Ethan, no. I've been saving myself for you. I've never wanted anyone else."
He unclenched his fist long enough to take another long drink. "Then no more waiting." 
He reached over and grabbed her hand. Fear wrenched through her body, and she tightened her lips to force back her scream. He pulled her forcefully, and she stumbled onto the bed. He stumbled toward the bed, fumbling with the buttons on his shirt. 
"What the"
Red and blue lights flashed against the bright white walls. Miranda pushed herself up on her elbows. His hand slammed against her. She flew back against the bed as pain exploded in her face. Ethan pulled a gun from his waistband. His words were muffled as he grabbed her by the hair and pulled her to the door. 
"Ethan Row, come out with your hands up."
Ethan staggered to the door, "Open it."
Miranda opened the door and walked out slowly. Ethan held her hair in one hand and his gun in the other. He pushed her to the railing, lurching as if he had lost control of his legs. She could feel the pressure of his body leaning on her. As he continued to lose control of his muscles, he relied on Miranda for support. She braced her hands on the rail, trying to hold him up. Her face burned where he had backhanded her, and her sight was still slightly blurry. But she could see the parking lot filled with flashing lights and hear Elizabeth's screams in the room behind her.
A deep squeal below her demanded her attention as she realized the rail was weakening. Bolts began to pull, and the rail lurched forward. Unable to stand Ethan's weight any longer, she struggled to the side, pushing his weight off of her. 
A deep roar filled her ears as the rail plummeted. She threw herself back and watched as Ethan's drug-induced body tumbled over the side.

A warm blanket surrounded her. She looked around and felt comfort as she sat before the blazing fire of her parent's home. This can't be right. I'm not really here. She struggled to remember. 
Hearing her name, she strained to open her eyes. Memories flooded her mind as she looked around and found herself in the back of a police car. Elizabeth sat in her lap, and she was curled against Zach's side.
"I was so afraid I lost you," he whispered as he nuzzled her neck.
She looked up into his eyes, "You will never lose me. I'm yours."
He squeezed her tighter, wrapping his arms around his girls.
The police car door squealed as it opened. "Ms. Row, I have a few questions to ask you."
Zach started to answer, but she held up her hand to stop him. "I can do this. I want to get this done." She sighed heavily and crawled out of the car. Zach followed, never letting her leave his side.
"Ms. Row, was Ethan Row working alone?"
She shook her head, shivering with memories that hit her like a tide. "No. Geena and Lee Corbin were hired by Ethan. They came to my apartment. Geena is still there. She's" A flood of tears broke. She turned to Zach's arms and sobbed uncontrollably.
Zach looked at the police officer, imploring, "Can we wait?"
"I will give you a few minutes to pull yourself together. We really need some details. We have two dead bodies and no suspect." The police officer paused for a moment then walked away. 
He stood there holding her gently and stroking her hair. When her breathing slowed, she looked up with pleading eyes, "Don't let me go."
"I intend to keep you by my side for the rest of my life, if you will have me."
Her answer hung in the air as she clung tightly to his chest.
"Oh, you found her!" Carolyn flew into their embrace. 
Miranda turned to her dear friend, "Tell me what happened."
"I remembered you telling me about Corbin. I tried to play it off, but I could see your eyes shifting as you talked. As soon as I got back to the house, I called Zach. He followed you here and called the police." She looked around, searching the area. "Zach, where is Corbin?"
"He got away before I got here." He stared into the distance, gritting his teeth.
Neither of them noticed the dark, ocean blue eyes watching from the shadows. 



Chapter 20

As the prelude began, Miranda walked slowly and solemnly up the aisle. Her auburn hair was laced with tiny pink roses and cascades of curls falling down her back. In her hands she held a small bouquet of seven pink roses, lilies, and baby's breath. The long pink gown, studded with hundreds of rhinestones on the strapless bodice, flowed behind her, making her feel like a princess.
She glanced to her right, where Zach marched beside her, matching each of her steps. He looked incredibly handsome in his full, black tuxedo. His silver vest was topped with a pale pink tie, the same shade as her dress. Even hidden beneath the jacket, she could see the ripple of muscles that pulled his suit taut. He turned to smile at her, and his bright blue eyes shone with love. 
Once they had taken their places at the altar with Trey, the wedding march began. Hundreds of family members, friends, and loved ones stood and turned to witness the bride as she emerged from the back. Emily, clinging steadily to her father's arm, tread softly in tiny white slippers that just peeked out below her white gown. Yards of white satin, covered in pearl seed beads, trailed behind her. When they reached their destination, Emily handed her bouquet of white roses to Miranda. Emily's father pulled back her veil and kissed her gently on the cheek. Unshed tears sparkled in the corners of his eyes as he connected her hand with Trey's.
As they repeated their vows, Miranda peeked at Zach, standing behind Trey. His jaw clenched as he seemed to concentrate on each spoken word. When shifted his gaze to meet hers, her heart stopped for a moment. His eyes held a look she had not seen before. The vibrancy had darkened with longing and passion. She could see her own reflection, an image of beauty and grace.
Soon after, Miranda's daughter Elizabeth, led by Emily's older niece, toddled down the aisle. She carried a small, white satin pillow with wedding rings tied to the top. She was eighteen months old, and was quite content to be the center of attention. She smiled brightly as she handed the pillow to the bride and groom, then walked over and stood patiently beside Miranda. 
When the ceremony had concluded, and the pastor had announced them husband and wife, Trey held Emily in his arms. They honored their vows with a lingering kiss then returned down the aisle as a newly married couple.

The reception was held in nearby hotel. A large room filled with banquet tables surrounding a parquet dance floor barely contained the guests. At the front of the room, the bridal party sat at a long table, eating, drinking, and laughing. Zach sat beside Miranda, nervously playing with her fingers. She scanned the area and found Elizabeth sitting with her grandmother, chatting happily then returned her attention to Zach. He was acting strangely, somewhat nervous and disconnected. Yet each time he looked at her, he seemed to peer into her soul, searching for answers to some unspoken question.
As the champagne flowed, the volume increased, the guests became more animated, and the dance floor filled. After a couple of toasts, Zach began to relax, but he never took his eyes off of her. Suddenly, his eyes blazed with courage and he whispered, "I'll be right back."
Within a few minutes, Anne Murray began to croon, "Could I Have This Dance?", and Zach was at her side holding out his hand. Miranda's face flushed with emotion as she took his hand and they made their way to the dance floor.
As he held her tightly, she buried her face in his chest and listened to the beat of his heart. She immediately realized that the fear she had harbored for so long was gone. She felt safe, protected, and loved. Closing her eyes, she breathed in and filled her lungs with his scent.  
Far too soon, the song ended, and she found herself standing in the middle of the dance floor alone. Around her, guests smiled knowingly as she looked down and found Zach on his knee, kneeling in front of her. 
He took a deep breath, "Miranda, the moment I first saw you, I fell in love. And each moment after, you stole a piece of my heart. Each trial that we have shared has only solidified the knowledge that I don't want to spend another day without you. Miranda, will you be my wife?"
Silent tears rolled down her cheeks as she realized that this question had been the one she had wanted, the one she had craved. "Yes, I will."
Applause erupted around them as he stood and embraced her then slipped a beautiful diamond ring on her finger.


