Identity

By
David George Howard


Smashwords Edition


~~~~~~~

Identity
Copyright  2013 David George Howard

~~~~~~~

All rights reserved.  Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission.  The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person.  If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


**********
For those who work for what is right
~
~
~


Celirna entered the boutique and stood in the doorway for a few moments to take in the offerings.  The previous evening they had called her and described a few things she might be interested in.  She had said she was busy the next day, but they agreed to let her come in a couple of hours before opening to look at what they had.  All the clerks on the concourse would readily jump at the chance to give her special attention.  She stepped in and let the door close behind her, thinking this would alert the clerk that she had stopped by.  Later that day, her husband would be coming on board after a separation of about six months.  Parren did not like space travel, and as such only met her when the ship was docked in low Earth orbit.  Her only reason for shopping that morning, if she were to admit to herself, was to avoid thinking about how that reunion would go.
Farther into the shop, she saw a bright blue and red blouse that would make a good start to an outfit.  Celirna went over, pulled it off the shelf, and held it up to allow the full light to catch the colors.  She held it in front of herself and turned to look in the mirror.  It was a striking splash of color, and she thought this would be a perfect match with her blonde hair.  She had too long accepted the fact, though, that she was one of those rare people who could wear anything and make it look great.  The fitting rooms were towards the back of the store.  Whoever was working there must have been in the storeroom and certainly would not mind if she tried it on.  She ducked into the room and changed within a few minutes.  Celirna came back out and stood in the collection of mirrors that gave a look all around her.  On second thought, the piece did not fit all that well.  After a few turns to the side to get a better look at how it fell across the shoulders, she came to the quick conclusion that the shape was just not right.  She was about to look for something else when a man came around from behind the mirror, a man she had not seen in there before.  I dont know, she said.  I think Ill try more of a formed fit.
The man did not respond, other than staring at her intently for a moment.  It was then that she realized that he was rather tall and dark, with a rough, weathered face and neck, not a person to be selling clothes in a fashion shop.  With a motion so swift she did not see it coming, he clamped his hand over her mouth and spun her around in a vice-like hold in which she could barely move.  Overpowered and unable to scramble or scream, she had no choice but to let herself be dragged out the back entrance of the store.
1
Identity, please, the woman said to Buckman.  Buckman turned towards the brown-uniformed woman and knew he should not hold a grudge, since she was just doing her job.  However, he did.  He knew she felt the same way about him, and the other people in the train car he was riding.  The hate and fighting ran too deep between their different peoples, and this was impossible to set aside when he left his home territory in search of a decent wage.  The woman stood next to him, not risking a look in his direction.  Her hand was out waiting for him to comply with the request.  Buckman felt for the chain around his neck and produced the ID stick she was asking for.
See? he said.
Remove it from the cord and hand it to me please.  A few of the other workers in the car appeared to notice what was happening, and he knew he really had no choice.  Fighting was futile in this situation.  This was one more indignity to bear.  He unclipped the stick from the chain and placed it into her awaiting hand.  The woman, a low-level security officer most likely, plugged the stick into a computer pad she was carrying with her.  A bewildering array of information came up, to which she showed her interest by running her finger up and down the screen several times.
Follow me, please, she said once the scrolling had stopped.  She stood slightly to the side to allow him to stand up from his seat.
I dont understand, Buckman said, drawing himself up to his full height.  He was often acutely aware of how tall he was, and did not want to look like a threat to her.  Still, she clutched the computer pad in front of her chest with both hands.
Follow me, please, she repeated.  Her lips were a tight, straight line across her face.  Buckman could see the muscles twitch slightly at the corners of her eyes, and he knew this would end unpleasantly if he caused a scene.
Buckman held his hand out to indicate that she could lead the way to wherever they needed to go.  The two of them began walking towards the back of the train, and with each succeeding car, the ride became smoother and quieter.  Buckman had never actually been that far back in a train before, and had no idea how much different it was.  Here, people stretched out in lounge seats, talking, eating or sleeping.  There was a club atmosphere, and when he came through, all eyes turned towards him.  One man even went so far as to grab some sort of case beside his seat and hide it away.  A woman visibly recoiled at the sight of Buckman in his work clothes and muddy boots.
He knew this is what the security woman had picked up on.  His clothes were rougher, and his hair was cut in a quick fashion.  Most others on the train, especially in the car he was walking through, were refined, or at least relaxed in an easy manner of dress and body language.  Buckman was a Bent, a person with an angle to part of his DNA.  These other, cleaner, people were Straights.  Bents were not supposed to leave their provinces unless they were approved to work in Straight territory.  Their movements were severely restricted, as they could not eat in certain restaurants, ride on certain busses, or stay in certain places.  The work they did was manual labor, tasks that most Straights would be revolted to approach.  Both Buckman and the security woman knew this, and it was her assigned job in the Straight society to check ID sticks.
The stick was a fake, but he really did not need to worry.  To do a positive ID, a person had to give up some bodily material, a lock of hair or a wad of spit.  There were still privacy laws, and a warrant was needed to do this.  There was a always a threat to turn this law around, but the fine Straights of the world did not want to hack one out every time they got on a bus.  He had not needed to face any of these intrusions since the ID stick had been working fine for a couple of years through many detailed checks like the one he was about to go through.  If it were found to be a forgery, the punishment was not severe.  The first few times, you were sent back to the province; a few more, and you might spend a couple nights in jail.  Truth was, and everyone knew this, the Bent labor pool was a much-needed commodity.  Who else would sweep the streets, work in slaughterhouses, or, in his case, clean out sewers and trash?  Certainly not the man he was passing, who was receiving a refreshed brownish whiskey in a crystal glass while putting his shoeless feet up on the footrest.  The ID screening was a show of security, and there would always be ways around it.
The security woman walking ahead of him would not be privileged to sit in these plush cars, either.  Buckman watched the back of her head as they proceeded and noticed that her hair was pulled back into a severely tight knot.  He imagined it was stretching her face into the grimace he saw when she first approached.  She was only a few steps beyond his place in life, but that angle made all the difference.  They reached the very back of the train and a tiny office.  There was nothing else in the room besides two chairs, a small desk and plaque on the wall that said Terrial.  Three white walls, a low ceiling and a glass door.  Sit there, she said pointing to the blue plastic chair bolted to the floor.  She sat in the gray one.
She plugged his identity stick into a computer on the table.  Within a few seconds, his face came up along with pages of data.  Buckman leaned forward to get a better look, but the room was so small, he almost had his face on her shoulder.  So why am I here again?
Terrials head swung around at the sound of his voice.  In your seat properly, please.  You realize you are only in this province because we choose to let you in.  What is your final destination?
Isnt it there on the screen?  Buckman asked.  Even though he had leaned back in the seat as instructed, he could see his registered travel plans.  These had to be entered any time a Bent entered Straight territory.  He now had an even better look at the side of her head, and he could tell her hair was tight to the point where the groups of follicles were raising the skin.  Buckman pulled a small clump of his own hair for a few moments, just to get an idea of how much discomfort she was in.  Plenty.
Answer the question.
Im traveling to Gardello Yards to board a service ship.  Ill be in low earth orbit for three months.
I see you have traveled there before.  Her eyes did not waver from the screen.
Ive worked three months on and one off for a couple of years.  This was one of the best jobs he had ever had, and Buckman was glad to take the risks he did, traveling through Straight territory under a false ID stick.  Only a small number of Bents were given passes to work in Straight territory, while thousands of others resorted to forgeries.
And you live in Eastern Province? she asked.
What does the stick say? he asked.  Still no hint of humor or emotion.  Nothing except contempt.  Straights, especially those of the lower levels, were not known for their outgoing personalities.  Buckman wanted to try to get something out of her before this was over, if for no other reason than it was amusing.  So many times when he had had this type of encounter, it was like these low-level Straights were not much more than machines.  They were instructed how to stand, walk, talk, act since they were first screened as youngsters, and they unquestioningly abided.  Most spent their entire lives in this semi-alert state.
I asked you where you live.  Do you live in Eastern?
I guess.  There are days when I wander around and sleep wherever.
Terrial squinted at the screen for a very brief moment.  Thats not what it says here.  Do you live in Eastern or not?
Yes, Buckman said.  That line of amusement was now closed.
Are you traveling to Gardello Yards?
Good, a new line of reason for him to play with.  No, Im looking for a Bank to rob.  Do you know any good ones?
Her head snapped around and she pulled a small stun gun that had been attached to her belt.  She aimed it at his arm and pressed the button.  Buckmans arm involuntarily shot out and hit her under the chin, producing a small clicking sound as her teeth came together.  All possible bodily movement had been shut down, but his accidental striking of Terrial alarmed her.  This time, she pointed it at his neck and held the button down for a good ten seconds.  The total disorientation lasted for a minute, during which time the only thing keeping him from sliding out to the floor were his knees against her thighs in the chair.  A couple more minutes passed before he could get his limbs moving properly, during which she did not drop her aim with the gun.  Buckman knew she could play this any way she wanted.  Striking a Straight security officer was a serious punishable offense, and she could completely incapacitate and restrain him.
You know where you are and what you are.  Answer the question properly.  Terrial began to lower the stun gun, but kept it in her hand.  With her other hand, she began to type a few comments into his file.  He could see she had typed: required suggestive restraint, whatever that really meant.  Well, he knew.
A lifeless quality returned to her brown eyes; or maybe it was his imagination, since his own sight was still wavering in and out.  No, even to his uneducated perceptions the look on her face was clear.  What he saw was resignation.  Resignation of a life spent so far and forever in a tiny square office, with only the occasional smartass to brighten her day.  An image of her entire boring life popped into his head.  He saw her leaving this tiny office every afternoon, going home to a tiny spare apartment, and repeating the same thing the next day.  That would be the sum of her existence.  No use making this worse.  He decided to cooperate.  Yes, Gardello Yards.
Over the next fifteen minutes, she asked the same three questions over and over, in slightly varying ways.  To which he answered consistently, knowing there was nothing here to be concerned with.  When she had finished, she entered a few things into the system and handed the ID stick back to him.  When Buckman had bought the stick from his cousin, he was told that a full scan through all the databases available took about an hour.  The longer the scan took, the less there was to worry about.  Buckman trusted his cousin as much as he could, though he did think there were gaps in the mans knowledge.  It must have worked this time, because the stick was handed back, and without any further commotion, she walked him back to his seat.
Buckman rubbed his neck where the zap had hit him.  These people have no sense of humor, he thought.  They might be smart, maybe, but what good are brains without imagination?  The soreness would be totally gone in a day or two, but neither shot was necessary.  Smacking her in the chin was a complete accident, but at least she had not made matters worse.  He ran his fingers over the spot and looked at his hand to be sure there was no blood or anything, before settling back into the seat.  There were rules both of them lived by.  Straights and Bents were to be separated as much as possible.  Was her life any better because of this?  Whatever.  It made no sense, but this was the only world either of them knew.
2
That morning he had had breakfast with his partner, Marie, after spending what would be the last night home for months.  Their apartment was messy and noisy, and often shared with a shifting crowd of friends, family, and whoever could help pay the rent.  Since they were going to be apart for months, everyone left them alone in the bedroom so they would have a night of private time.  He traveled far into Straight territory, and even into low orbit, which gave him some status as a provider for those around him.  They depended on his earnings, and though many would never repay his generosity, when he wanted to have a night alone with Marie, he was able to do so.  Besides, few would take issue with Marie.  She had a wild shock of red hair and an intensity that matched, making her both beautiful and intimidating.  These long trips were difficult for all of them, but many Bents understood the dangers and had long ago worked this into part of their lives.  
The night with her was not entirely restful.  They had sex repeatedly, and then dozed and talked during the times in between.
Be careful, she had said repeatedly as she kissed him on the neck, drawing her long legs onto him.  Dont go was never part of the conversation.
Sure.  I always am.  Ive been there before.  The hazards were not new, nor were they lost on him.  Charles will be there, he added, then wished he had not.
There was a small growl in her throat.  Hes a good man, but you know how he is.  He finds trouble, she said.
Well be fine, he said, drawing her close and bringing her head down to his chest.  He could feel her chin dig in below his collarbone.
They were quiet for a few minutes, and though he had his eyes closed, he could tell she was looking at him.  What he loved about her, he also hated.  Her perception.  He tried to hide his concern, but when she exhaled and turned her face to rest more comfortably on him, she had read his thoughts.  There would be no discussion on the matter, though.
The train rocked back and forth as Buckman settled into the seat and started to finally doze off.  The trip would take about another two hours, and despite being in the front car, he had to admit the Straights had much better forms of transportation.  The long bus ride to the border had been crowded and smelly.  His seat was next to a fat old woman with a constant raspy cough and bad teeth.  About every ten minutes, she would hack and wheeze, then lean across him and expel her DNA sample out the window.  Eventually they had switched places and so she would have a clean shot when she needed to.
His final stop on the train was near the end of the line, in a large industrial area.  Once he left the train with the other workers, he walked a kilometer or so to the work yards.  Work ships began to come into view as he approached, looking like gray, dirty, hulking mountains.  This was a yard for vessels that did the grunt jobs for the low-Earth moored ships.  They went out and cleaned, fixed, or disposed of whatever came back from deep space travel.  Buckman walked up to the entrance gate and waved his ID stick to the guard in a two by two meter booth.  Unlike his encounter with Terrial, this Straight guard had no interest in checking validity of the IDs and just waved Buckman through, barely looking up from his com screen game show broadcast.  Buckman was walking with a small crowd of other workers, who all started to disperse once they passed the gate.
There, about another half kilometer away, was Bertrand Geirer, his home for the next few months.  The ship was essentially a flying sewerage treatment plant; an enormous storage tank with five massive Rolls-Royce Centurion Mk V Fusion Conversion Generator Sets (FCGS), each to power a garbage converting Raygeon Advance Mass Atomic Accumulation Regenerator (AMAAR).  Bertie, as they liked to call her, was sitting away from the other ships, among the weeds, refuse, and smells of fuel and lubricants these kinds of places have.
Hey, you tall, skinny asshole, call it home son-of-a bitchin home, Buckman heard a familiar voice call out from behind him.  He turned to see Charles walking with another group of crewmembers.
Buckman stopped to let him catch up.  He was almost a head taller than the short, squat master plumber, a fact Charles seldom failed to point out.  I cant wait, Buckman said.
Fuck that.  Any problems getting back? Charles asked him.  Charles came from the North Province, much farther away from where Buckman had to travel.  The trip for him probably took about three days, with numerous bus and train rides.  North was where they put the Bents that had an angle to the DNA that someone at some point calculated to be most likely to cause trouble.  North had brutal winters and scalding summers, and was always in a state of unrest with either themselves or someone else.
Look at this, Buckman said, pointing to the new red mark on his neck.  He recounted what happened with Terrial on the train.  Busting her in the chin by mistake earned a good laugh from Charles.
The little bitch, Charles said.  That a good stick?  Whered you get it?
A cousin of mine.  Cost me a months salary, but I havent had a problem in two years.
Charles stuck his jutting chin out even further, making one doubt if he still had any remaining teeth.  Well, need to change it up.  The bastards get onto you eventually.  Charles had been fighting these problems for more years than Buckman.  In contrast to Buckmans boyish blond hair and looks, Charles had short curly hair and a deeply lined face.  Buckman was not sure how old Charles was, but he had to be at least ten years his senior.
Buckman rubbed his neck again.  Still stings.
I been hit many times.  Couple times I crapped myself.  It goes away in a day or two.  Well, you couldnt kick her in the nuts, but its a hell of a way to live, aint it?
They came to the ship and started walking under the massive belly to a boarding ramp on the other side.  Before they went too far, however, they walked over to one of the struts settled into the ground that was supporting the ship.  Ready? Charles asked.  Buckman nodded, and he and Charles simultaneously kicked the strut with their ceramic toed boots, making a solid bong sound.  Around them, other workers were doing the same, a few kicking the struts in rapid succession.
Why the hell do we have to do that every time we get on? Charles asked as they walked away.
Well, Buckman said.  I dont know.  I guess its the last time we have a chance for a while.
Its the stupidest mother jackass thing, Charles said.  They came to the ramp and scanned their ID sticks to register them coming aboard.  Hey, your woman, she twist your crank off before you left?
Buckman had to smile.  She just wanted to be sure I came back.
With thighs like hers, Im surprised you have enough left to piss with.
What about your woman?
Charles left out a bellowing laugh that echoed up into the ship.  Shes took mine off years ago.  Keeps em locked away.  Genars a smart woman and knows a man always returns for his balls.
They walked into the ship and started up another tight winding staircase.  Its some luxury cruiser this time, Buckman said.  Not too bad.
Whats it called, The Space Mother?  Charles asked.  He grunted once trying to get his duffel back around one of the railing.  Shit, that aint right.  Its a stupid Straight name.  Space Princess? Space Lollypop?  No wait.  Space Queen.  Thats it.  Who the hell names a ship the Space Queen?
Whatd you expect?
Good point.  They call her Queeny.  Charles snorted once.  Space Queen.  Sound like some sort of antigravity transvestite whore.
3
Parren boarded his private transport from a pad in the field behind the Estate.  As was his habit, once he was secured in place a privacy screen came up, and the pilot could no longer see him.  The craft lifted smoothly and began to make a trajectory out into the traffic lanes that would take them to the orbit into meet up with Space Queen.  He rolled the term Space Queen around in his imagination and thought of the functionality and beauty of the name.  The ship was a deep space cruiser that ruled the skies, serving as an adjunct government at whatever outpost she visited.  Only people of high intelligence and purpose could have achieved such an accomplishment as deep space travel on a regular basis, and that ship was the pinnacle.  He knew in his soul that without people like him, such things would never have been done.  However, his efforts always needed to continue, and as the ground dropped away, he shut the view windows down and relaxed into the quiet for a few moments before calling the Senator.
Parren adjusted his tie, combed his hair back, and checked himself in a mirror behind a panel built into the wall of the transport.  When he was in order, he punched in a number and called the Senator, who had been working with him over the past few months on a border security problem.  Within seconds, the Senators image came up in front on him.
Greetings, the Senator said.  Hope you are in good health.
Yes I am, thank you for asking, and I wish the same for you as well, Parren said.  He did not particularly like Senator Marcon, but then again, who really liked politicians?  They were by nature a difficult group of people to nail down, though Marcon had proven a successful collaborator so far.  Parren had been able to funnel considerable funds to his campaign through various channels, which he always saw as a small price to pay for the most important currency of all:  influence.
As you know, the proposal has been stalled in committee, Marcon said.
Stalled.  What does that mean?  Its been there for months.  Parren had briefly run for public office but pulled out before the race had actually started.  Despite his altruistic intentions and putting his businesses and life on hold to serve the public, his original support and encouragement evaporated once he started giving speeches.  The Bent comedians had a field day with his image, and his message was lost in a barrage of low-level humor about his clothes, his speech pattern, his body language, and even his hair.  Parren gripped the seats armrest for a moment at the memory.
Its a matter of some delicacy.  The area in question is the home territory of several constituents who have considerable business interests across the border.  Senator Marcon was an unkempt man, something that always bothered Parren.  He was never sure if this was intentionally part of his persona or if he did not care about his appearance.  Parren did not trust him either way, as this lack of social decorum could lead to embarrassing encounters.
They must understand the security implications inherent with such an arrangement.  Business is important, but we have a society to protect, Parren said.
This line of reasoning went back and forth for several minutes, with the conclusion that Marcon would gather more information on the opposing opinions, and Parren would work to see in what other manner they could be persuaded.  Persuasion was not a matter to be discussed on a com line from a moving transport, plus he did not know who might be sitting next to Marcon in the room he was speaking from.  Parren knew the people in question and would work to investigate them.  Embarrassment, money, position:  all these were on the table as far as he was concerned.
As the call wound down, Marcon said, Please enjoy yourself on the Queen.  Its a brilliant achievement.  Are traveling with Celirna?
Yes.  The ship is an achievement of mankind.  We have a private suite onboard, he said.
Are you meeting her there, or is she traveling with you?  Marcon asked again.
Parren shifted in his seat and imperceptibly slipped his hand across the viewer control.  The screen momentarily went to gray.  Sorry, are you still there?
Yes.  Anyway, you might be getting out of range.  Give her my best, Marcon said.
It will be an appropriate reunion, Parren replied, and then he shut off the transmission.  The cabin darkened somewhat as he settled back into the seat.  Marcon should know better than to probe his personal life.  It was never a matter for discussion, and Marcon must have been aware of this.  Parrens lack of trust with Marcon was confirmed yet again, but that kind of ignorance and impropriety was what he had to deal with on a daily basis.  There were still several hours until they docked.  Parren straightened his tie, and did his best to get some sleep.  
4
Bertie made the trip without incident.  Once they were through the atmosphere, the ride smoothed out, and the crew could begin getting acquainted with what they needed to do.  Within hours of moving into position with the Queen, the crew was gathering around their various supervisors to discuss their jobs.  Initial instructions and assignments were given out.  Charles, being the lead plumber in the facilities maintenance crew, would be one of the leads and the first to look at the assignments.  Since a large portion of the work they needed to do concerned the sewerage treatment system of the Queen, Charles would go over and inspect the main system for any work listed to be sure it agreed with the maintenance log.
Goddamn Reg, Charles said to the supervisor, looking over the list provided by the Queens maintenance staff.  Why dont they just junk the whole cocksucker and start over?  Looks like were rebuilding it from the inside out.
Charles had worked for Reg for many years and had grown to appreciate how Reg always insisted on signing him up ahead of time, often before a job was over.  Reg was still a Straight, so Charles did not like him, but at least there was some decent respect between them.  Both of them knew that if a Bent messed up and was let go, there were plenty more to replace him and work would continue.
Hey, if they pay us to do it, well do it, Reg said, not looking up from the data pad that had the list.  And thats what theyve done.
More money than sense if you ask me, Charles said as he bent down and started checking his tools.
Youre not being asked, so its best not to bring it up.  Reg handed the data pad to Charles.  You know how it is.  You especially are always being watched.
Charles put the pad into a pocket in the tool pouch.  Since this was only an initial visit, he was not carrying more than basic tools and inspection gear.  I know, Charles said, standing back up.  Despite Regs small stature, he was still a few inches shorter.  I beat up a few of them sons o bitches in a bar, and they cant keep their eyes off me.
You know what I mean, Reg said.  But it doesnt matter.  I got you in here, and youre the best man I got.  We both know theyll be on you and me if you mess up.
The bar fight was just one of many problems Charles had been involved in.  He had fought in a few of the border skirmishes and had carried that hate with him.  The Bents always lost those kinds of conflicts, and this only made things worse.  When the Straights came into any engagement like that, they were always way better equipped and organized.  In the end, it was more a show of frustration by the Bents rather than accomplishing anything.  The wounds and death hurt just the same.
So what is it really? Charles asked.
Reg took the data pad back for a moment and added something.  What is what?
Why the hell are we different?  What the hell good is all the fighting?  This was the question he had asked many times, even when he was coming to blows with someone.
Reg finished his entry and slid the pad back into the tool pouch pocket.  Im not really smart enough to tell you.
Think this makes sense? Charles asked, though he knew the answer was no.
No, Reg agreed.  But what are the two of us going to do about right now?
Charles adjusted his helmet and hoisted the tool pouch onto his shoulder.  Ill get the recovery hold first.  That looks the most fucked up.
Good.  But dont take too much time.  We have some uplevel bathrooms that arent working right.  Ill call ahead and get your escort for going in the hold.  Reg started walking away.  He had a noticeable limp, something that had intrigued many of the workers but was never mentioned in front of Reg.  Physical ailments were curable.
I can find my way.  I dont need no big lunkheaded dumbass showing me around.
Watch your language when youre on a com line.  Do you have to swear with every other word? Reg asked.
Shit.  Ive fuckin sworn piss since cocksuckers twisted asswipes.
Reg looked at him for a second.  I guess not.  You put a contraction in there.
Charles grumbled, not knowing what a contraction meant.  Contractions are for pregnant women and blowjobs.
Reg spoke briefly with someone over a com line, then back to Charles.  A man will meet you at the entry to the hold.  Get going and dont waste time.  Get that done as quick as you can.  People are complaining their toilets dont flush.
Reg limped away.  With all the wine and caviar coming out their butts, its no wonder, Charles mumbled as he started walking towards the connection passage.
Charles took the passageway over to the Queen and came to a door outside the facilities office that he was not able to get through.  After a couple of minutes, a large red-haired man came up to him.  Come on, he said opening the door and leading Charles in.
The door led to a passageway that was brightly lit and completely undecorated, unlike the rest of the ship.  You got a name there, possibly something I can pronounce?  Charles said.
Artis, the man said, turning his head to the side but not enough to look at Charles.  Charles was a few steps behind, looking at Artiss head, with the tightly cropped red, well, really orange, hairs all over it.  What was inside that head, he wondered.  Rocks, sticks; dried-up wood and gravel.  Everything about these Straights was hard and inflexible, merely taking orders and following them.
Got a rock I can borrow? Charles asked.  Like earlier, when Buckman told him about his encounter with Terrial, these low-level Straights had a tendency to be devoid of imagination.  Humor was confusing to them, which was something many Bents, smartasses like Charles, used all the time.
Artis turned slightly at the question.  No.  I can get one if you need it.
Charles shook his head.  Ill let you know.  Artis was much larger than Charles, and had a slight body odor, like he needed a shower but had been too busy to take one.  Charles followed along through a number of doors and passageways.  Artis never turned around or spoke to him again until they reached the door to the airlock that would lead to the containment tank.  They stopped at the door so Charles could finish putting on his protective gear and check his equipment.
Tell me something, Artis.  Is there really that much difference between us?  I mean, shit.  Look what we do.  Charles knew that once the ship was back out to space, Artis would be treated much the same way as any Bent.  Now that Artis had a chance, he would treat anyone beneath him with disrespect.  But what really was the difference?
You know.  Whats it matter?  Cant do nothing about it.  There was no emotion in his voice or change in his body language.
You happy with that?  Get your ass over here, Artis.  Go do that, Artis.  You wanna hear that all your life? Charles said, finishing buckling his boots.
Dont matter, Artis said.  He took a passkey from his belt and scanned across the front of the door.  The door slid open to reveal a freight elevator.  Artis reached in, selected the level Charles would go to, and entered a code to lock out any other stops.  Welcome to Poopville.
The joke, no matter how plain, was so unexpected that Charles burst out laughing.  For a moment, the inside of his helmet fogged up before the air system could clear it off.  The joke was not so much funny as it was unexpected, and Artis did not even crack a smile.  The door closed, and the last thing Charles saw as he was still laughing, was Artis with his arms at his side and his mouth slightly open.
Charles was not an educated man, other than what trade skills he had learned.  However, on the ride down to the hold, all he could think about was how stupid it was.  How could a man like Artis, essentially one who merely went where he was told, in any way to be considered more privileged than himself?  Straights and Bents were on the opposite side of nearly everything, and yet the difference at this level was nothing.  Charles knew that the moment Artis was born, he was tested, and his life was predetermined.  His intelligence, health, emotional stability were all calculated, and this then dictated what he would do from that moment on.
The elevator door opened into a decontamination airlock, which then opened into the hold, presenting what was in essence a vast tank containing the human waste of the ship for the past two years. Charles knew there was a difference.  He could not understand what caused this difference, but he knew it was fundamental.  Charles felt Artis and Straights of his level were basically stupid and had accepted their place in life, and they were willing to let it go at that.  Bents like Charles, who ventured out into the world looking for a living, had not accepted the way things were.  They would always fight and distrust all Straights, especially those who set the rules.
Charles tried to put this into the back of his mind while he stepped out onto the catwalk above the tank.  Tens of thousands of people over a two-year period can produce a lot of waste.  Just plain shit, Charles would say.  Its nothing more than that.  Even though the waste system contained compounds that broke the matter (shit) down into usable materials, there was still a build up after that long in space.  The tank was 400 meters long and 200 meters wide.  Before they were done, the entire tank would have to be drained, cleaned, and refreshed with the decomposition compounds.  The system was self-contained, and to operate properly, the waste could not be vented into space or the compounds would go with it.  It was not like the leftover concentrated shit was not useful; it was in fact, once neutralized, a valuable fertilizer.  Theres just, God, Charles thought, so damn much of it.
Charles began climbing around the tank, checking items on the list and adding more as he saw things that were questionable.  There was an incoming line that was going to be moved due to a hull upgrade that would require a total rerouting to accommodate.  When he had checked all the valves, lines, taps, sensors, he sent the list off to Reg.  Whatever genius came up with the system had added a part that would automatically calculate the time needed to perform the tasks.  Charles scanned down the list.  Every recharge he had every done took two full weeks at best.  The pad said this would be seven days.  Bullshit, Charles said over the com line.
Pardon me? Reg answer back.  Watch your language over an open line.
These labor forecasts dont make no sense.  Theres two months of work here.  At least.  This says forty-five days.  What the hell is that?
Noted, Reg said.
Noted, Charles replied.  Noted.  This makes as much sense as a rats whacker in a blender.
There was a silence of about five seconds.  Thanks for the input, Reg said.  Call when youre ready to go to the next location.
Charles turned off the com.  Input, my thick dick, he mumbled to himself.
5
Buckman held onto the railing for balance.  He was outside of the facilities office with a co-worker, Jack, high above the main hallway leading through the center of the ship.  The artificial gravity took several days to a week to adjust to, so standing in a high location and watching things move could cause vertigo for a very brief moment.  This was temporary and would not interfere with what they would be doing.  What Buckman saw below him could only be described as a town center.  Twenty to thirty thousand people in one location could not help but form a society.  This was a moving, moderately sized city, with all the amenities for people who liked leisure.  With this many people, the usual interactions were bound to happen; neighbors could turn into enemies or lovers, and crimes, both personal and violent, happened.  All the same problems as on Earth, only floating around from station to station.  Many people were there for pleasure and luxury, while others booked passage to a new life.
Buckman and Jack were waiting for their assignments from Reg, who was with an area supervisor inside the office.  Hear the news? Jack asked.
No, whats up? Buckman said.
Parrens aboard.  They said his wifes missing.  Shes a sweet piece too.  Too good for a limp bastard like that, Jack said, watching the people a hundred meters below.
Buckman knew who Jack was referring to.  Parrens wife, Celirna, was in the news almost as much as he was.  If there was a cause where a victim was involved, she was there, but almost always without Parren.  PeopleStraightsdisappearing was very uncommon.  Someone of her stature could sneak away, though there were plenty of tracking devices around, and it was odd she would drop out of sight when her husband came aboard.
Where was she? Buckman asked.
She was on the ship, then damn if anyone knows.  Jack leaned out over the railing to get a better look at the people directly below.  What about her?
Dont know much about her.  Ive seen her on the com news, but thats all, Buckman said.
No, numb rocks.  The one with the pink top.  Next to the guy with the hat, Jack said.
Buckman leaned out to look at the flow of people down below.  After a few moments, he spotted the women Jack was talking about, but he could barely tell anything about what she looked like.  Iwhat?  I cant see her from here, Buckman exclaimed.
For a moment, Buckman thought Jack was going to fall over the railing, he was leaning out so far to watch her.  Jack drew back, bent down some, and rested his elbows on the rail in front of them, still watching her.  I can see her nipples from here.  Look at that.  Straights are perfect.  All of them.
Oh, sure.  Youve never seen a Straight girl naked.  How would you know? Buckman said.  There were always images floating around, but they usually turned out to be a Bent girl posing.
I seen movies.  Theyre round and smooth.  Each exactly alike.  When theyre fourteen, they send the girls to boob camp to get them all lined up.
Buckman burst out laughing.  Do the guys go too?
Sure, how else they gonna learn?  Straight boys dont know what to do with those.  Show them movies and shit so they know how their wieners work.  When it comes to humpin theyre lost.  What a waste of so many fine titties.
The laughter died out, and they both stood there for a moment looking at the mass of people below, none of whom appeared to glance up at the two Bents watching them.  Sure.  Theyre all perfect, Buckman said.  Every last one.  That branch in the DNA, the part that went straight instead of crooked, that was all the difference.  Everyone below, with their beautiful hair and clothes, good health and everything that went with it.  Jack and Buckman moved waste for a living.  Their waste.
Sons of bitches, Jack said.  I flick a booger and my ass is in jail.
Jack, in his crude way, made his point clear.  The two of them continued to watch for another couple of minutes, when the office door behind them opened and Reg limped out.
Right, Reg began.  Whos going in today?
Me, Buckman said.  There was always supposed to be a man inside the hull when the tank was being drained.  If there was any heavy repair work going on, at least two had to be there for safety.  They followed the regulations most of the time, especially at the start of a job.  Buckman could also continue with the inspection work as the tank contents were drained.
Hes shitman today, Jack volunteered.
Good, Reg said.  Shitman was a well-used slang term for the person stuck inside during the transfer.  A man will meet you here to take you to the airlock.  Hell have a few instructions, but its all like we did last time.  Jack, youll be inside, monitoring from Bertie.  Both of you will keep an open line in case something happens.
This a full job? Jack asked.
Full clean and recharge.  Its a big job, and we dont have time to make mistakes.  Reg pulled himself up to his full height as best as he could.  They sign that part of the ship over to us while were in there.  Dont mess around.  It gets expensive.  Got it?
They both nodded for Regs benefit.  They had heard his little speech enough times to know Reg had no speech.  It came down to dont break anything and dont screw around.
Buckman needed to wait for an escort to the hold.  Reg and Jack turned around to go back to the ship when the office door opened and the supervisor called them back.
You two are Bents, right? the supervisor said.
Clearly, this was going to be the real speech, and Reg noticed this right away.  These are good men.  The best.  Ive worked with them for a few years now, Reg said.
Dont care if they fart pixie dust, the supervisor said.  These or any of your Bent labor show up where theyre not supposed to and theyre gone.
We all understand the rules.  Im sure they do, Reg countered.  The supervisor turned directly to Reg.
Last crew we had, some got the idea to take a swim in the pool.  I dont like them here, but I need my ship cleaned.  I hear one complaint, and youll be out too.  No sitting in the caf, riding around in the tram, nothing.  They get locked up and youre out of a job.  Understand? I dont need grievances.
The supervisor did not wait for an answer.  He returned to the office and slammed the door.
I dont need grievances, Jack said in a nasally small voice.  Reg shot him a look and turned around.  Jack waited a moment, grabbed his crotch, and said to Buckman, grievance this.
Reg ignored the theatrics.  He said back over his shoulder, Open your com line when you get in.  You may have about an hour to wait while we get set up.  Charles will be in there.
They left Buckman and walked to a stairway that led down to an elevator.  Reg struggled some with the stairs, as his one leg that did not straighten correctly.  A few moments later, a large red-haired man came up to him.
You going in? the man asked.
Thats me.  Im Buckman, Buckman said, picking up his tools and anti-contamination suit.
Good for you.  Im Artis, Artis said.
He led Buckman to another door to a passageway and set of stairs.  They descended a long staircase into an area the passengers rarely saw.  The outer part of the ship had shops and living spaces, and most of the people on board would have no reason to visit, nor have open access to, the working parts of the ship.  Still, Buckman was impressed by the cleanliness of the area.  Every passageway was well marked, and not a speck of grime to be seen.  There had to be tremendous pride and order to keep this looking like it did.  But, he reminded himself, this came at a price.  People like Artis would not be allowed to mingle with the passengers, or go into their stores and clubs, unless under special circumstances.  This was not only due to their employment as maintainers of the ship, but also because they were a lower class.  The Straight hierarchy was strict, and the orders rarely mixed.
You been on for the full voyage? Buckman asked.
Took on at R7-1, Artis said.
Buckman knew this was one of the remote stations, and that people who lived there rarely traveled this far back.  First time Home? Buckman asked.  Despite the colonies living off Earth for a few centuries, Earth was still referred to as Home.
Yes, Artis said in a flat monotone.  Its blue and white, like the pictures.  He continued leading Buckman through more immaculate hallways, until they came to a catwalk that led to the elevator into the hold.  There was a small landing in front of the elevator with a bench.
Get your gear on, Artis said.
Buckman suited up and did a safety check of his air, water, and emergency equipment.  He clicked on the com and reported he was about to enter the hold.  One of his jobs while in the hold was to check of leaks of various types, gas or liquid.  This required a monitor about the size of a dinner plate that was slung around his back.  He turned this on briefly and everything checked out.
Where you from? Artis asked.
Buckman did not miss a beat as he made sure everything with him was ready.  The question was not a mild curiosity, but was rather one with implication.  This was a way of asking a person if they were a Bent or Straight.  Artis would have known this before they had even met, so the inquiry was his way of letting Buckman know where they both stood.  Where do you think?
Artis sneered.  I thought you seemed smarter than most.  But here you are.  Good for you.  We need people like you to clean up for us.
Buckman was finished preparing, and lowered his visor to indicate the conversation, what there was of it, was over.  He wondered if Artis even had a concept of how offensive his comments were.  Artis swiped his stick across the reader and the door opened.  Welcome to Poopville, Artis said, barely loud enough for Buckman to hear through the headgear.  He stepped into the elevator.  Artis again swiped the stick and pressed the bottom button on the panel, and then stepped back with a small grin on his face.  Buckman was not sure why he was smiling, but this gave Artis a scary clown look.
The elevator door closed and dropped to the lowest level.  The door opened into the airlock, which checked him over before releasing him into the hold above the enormous tank.  Im in, he said over the com, before stepping out to begin his job.
6
Got a status on when well start? Buckman said, as he began climbing down a ladder to a platform where the main tank outlet was located.  As soon as he asked the question, he regretted it, because he knew Jack would not pass up the opportunity to jump in with a comment.
Hey, hows it feel to sit on your ass all day watching turds float by?  This was expected, and normal at the start of a job before exhaustion and monotony set in.
Reg broke in.  Watch the language, you dont know whos listening.  Were still getting the lines hooked up over here.  Go to the main and wait.
Time to start the inspect? Buckman asked.
You might have half an hour.  This valve hasnt been opened in a couple years.  We need you there when this starts.  Well call you back when were ready.  There was a static click and com line when quiet.
Buckman climbed back up to the top of the tank and began inspecting the vents, diagnostic equipment and incoming flow lines.  There were a few problems, as would be expected for a ship that had been away for so long.  Over time, many of the sensors needed to be replaced or upgraded, as did some of the vents and valves.  The tank where the processing took place was gargantuan.  It was inside an even larger containment hold that isolated the tank and other mechanical operations from the rest of the ship.  Buckman was walking along the edge of the tank, about 30 meters from the side of the hold, to look at one of the main lines coming in.  He heard or rather sensed a change, maybe a vibration.  When he looked over the side, he saw a massive leak spraying up from the incoming line.
He called into the com.  This left main is broken.  Shut it down.
What?  Reg said.
The left main, shut it down now.  Emergency stop.
There was a hesitation on the com.  Jack broke into the conversation.  You sure? Sensors dont show it.
Buckman flipped on his helmet cam.  Look.  Shut it down now!
Within a few seconds, he saw the spray decrease and slowly cease to a trickle.  Buckman heard some conversation on the com, and then Charles's voice broke in.  There was a heated discussion about where Charles was supposed to be, until Reg ordered him to the hold to check out the valve.  From what Buckman could tell, Charles was supposed to start the renovation of the water recycling plant in the arboretum, and he would rather work there than on the sewage system.  Buckman could not blame Charles for not wanting to travel the full length of the ship to service the main, but this was as close to a plumbing emergency as anything else going on.  Buckman was told to wait there until Charles arrived.
Buckman sat on the edge of the tank for about fifteen minutes before a grumbling voice came on.  I just got in the elevator, goddamn it, Charles broke in.  There was a profanity-laced comment for several moments.  Something about a suit system that would not check out and let him pass.
Buckman could see the airlock door across on the other side of the hold.  He waited for several minutes before a light came on and the door opened.  Charles stepped out and held out his middle finger as well as his gloves would let him.  The com line had a local transmit that only went a few hundred meters to save energy.  Buckman switched it over and said, Same to you cheese dick.
Ha, Charles said.  You can go back to you the other side now.  Check in about every fifteen or so.
Buckman agreed, and returned to the outflow main he was supposed to watch.  Charles had been doing this for many years and was always ready to shoot his mouth off, but when the job started, he got down to business.  He knew the dangers of working in that environment with large equipment and hazardous materials.  The artificial gravity was about half of Earths and did strange things to a persons sense of balance.  A slip on a ladder or catwalk, and a person could fall a hundred meters.  A suit could get a small tear, and a person would gradually lose consciousness without realizing what was happening.  Buckman watched Charles walk out of sight across the hold before returning to the platform to wait for things to start.
The main line coming out of the tank was about 20 meters in diameter with a triple redundant valve to make sure it opened and closed when it needed to.  For the next half hour, Buckman had nothing to do but wait.  He took the monitor off his belt and checked the line for any leaks.  Nothing came up, so he switched it off and brought up an open com broadcast that was sent around the ship.  Several news and entertainment channels ran constantly, and anyone could pick them up if they had any kind of link.  He flipped through the channels before finally settling on a news station.
Buckman always tried to watch the Straight broadcasts when he had a chance.  Part of this was to see and hear the Straight bias.  The main reason was that the broadcasts were so much better produced that he missed not being able to watch them in his home territory.  The image of the well-dressed young woman was projected onto the inside of his visor as she read through various stories about markets and border skirmishes.
This led into a discussion about enforcement of the borders and the role of Parren.  In the last few months, he had been instrumental with raising the issue to key lawmakers, to some consistent success.  Despite resistance, security forces had more than doubled since the year before, with more equipment and surveillance gear put into place.  There was a short clip of Parren talking to a group of people about the need for such things.  Buckman was about to switch channels when they mentioned he was visiting the ship, and that his wife had gone missing for several days.  Reports had her going shopping early one morning, before most of the stores had opened.  They even had video of her going through parts of the ship.  When they showed the pictures, he immediately recognized her as the woman that had come into the territory several months before to visit a school.  Straights wanting to get attention often did this, but they always left without accomplishing anything.  However, she, on the surface at least, was different, not just because she was married to Parren and had a fabulously wealthy father, but because she had personally invested her own time and money into some of these areas.  People did not just vanish, Buckman thought as he watched the image of the stunning blonde on his visor.  His com line crackled to life, and the image blinked out.
Right, a voice said.  This was Captain Markley from Bertie.  All stop.  Were in position to start the transfer.  Reg ran the crew Buckman was on, but Markley ran the entire ship.
Buckman stood up and watched the valve for about a minute, until he started to see the actuator move, and then stop.  The actuator went back and forth several times in a limited range.  There was a short discussion before they decided to shut it down while Buckman had a chance to take a look at what might be hanging it up.  After several minutes, he was able to determine that after two or more years of nonuse, the rod-end bearings had frozen into place.  With gentle persuasion with a hammer and a liberal amount of  lubricant, they tried it again.  The actuator moved like it was supposed to, and Buckman heard a hiss as the material began to flow.  This grew until it became a full roar after several minutes, and would stay that way for days until everything was complete.
Buckman, report, Reg ordered.
Looks good on this side.  How bout out there? Buckman replied.
Were good to go.  Get started on the inspect, Reg said.
Dont get curious and start swimming with the logs, Jack piped in.
Shut up Jack, Reg said.  Get started, report in every fifteen.
Buckman climbed back up to the top of the tank to start checking all the incoming lines and connections.  He had just come to the incoming air line that was used to push material out of the tank when Charles broke in over the com.
Aw, what the hell happened? Charles yelled.
Report, Reg said.
Damn it.  This main inlet is still spewing like a drunk teenager getting laid, Charles said.
How bad? Reg asked.  As soon as he said it, Buckman heard Reg groan, because everyone knew what kind of response they would get.
How bad?  Goddamn, Reg, didnt you hear what I said?  Shits flying twenty meters high.  Its a code brown poop storm if I ever saw one.  Thisll take weeks to clean up, Charles continued, using words that Buckman was not sure even existed until that moment.
There was a pause in the conversation.  Its still spewing, you whack lickers! I said, shut it down!
It shows it being closed.  That line should be shunted to the backup tank while we clean out the main hold, Jack said.
Switch that incoming line to the 1B backup, Charles said.
Hold on, Jack said.  There was a two- or three-minute pause as the switch was going on.  In the meantime, Buckman had walked over to the edge of the hold and could look down at the leak.  Charles was right.  It was still flying everywhere.  The flow began to slow down and eventually come to a full halt.  Once an all-clear was given, he saw Charles come over from the side.
Charles, you need anything? Buckman asked.
Naw.  Dont jack around too much in case I need parts.  
I hear my name? Jack said
Sure, I saw about ten tons of crap go by and it reminded me of you, Charles said.
Oh, sure, Jack started.
Will both of you shut up and get back to work. Reg broke in.  Find out why that line was open and whats wrong.  Now.  Report back in fifteen.
The conversation continued in a more mannered tone as Buckman went about his inspection of the other valves and lines.  As the diagnosis continued, Buckman listened to the discussion at first with slight interest, but as all the logical conclusions, broken valve, clogged line, bad sensor, came to no end, the conversation stopped.  Buckman continued on his duties, but the silence over the com line was getting his attention.  There was a click and Charless direct broadcast came to him.  Buckman heard him say, very quietly, That aint right.  Bucky, get down here.
On my way.  Buckman went over to the side of the tank to another ladder that went all the way down to the bottom of the hold.  The ladder had a safety cage around it like all the other ladders, and as he started climbing down, the monitor on his belt caught on one of the supports and pulled loose.  The unit bounced once on the side of the tank and then tumbled through the air all the way to the floor, at least a hundred meters below him.  There was no chance for him to have caught it without risking his life, so he had to watch it, hoping he could afford to replace it or prove it was not his fault.  For a moment, he expected to see the guts of the tool splatter on the floor, but instead it disappeared.  A couple moments later, he realized the leak must have been significant enough to flood the area below.
What the hell was that? Charles asked.
Report, shitman, Jack said.
Aw.  I dropped the monitor, Buckman said.
Go get it, dumbass, Jack said.
At that point, Buckmans ear felt like it had been jabbed with a screwdriver.  Everybody, just shut up! Reg yelled over the line.  Buckman guessed Reg was not having a good day.  Shut up.  Just shut up.  Go get it.  I dont have time to send another one over.  Get the damn thing.  There was an exasperated sigh.  Dammit.  Jack, get another one sent over to the air lock.  Buckman, itll be there if you need it.  The com line clicked off.
Before getting on the ladder, Buckman should have packed the monitor away rather than clipping it to his waist.  Roger that, he said, hoping to sound official.  Then over his local communication with Charles, he said, be there in a few minutes.  I have to find it.
Buckman knew about where it landed when it fell.  If he was lucky, he would be able to feel around for it in the viscous decomposition material in the bottom of the hold.  He continued climbing down the ladder until he reached what he thought was the bottom rung.  The ladder seemed to extend into the material, meaning it was much deeper than it looked.
The bottom of the hold had large support beams that also formed containment areas.  Buckman looked around before he stepped off, and guessed it had to be almost a meter deep.  After a few years of doing this kind of work, Buckman had thought he was over being affected working with the waste of other people.  He continued to try reminding himself of this as he gingerly stepped off the last rung and into the yellow-green-brown pool of effluvial matter and decomposition chemicals.  Effluvial matter my ass, Jack had said in a meeting before.  Its all crap, no matter what you call it.  His feet dangled for a moment and then touched the bottom when he was about waist deep.  After a few slips, he gained his balance and started moving over to the area where the monitor had gone in.  He moved in tiny, sliding steps, hoping to stay upright and out of any holes.  It took several minutes, but finally his left toe bumped into something that was about the right size and shape.  Now came the part he was dreading.  He reached down into the material and closed his eyes.  He kept reaching down farther, until his helmet was partially submerged.  The unit was too slippery, so he had to reach both hands in, completely engulfing his head in the gelatinous liquid.  Despite the filters and protections of the suit, he took in full lungs worth of the gases, as some of the liquid must have gotten into a vent.  He put both hands on the monitor and started pulling it out.  As his head came out of the liquid, he opened his eyes and the visor began to clear.  He stopped in a bent over position with the monitor still held in the liquid around him.
There was glint of gold coming from one of the tank support beams.  If he had moved his head further up or to the side, he would not have seen it.  He pulled the monitor out and wiped off what he could with his gloved hand.  It started as it should and went through the standard self-check.  At least he would not have to pay for a new one.  Holding it by the handle, he attached it to his belt and looked back under the tank at the glint he had seen a few moments before.
The area under the tank was fairly dark, so he switched on a light attached to his helmet.  Buckman began wading his way over to the location.  For the first few steps, he did not see the glint, but as he moved closer it came back, along with the view of the wrist it was attached to.  He moved closer, and an arm came into view, as did red and blue cloth.  Then, unmistakably, there was blonde hair.
7
The support beams crisscrossed under the tank, and he had to step through the various openings to get to her.  He was standing behind her, as she was lengthwise along the beam, her hair just starting to touch the liquid.  Buckman pulled the hair aside slightly and saw that it had already been decomposed by the chemicals in the fluid.  Looking at her from the other side, he was able to get a confirming view that this was Parrens missing wife, the woman who had been all over the news since he arrived.  There was blood smeared on what little he was able to see of her face.  Still, he could tell, between the clothes, hair, and skin, that this was a person who had lived a privileged life.  Jacks earlier comment about them being perfect, vulgar as the thought was, came to mind.  She was in her mid-thirties, if he remembered right, about the same age as his sister.  Straights tended to have fewer children and later in life.  Part of what Buckman earned went to support his nieces, nephews and his family.  This womans family would no doubt be wondering where she was.
Buckman clicked open the com line.  He needed to report what he had seen.  I found, he began.  But, then he looked closer at her hand and became confused.  Instead of a marriage ring, the skin had been ripped off, like the ring was grabbed and forcibly removed.
What, Jack said.  Found what?
I, uh, found the uh, monitor, Buckman said.
Thanks, uh, lot, uh.  Does it, uh, still work, uh? Jack asked.
Yes.
Thats it? Jack said with a sarcastic squeak.
Yes, Buckman said, still looking at the bloody hand.  It checks out.
Get back on the inspection, Reg said breaking in on the conversation.  Before he clicked off, Reg started saying, Jack I told you
Roger that.
The line clicked shut, the noise replaced by creaks and groans from the hold.  When a Straight was married, they exchanged rings as people had done for thousands of years.  However, certain groups took this to an extreme.  These tended to be people who looked upon the DNA divisions as the sole determining factor of who and what you were.  They were a controlling group who made their voices heard throughout the society and had considerable influence.  Parren was a leading member, a direct descendent of one of the Generators.  When these people became married, an ID chip was inserted in the web of skin between the thumb and forefinger.  The women typically then had a tattoo on this location as a permanent sign of commitment and acceptance.  In the rare case of a divorce, the chip and tattoo were surgically removed, leaving a scar.  In Celirnas case, it had been torn out, leaving a mangled thumb barely attached to the hand.  She must have still been alive when this happened, judging by the blood covering her arm.  She had been murdered and crammed into the beams of the hold to be absorbed by the materials from the leaking line.  Eventually the sludge would rise to a level that would engulf her body and then decompose her remains in a couple of days.  Whoever did this was violent and had something to show.  But, why not just toss her in and be done with it, rather than leaving her to be found?
Buckman backed away, having an intuition that, even as bad as this looked, there was much more going on.  This was planned out.  He waded around the side of the tank to where he could see Charles still struggling to get the valve broken down.  Charles was about 10 meters above him, where the line came into the wall.
Charles, Buckman said.
Whats your beef, Chief?
Buckman put his hands on both sides of his helmet, letting Charles know to be quiet.  He then pointed in the direction of where he had found Celirnas body and motioned Charles to join him.  Charles knew enough to stay quiet.  He put his tools on the platform and climbed down the ladder.  His legs were short and stumpy, and when he took a short hop off the end of the ladder, he was nearly up to his chest in the material.  They both shut their com lines off.
There was a safety backup communication line between the suits that was activated by touching the other person.  Charles touched Buckman on the shoulder and whispered, There a ghost down here?
The joking tone of Charless voice was gone, as if he knew what Buckman had found.  Shes down here.  The woman.  Parrens wife.
Damn, Charles said.  Where?
Buckman began to wade back over to where she was.  As they approached, the clothes and blonde hair came into view.  They both worked their way over until they were within arms length of her hip.  Charles went around to the other side and took a closer look at her face, and merely nodded his head.  He came back around to Buckman and put his hand on Buckmans arm.  This is fucked up.  Somebody busted the valve.  Tool marks are fresh.
What do you think? Buckman asked.
I need some parts from Bertie.  Lets head back and talk.  Give me a minute, Charles said.
Charles waded back over the ladder and hoisted himself out of the material.  It dripped and ran off his suit as he climbed back up the platform.  Buckman looked back at the place where Celirna lay.  Buckman knew the score and was sure Charles did too.  He was not an educated man, but this did not mean he was not wise to the way things worked.  They were Bents working in the waste hold of a ship run by Straights.  Buckman and others like him had spent a lifetime figuring out how to slip past the authorities and make a living in a hostile society.  They had tried to avoid situations just like this.  The leak was no more an accident than her body being here.  Moreover, he was not sure how, but he believed his and Charless being there was not an accident, either.  The choices ran through his head.  A Bent reporting a murdered Straight was a problem.  A Bent is always a suspect.  If they did not report it and any remnants were found, their movements could be traced back here, and they would have the same problem.  Neither option was good.  For a moment, he was angry with her for putting them in this problem, but then this turned to brief sorrow.  She was what she was, but her end must have been terrifying.  Her family would likely never truly know what happened to her, and the killer would never be found.  Charles came back down the ladder and waded over to him.
Not much of a grave, Buckman said.
Dont matter at this point, Charles said.  They both clicked the com line back on and reported they were coming out to get some parts for the broken valve.
They went back over to Bertie to gather up the parts.  Reg was upset with them for not being able to continue with the inspection, even though the unload was stopped for some other reason.  Reg gave Buckman a half hour to leave the hold.  Once they were alone in the parts storage, Charles starting pulling crates off shelves and taking parts out.  Buckman followed him around.
You know how this looks for us, Charles said as he sorted through a collection of seals.
Sure, Buckman said.  He found a box of seals Charles was looking for. This it?
Grab two of them.  You never know what well need.  Buckman did, and entered it into the warehouse log.  Come over here.  Well need a backing plate.
Buckman followed him into another backroom that was even further removed from scrutiny.  He knew that Charles had all kinds of thoughts running through his mind.
Caint say a thing about this, Charles said, as they wrestled the big plate off the shelf and onto a cart.
Nobody? Buckman said.  He knew the answer, but for some reason he had to ask.
Nobody.  Not even your family.  This gots to be our secret.  Were in deep as it is.  He stopped and shook his head, looking down at his boots.
 Whatd you see?  Buckman asked.  The comment made by Charles just before he found her was clear in his mind.
I was wondering what the hell was wrong with the valve.  It was fucked up on purpose, he said barely above a whisper.  That plate, one like this, the bolts were all loose, but not stripped out.  I saw the tool marks from the wrenches the bastard used.  It was the wrong kind of wrench and it slipped off a couple of the heads.  Whoever did this just backed the bolts out and let the shit fly.  The sensor must be broke or else it would be flagged.  They probably rigged it to not work.
Buckman gave this some thought.  Whoever did this had some knowledge of how the system worked.  Therere only a couple of ways in and out.  They both have a decontamination cycle.  Theyd have to override it.
Charles ran his stubby fingers down his face.  All these years of fighting the system were seen in the wrinkles under his eyes.  Theres an emergency hatch, but whatever.  Cant do that alone.  Have to cover the tracks, set it up.  Straights are evil sons of bitches, but smart.  Clever.  He said this last word with resignation.
The anti-grav on the cart made it easy to move around despite the weight of the plate they had put on it.  Buckman bumped the cart back and forth slightly.  Damn.  You know they have a reward out for her.
Sure, Charles said.  Soon as we open our holes, they lock us up.  What goods a bank full of money if they got you tied up in a shit hole?
He was right.  The reward could just as well be a way to draw them in.  Giving money out was not done.  You know, Buckman started saying.  Sounds like we been set up.  Probably gotta look at it that way.
Charles bit his lower a lip a moment until Buckman thought he would start seeing blood.  It werent leaking yesterday.  I swear on my left nut.  I was in there.  Puts me there.  At the right time.
Were both in there.  They stood motionless in the supply room for some time.  She had been reported missing right after they had arrived.  The timing was close enough that they could be at least be connected to the crime, either in doing it or covering up.
Look, you aint supposed to be here, Charles said.  You got an illegal pass stick.  Soon as they prick your finger, theyll figure it out.  A few hours later they know you aint who you say you are.  Youre gone, chained done.  Just leave it to me.
Buckman looked at his hands folded together on the cart, knowing that just being in the hold with her body there made them suspects.  Naw.  Look, even if, even if we hadnt seen her, it wouldnt matter.  They have us in there.
That big, dumb gorilla that showed us in would be all too happy to claim the reward, see us locked away.
Sorry, Charles.  Sorry to drag you into this, Buckman said, not looking up at Charles.  If I hadnt seen her, we wouldnt be in this.
Charles slapped his hand on the cart.  No wait, that dont make sense.  You found her, we can do something about it.  Whos to say anyone will find her now?
They will.  They're looking all over the ship.
If they find her.  If.  We push her in, and shes gone.  You know how that crap works.  Charles started pushing the cart towards the door.  Buckman followed him out.
Buckman thought about how he found her stretched across the beam, the end of her hair dissolved by the material.  If I hadnt found her, she would have disappeared in that leak in a couple days.
Charles started loading the rest of the parts and tools onto the cart.  Look, its simple.  We push her in, problem solved.
I dont know, Buckman said.  The thought of her body being dissolved away was unsettling, gruesome.  Once they touched her and did that, they were even more tied up in this.
Listen.  Listen to me, Charles said.  You know how these buttholes operate.  You know, well, I know this was set up, and we werent supposed to find her.  We done got lucky you seen her.  If you hadnt dropped that monitor, damn, theyd be in there.  You watch, somebodys gonna show up to search that area.  Straights are lying, cheating cocksuckers, but theyre smart.  Smarter than us.  Theyre also dull and just keep poking their dicks around til they find a hole that fits what they want.
The last comment brought up a strange image of hundreds of Straights wandering around with their pants pulled down.  Buckman was not quite sure how that figured into their immediate problem.  What?
Never mind.  You get what Im saying, though.
Sure, but that makes us part of it now.  The risk was there whether they did this or not.  Buckman thought there must be a better way to handle this, but he also had a feeling Charles was right.  If they left her there, she would be found, sooner rather than later.  Maybe he was right.  Finding her had been a stroke of luck.  When he was in the bottom of the hold, a meter either way and he would not have seen her.  The inspection of the bottom of the hold was not part of what he was doing anyway.  There had to be something else they could do, but he was at a loss.  They could report it, but then that would put them into trouble.  They could leave her; however, this was even worse.  Carrying her out was not possible.  Making her disappear was really the best solution.
Charles slapped him hard enough on the shoulder to let him know they were done talking about it.  Come on.  Help me get this over there before Reg pukes a brick.
How long will that stuff take to work? Buckman asked.
The Alkalinium?  About two days.  Stuffs good.  It works faster the longer a bodys been dead.  Get it on your skin and itll burn like a motherfucker, but itll stop in a few minutes.  Throw a dead goat or a load of logs in, and it just eats it.  Two days, shell be gone forever.
Buckman was not sure he could be that patient.  Two days seemed like a long time to wait for them to be in the clear, but it was better than having her draped across that beam for weeks or months until they found her.  Lets go, get this over with.
They pushed the cart out of the parts storage and hooked it up to a small vehicle to take it back over.  Charles drove across the temporary tunnel between the two ships.  They met up with Artis again, who methodically took them to the same elevator and entrance to the hold.  Obedience and order were what the Straights based their culture on, or so they liked to have people believe.  As evidenced by what they had found that morning, this did not prevent violent behavior.  Acts of violence were rarely reported, but there were always enough rumors to know these kinds of problems existed.  If there were incidences, the offending parties were dealt with swiftly and severely, and the problem was considered settled.  Whether the punishment for deviant behavior was driven by revenge or a need to keep the order, Buckman was not sure.  Either way, Celirna must have done something truly unacceptable for her to end up like this.
They brought the cart over to where Charles had been fixing the inlet valve.  Charles climbed up to the platform, and Buckman set the anti-grav to lift the cart up to him.  It took several minutes for Charles to get things set up, and during that time, Buckman stayed below.  He glanced back and forth between Charles above him and the area below where Celirna was.  Buckman remembered going to a funeral when he was very young and hearing a man speak of the person they were burying.  The deceased was a family friend who had spent his life peacefully, fully accepting the society they lived in.  When the speaker began, he reminded everyone of the rule the man had lived by: that the separation was artificially created, and therefore, both sides suffered.  Buckman always wondered what this meant and had not really believed it or knew how this could be true.  The Straights had everything they wanted.  He had seen too much.  However, knowing this woman, Celirna, would be going to an early grave, an ending she surely did not deserve, brought some truth to the words.  Her family would never know what happened to her, and the people responsible for the crime would never be caught.  That was it.  That was the price they paid for the world they wanted.
Charles finished what he was doing and signaled to close the com lines.  He climbed down the ladder, and they both started wading back through the Alkalinium over to where she was.  At first, Buckman thought she was gone, but they he saw her leg and the back of her head.  Charles and Buckman looked at each other and kept moving until they were within arms length.  Charles put his hand on her shoulder and then nodded his head to indicate Buckman to the same.  He put both hands on her hip and began to roll her off the beam.  Charles jerked his hand back as her head came around, and Buckman had a spastic intake of breath.  Her eyes were wide open, and as she fell into the pool, she appeared to be looking right at them.  The injuries were clear, though.  Part of her head was deformed, and sticky blood was caked into the blonde hair.  She was gone.  Her body landed into the liquid and a small wavelet came out from around her and lapped against Buckmans waist.  Within a few seconds, the material began to flow around her.  First her legs went under, her waist, and finally her head.  The last he saw was a stream of hair before she was finally engulfed.  The Alkalinium would do its work, and in a few days she would be gone forever.  Charles put his hand on Buckmans back.  Turn it back on.  Lets get to work.
8
Parren had been told about Celirnas unknown whereabouts since the day before.  As he had first responded, it was not unusual for her to disappear for a day or two in her various travels.  Parren seldom accompanied her on such adventures as the uncertainty of an unplanned excursion was not something he enjoyed.  However, the news broadcasts had been fairly regular as speculation swirled about where she was.  She had a way of inserting herself into situations, and this latest disappearance could be seen as her manipulating the media, as she had done before.  This was relatively easy, as cameras liked her, and she had always been adept at using publicity.  Parren remembered the first time he saw her being interviewed, when she was on one her many goodwill trips.  The image was surreal, and he could not believe a woman as beautiful as her would belong to him.  People seemed to flutter around her as if they were trying to get some of the magic that terribly attractive people seem to have.  She could be difficult, argumentative even, and often at odds with his goals of stronger laws and more defined separation.  The frustration between the dichotomy of her physical appeal and emotional involvement with social matters was something he struggled with.
This morning, he was to get a briefing from the ships security officer on the search for her.  Parren had insisted the man meet him in the office of his private suite, complete with an imposing view of the space sky and Queen itself.  Morgan, Parrens personal assistant, would attend as well.  On the desk was a com pad with a list of questions Parren would be following, though he knew the discussion could veer off in numerous directions.  The point of the discussion would be that the man was not doing enough to find her, and that his livelihood was at stake.  Both of these were true, since Parren had already been given the communications of the search, and strategized how he would conduct such an investigation.  They were doing a decent job, but further steps could be taken.
Parren looked at his reflection in the window, and patted down his suit jacket, and ran his hand over his hair.  There was a knock on the door.
Yes? he said.
Morgan stepped in.  He had worked with Parren for a number of years and had grown to be a person he trusted to some extent.  However, never too much.  It was better that way.  Captain Dorran is with me.
Of course, Parren said, stepping over to the conference table.  Dorran, son of mid-level parents and graduate of a mid-level school.  Married thirty years, with a son and daughter, both attending similar mid-level schools.  There were other points of interest, but that was all he was able to read up on the man in the hour since Morgan forwarded his name and record.
Sir, its an honor to meet you, Dorran said.
Yes.  Take a seat, please, and review what you have learned so far, Parren said.  That was the opening question on the pad.
Let me just say, Im sorry for the concern this must be causing you and your family.  This must be a terrible burden, Dorran said, placing his information pad on the table as he sat down.
Yes.  Yes, it is.  Continue, please.
The investigation so far has not led to any definite clues.  Her whereabouts were traceable up until two mornings ago.  Dorran picked up the pad and poked at it a few times.
Please describe her movements that morning.  Parren crossed his legs and brought his fingertips together just below his chin.
Sir, please be assured we are making all possible efforts in locating your wife, Dorran said.  His brow furrowed for a moment.
Have you found her yet? Morgan asked.
Exactly, Parren said, finishing his thought and line of questioning.  If you havent found her yet, I disagree with saying you are putting all your effort into this.
Dorran set the pad back onto the table and leaned forward on his elbows.  Sirs, we have a top security staff here.  These kinds of investigations have to be done methodically and thoroughly.
Parren rubbed his fingertips together.  The man was easily defensive about his job.  Some pride there, but then again, he would not be a security officer if he were a brilliant man.  Understand.  Please describe her movements that morning.
Dorran exhaled and picked the pad back up.  The evening before, we had her at a party on the forty-fifth deck.  A penthouse belonging to a man named Casion.  She was identified as being in good spirits and was one of the last people to leave, around 1:30am.  She was alone. Dorran stopped and looked at Parren for a moment.  Parren did not change expression or position.  And came back to your suite about ten minutes later.
Have you talked to this Casion or people at the party? Parren asked.  This was a man he had never heard of.
Yes, by all accounts, it was exactly as I described.
Parren turned to Morgan.  Please verify his claims.
Hold on, Dorran said.  Parren had not guessed him to be a man to have a spirit.  Maybe he was wrong.  This is an active investigation.  I cant allow outsiders to come in and start running their own review.
Rest assured your investigation will continue.  I, however, did not bring you here to simply listen.  Please continue with your description.  Parren made this statement in a low even voice.  Nothing Dorran could say would alter Parrens belief that he was infinitely smarter and skilled than the police officer could ever dream of being.
Sir, Dorran said.  Very well.  Right.  The next morning she left your suite.  Before you ask, we were respectful of your property, but we had to search this premises.
Understood, Morgan said.  You had a property search warrant.
Correct.  We searched the suite and found nothing out of order that would suggest any foul play.  It seemed to us that she had packed belongings for a trip, but these were not removed from the rooms.  Dorran scanned over the data.
I concur, Parren said.  He had seen the haphazard way she had thrown all her things together, a trait that irked him to no end.
Good, Dorran said, placing the pad back on the table.  From there, her whereabouts lead straight to the shops on the third ring.  She had breakfast in the suite and left before the shops had actually opened.
Why would she do such a thing? Morgan asked.
Parren knew the exclusive access Celirna had.  She often did not want to be bothered by crowds.  Shop owners were always too accommodating to have her come in early or late for personal attention.
The security cameras have her going to the third ring but then never coming out.  She went into a clothier, but there is no record of her buying anything.  The owner never even saw her come in.
Parren gave this some thought.  The name of the clothier, please.
I wont do that, Dorran said.  Again, let me explain my position here.
Morgan, Parren said turning away from Dorran.  You can find that easily enough.
Dorran slapped his hand on the table, making a loud popping noise.  See here.  You will not interfere with this.  We have investigators combing this ship and spreading out to transports that have left.
Parren shot a glance back to Dorran.  You mean you have a disappearance, and you are letting people leave this ship?
Dorran said, Everyone that leaves, every piece of luggage, every ship is searched before it sets off, I assure you.
Thats not good enough.  This is no ordinary cook or schoolteacher you are looking for.  She is a member of one of the most prominent families in the world.  I want every craft leaving stopped.  Nobody gets off this station until she is found.
Dorrans face turned red.  For a moment, Parren thought the man was going to pass out.  He was enough overweight, and according to his last physical, there was an indication of elevated blood pressure.  He looked at the pad again to be sure.  I will not take orders from you.
I ask, no, demand, you stop all ships coming and going from this station.
You have no jurisdiction here, Dorran said, his voice rising to match his red face.  You have no right to address me in such a manner.
Parren appeared to ignore these comments.  With one hand, he worked the pad and found the page he was looking for, and read the information for several seconds.  He could hear Dorrans agitated breathing.  Finally, he held up the pad.  You report to this man? Parren asked.
Dorran did not answer.  The portrait was of an elected official Parren had been heavily backing for several years.  He was a man on a track to achieve great things, and Parren preferred to keep such people on his side.  He is a friend of mine.  I have given him campaign money for several years.  Is he in your chain of command?
Dorran still did not answer, but his flitting eyes were enough to let Parren know where they both stood.  That would be yes, Morgan answered for him.
Correct.  Parren punched up a few more things on the pad.  Ah, says here you ran into some difficulty with a mortgage on a home.  Some payments missed.  Ah, legal action from a housekeeper.  And a few other things.  These could be problems, again.  Maybe.
You guys always win.  What do you want? Dorran finally said.
As I said, stop anything coming and going.  We will do our work and let you know what we find.  Double your efforts and search places she would have no business visiting.  Everything top to bottom.  I can arrange for further investigations on transports that have already left, Parren said.  The pad remained on the table, and he crossed his legs again.
This conversation never happened, Dorran said.
Your efforts are greatly appreciated.  You will be rewarded for your diligence, both in assets and reputation.  Thank you for listening to reason, Parren said, then without further conversation, he left the room.  Morgan left as well through another door, leaving Dorran alone at the table.
9
Buckman made his way to the airlock at the end of his shift, leaving Charles to finish work on a vent line.  On the way across the catwalk, his eyes lingered on what he could see under the enormous tank.  There was no shaking the fact that they now had a hand in what happened.  Finding her was an accident, but that accident caused them to face hard facts and do what they did.  Buckman tried again to figure if there was another solution, but he knew he was not smart enough to do anything other than go to the authorities.  And where would that lead?  That was the problem.  It could go anywhere, and from personal experience that would eventually lead to trouble.  Charles had seen these kinds of problems before, and both of them had known well-intentioned people who were dragged into years of legal problems or thrown into jail.  That really only left them the choice they had taken.  If they had not touched her or never seen her, whoever was searching would have eventually come into the hold.  As the door opened to the airlock, he had to admit he just did not know.  There was no way to predict the future, but hopefully they had tilted the odds in their favor.
When the decontamination was complete, he rode the elevator back to the entrance he had come in.  The door slid open, and he was greeted by two men dressed in protective gear.  One of them held out his hand.  He thought of the body rolling over and sinking to the bottom of the pool of Alkalinium.  Charles said a couple of days, but these men were going in right now.
Stick, one of the men said, wanting to see Buckmans identity stick.
Let me change.  Buckman sat down on a bench and began to remove his gear.  The two men stood on either side of him, watching every move.  The entire process of unbuckling and removing everything took about a minute.  At one point, the cuff of the coveralls caught on a boot buckle.  One of the men reached down and yanked the pants leg off the boot, almost pulling Buckman onto the floor.
Hurry up, the younger of the two men said.  Buckman stood up.  Both men moved to either side of him.
How long you been in there? the older man asked.
Does it matter? Buckman said.  Within a second, the younger man had his forearm across Buckmans throat.  The hold was not very tight, nor well applied.  Buckman had been in enough scrapes to know he could take the man if he needed to, or at least give him an even fight.
Easy, the older man said, pulling the other one back with a hand on his shoulder.  Answer the question.  You know we got a missing person.
The two stepped back several feet from Buckman.  About six hours.  We had to go over and get parts about four hours ago.
Stick, the younger man repeated, and then pulled it off from Buckmans neck, snapping the cord.  He plugged it into a small reader he had with him.
See anything unusual? the older man asked.
Buckman gave this a quick thought.  They had reported the valve leak, and nothing else.  Well, found a valve burst open.  Made a large spill in the bottom of the hold.
How long you think since it let go? the older man said.
Dont know.  I would guess at least a day.  It was running out in a heavy stream, Buckman said.  
The older man punched in some data into the pad he was carrying.  What else?  Open doors?  Was a man named Charles in there as well?
He came in shortly after I did at the start of my shift.  Buckman could see Charless picture come up on the screen. Thats him.
Both of the security men perused the data on Charles.  Shows he was in there yesterday for one hour and forty-seven minutes.
They stood there for a moment looking at Buckman.  Is there a question?
What was he doing in there yesterday? the young man asked. 
Look, I really dont know.  Probably an inspection or checking the work orders.  Hes the lead plumber and has to check over jobs to be done.  Buckman was confused by the line of questioning.  Both of these men had to understand there was not much he could add.  He started gathering his gear.  I have to report back in.
An hour forty-seven sounds like a long time to just look around, the older man said.  
Any reason to keep this? the young man asked the older man, holding up the identity stick.  
No, give it back.  The man tossed the stick onto the bench, rather than hand it back to Buckman.  The two men finished putting their gear on and moved over to the elevator.  The door opened, and they stepped in.  Buckman called ahead to Charles and told him to expect visitors, before taking his prescribed way back to Bertie.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Once on Bertie, Buckman took a shower and began feeling a little better about what had happened that day.  Bertie was a well-worn tug with many years of service in low earth orbit.  It had started out as a basic passenger and cargo transport, but as the ship aged and passed through various owners, her mission became even less glamorous.  Amenities were sparse, with most of the quarters sleeping up to six men or women, each with a shared shower.  Since it had been a ship built for passenger travel, it did have some decent communal areas that had been converted to lounges, a cafeteria, and meeting rooms.  The ship carried a crew of sixty workers, all of whom were a mixture of legal and illegal Bents.  The remainder of the ship was dedicated to hauling and processing waste.  For most of the waste, Bertie had the facility to process and return it to the host ship for another purpose.  Some went back to Earth as basic materials.  The material collected from the tanks like the one Buckman and Charles had worked on was turned into fertilizer or fuel.  The decomposition chemical was extracted and recharged.  Most of the crew could care less where all this went or how ingenious the system was.  They just wanted to be paid for moving it.
After the shower and a change of clothes, Buckman joined some of the other workers for dinner in the cafeteria.  The conversation around the tables ranged from family to work to personal relationships.  The jokes were often crude, but laughter was easy after a hard day's work.  As he listened and joined in, it struck him again how many of the Straights lacked a sense of humor, or at least what he thought was humor.  When he watched their broadcasts, what little laughter there was, was usually subdued.  He could never figure out their jokes, or even tell if they told jokes.  All they seemed to do was talk, talk, talk.  Straights were good at that.  Their news broadcasts were always professional and well done.  Entertainment was restrained and never ventured towards anything that included emotion and real expression.  Maybe, Buckman thought, they just did not have the capacity to be actors, writers or musicians.  They were, as the Bents often said, a race of boring overlords.
Jack came into the room and sat next to him.  Ready to lose some money? he asked.
Sure, Buckman said.  Jack was a decent dart player, and was always up for a game.  In the cafeteria, there was enough room for cards and darts.  They had a pool table, but the slight rocking and false gravity of the ship made for problems.
Best two out of three, Jack said, leading the way over to one of the dartboards.  Got your favorite darts?
Theyre all my favorites.  They began playing 301, and Buckman won the first one.  At first, he forgot what had happened that day, but partway through the second game, he heard someone ask where Charles was.  Buckman started missing his shots as he began to remember his head half submerged and the glint of gold.  He tried thinking of Marie and his sister, but this turned into thoughts of what they would do if he were caught for what happened.  Buckman quickly lost the next two games and paid Jack off.
Another set? Jack asked.
No, Buckman said.  Thats all I can stand to lose.
Buckman went back to the lounge area and sat in a large overstuffed chair.  He sank into it, closed his eyes, and wondered what his family was doing.  Communication back to the province was sketchy, so over the next couple of months much could happen.  This strained relationships, and all kinds of rumors would be going around when he returned, but that was part of how he lived.  The violence he had been involved with earlier that day was odd.  He had lived with it between Straights and Bents but had never seen anything between Straights.  The society the Straights had created was so orderly and strict he never gave this any thought.  As far as he knew and experienced, their hate was always aimed at the Bents.  Though even in this hate, passion of any kind seemed to be lacking.  It was almost a prearranged response.  The sounds and voices around him began to drift off when a hand grabbed his shoulder and shook him back to the present.  He looked up and saw Charles standing next to him.
Bucky, come on.  We gotta talk, Charles said.
Anything happen after I left? Buckman asked as they left the lounge area and walked into a passageway.
Lets find a place we can talk in private, Charles said.
Charles knew his way around the ship better than anyone.  Though Buckman had been aboard a number of times before, he was always surprised when he stumbled on yet another small corner or room he did not know about.  Charles seemed to have a hidden sense for where all the monitors and sensors were around Bertie.  He led Buckman through a number of passages until they came to a door that he was not familiar with.  It went into a storage area full of parts for the ship power generator.  Since neither Buckman nor Charles were part of the ship's crew, they did not have an occasion to be in there.  The people who actually ran the ship and those hired for maintenance on the Queen in many ways kept themselves apart, though they would share parts and supplies on an as-needed basis.
Charles closed the door behind them and checked the small storage area for any other people.  We supposed to be in here? Buckman asked.
Got some adhesives shit that needs to be stored in here.  Charles went over to the freezer and pulled a door open.  This stuffs age-dated.  Controlled.  Has to stay frozen til we use it.  I need to tomorrow, so I have a reason to be here.  At least thats what well say.
Charles pulled a few things out, checked the date codes, and put them back.  He slammed the door, and small puff of vapor came out.  He leaned against the metal case.  I need four tubes of this slime tomorrow.  Looks like they got enough.  He went over to a computer screen and entered in his request so it would be reserved for him in the morning.  Those two ass-sniffers say anything to you before they came in?
Buckman had to smile for moment.  They asked what I saw.  I told them everything but what we did with her.
Charles went ahead and sat down on a plastic box by the freezer.  Huh, was all he said as he ran his stubby hand over his mouth.  He had not shaved for a couple of days, so his hand made a scratching sound as it went back and forth.
What do you think? Buckman asked.  Clearly, the man had more on his mind than getting some glue.
Police, whatever, security coming in there right then.  Sounds strange.  He put both hands on the edges of the box he was sitting on and looked down at his feet.
Still think its a set up? Buckman asked.
More so.  Remember that valve, how I thought it was screwed with?  Charles rocked forward slightly.
You showed me.  Showed me how the bolts looked like they were backed out, Buckman said.  He thought through this for a second.  A person could not do that without some planning and knowledge of the system.  If someone simply loosened the bolts while under full pressure, they would likely be knocked off the platform.  The line had to be shut down first.
It can be done from the control room, but theres an emergency manual valve not too any know about.  Buggers on the other side o the hull.  In an access way thats tighter than a Straight accountants butthole.
Again, this was knowledge that only someone like Charles would know.  You find it, take a look?
Course I did.  I had to check it out.  Regulation.  I squeezed in there.  Theres a hatch from inside the containment area.  Valve needs a big tool and a lot of torque to work it.  Damn thing had fresh tool marks all over it.
Charles ran his hand over his mouth and then over his curly hair.  He groaned a couple of times and then farted.
You have to do that?
Helps me think, Charles said, not looking up from his boots.
Despite his crude behavior, Charles was smart in very practical ways.  Buckman had spent enough time around him to know he could figure out situations and put facts together in a very orderly manner.  Clearly, the man had the knowledge to have figured out how this could have been done.  Knowing the existence and workings of that valve and the line coming in was something few people knew.  You know what happened?  You put this together? Buckman asked.  
Hows your ciphering? Charles asked.
Fair.
Try this, Charles said, standing up.  Heres the best I can figure.  That containment areas about 50 meters square.  The poop was about a meter deep, sos that's 2500 cubic meters.  Follow me? Charles did not wait for an answer as Buckman tried to do the math in his head.  That line was spitting out about a 5 cubic a minute, 300 an hour.  For that to fill crotch deep, means that sonofabitch was busted for 10 to 12 hours before we found it.
Isnt there an emergency or something? Buckman asked.  He knew that all these systems had backups and redundancies.
Thats the other part.  The sensor line was broke.  Broke some time ago, long before the valve was screwed over.  Nothin to tell the pumps to start.  Thiss been planned for months.  That incoming line is a feed from a grouping of staging tanks all over the damn ship.  It only gets used every few weeks when they need to process.  Or when we get ready to service.
Timed it so it started when we got here.  Reported her missing right when we arrived, Buckman said, stating the obvious, but starting to understand the complexity and planning this took.
Charles said, Exactly.  Somebody wanted us, me really, in there around the same time.  Poor girl.  Even a Straight dont deserve that.  Violent bastards.  Mustve kept her somewheres til I did my check, then drug her out and smashed her head in.  What we did, probably for the best.
Wish I could believe that, Buckman said.  Howd they get in?
Probably through that same one I went in to get the emergency shutoff.  Nother hatch goes other side of the passage.  Theres a couple more like it on the other side.
Theyre not monitored? Buckman asked, thinking every inch of the ship was under surveillance.  
Emergencies arent.  But not too many know it.
Buckman thought about this.  A pump kicked on in an adjoining room as various functions went on around them.  Take an expert to know all that.
Have to know your shit, thats for sure, Charles said.
Buckman started laughing, though he was not sure if Charles realized the joke.  Know your shit.  If anyone does, it would be you.
What? Charles asked, his head popping back up.  Oh, sure.  Makes me the crap authority.  Professor of caca.  Ill write a book, A Bents Guide to Poop.  They both started laughing.  The laughter felt good, as if they had not breathed all day and finally grabbed the first gulp of air.
Once they calmed down, Charles said, listen, we cant fry our brains over this.  Try to get some sleep.  Remember, they still gotta find her.  If they do, I can prove how it was done.
10
The next morning, Buckman grabbed a cup of coffee and some rolls from the counter and sat down at a table with a few of the other workers.  There was a mix of people, some had just gotten off a shift and were eating dinner and some who were just coming on.  Early in the cruise, it was easy to tell who worked when, as the ones coming off looked tired and relieved to be done for the day, and the people coming on were refreshed but preparing themselves for work.  Later, as the fatigue of daily manual labor wore on, it would become harder to tell the shifts apart.  This day, Buckman stirred his coffee and picked at the sweet roll rather than engage in the banter going on around him.
Workers came and went from the table, when he heard someone say, Whaddya lose?
Buckman heard it, but for a moment did not think the question was directed at him.  Hey numb-nuts?  You here this morning?  This time the question got through, punctuated with a flick of a finger against the side of his head.  Charles had sat next to him without Buckman even knowing it.
Sorry.  What was that? Buckman asked.
Charles took a bite of his scrambled eggs.  Sleep well last night?  Dreaming about your womans legs?
No.  No on both.  Well, maybe some on the second.  Buckman tore off some of the roll and put it in his mouth.  I just cant get this out of my mind.
Everyone else at the table had left, and Charles dropped the joking around.  Same here, pal.
They continued for a few more seconds in silence, Buckman eating his roll and Charles spooning the eggs into his mouth.  You inside today? Buckman asked.
No.  Have to change out a filter assembly in the recycling plant.  Straights think their stuff is gold.  Turns out its just brown like everyones.  Yourself?
Im back here.  He checked around to be sure nobody was within earshot.  You need to go back into the hold?
The bilge needs a few days to pump.  Then Ill go back in.  Probably do some cleanup and checkout.  Charles drained the last of his coffee and set the mug and his bowl onto Buckmans tray.  His hand rested there a moment.  I can set it up so we do the cleaning.  Keep other people out of there.
Buckman could feel Charles looking at him as he finished eating the sweet roll.  He was not really hungry, but he knew it would be a few hours before he had another chance to eat.  Lack of sleep only made things worse, and he would need whatever energy he could muster.  All night he thought of the decomposing body in the hold.  The image could not be erased.  He thought of how they pushed her off the beam, the Alkalinium enveloping her body and finally closing in around her face as she sank.  You sure about the bilge?  Itll take a couple of days?
 Charles had been a plumber for years aboard various ships.  Though he had little education, he knew how the valves, lines, and tanks worked in zero gravity.  Pressures and flows established by the various pumps and pressure environments of the ship were all clear in his head, though he would readily, and sometimes proudly, admit he did not understand the science behind it.  He ran his index finger across his upper lip.  I figure itll take at least two days for that area to drain off.  We got the pumps working on more immediate problems we gotta fix, so they just got a little emergency sucker bilge working in there.  Pressures so low in the hold, that fuckin tiny pump cant pull hard enough to get it out.
Buckman pictured the security men standing around the hold as the level dropped.  First, her outline would become apparent as enough of the material drained away.  Shortly after that, they would wade through and take a closer look.  Have to jack up the pressure in the hold to speed things up?
Been thinking about it all night.  Be a big deal to jump the pressure in a space that big.  Have to be a good reason to do it.  Charles stood up and came over to Buckmans side of the table.  Look, Im working on one of the main pumps today.  I dropped the pressure in the hold last night in preparation for what Im doing today.  Itll slow it way down.  Dont worry about it.  Come on, Reg starts bitchin in five minutes.
At that moment, a bell sounded, signaling the start of the shift.  The hall was empty as the few remaining workers ran to their workstations.  Buckman was going to be a few minutes late getting there.  He walked out to the main aisle that ran the entire length of the ship.  He needed to go down four levels to get to the station that day, but first he needed to get into his medium weight contamination gear.  There was a small locker room outside the reconstitution plant where he was able to change into the suit.  The plant was pressurized and the suit he was wearing was much lighter than what he had had to use in the hold the day before.
Buckman entered what was called the reconstitution plant.  The area was four levels tall and brought in solid waste from the host ship, in this case the Queen, where they manually separated the waste and sent it to different process areas.  Metals and plastics were recycled and broken down into elements.  Glasses were pulverized.  Natural products, woods, fibers, and other products that could not be reused, became fuel for the fusion reactors on the ship.  All this was well controlled and regulated, but as Buckman stepped into the processing area, there was no escaping the fact that they were working inside a massive garbage and sewage plant.  Despite the best efforts, the odor of refuse was always apparent.  New crew members were always bunked in the smelliest part of the ship, while more seasoned workers had better accommodations.  
But, this was part of what he did and was paid well, allowing him to send money back to his extended family through various channels.  The Straights knew banking and had set up services to transfer money back and forth for Bent clients.  Banking across the border was a thriving business despite the societal differences.  In the quest to make money, prejudice could be set aside temporarily.
Buckman shut the hatch behind him and finished zipping up his suit.  Who the hells in Bertie? he heard someone say over the com line.  This was not Reg, Jack, or anyone he recognized.
Running a few minutes late, sorry.  Ready to receive.  Start bringing this over.
There was a slight shift in the incoming chute, signaling they had started the transfer.  A few seconds later, a private line opened, and Buckman heard Reg come on.  Dont want to hear about you being late without a good reason.  Dont make this a habit.
Under Buckman started to say when the line clicked off.  stood.  He guessed Reg had put his twisted foot down.
Buckman finished sealing up his suit and grabbed a long pole.  The chute shook and rattled again.  The first thing to drop in was a large, elaborately upholstered couch, complete with cushions and blanket.  The worker across the conveyer belt looked at him and shrugged, the couch being worth more than all the furniture the two men had together.  It certainly would have been the center of attention in Buckmans crowded, dingy house.  They both pushed it onto the bulk items belt, where a few seconds later, it was pulverized to dust by a large press followed by an industrial ultrasonic blast.  This was followed by more furniture, kitchen appliances, and various unidentifiable pieces of hardware.  At first, he thought it was the remnants of someones wrecked home, and wondered why people would dispose of such things.  After about 30 minutes, he forgot about trying to figure this out, and spent the rest of the day mindlessly destroying peoples discarded possessions.  
11
As soon as her picture came up on the screen, he knew he was in trouble.  At the end of a tiring day, Buckman was relaxing in the lounge watching the newscast on the wall viewer.  
Looks like she was here when we docked, Stuart, one of the electricians said.
Her picture went away and was replaced by Parren delivering a comment.  Parren was well known for his strident views on separation.  He made no effort to hide that he was from the highest Straight order, less than .001% of the population, and was a founder of an almost quasi-religious organization, the Council Superrum, which was devoted to further enforcing the separation.  Bents and low-level Straights had been seeing the results of their efforts.  Jobs became restrictive.  They produced data to support measures such as basing insurance rates on a persons DNA order.  Buckman knew well enough of these efforts, but he again returned to seeing her ripped-open hand.  This was all dangerously wrong.
Listen to him, one of the other workers said.  They were watching the screen as much for the shared hate of the man as to listen to what he had to say.
Parren read off a memorized statement.  We will apply all resources to find those responsible, and we ask anyone with knowledge to please contact the authorities.  The immorality of this act is beyond description, and the perpetrators are still at large.  They will be hunted and punished.  We are concerned with everyones welfare and pray for this to be settled in an expeditious manner.  As always, keep in mind we live in a dangerous society.  Control and order are the only methods for resolution of collective disturbances and incongruities.  Thank you for your time.  Questions were asked, but he instead turned around and disappeared through a door.
 Whats an incongrudity have to do with finding his wife? Stuart asked.  There were a few snickers around the table.  Buckman smiled as well, despite the alarm of her having been found.  Bents often joked that if they waited long enough, they would take over simply by sheer numbers.  The lack of passion that Parren exhibited was strange but not altogether unusual.  Straights had a lower birthrate than Bents, a fact that was held in high esteem and used to raise fear about the Bents taking over.  Buckman and many other Bents believed that Straights had such boring sex lives that reproduction just did not happen.  There is a difference between not being able to and not wanting to.
The broadcast continued, and since it was a prime story, it would probably be analyzed from all kinds of angles before they moved on.  Buckman sank back into the worn couch he was on and watched as they recounted the last few months of her life.  He learned she had been traveling around the outer stations for about six months.  She had met up with her father, a mining tycoon named Rogef, for a fundraiser for orphans a few weeks before coming back to the Queen for the last portion of her journey.  Partway through, they announced a reward leading to the capture of the murderers.  Buckman had to think about this, and he wondered if the risk of revealing their involvement was too big.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Buckman left the lounge for about an hour and came back.  Charles was relaxing on the couch, smoking a small cigar that burned at a low temperature and produced very little smoke or odor.  Buckman settled into the other side of the couch.  Charles turned his face towards the ceiling and pointed the cigar straight up as if he were deep in thought.
That help? Buckman asked.
Not really.  These damn safety cigars are like smoking a cats ball sack.
Why bother? Buckman said.
Cause a cats ball sack is better than nothin.  Charles bent forward again.
How was your day? Buckman asked.
Had to crane in a class 7 pump to the main transfer room.  Pumping juice again. Charles said, the cigar bouncing with every word.  A little of that stuff and youd be rich.
Like that story Jack and the Giant?
Charles thought for a moment.  Lets see.  Kid gets a golden duck, meets a giant that falls on his can.  Something like that.  Charles snuffed out the cigar and put it into his shirt pocket.  Whats on your mind?
You hear what they found? Buckman asked, pointing to the wall viewer.
Some.  They just finished jabbering about her.  Charles slapped him in the shoulder.  Youre worn out.  Dont let it get to you.
I thought you said you slowed it? Buckman said, remembering that mornings conversation, needing to talk about it.
Shush, Charles said, trying to get Buckman to keep his voice down. I did.  I was watching the flow throughout the ship all day.  Saw the siphoning on a few of the lines was off.  They must have done something in there.
So they knew where she was.  Buckman looked at Charles and saw something he had never imagined.  There was worry.  The man had worry in his face, a clenched jaw and slightly furrowed brow.
Looks that way.  But think about what these idiots did.  They knew she was there.  They went in and looked for her there.  They were told where she was.
Buckman wished he could believe this, but there were too many ways to point this back towards them.  Charles, what happened?  We were in there.  They got us there.
Look, were both beat.  Nothing we can do about it, so dont get your guts all scrunched up about this.  We were just doing our jobs, nothing else.  We just did what our orders were.  Charles put his hand on Buckmans shoulder again.
Still, Buckman said.
Still?  Theres no damn still.  We did nothing outside o what we was supposed to.  Get that through that thick Bent skull of yours.  They think were dullards, half a step above a retard.  Keep that in mind.  Use it to your advantage.  Most of them Straight bastards think we cant string a thought together longer than my dick.  And thats only slightly longer than average.
Buckman laughed.  You wish.  Only Charles could make a comparison like that and have it make sense.  He was right about the assumption of a Bents intelligence.  He had played that card many times throughout his life when he was accused by a Straight.  Act like there was no way possible to have been that smart, and go with whatever preconceived notion the Straights had.
Ah, Charles slapped him on the back.  Us damn Bents are all alike.  We think with our groins.  Go get some sleep.
Buckman stood up and stretched, looking at the grimy ceiling for a moment.  See you in the morning, he said to Charles before walking off through the lounge and back to his quarters.  As if on cue, the lights in the hallways dimmed to simulate nighttime.
He shared the quarters with another man who worked the second shift.  They only occasionally saw each other, which was how they tried to arrange the sleeping quarters.  Each person could get a complete nights sleep alone that way.  Buckman straightened out the blankets on his bed and pulled a picture of his family out of the drawer built into the wall beside him.  He ran his hand over the picture.  What were they doing now?  All space-born craft ran on synchronized clocks, but Earth still had time zones.  At his home, they would be ten hours behind, just getting ready to start the day, to work or to care for the various people in the house.
Buckman stretched out on the bed and set the picture face down on his chest.  Marie would be helping prepare breakfast with her mother and sister.  The kids would be running through the rooms, fighting, yelling as they seemed to do from the moment they woke until they collapsed wherever they ended up at the end of the day.  He wished he could talk to Marie.  She had an inner strength and clarity he had long since realized he needed to rely on.
There was a good chance they had seen the broadcasts of the murder and discovery.  She would know this had happened on the ship he was working on, and this would turn into a topic of conversation around the kitchen.  If he were there, they would need to talk.  He would be in that kitchen with them, the heat and dust from outside rolling in through any open window or door.  The constant traffic in and out of the house would make it difficult to have any kind of meaningful conversation.  Youre worried, dear, she would say.  Lets talk.
Marie would take his hand and they would go to their room, a small space in the back of the house.  She had done her best to decorate the place with whatever she could find, but dcor was not something in which she was skilled.  The drapes were thin but clean, same as the bed linens.  The remaining furniture was in a similar state.  Marie went to lengths to make sure their private space was comfortable.
Marie had a wild head of red hair that came down along the sides of her face.  She had a habit of sitting sideways, one of her long legs folded and the other foot on the floor.  Tell me, Bucky.  Why are you so worried? she said.
Im not sure.  I cant decide.  Im in serious trouble.
She wrapped her arms around him and brought warmth.  They stayed like that for several minutes.  You have to do what you can, but be careful.  Listen to Charles.  Hes been there before.  Say as little as you can.  You know how they are.
But its wrong, he said.  A womans dead.  Murdered.  Its wrong and people need to know.
Marie understood the conflict, having seen numerous friends and family go through the same thing.  She had him lie back, and then climbed on top of him and continued to soothe his body and emotions, all the while assuring him that he would make the right choice.  She kissed him and asked, What difference would it make?  Stay out of this.
Buckman thought for a moment and knew this was the right conclusion.  If he mentioned what Charles had said about the valve and how they found her on the beam, they could twist it however they pleased.  For all he knew, they had been set up to take the blame, make this look like Charles and Buckman had worked together to kill her and hide the body.  But I saw her.  We both pushed her in.
Marie extended her lithe body to do her best to cover him.  He felt the strength in her as her chest rose and fell with each breath.  She raised her head.  The look in her eyes was one of determination and assurance.  That is all you can do.  They found her.  They went in and found her.  You cant trust them, ever.  Whoever did this wanted her dead and they dont care who they have to tear down to get there.  Theyre mean, and dont care what is really right.  Dont make yourself a target.
Buckman managed to get a few hours of sleep, but then the pounding on his door brought him back to consciousness.  At first, he thought it was his roommate coming back from his shift.  He realized the picture was still lying on his chest and placed it back into the drawer.  The door opened and two security guards entered.

12
Captain Markley had worked aboard spaceships for almost 40 years, Bertie was supposed to be an easy assignment that would take him into retirement.  He had long since satisfied his sense of adventure by piloting crafts like Space Queen or deep space explorers that had taken him away from Earth for years on end.  He had done all that and seen the universe and what it had to offer him.  Now he was content to work a few more runs to get to where he needed to be before heading out to K23, a space station set up for people who wanted to retire in comfort.  As always happened, there was an incident on every run that reminded him of why he wanted to fully retire.  A dead woman in a hold and couple of Bents, probably not even legal, mixed up with this.  It had to be that asshole Parrens wife to make matters worse.
Markley sat at the small conference table in his office, thumbing through the regulation binder, looking for how he would need to handle this without being fired.  Most everything else was in an electronic format, except for the regulations.  Being a paper copy was a symbol as much as being useful.  At the start of every run, a revised set of regulations were physically handed to him as a way to enforce what it contained.  What it really contained in his estimation was the most convoluted set of instructions any Straight lawyer had ever put together.  The rules were purposely convoluted with clauses and addendums that could be enacted to shift blame to someone else.  That was what he was trying to do this morning.
He came to the section on the hiring strata of different orders.  There was a complete subsection on jobs Bents were allowed to work, which he compared with the two men in question.  The one was a common laborer.  There was no conflict with what jobs he had been hired for, according to section 23.6.5.a, subsection 5, table IV.  The other was more of a problem.  He was in a skilled position, which meant he had access to certain ship functions without direct supervision at all times.  This was not an altogether unusual situation; however, this was a point his pinhead overzealous manager would use to cause trouble.  If it came to it, he could somehow prove the man had frequent contact with his Straight supervisor.  If worse came to worst, there was a subsection in the appendix that allowed blame to be shifted to the direct supervisor, thereby excusing himself, Markley, from any negligence.  With that clear in his mind, there was a knock on his door.
Reg walked in with Buckman, Charles, and two security men.  You two wait in the hall, Markley told the two officers.  The other three joined him at the table.
Reg began.  Looks like they want to bring these two in for questioning tomorrow.  One of the... he said before Markley cut him off by raising a hand.
Let me start with this.  Seven more months and I leave with a full forty years of service.  You two know what that means?  There were blank stares from the other side of the table.  That means that no matter what happens, none of this will come back to me.
Well, sir, none of it will, Reg said.  Theyre going in for questioning.  They were working in the hold before the body was found, but theres no evidence showing they were in any way involved.
Thats for the authorities to decide, but I know what these men are.  Probably illegal.  I know how theyll be treated.  Honestly, I dont even want them here, but your company hires this ship and allows them to work here.  What I mean is that if there is even a remote chance they were involved, they will be fired and sent back to the dirt in their own province as fast as possible.  He emphasized this last point by slapping the regulation book on the table.
Sir, Buckman said, neither of us had anything to do with the woman winding up in there.
Markley looked at Reg.  I dont care what.  Anything that looks out of place, and I want them gone.  Though Reg ran the crews and technically did not work for the Captain, this was Markleys ship, and his was the final word.  I got a call with Corporate in an hour.  How do you think I explain this?  One of your crewmembers murders that wife of a prominent leader.  How do I explain that?
Sir, Charles said.  There is no possible way thats true.  Neither of us did a damn thing.
Tell it to the interrogators, you illegitimate bastard.  What do you do back home?  Make more stupid Bent babies and send them over the line?  I read and watch what happens.  Create havoc and problems.  We got it fine, I had it fine, then the Bents come over and screw it all up.  Markley stood up with a groan.  All I know is that you work here.  I dont know where youre from or what you really do.  Get out of here.  I have to prepare a report.
Markley watched them leave and close the door behind them.  God, he hated Bents.  Look at how they acted and dressed.  They stank up his office.  He exhaled audibly and leaned forward on the table.  He went back to his desk to the finish the report for the V.P. and to wait for the call in about an hour.  The V.P. was a higher order Straight who no doubt did not care for Bents either.  Markley had never met the man, but he could envision the type of person who would be in an upper level position.  He was an ass-kissing little prick son of whoever thought they were important.  The thought of being done with people like that made him think this would be his last run.  Markley clicked on his computer and began to wonder how he was going to word this properly.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Outside the office, Reg, Buckman, Charles and the two guards were standing in the hallway.  We need to take you two down for questioning, one of the guards said.
I just answered a bunch of questions, Charles said.  What more you got?
The two guards stared at Charles, unsure how to respond.  I dont know.  Lets go.
13
Parren was in his suite before breakfast, talking on the com to a legislator back on Earth.  The communication delay was getting obtrusive as the conversation became more direct.  There was nothing either of them could do about it, since light only traveled so fast.  Senator, we have to move this forward, Parren said.  Parren could have put him on the visual, but he never liked to do that unless needed.  This would have increased the delay, but there were more important reasons.  There was too much the Senator could learn from facial expressions; and besides, it was still early, and he was not properly dressed.
You have to understand, the Senator said, after the requisite delay.  There are many opinions in how to secure a border and still maintain relations.
There are no more excuses.  If you want funding for your needs, this has to go ahead.  Parren kept his voice down.  He rarely raised his voice.  If anything, he was quieter the more upset he became.  Many years ago, he had perfected having the quietest voice but loudest meaning.
Right.  I understand, the Senator said.  The man was clever, and knew if he did not cooperate, the funding Parren was talking about would go into someone elses campaign.  Parren kept track of who stayed with his ideals and who strayed.  Those who strayed ended up in other professions beside politics.
Parren listened to the man.  As he talked, Parren could hear him form a position around and through the issue, until he came to construct a plan of who he needed to influence and how to proceed.
When he finally concluded, Parren said, We both know the higher purpose to what we are doing.  The only way to continue is to proceed as you described.  This is for the best.  All our lives will be enhanced without the weight of continued miscellaneous discourse that the voters have no patience for.  Our decisiveness is what they really want, though they may only sense what we know as the divine purpose of our machinations.  Still, their lives have been, and will be, profoundly enhanced by what our efforts will bless upon them.
The message made its way through space and into the com the Senator was holding to his ear.  There was a brief acknowledgement, followed by another condolence and a tight farewell.  The line clicked off.
Parren turned off the com console on the table and pushed it aside.  He took a bite of his warm grain cereal and washed it down with a mouthful of warm, clear tea.  There was a mirror beside the table, and he caught a glimpse of himself.  His hair was not quite right.  There was a hairbrush in the drawer built into the table.  He stood up and fixed his hair until everything was perfectly in place, and then he resumed eating in complete silence, with no news scroll or book to read.  Parren often ate alone, staring at a blank wall, alone with his thoughts.  At exactly 8:37 am, he finished eating and rang a service bell.  A young man came into the room and began removing the dishes.  Blue blazer, red tie.  Gray pants.  After a few moments of thought, he added, Ill pick out the shirt.  The young man quietly left with the dishes.  A closet door in the next room opened and closed, and a few moments later, the young man left.
Parren walked to his dressing room to shower and dress for the day.  She had good tastes in furnishings, he thought as he went through their fifteen-room suite.  The place was warm and quiet.  They had owned the suite and used it whenever they wanted to take a vacation.  Bought as an investment and place to live and entertain, Parren had let her decorate and live there whenever she pleased.  For the last six months, she had lived there exclusively.  She would have stayed there longer if....  Well, if.  Parren caught a few more looks of himself in the mirrors and glass panes.  Overall, the suite was modestly sized, certainly not the largest on the ship, but they did have access to any of the clubs and restaurants they wished to attend.  She often did and probably kept an active social schedule.  Parren accompanied her whenever he was aboard, but only if exclusivity was assured.
Bents, of all people.  The report on the newscast was still fresh in his mind.  The little brown man and the taller blonde one.  For sure, they were involved and had been part of many past grievances, all of which would be apparent when the time was appropriate.  They would likely be convicted; jail would be good for them.  As in most of his efforts, he truly did not understand the Bents.  Years ago, the separation was a forgone conclusion, with both sides finally acknowledging the inevitable.  They were given land to live on and all they needed to maintain a sufficient life.  However, they continued to squabble, and there were wage skirmishes, which only made life difficult for both sides.  If neither the Straights nor the Bents had to constantly deal with these kinds of conflicts, they could move together towards a greater good.  Clearly, however, they had not proven worthy of such higher ideals.  True to their nature and DNA, they only succeeded in breeding like flies, with no real thought on how to organize themselves and feed their own children.  Celirna had spent considerable time, at his discouragement, working to better the lives of the Bent children.  There was some research showing improvements could be made.  In the end, though, these measures were always a way of feeling better, with no real measure of success.  The Generators of the theory, his ancestors, had been profound and provided a path towards order and discipline.  Parren and his collaborators had worked hard to ensure things stayed as they were, and the Senator he had been talking to was one of those making sure they did.
As he did every morning before attending to other matters, Parren devoted at least thirty minutes to reading the history and theories of the Generators, and working on a complete history he was planning to publish.  Decades before, everything started with a Doctor Sharp.  Sharp had discovered a supposed aberration to the DNA structure that predicted deviate behavior.  At first, science disputed his findings, but as data grew, they came to accept his theories.  Soon, employers and insurance companies began to use this information to make judgments.  Laws were challenged and eventually proven to support the claims.  People began to arrange marriages and relationships around DNA testing.  Cities began to crumble into segments.  Families split.  Violence erupted, and though the politics were muddled, in the end both sides agreed a physical divide was for the best.  Both sides, however, never really made peace, and problems would erupt and then settle down.  Slowly over the decades, however, Bents had found ways to creep back into the Straight world.  Lines, borders, and creative people are hard to secure.  Parren had made it his lifes work and maintain the separation.  Too much progress had been made since the separation.  He had all the data to support this, and he had used it to build strong allies throughout the lawmaking and defense communities.  
Parren pondered this history for a moment and went about writing the portion he had been working on, an introductory biography of Dr. Sharp:

Dr. Sharp had been born into a patrician family and had inherited his fathers penchant for the divine beauty of nature.  The order and structure of plants, leaves in particular, held an especially riveting interest.  He spent hours as a lad collecting samples and peering into a microscope, his uncharacteristically large head and bushy hair bowed for hours over the optical eyepiece, observing, noting and cataloging.  It was a charmed, enlightened existence for a young man of such brightened astuteness and alacrity, encouraged by a well-bred familial environment that eventually led him to being one of the youngest scholars in his field, publishing respected works before he had fully matriculated....

Parren wrote as long as he could before needing to attend to other duties.  He read what he had written, and knew this would be a definitive account, researched and written in minute, exquisite detail.  Who would not want to read that!  With a sigh, he turned off his notepad, and went back to a news broadcast.  It only took a few minutes for him to see the unrest to know, believe, that what he was doing was a calling he could not refuse.
Parren finished tying his tie and looked in his closet at the extensive collection of white and light yellow shirts.  He had thrown away the blue shirts after a disagreeable moment when he had a fight with her.  Why had she insisted on blue shirts?  She had a persistent way that could be unappealing.  Too much opinion.  He did one final check over his clothes and hair before sliding the com into his pocket and walking towards the door.
Sitting in the outer office of the suite was his publicist Morgan.  Parren nodded to him when he stepped out.  Good morning, Parren, Morgan said.
Good morning, Parren said to the small man with the round glasses.  Morgan had been with him for seven years and had proven to be worthy enough to stay around for a few more.  That time and service had allowed him to become a confidant of sorts.  Mentally quick and easy of manner, he had shown himself capable of controlling and deflecting the press.  Parren continued down the hall.  Morgan fell in half a step behind him.
They went through another door where his attorney, Gryman, and an assistant were waiting.  He nodded to both of them.  I have a matter to attend to regarding my dearly departed wife.
Yes, I have scheduled a meeting with the authorities, Gryman said.  For this trip, Gryman, an established and experienced private attorney, had come along.
The men in question were Bent maintenance workers, Parren said.  Im due there in twenty-seven minutes.  We should leave now to allow for delays.  I imagine there will be press wanting to converse with me.  I really dont have time this morning.
Morgan picked up on this request, though nothing else was added.  Ill handle them.  There should be an escort detail to ship central.
Agreed, Parren said.  With that, he led the way out the door and down the concourse.  The other three men walked slightly behind and to the side of him as he walked through the various halls that eventually ended in a door leading to the public area of the ships Grand Atrium.
Morgan spoke into his com.  A few seconds later, the door opened from the other side, and they were immediately flanked by three security guards.  The media shoved their way in nonetheless as they tried to move forward.  Parrens entourage pressed slowly forward and made marginal progress.  Parren tried to look over the heads of everyone, but made every effort to not touch or be touched by anyone.  He kept his hands down to his sides to avoid the possibility.  Cameras and questions were forced at him.  Not now, please, he heard Morgan say from his side.  Respect the situation he is in.
This did nothing to help their progress, and a camera grazed his shoulder.  Parren caught the eye of one of the guards.  I cant treated like this.
Yes sir, was the terse reply.  Only a few meters more.  They began to press harder through the crowd and made better progress until they came to an exit beside one of the shops.  They unlocked the door and closed it behind themselves, shutting out the din of the crowd.
They climbed into a transport cart that would take them to ship central.  Parren sat in the back, with Gryman beside him.  Morgan had stayed behind to face the media.  That was his job, and Parren was going to let him do it.
Fifteen minutes later, they arrived at the unremarkable entrance to the government of the ship.
Before entering the facility, they were asked by a guard to present their ID sticks, which were thoroughly scanned.
Dont you recognize who I am? Parren asked the entry guard, as he handed over the stick.
Cant be too careful, sir.  Not with whats happened.
Appropriate answer, Parren said.  Parren knew the guard was placating him, but it was the correct answer and he liked being placated.
Parren and Gryman were led to the Major Ordens office, security chief for the ship.  He was finishing a call when they walked in.  Within a minute, he signed off the com and turned his attention the Parren and Gryman.  Gentlemen, I wish we could meet under better circumstances.  He reached across to shake their hands.  Gryman shook hands with the Major.  Parren merely raised his in acknowledgement.
Correct, yes, right, the Chief said, returning to his seat.  
Can you go over the details of what you know so far? Gryman asked.
There is not much to discuss yet.  The two workers were in the area right before the, uh, discovery.  Two officers went in not long after they had been working there and discovered a flood of matter in the hold.  They began draining the area, and the discovery was made.
What do you know about these two workers? Parren asked.
Were still gathering information.  The older one is from Northern, and the other is from Eastern.  The older man has a long record of trouble with authorities.  The maintenance company has employed him for about 15 years.  By all accounts, he is highly skilled at his job.  The other, younger, man has very little in his background, which usually means he is an illegal.
And we let them on the ship? Gryman said.
The Chief cleared his throat and crossed his legs, and Parren knew the man was going to be defensive to Grymans accusation.  Blame always tried to find somewhere to rest.  Im sure it requires no explanation that screening techniques are not foolproof.  We use the standard protocols when reviewing contracted employees, but unless there is an exhaustive search by a trained individual, breaches will occur.
Thats hardly an acceptable excuse, Gryman said.  Parren began to feel he would need to bring this conversation back to the matter at hand if it continued in this manner much longer.
I can only speculate at this point, based on the lack of in-depth background on this man.  A full search is underway, and this will take up to a day.  We cant afford to spend an entire day researching everyone who comes aboard this ship.  Also, privacy laws restrict how far we can investigate without just cause.
Gryman was about to comment on this when Parren said, Can you describe the circumstances under which my dear wife was discovered?
Gryman put his hand onto Parrens arm.  Sir, are you sure you want to discuss this?
I have no other reason for being here.  Parren had heard a general description of her condition when she was found.  He had been a prosecutor in his early career, and had seen enough postmortems to make him immune to the emotional impact.  Spare no details.
Chief Ordan went into a long description of how they entered the hold, made a thorough search, and finally started draining the containment area.  He described the decomposed condition of the body.
How can you be sure this is actually her? Gryman said.
An autopsy is in progress.  The decomposition material makes this difficult.  Right now, we only have strong speculation that this is she.  All other evidence, trackings of her whereabouts, timing of locations, make the case this very likely.  The confirmed data will greatly help us.
Parren was not familiar with how the Alkalinium worked.  He did know it was a widely used material that completely broke down organic materials to harmless and usable components.  I thought a DNA test would be conclusive.  Are you saying you cant even do that?
I dont know yet, the Chief said.  The way it was explained to me is that things are broken to basic elements.  The scientists are looking further to see what they can find.
Gryman pulled his com out.  We have access to the foremost experts in the field.  I can have them up here in a day to help.
Please, the Chief said.  I would rather the criminologists work for now.
I agree.  Lets let the experts do their jobs.  I prefer not to make this a national story, Parren said.  It is distressing enough as it is.
Gryman looked at Parren a moment.  Very well.  Then, to Ordan, he asked, Tell us about the broken valve.
It appeared a plate had given way, allowing the line contents to flow into the hold, Ordan said.
Certainly, the thought has crossed your mind that this one man is a skilled plumber and could have set this up, Parren stated.
Yes, but I find it hard to believe he worked alone.  I also dont see any motive.
Keep looking, Gryman said.  Ive reviewed his profile.  A violent and petulant man.  He probably did not need more than hate as a motivation.
Ordan clicked up a display of Charles that listed out his past offenses and projected it up on the wall behind him.  We have a full history of his activities:  destruction of property, violent conflicts, participation in border problems.  A long list.
Gryman looked over the list and leaned forward on Ordans desk I want to be present at the interrogation, Gryman said.
That would be highly unusual, Ordan said.
Parren knew Gryman was almost of the same order as himself.  He would have a complete distrust of the two Bent suspects.  Gryman is legendary in his skills of interrogation and legal logic.  I want him there, Parren said.
We do very well ourselves.  I would prefer he not be there, Ordan said.  He quickly closed down the display, and shut off the monitor on his desk.
Gryman had his com out and up to his ear.  Give me the Magistrate, please.  Gryman stood up and conducted the conversation quietly, but just loud enough for Ordan and Parren to hear.
Gryman hung up.  Parren, knowing who was called and what was going to happen, stood up from the desk as well.  Youll be receiving a call in a few minutes.  Afterwards, be so kind as to contact Gryman of the time of the interrogation.
Parren and Gryman left the office and took the transport back to their offices.  Parren returned to the suite where be continued to conduct business.  He was glad that Gryman would be in the interrogation room.  Though he was interested in the proceedings, he knew his presence would be unusual.  He also had other things on his agenda that day that he needed to do, and he did not want to spend the time at the security facility.  Work was often the best cure for emotional thoughts.
14
The security guards had led Charles, Buckman and Reg to a room designated Interview Room 5.  They had been sitting there for about an hour with the guard when the door opened and two men entered.  One of them had on an officers uniform, and the other was wearing a gray flannel suit.  Buckman recognized the officer from when they were first brought into the room but had not seen the other man before.  Both men sat down on the opposite side of the table.  The officer, Crombly, according to the name on his tag, ever so slightly turned his chair away from the other man.  The man in gray quietly crossed his legs and sat very still.  The officer had a cup of coffee on the table, which he drank and then exhaled audibly and importantly through his throat and nose.  Buckman usually did not notice such things, but in this case, the body language and sounds left little doubt that the officer either was trying to prove something to the other man or had an intense dislike of him.  Maybe both.
The man in the gray suit spoke first.  My name is Gryman, I represent the interests of Parren, the victims husband.
Cop told us they aint got a positive ID on the body yet, Charles blurted out.  Keep us here for an hour and tell us a lie, that how it starts?
May I remind you sir Gryman said.
Crombly spoke up.  Im going to remind both of you, this is my investigation, and I will ask the questions.  If thats not understood, Ill find another way to conduct this.  Gryman feigned an interest in his fingernails.  Charles smirked.
Crombly said to Charles, Explain what happened when you first entered the hold.
Look, I described the whole mess before.  Neither of the men on the other side of the table reacted.  I went in and did an inspect right after we docked.  I had to plan out the work on the orders.
Reg jumped in.  See, the orders come out before the job is finalized.  Things can change before we dock and begin work.  That finalizes the work agreement.  Gryman looked down at Reg for a second.
And what is your position? Gryman asked him.
Im the supervisor for the recycling team, Reg said.  Gryman renewed his interest in his fingernails by rubbing his thumb across them.
Crombly continued.  Describe what you saw the second time you entered the area.
Aint that right in front of you? Charles asked.  Again neither man reacted.  Gryman did not raise his head to look at Charles.  Once again.  I came around the side of the hold and I seen shit flying 20 meters high.  When you get a goddamn leak in light gravity and low air pressure, a linell blow like week old chili out yer ass.
Gryman looked up.  Reg said, Charles, watch your language.
Buckman chimed in.  It was a massive leak.  The biggest I ever seen.
Charles is the most knowledgeable man we have on the operation of the systems.  If anyone could diagnose and fix it, it would be him, Reg said in a calm voice.
Crombly entered a few pieces of information into the data pad.  Gryman said, Ask him how he learned the entire recycling system.  Crombly looked at Gryman, who did not return the stare.  He set his hand on the table and drummed his fingers once.  Ask him, please.  Youre the lead investigator.
How have you come to have an in-depth knowledge of the entire system? Crombly asked.
Charles looked at Gryman, who still was turned slightly away from him.  Gryman continued to drum his fingers.  What? Charles asked.
Crombly looked at Gryman.  Have him answer the question, Gryman said.
Please answer the question, the officer said.
Charles tilted his head to one side and let out a grumpy sigh.  What are you, his puppet?  He got his hand up your butt, working your mouth?  The silence that followed was only filled with Grymans drumming fingers and a stifled throat clearing from Crombly.
Hes been in this business for almost twenty-five years, Reg said.  All his training and certifications are up to date.
Is he the supervisor for these men? Gryman asked Crombly.
Yes, Crombly said.  He paged through a number of screens.  Reginald McCullough.  Works for TAris Waste products.  Hes been employed for twenty years.  Started as a He was cut off by a wave of Grymans hand.  Excuse me? I thought you me asked a question.
And you answered it.  The remaining information is of little importance, Gryman said.
How can you say that? Crombly asked.
Continue with your questioning.  The blonde man, when did he first enter the hold? Gryman said.
Crombly slammed the screen closed on the table.  I will ask the questions here.  This is my investigation.  Buckman was stunned.  Charles continued to smirk.
Then ask.  You were about to ask that anyway.  This is a very relevant question, Gryman said.
He opened the screen again and asked, in an even voice, When did you first enter the hold?
Buckman was confused as to who was really in control of this interrogation.  Maybe that was Grymans goal.  Right, I went in at 800.
What actions did you perform? Crombly asked.
I was to watch the material transfer and do a class 1 inspection of the hold, Buckman said.
What is a class 1 inspection? Gryman said.  Sorry; please ask him the question.
Crombly looked at Buckman but did not verbalize the question.  Buckman answered anyway.  A class 1 inspection looks for obvious structural problems and leaks.
The information was entered into the database.  Before Crombly could finish, Gryman asked another question.  Where did he look, specifically?
Buckman looked between the two interrogators, still confused on who was doing what.  After several moments, Crombly pointed at him.  I went to the top of the tank with a monitor to detect any leaks.  I also looked at the struts on all sides for any signs of cracks or fatigue.
Gryman asked the officer.  Do you think both of these men could possibly have an in-depth knowledge of the workings of the plumbing on a ship of this complexity?
Charles was no longer able to contain himself. What the hell are you driving at? he bellowed.
Can we have him removed? Gryman asked, pointing at Charles and looking back at the viewing window.
Charles jumped up.  What are you trying to do?  Dont you want to find the killer?  This woman didnt just wander in there and get lost.  Crombly put a hand onto Charless arm.  This smells funny, and I work in some shitty places.  It seems damn strange the police go in right after we was.  Its like we was set up.  I know how the sewage system works better than my own insides.  Whoever did this broke the valve.  I can prove it.  Theres marks all over them bolts.
Whos to say you didnt leave the marks there?  You would know how to do that, Gryman said.
You son-of-a-Bent motherfucker.  Charles started to crawl across the table, but forgot his hands were tied down.  He slipped out of his chair and fell to the floor cursing and yelling.
Within seconds, another officer entered the room.  He started unlocking Charles and dragging him back up to a standing position.  Charles appeared to calm down, which caused the officer to stop, but keep his grip on him.
Charles bent forward slightly and said to Gryman, You tight-assed bastard.  I know what youre all about.  Fear.  Enough fear and people will say anything for you to leave em be.  We get tired of that.  Tired of your kind.  I know what stink is and this reeks.
Charles knew enough not to make any more of a scene, and he left with the guard.  Gryman did not watch as he left the room, only looking at his manicured left thumbnail and rubbing it with his index finger.
Crombly made another entry into the data log.  Very well.  Continue explaining your actions in the hold.
Buckman went into detail about how he went around to the various supports and incoming lines, looking for any signs of fatigue.  This explanation included a detailed working of the monitor and him dropping it, though he placed himself in a different location when that happened.
How could he be under the tank and not see her?  Gryman asked.
Buckman felt there was something odd about that question, but was not sure what it was.  He was not sure if Gryman had jumped to a conclusion or how much he knew about how she was found.  Buckman knew the answer was that he had to be almost in the exact position he was to have seen her, but did not want to give that much detail, so he gave an in-between answer.  Its real dark under there.  I had a helmet on and visor over my face.
Gryman blinked a couple of times.  Of course.  Excuse me.  Were you the first person to go in there after you docked? he asked Buckman.
We work in regular shifts, Reg said.  Like we said, Charles went in first to check on what needed to be done.
What do you think? Gryman asked Crombly, who at first appeared to not hear him.  He stopped entering data and thought for a moment.
What shift did you work that day? he asked Buckman.
I was on the first shift.  I went in ahead of anyone else, Buckman said.
Even before the other man? Crombly asked.
Buckman needed to be in there for the docking and secure transfer of the expended waste material.  Thats a safety regulation were required to follow, Reg said.
Was he assisting the other man at any point? Crombly asked.
If you look at the safety codes, if there is a repair in progress or machinery moving around, at least two workers need to be present, Reg said.  He started to remove his data pad and look for that exact regulation.  Gryman had no interest; however, Crombly patiently waited for Reg to find the clause and then noted it in the interview record.
How deep was the liquid in the hold when you stepped in? Gryman asked.
Waist deep.  When I bent over my visor was partially submerged.
Gryman pursed his lips and shook his head.  This is just too convenient, he said to Crombly.  These men were right in the vicinity of where she was found.  They admit it and the movement records prove it, and yet they claim no involvement.  They both have a profound knowledge of the workings of the system.
Buckman first turned to Reg for help, but saw there was none there.  I just didnt see anything.  II cant explain it better than that.
Gryman pressed his finger onto the table.  Listen, all of you.  This was the wife of an important and powerful man.  His influence is limitless.  He will not stop until the perpetrators are caught, duly prosecuted, and punished.  His and my backgrounds are in legal prosecution and law.  We therefore know all the ins and outs of how the system works.  Parren is a brilliant man, as am I, and we cannot be fooled.  Our skills of perception and logic are beyond what most people can even imagine.  Ive often been accused of reading peoples minds, but I assure you my only tricks are a high degree of intelligence and persistence.  If you were involved with this, and I believe you were, your best course is to confess.  I know from experience this will greatly curtail the incarceration.  Incarceration means jail time in case you dont know.
Crombly finished entering a few notes.  Anything else? he asked Gryman.
Gryman removed his com from his pocket and held it out.  I can call someone right now and have you removed from this case.  You ask the right questions make the right conclusions, and there will be no problem.  Its your choice.
Crombly closed the data pad.  Finished?
Gryman put the com away and left the room.  Crombly continued with the same series of questions he had asked before, to which Buckman gave the same answers.
15
Before leaving the interrogation room, a tracking bracelet was placed on Buckmans left wrist.  The plastic ring hung loosely around the wrist, but it was still a nuisance.  The policeman read to him from a prepared statement.
The item being placed on your person does not constitute a conviction.  This is only being done for the purpose of monitoring your whereabouts during this official investigation, G010-08-004-DO004.  However, removal of the item is punishable by up to a year of confinement.  The item will be removed upon the completion of the investigation.  They then led Buckman and Reg back out of the security center to let them find their way back to Bertie.  As they stood in the concourse, a private transportation cart with Gryman and his assistants went by and disappeared around the corner.
This looks bad, Buckman said.
Reg was walking in the direction the cart had gone, and Buckman began to follow him.  He assumed Reg knew his way around or had directions on his com.
I know how it is, Reg started to say when Buckman came up beside him.  Ive worked with Bents long enough to know you dont get a fair break.
But you know we didnt do this, Buckman said.  They had come to a corner where a public transport would meet them.  Reg put in a call to be picked up.
He spoke for a few seconds then hung up.  Of course you didnt.  What reason do you have?  Reg crossed his arms and looked at his shoes.  Lets be honest here.  We all know who Parren is.  Hes in a powerful position, and he hates everything there is to do with Bents.
The mans evil.  Not to mention this lawyer, or whoever he was, Buckman said.  The word sounded odd to him, since evil carried with it some kind of supernatural ability.  Clearly, Gryman thought he was as close to an advanced being if there was one.  Parren probably thought the same, so maybe the term made sense.  Buckman needed no reminder of how he was overmatched if it came down to any kind of legal battle.  He knew at least that his job on the ship was over, and he would be lucky to get hired back anywhere.  The identity stick was in his pants pocket.  He ran his thumb and forefinger over it, and then took his hand out of his pocket and looked at where they had extracted a sample for evaluation.  They would catch him for being an illegal.  A complete DNA scan would reveal this.
How do they know its his wife? he asked Reg.
They know.  They always find a way to know.  If not, theyll make it that way, Reg said.  He sat down on a bench to wait for the transportation cart.
A small group of ship employees walked by, two men and two women.  Buckman guessed they were part of the ships administration, since they seemed to be familiar with where they were, as opposed to a guest who might be lost.  They took little notice of him, but one of the men glanced at the bracelet on Buckmans hand.  He sat down quickly and covered it with his other hand.  I have to talk to Charles.
They must still have him.  Fairly routine; theyll talk to each of you separately and see if your stories match up.  Think he did it? Reg asked.
The question did not surprise Buckman, and he thought Reg did not believe it.  Of course not.  He thought about telling Reg what he knew really happened in the hold but figured this was not the time.
I dont think so, either, Reg said.  How well do you know him?
Well enough.  He causes trouble, but this is not something hed do.  It doesnt even make sense that he would.
I know.  I hope they get that message.  The truth can be a bother sometimes.  Reg put his head down.  He had not turned his com back on after the call for transportation.  Even though Reg was there with Buckman, he was still on duty, and being out of contact was a problem.  Everyone was available all the time.  You know what its like?  What its like to be a Bent? Buckman asked.
Reg did not move, and for a moment, Buckman thought he did not hear the question.  I do.  Look at what I do for a living.  My DNA is borderline, as is much of my family.  My niece was taken away.
Buckman knew that in rare but not unusual cases, a Bent baby was born to Straight parents.  Normally, this would be caught at the first sign of pregnancy, and the parents could then decide to terminate.  Some did, and some did not.  It was a choice.  In other cases, the tests were wrong, and post-birth tests confirmed the truth.
It was a borderline conclusion on the tests, so we went ahead with it.  They took her away within a few days of birth, Reg continued.  They took her to a transition center.  She was there for a couple of years before being placed in a home.
You ever see her? Buckman asked.
On occasion, but theres no connection there.  They cant bring her back, legally.  We dont talk about it in the family.
Reg shook his head and shuffled his feet.  Buckman watch as Reg slowly lowered his head until his face was hidden.  He could see Reg was breathing deeply, and knew he had just told him a part of his life that was never mentioned.  The shame on the family would be enormous.  Was it really your niece?
He stayed very still again, and Buckman was not inclined to ask again.  No.  Theres a reason we dont have any children.
Another cart rolled by going in the opposite direction they needed to go.  A few more workers strolled past as well.  Reg stood up and walked away from the bench a few meters, leaving Buckman alone on the bench.  I understand, Reg.
It was our daughter, Reg said.  My wife and I mourn the loss every day.  I had a good job as an accountant.  I lost that.  We dont dare have more children.  Wed never recover.
Buckman realized that Reg could only do so much for him.  He would help provide support as to where they were that day and what they were doing, but beyond that there was not much the man could do.  When he thought about it though, that was more than any Straight would have done.  Thanks, Reg.
I can tell them you both are decent, hardworking men.  I have all the reports and reviews to prove it.  Dont know how much thatll help, but its something.  Theyll come asking.  Always do.
A few minutes later, a transport stopped by.  Because of the bracelet, Reg would need to escort him back through the ship and onto Bertie.  Other than business, they talked about nothing else.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
With the tracking bracelet, Buckman was restricted to Bertie.  The next day he spent working in the recycling hold, tossing trash and material into various bins for disposal.  The work was hot and noisy, which was fine, because it took his mind off the troubles he was having.  That evening, while he was in the cafeteria, there was an unending stream of questions about the bracelet.  Many of the Bents had seen them before or had even worn them at times.  A few gave suggestions on how to remove it without the authorities knowing, Buckman had no interest in trying any of the suggestions.  Charles had still not returned from the security center, and Buckman was beginning to worry about what they had talked to him about.  There was a chance they were holding him just because of his behavior.  He was just starting to wonder what he was going to say to Charles when he noticed people were moving away from him.
A security guard came up beside his seat.  The man started reading some form of rights, which Buckman only half listened to.  He put his fork down beside his plate and knew any thoughts of seeing Marie soon were useless.  When the guard finished reading the rights, he said, Hold out your hands, and come with us peacefully.  Buckman did so and the handcuffs were put on.  The guard then led him out of the cafeteria.
16
Parren did not particularly like space travel.  Being on a ship usually required two or three days before his digestion settled down.  The doctors said the nausea and diarrhea were a result of the change in gravity and lack of orientation to the outside world.  Today, finally, he felt he could safely venture away from a bathroom, and had booked a few hours in the Presidents conference room.  He had arrived early to enjoy the quiet, take in the view and have a few words with Gryman on the interrogation.
The room was breathtaking, and if he had not spent a few days getting acclimated, he would not be in there, as he would have had problems with the extreme view.  This was not so much a room as an atrium on the outside of the ship.  The room was situated on a narrow projection extending away from the hull.  The ceiling, three walls, and part of the floor were a dome with a clear view of earth rotating slowly in the background.  Bertie, despite its age and degraded state, was tiny but beautiful, joined to the Queen off to the side.  Other ships being serviced were scattered about at all orientations, all in a well-controlled tumble through space.  Parren put his hands behind his back and took it all in.  What a magnificent creation, he thought.  Only beings with superior minds could have dreamed and pursued such magnificence.  A floating, space-born civilization.
Technology had advanced at a staggering rate in the last century.  His ancestors had set up a system of government and law that had created a society that made great imaginings possible.  They had no choice then.  War had torn yet another stupendous rift in humanity, and they had to do something to prevent those kinds of problems again.  Order was established, and based on peoples natural inclinations, everyone had a role to play.  The DNA testing and eventual separation, though not perfect, had allowed this to happen.  It had become a covenant in the Book of Proofs and basis of the civilization the Straights had established.  Being able to know a persons tendencies, strengths, and limitations from the moment of birth had allowed nearly everyone to be a productive member of the order they had built.  Such a tremendously powerful, yet simple concept.  Why did people fight it, when the magnificence of the application of this concept was right in front of them?  Look what we have built.  Look at what I have done.  All of us.
Parren looked back at the Bertrand Geirer and thought of the two men who were under investigation.  Bents like them needed to understand that even their lives were enhanced.  There was no denying ones true self; after all, what was truer than your basic genetic structure?  Even if the Bents were allowed to live freely in Straight schools and businesses, their inferiority would doom them to the bottom of the scale.  By putting them in one area, they were able to be amongst themselves and do whatever it was they liked to do, instead of forcing them into lives of constant desperation and failure.  That would be their lot.  They would never understand, though.  Unfortunately, they would always be an impediment to progress, theirs and everyones, impediments to achievements they could not even conceive.  Such was Parrens chosen obsession:  to ensure limitless progress would continue for generations.
The door behind him opened and Gryman and Morgan entered.
My God, Morgan said, walking over to one of the glass walls.  He stuck his hand out and pressed it against the glass for a moment to keep his balance.  Ive never been in here before.
Yes, it is wonderful, Parren said, sitting down at the table.  Gryman joined him there, and after about fifteen seconds, Morgan sat down as well.  What are the details on the interrogation of the two suspects? he asked Gryman.
Very interesting, to say the least.  I was only there for a few minutes, but the actions of the one man were deplorable, Gryman said.
Ive heard he can be quite vulgar, Parren said.  And the other man?
He was quieter, and he often seemed to let the others in the room do the speaking.  I looked into both of their backgrounds and found information that definitely raises suspicion, Gryman replied.
Are they legal? Morgan asked.
Theyre checking further, but it appears the young man is not, and the other one is, Gryman said.
We cant put our protective measures in place soon enough.  This is exactly what I have been indicating for the past year.  Parren had been pushing for further controls on allowing Bents who worked for Straight-owned businesses.  Progress has been made, but this is a tragic incident that will lend credence to everything we wish to achieve.
Sir, Morgan said, well need to address how to integrate this into our agenda at a later date.  Immediately, we need to control how this is released to the public.  I also want to be sure not to overburden you in your time of sorrow.
Not to worry, and thank you for your concern, Parren said.  Parren was well aware of Morgans gift for appeasement, but that was a bit much.  However, that was why he hired the man.  The legal man, what is his background?
He has a long history of trouble.  He was jailed numerous times for minor disturbances.  Once for spraying partially refined fecal matter on the front of an establishment that refused to serve him.  It was for good reason, I might add.
Parren was confused.  The statement was indistinct.  You mean the establishment refused to serve him, and then he responded by spraying said establishment with foul matter, and then he was incarcerated?  Or did he have a justifiable reason for spraying foul matter?
They refused him for legal reasons, and his response brought jail time.  He had recently been released after fighting in a violent border riot, and a restaurant refused to serve him because of his background.  A police officer tried to restrain him and was injured.  The attack on the property happened a few hours later.
In what capacity did he fight in the riot? Morgan asked.
One of a large unorganized mass.  No real role other than to operate a gun and crude missiles, Gryman said.
Can you pass that information to me? Morgan asked.  Gryman made a few entries into his data pad and sent the information over to Morgan.
A history of violence, then.  How does the evidence look against them? Parren said.
Their presence in the hold is well recorded before the discovery.  The older man had been in there briefly the day before, and he has extensive knowledge of the ships fluid systems.  We were able to gather enough data to have both retained.  The timing of each being there is too convenient, and their combined knowledge is enough to cause serious suspicion.
Sir, I hate to bring this up, but have you been briefed as to the details?  It is germane to the conversation, Morgan said.
Yes.  The brutality was shocking, Parren said biting his lip.
My fear is that the older man will try to make this look as if they were set up, Gryman said.  He indicated he knew how this was done and could prove it.  Of course this was during one of his many emotional outbursts, so the validity of the claim is doubtful.
Still, a skilled defender could use that as a defense, Parren said.
Skilled is a relative term, Gryman said with no intent of humor.
Of course, but we have to consider the possibility, Parren said.
How knowledgeable is he really of the ships systems? Morgan asked.
Exactly, Parren agreed.  He had been thinking of ways to counter a plausible defense.  One way was to exploit the mans own comprehension.
He is the lead mechanical technician on the plumbing staff.  He is a certified master plumber but also has apprentice level skills as an electrician and carpenter.  This is work he has been performing for over twenty years.  Gryman paged through a number of screens on his data pad.  Yes, actually twenty-three years.  Thats why he was able to get clearance to leave his province for work purposes.
The evidence will need to be solid against him, but I do say he has the skills.  Parren gave this some thought.  We have to be sure the evidence does indeed put him there.
Gryman put the data pad back onto the table.  There could be some softness there.  But the authorities need to put facts honestly before the judges, and a conviction should go through.
Some persuasion may be required, Parren said, turning towards Morgan.
Do we know who the judges are? Morgan asked.
Not yet, but there are a limited number who work in this jurisdiction.  Ill let you know when I learn more, Gryman said.
I can make a pointed release of the perpetrators backgrounds.  Other details of the crime and connection to these men can be fed out through various channels, Morgan said.
Do you think they actually did this? Parren asked both of them.
Absolutely, Gryman said.  Their behavior, the knowledge and timing are all pointed to them being the culprits.  Yes, everything points towards them.
Morgan was looking at his data pad. And you? Parren asked.
Bents have a well-established pattern of violence and disruptive behavior, especially those from Northern.  To be honest, I dont have the legal acumen of you two, so I must look to you for guidance.  However, this conversation is damning to their cause, Morgan said.  I have plenty of background on both men to create a terribly negative image.
But you havent answered the question, Gryman said.
Morgan did not flinch.  They are guilty in my eyes.  The only question is the total extent of their involvement or the depth of their guilt.
The younger man, what will come of him if he is not convicted of the murder?
The maximum penalty for illegal entry is one year of solitary confinement and mental retraining.
That sickens me.  Is that all he could get for entering under false pretenses?  Parren was appalled whenever he heard this.  Most Bents that were found like this only received a few weeks, maybe a month, of confinement.  Even then, they were cared for at taxpayers expense and in prison with their own kind.  Hardly a deterrent.  Rarely a full year was served.  If its only year, make sure he never even thinks of coming back.
Gryman and Morgan both understood what they needed to do.  Parren dismissed them so he could be alone with his thoughts.  
His access throughout the ship allowed him into places few other passengers would ever see.  He exited the conference room a few minutes after Gryman and Morgan to be sure they had left the hallway outside.  The exclusive access, in addition to there being few other passengers aboard, meant that he was able to walk by himself without seeing another person.  As he was walking, he began to imagine how Charles could persuade the judges of his innocence.  Who knows?  Maybe he had actually done the murder.  When Parren decided Celirna was too great a problem, he anonymously said certain things to certain people.  He said how he wanted this to happen and when.  The rest was left to them, whoever they were, and they had no knowledge he had made the order.  They were professionals, he tried to tell himself, but they were not perfect.
Parren came to his quarters and entered through a private door in the back.  He stopped in front of a mirror and looked at himself, picked up a hairbrush, and began making sure every hair was in place.  Charles knew too much.  It would be easy to make the classic mistake of underestimating him.  Gryman would recognize this, but others might not.  That was a problem.  The plumber would have enough knowledge of the area to know if there was an inconsistency.  He would need to be thoroughly mentally reconditioned.  This was a long and tedious process, but there would be time and resources.  Charles would probably serve two years, but after one, his mind would be a blank slate.  The remaining year, and the rest of his life, would be a necessary blur to him.  That was the only way to handle a Bent.
17
The two police officers ushered Buckman out of the cafeteria, across the walkway to the Queen, and to a cart.  They drove him to the same location he was in the day before and delivered him to the same interrogation room.  After sitting for a few moments, Buckman asked, Can you explain this again?
The officer, another bored looking Straight folded his arms.  Like I said, you will have the benefit of counsel.  Shell be here in a few minutes to explain the entire charge.
Dont you know why Im here? Buckman asked.  The two men had not said much since they picked him up and read him his rights.  He knew what it likely was, but wanted to hear an explanation.
Actually, I have no idea.  My job is to move people.
A few seconds later, the door opened, and a middle-aged woman walked in.  She seemed to weave around for moment.  Sorry, I just came on-board, and Im still getting acclimated.  Then, to the policemen, You can go.
Once they were alone, Buckman asked, Can you tell me why Im here?
The woman sat down and put a data pad on the table.  Give me a few minutes.  They sent me all the way up here to defend you.  I was finishing up another case when they called.  Buckman watched as she scrolled through page after page of information.  He was not able to catch what she was looking through, but apparently she was a fast reader and could make sense of the text and graphics.  She made an occasional hmm as she read.
Finally, she stopped and set the pad aside.  Looks like youre here illegally.  Plead guilty.
The womans face was a complete blank.  Buckman studied the dark skin on her cheeks, hoping to get some indication of what she was talking about.  What was your name again?
Trilana.  Please refer to me as Counselor.
Is that all you have to say?  For me to plead guilty? Buckman said.
Yes.  The proof is undeniable.  The tests that came back show you do not match the identity on your stick.  The worst thing you can do is refute this and try to fight the charge.  Again, not a smile or expression.  She began paging through more data, none of which looked to be related to him.
Hold on.  What about my friend Charles?  What happened to him?  You have to tell me.  I know hes innocent.  We both are.  Buckman had not realized it at first, but he had been hitting his handcuffs on the table as he was talking.  She pulled her head back and grabbed the data pad.  Buckman put his hands back into his lap.  For moment, she eyed the call button on the end of the table.  He knew this would bring in guards with their stun guns, and in seconds, he would be on the floor, paralyzed.
I dont know anything about that, or your involvement.  Can you deny you are here illegally? she asked.
Buckman clenched his hands, despite the attempt to stay calm.  He had always been known for his even demeanor.  People had often wondered if he was not passionate enough.  But this finally got to him.  His chin started to work up and down involuntarily, and his vision started to blur.  I cant, he started to say.  He stood up and walked to the far corner of the room, facing away from her.  Not right.  Its not right.
Trilana would never have a chance if he were to get physical, but he had enough sense to know that would be a serious mistake.  The anger had to go away before he continued.  Buckman felt it was best if he stayed there until he was able to get control of his emotions.  Every movement and word said in that room was recorded and could show up later if there was any question.  His whole life, especially when in Straight territory, was recorded somewhere.
Are you feeling well? she asked.
Yes, he managed to say.  The rage subsided with that one word, replaced by a feeling of unsettlement.  A thought came to his mind, from Jack of all people.  Once he told Buckman, if you want to get out of trouble, act like they do, kiss their ass, theyre to damn stupid to tell.  When he was ready, he turned back and sat down.  Tell me about my friend Charles.  Please, I have to know, and as counsel, you are required to tell the circumstances of my case.  They took him away, and I havent seen him since.  I have to know, I absolutely have to know what happened to him.
I cant.  Thats another case.  Im forbidden from discussing it.
But its directly related to why youre here, right?  Why cant you talk to me about it?  Buckman had no legal training and was only going by instinct.  All he wanted to do was to keep her talking, and there was a good chance she would answer the question.  I know the man.  Hes not the type to do what they think he did.  I can help his case.
There was another button on the table with an X on it.  She reached over and held the button down.  Stop there.  This is strictly between us.  Dont volunteer information on his case.  They determined time of death within a few hours.  The record shows, and he confirms he was in there within that timeframe.  She flipped through to another screen on the data pad.
Possibly, but I dont think he did it.  Buckman stopped and thought about Charles going in there right after they docked.  Was there time for him actually to do this?  Maybe, but he knew Charles had no reason to perform such an act.
Listen carefully.  I do not, understand, do not, have to discuss his case with you, she said, keeping her hand on the button.  Ill meet with the judges and suggest six months maximum for you.  I think I can get it, based on similar cases.  Anything you say or admit to will make this worse for you and him.  Everyone knows you were in there at the same time as the body.  That looks very bad.  Youre facing two years if you are connected in any way.  You know how youll be treated if you provide information.  Itll be turned against you, rest assured.  The best thing you can do for him is not try some kind of elaborate defense, unless you confess you did it.  Did you?
Buckman could vividly remember seeing Celirnas body crammed into the beams and then sinking away after they pushed her in.  The deformed head and ripped up hand were the last he saw of her as she sank.  Then he thought of the contrasting image from the newscasts.  The flowing blonde hair and wide smile.  This isnt fair.  The killer will get away.  Neither of us did it.  He could say something now, but was not sure.  We saw her.
Stop!  Dont say another word.  Her brown Asiatic eyes were riveted on his.  They remained like that until she was sure he was not going to continue.  Serve your time now.  Tell your story when you get out.  If you know anything, thats the best you can do.  If you truly want to help him, keep quiet, exercise patience as best as you can, or they will lock you up and make you forget.  She released the button.  Ill enter a guilty plea.  Your trial is in two days.  Six months to a year, youll be back in Eastern.  Youll be reviewed in the standard manner for Bents.  A three-judge panel will hear your case.  You can argue in your defense, though I would recommend you not argue too strenuously.  Theyll decide your punishment.  The least amount of trouble you give them, the more lenient they will be.
Wait, what about my family? Buckman asked.  They would be depending on his income for food and support.  Do they know?  How will they take care of themselves?
They have been informed; however, personal contact is forbidden.  You should have considered the consequences before you did this, she said.
Consider what? Buckman said.  If he were locked away, they would probably be forced to move out of their home.  Whatre my choices?  Stay there and watch them starve or take the chance to cross over?
She stood up from the table and tucked the data pad under her arm.  For a brief moment, she seemed to consider his question.  Consider yourself lucky.  This could have been much worse.  She rapped her knuckles on the door.  It opened, she left, and it was slammed behind her.
Buckman sat there for about another minute when the door opened again, and a security guard came in.  The guard led him away to a small holding cell in the back of the security complex.  It was a long walk, but he knew better than to strike up a conversation with his escort.  All he needed was to hear more about how Bents were treated so well.  How the Straight system of punishment was so humane and equal.  They came to his cell.  The guard let him walk in and then locked the door behind him.  Buckman had nothing better to do than wait until morning.
18
Two Years Before
Parren had been pacing around the back foyer for a good fifteen minutes.  He had already been up to make sure Celirna was indeed packing and arranging her belongings for the trip.  As near as he could tell, she had made so little progress fifteen minutes before he had to finally go downstairs.  Clothes and shoes were all over her room, along with her business and communication computers.  Technology had existed for years to combine all this equipment into one unit, but she insisted on carrying separate items for each.  She claimed it was easier for her to remember if everything was on completely different computers and coms.  No amount of explanation or instruction would convince her otherwise.
He yelled up the stairs.  Celirna, please, we are 23 minutes late for takeoff already.  The crew is sufficiently prepared for our departure.  His own belongings had been arranged and packed per his precise instructions a week before.  The com in his pocket vibrated.
Give me a few more minutes, Im almost ready.  You know, you own the damn transport, and we have plenty of time.  Were on no set schedule until tomorrow, she said.  Parren could hear her packing as she talked.
Thats not the point.  Leaving at 4:00 means leaving at 4:00, not 4:43.  There was a deep sigh and the typical silence.
There.  Clark is bringing everything down now.  
They clicked off, and Parren saw her manservant coming down the spiral staircase with one suitcase in each hand and a small bag under each arm.  Years of similar maneuvers had made him an expert at handling that kind of load.  Celirna, dressed casually in custom tailored black pants, low-heeled boots, a loose shirt, and an oversized tweed jacket, followed him down the stairs carrying another small bag.  They reached the bottom and headed straight to the door to the transport.  Stop complaining, lets go, she said over her shoulder.
The transport lifted off and quickly they were at the cruising altitude of 10,000 meters.  Parren settled in and made some calls on people he was working with on the Council Superrum concerning land deals with a group of Bent farmers.  The Council was an organization he had formed about fifteen years prior, when he made his brief attempt at a run for national office.  The attempt failed, but the Council remained and had grown into a force within the ranks of Straight politics.  Celirna had made a presentation to the council to provide hospital equipment and school supplies to a cross-border organization called GoodShare, of which she was chairwoman.  This trip was a culmination of two years of her work, and Parren was going to be there to present the benevolent face of the Council.
The call ended, and he stared for a moment at his wife as she looked out of the window.
What do you see? he asked.
Difference, she said, pulling her hair back and taking a clip out of her handbag.  She used it to tie the loose hair into place, displaying the different shades that were always evident.  She pointed down to the ground.  Were following the border.  Theres one city just at the horizon on that side and one on the other side.
Hm, Parren said.  The difference between the two was clear even at this distance and altitude.
Look at the smog, the sprawl, she said gazing at the Bent city.  There are people trying to live in that.
The brown haze enveloped the Bent city up to a considerable height.  Disappointing, he said.
Disappointing, she repeated.  They were alone in the cabin, with the pilots and two members of the crew in a separate compartment.  Parren knew they were not listening, but still he was concerned she might become irritable with him.  Disappointing is when your favorite show isnt on.  People dying because of that brown smog.  Lives are being ruined on an ongoing basis.
Please dear, Parren said.  My choice of words is sometimes inadequate.  Im not as skilled nor versed as you are in these matters.  I would prefer we not become cross.
A tired smile came to her face.  She blinked slowly once and went back to looking at the ground below.  They continued to fly along the border.  He was fully aware of the differences he could see between the two sides.  The border was a solid black line, heavily reinforced and patrolled on the Straight side.  The ground was mostly barren on the Bent side, while lush farmland sprawled out on the other.  For decades, the farms were a source of employment for Bents, a fact that worried Parren, knowing the flood of people who crossed the border every day.  Celirna was toying with a strand of hair that came down over her shoulder to her chest.  The two of them had talked for hours about various forms of cross-border employment, but he doubted if she fully understood the problems this caused.  He went back to his com to prepare for a presentation he was scheduled to make in a week.
19
After several hours of rolling around on the thin cot, Buckman heard a small group of people coming down the hall.  He was not sure who it was until he heard Charles starting to yell.  Dont believe a word they say, Buckman!  Theyre a bunch of damn liars, and I can prove it!  Dont ever forget it!  Buckman saw them come into view just at the corner of the hall.  The guard behind Charles pulled out a stick and gave him a jolt that sent him straight up into the air.  They tried to hold him as he started to topple over, but they were not quick enough.  Charles hit the floor with an audible smack from the back of his head.  If he was not knocked unconscious when the guards stunned him, the fall would have done it.  The two guards grabbed him on either side, under his arms, and pulled him along the floor.
A few minutes later, they came for Buckman and took him to a different interrogation room.  The room only had three chairs, one in the corner and two facing each other.  Buckman was told to sit in the chair in the corner.  The guards left.  The room was empty except for him and the chairs, though he suspected there was a camera buried in the wall somewhere.  He stood and took a few steps.  Remain seated, a voice said.
Buckman sat back down.  He was confused.  His trial was set for the next day, and everything was probably decided.  Then again, he realized this probably had to do with Charles, as the case against him was more serious.  Buckman had not talked to him since they were first brought in.  He wished he could talk to Charles to find out what they were trying to get out of him.  The few times Buckman had been pulled in for minor infractions were nothing like this.  He did his best to remember the story he and Charles had agreed upon.  They had not seen a thing in the hold.  Everything happened as it did, except they did not see her.  The monitor, the valve, going out to get parts, all that happened.  Buckman almost stood up again but caught himself before doing so.  Instead, he kept adjusting his seating position.  To make matters worse, the chair had one short leg and kept rocking back and forth.
He took a deep breath and closed his eyes, hoping to find some calm and block out the thought that they were watching every move he made.  With a little effort, he was able to go back to the dart game with Jack, then the bus trip to the border, and finally, his family.  That was as far as he got when the door opened, and a man entered.
Good afternoon.  Sorry to keep you waiting, the man said.  Im Jaden, and I just need to talk to you for a few minutes.  Please.  Jaden motioned to one of the chairs in the center of the room.
Buckman moved over to the other chair, and Jaden pulled up the third one so that they were sitting a few feet from each other.
There isnt much to talk about, is there? Buckman asked.
There are always things that can be discussed in cases like this, Jaden said.  I understand you are scheduled for a hearing in a few days.  I talked to your counsel, and she said you agreed to plead guilty to being in the territory illegally.
We talked about it.  Who are you again? Buckman said.
Right.  I apologize.  Im a special examiner assigned to this case.  My purpose here is to be sure you are treated fairly and the facts are properly recorded.
Im not sure what that means.  I covered everything yesterday with Trilana.  Buckman knew that tricks of persuasion were often used by the police.  He was well aware that Jaden was not there for his well-being.
I understand your reluctance to talk to me.  Tell you what.  He tented his fingers for a moment.  Lets start with this.  I contacted your family, and they are understandably concerned.  Let me tell you they are all fine, though.
Buckman stared back at Jaden, and was still not sure.  Thanks.  Things will be tough for them while Im away.
Sure.  You know, my work takes me away from my wife and two daughters for months at a time.  Its difficult, but we have to do these things, Jaden said, a small smile coming across his face.  As if reading his mind, Jaden added, I know our situations are completely different.  I know what your living conditions are, and being locked away is nothing compared to what I do.
Thats right.  You dont know what its like.
I spoke with your partner...Marie, I think her name is? Jaden said.
Hearing him speak her name gave him pause.  Again, he might be lying, but Buckman had no way of knowing.  I dont want to bring her into this.
Hold on, Jaden said.  You have to agree you are concerned greatly about her.  A solid personal relationship is one of most satisfying things a person can have.  Wouldnt you agree?  Right?
Of course.  Of course we care deeply about each other.
I talked to her, and she explained how much they depend on you.  She mentioned they may have to move into an even more crowded home with three or four other families.  Jaden stopped for a moment.  Whats your extended family like?
Buckman did not know what all this meant, and to be truthful to himself, he had no idea what was going to happen to everyone.
Again, Jaden seemed to guess his thoughts.  Well, you dont need to go into details, but it would be hard to keep everyone together without a decent place to live.  I imagine they will have to break up the family to some extent.
The people living in their home were an entire range of ages and generations.  He had made it a point to keep them together as much as possible and this meant large, but crowded, living quarters.  His aunts and uncles would have to move into a group home.  The cousins...well, they would go back to living on the streets like they did before.  Marie would do the best she could, but it always came down to paying the rent, and if the money was not there, they would be forced to break up the family.
I talked to her personally.  She sounds like a strong person, but the concern was there.  A year of separation will be an extreme hardship.
Trilana said six months, Buckman said.
Could be as much as a year.  I know the laws.  If the judges are lenient and you are cooperative, it could be shorter.  Much shorter.  Jaden sat back in the chair and crossed his arms.  I could hear the stress in her voice.  She has seen the news reports and believes youre innocent.  Love, deep, honest love, is an emotion to be cherished.  Thats what she has for you.
Buckman knew what he was saying was true.  They were as in love as two people could be.  They depended on each other and were the pillars of the family.  Jaden must have talked to her.  Marie would have been very upfront with her feelings and thoughts, and she would have left Jaden with no doubt of her opinions.
Ive seen the pictures and visited prisons, Jaden said, standing up from the chair and moving around to lean against the wall.  A year in prison isnt easy.  I cant tell you what they will do, but youll come out a changed man.  Physical torture is forbidden, against the law, according to the courts, but being locked away will change you forever.
I know.  I wont be able to work over here again. Buckman said.
Maybe, but what I mean is that they can change a person.  Make them forget who they are and what they do.  The technology they have access to is astounding and very effective.  You wont even know its happening until its too late.  Jaden came back to the chair and sat down.  
Buckman had heard such things but had not actually known anyone who had gone through prison and reeducation.  Even though he was most worried about his time away and what that would do to his family, this had weighed on the back of his mind.  How do they do that?
Jaden spread his hands.  I dont know, but somehow they access the deepest parts of your memory and change things.  Erase parts.  Put new things in.  Centuries ago, they used to do what was a called a frontal lobotomy, where they surgically removed part of the brain.  A person might be debilitated, but they were still semi-functional.  With the reeducation techniques, they simply remove the mental patterns.  In many ways, the lobotomy is better, because the reeducation leaves a person fully in the present but having forgotten years of their life.
Buckman took a deep breathe.  That sounds like something a Straight would do.  Cruel but legal.
Clearly, Jaden said, you dont want this to happen.  So, heres the problem I have.  We both know how hard a year will be, but the other man, Charles, has been saying things that make this sound much worse for you.
What? Buckman said.  He remembered the last words he heard when Charles was being dragged down the passageway.  I cant believe that.
I was as surprised as you.  All along, we assumed he was the only one involved, our only suspect.  Once the reality of his situation sunk in, he started talking.
Had Charles told them more than they agreed to?  How could Buckman ever know?  He ran through what they talked about, and everything that happened.  Again he reminded himself:  other than finding her on the beam, tell everything like it happened.  No, he said.  Other than fixing the valve and dropping the monitor, we didnt see a thing.
The valve? Jaden asked.
The broken valve.  He talked about it; I know he did.  I helped him fix it.
Right, right, Jaden said, standing up and moving over to the wall again, looking down at Buckman.  What happened to it again?
Im not really sure.  It was busted wide open.  I dont work on those much, so theres not much I can tell you.  Something blew off or got taken off, Buckman said trying to not say too much.
Those are two different things.  Ones an accident, and the others intentional.  What makes you think it was intentional? Jaden asked, his voice getting quiet.
Sure, I know, but I dont know for sure, Buckman said.
Jaden returned to the chair.  Charles seems to think you know the difference.  He mentioned you had time to loosen them up before he got there.
The statement made no sense in any way, but before he could respond, Jaden again was one step ahead of him.  I know: why would he say that?  Theres no proof you did anything, but he said it anyway.  Why?  Why would he blame it on you?
The blur came back.  He thought he knew the truth, but he was getting confused.  I did not, he said, his voice rising.  I barely even know how it works.  I dont understand.
Understand what?
Buckman felt his hand tighten on the chair arms.  TheytheCharles knew the bolts werent stripped, I saw what he meant.  He knew they were backed out.  Somebody else did it.
Sounds like Charles knows how this was done.  He knows how to make this look like an accident, but he said you did it.
Buckman could not restrain himself any longer.  He stood up from the chair and started yelling.  He did not!  He didnt!  How many times do I have to say that?  Buckman heard a movement from behind the door, but Jaden held his hand up.
They stayed like that for several seconds, until Buckman began to calm down.  Okay, Jaden said.  Maybe I pushed that a little too far.
I wasnt there.  Check the records, Buckman said, sitting back down.  Jaden returned to his seat as well.
True.  I believe you, but I dont understand why Charles is saying what he is.  You have to admit, she was found right after you left.  How do you explain that?  This shows you at least were involved with the disposal of the body.  Jaden remained calm and still as he waited for an answer.
I cant.  I cant explain it.  We dont know.  I dropped that thing, Buckman said.  He was suddenly very tired from lack of sleep and worry.  He was drained.  The monitor.  I dropped it.  We fixed the valve.  That was it.
Jaden stood up again.  Thats enough for now.  We can talk later.  I want you to keep a couple of things in mind.  The first is that hes implicating you.  If what he is saying is true, youre looking at a much longer time locked away.  A long time away from your family.  Even the suspicion of your involvement will be difficult to refute.  The other is if he did it, or even if you think he did, and you help us, your time gets much, much shorter.  Its up to you.  Jaden left.  The room was very quiet.  A few minutes later, the guard came back in and took him to his cell.
20
Parren did not particularly enjoy the company of Celirnas father, Rogef.  The man was opinionated and forceful, but he had built a massive business empire on the shoulders of his ancestors by figuring out mining techniques in the outer colonies.  Rogef was traveling back from a tour of some of his interests when he was told of his daughters murder.  The news took a couple of days to reach him, and when he was in range, he had communicated back to Parren that he wanted to talk.  When Parren was still a teenager, he met Rogef and Celirna for the first time.  Their marriage had been arranged since their early childhood, and that was this first time they were together.  As he learned more about Rogef, Parren found him to be a ruthless businessman, difficult to read but dichotomous to the point of being strangely generous.  Rogef twisted laws and seemed bent on destroying his competitors, and he did so with regularity and without regret.  Contrary to this, he was a philanthropist of a magnitude not seen in centuries.  Much to Parrens horror, he built combined Straight and Bent learning centers at the borders, which encouraged the mingling of children from both sides.  Parren had been trying to find a way behind the scenes to close these centers down.  He had to be careful, though; Rogef was an incredibly perceptive man whom, though family, he did not in the least trust.  With this last thought, Parren had asked Gryman and Morgan to join him in the conference room to receive the communication from Rogef.
The camera did not cover the entire room, so Parren sat directly in front of it, while Gryman and Morgan sat out of sight on the side.  If asked, Parren would say he was alone.  With long-distance communication, there was always a risk of intercept, so Parren knew no sensitive information would be discussed.
They had a few minutes before the call started, and Parren wanted to get an update on Buckman and Charles.  The interrogation of both of them is going fairly well, Gryman said.  I brought in a specialist, rather than relying solely on the local staff.  The young man appears to be on the verge of telling us a different story.  We think we can get him to do it.  He has a number of weak areas we can take advantage of.  They decided to let him think for a few days before continuing.
What does that mean, think for a few days? Parren asked.
Hes in a cell where they control the lighting and the environmental conditions.  His bodily rhythms will be out of sync, making him more susceptible to questioning, Gryman explained.  This is all legal per statutes governing extra-Earth criminal proceedings.
And the other man, the loud one, Morgan added handing an information pad to Parren.  He has been involved with incidents for years.  I established a pattern of questionable conduct.  This has been released to the media and is now being spread throughout.
Parren looked over the information, reading quickly.  Charles had been arrested for disorderly conduct, destruction of property, transportation of illegal substances, the list went on.  My God, how did we ever allow him in?  He should have been arrested at the border.  What a disgrace.  Parren handed the pad back to Morgan, thinking this would be an easy case.  And the judges?
Weve had considerable influence, Gryman said.  This Charles fellow will be seen before two judges who have backing from your Council Superrum.  The other one is not named, though a majority is all thats required for conviction.
Good, Parren said.  The light on the console came on, indicating a signal being received.  Parren looked at both Morgan and Gryman, and they each backed their seats to the side of the room.  Parren pressed a button and entered an access code.  Within a few seconds, a dour image of Rogef appeared.  The conversation would be excruciatingly slow, with the sound and video compressed to cover the considerable distance.  Extraneous movements and long conversations tended to clog up the bandwidth and cause further delays.  The conversation have to be brief and to the point.
Parren, how are you?  This is a tragedy I can barely think about, Rogef said.  In person, Rogef had a deep sonorous voice that commanded attention, no doubt a holdover from his military training.  However, to speed communication, the high and low frequencies were removed, so his voice sounded thin and plain.  Even with this, Parren could tell his words were slow and measured, showing signs of great fatigue.
This has been a difficult few days.  I hope all is well, Parren said.  Traveling a great distance without the proper adjustments was difficult even for a young person.  Rogef must have been exhausted.
Thank you.  You know I loved my daughter as much as anything.  She was our only child.  Its a great loss, Rogef said.
I understand, Parren said.  Out of the corner of his eye, he could see the other two in the room.  Neither of them made a sound or even moved.  I believe the culprits have been apprehended.
I understand there were a couple of workers servicing the ship?  Rogef asked.  He put his hands together and tilted his head back slightly.  The image slowed for a second, and then came back.
Yes.  Both of them were.  One was placed at the scene at the time of her disappearance, Parren said.  They are being interrogated as we speak.
I understand one of them was an illegal? Rogef asked.
Yes.  The other has a long history of violence.  They both have the knowledge of how to have performed the act, Parren said.
There was a long pause, long enough to where Parren thought the transmission had stopped.  The control panel still signaled the communication was open, and then Parren saw Rogef move his hand.  Finally, he asked, How are they being treated?
Parren could see Gryman and Morgan look at each other.  He had to fight the tendency to look at them as well.  They are well.  All prisoners are treated in accordance with extra-Earth law.  Guilt must be established in an unbiased manner.
This is my family.  Its a tremendous tragedy, but there is to be no spectacle.  You and I both know these men must be tried fairly and honestly.  No witch hunts or exploitation.
Absolutely.  We have been cooperating with the authorities, helping where we can.  The media has, unfortunately, latched onto this.  Stopping them at this point would be impossible, I would say, Parren said.  Morgan had no doubt begun much of the turmoil, but with the fame of Celirna as fuel, the story had taken on a life of its own.
Rogef rubbed his eyes.  I prefer your associates not meddle in the proceedings.  That will only cause us problems.
Parren was aware this reference was to Morgan and Gryman.  Of course.
You will have to excuse me.  I cant talk very long.  I have to resume my rest.  My arrival is scheduled in a few days.  We can talk again then.
Please, pass my sincerest condolences to your family.  I have begun the plans for a memorial service.  This will be a private affair.  Parren had already contacted various family members.
Thank you, Rogef said.  Ill be seeing you soon.
Parren nodded and in a few moments, the screen went gray and faded to black.  When he was sure the signal was off, he stood up signaling he was leaving the room.
I have to question his remark about the treatment of these men, Morgan said.  How is he mentally?
The man is old but still exceedingly observant.  His comments were directed at the two of you as much as to me.  Somehow, he knew you were in here listening.  I dont know what to make of that remark.  Anyway, thank you for attending.
21
The three of them went separate ways after leaving the conference room.  Gryman was returning to Earth to catch up on other legal matters in the firm and Morgan was going on from the ship to take a short vacation.  Parren decided to walk back to his suite and enjoy the luxury of being alone.  Most of the passengers had already disembarked, so he saw very few people as he walked.
Rogef was going to be problem for Parren, though he felt he could outmaneuver him.  They had first met when Parren was still a teenager, when the families were together for him to meet Celirna.  As was often the custom, when an arranged union was proposed, the families would spend some time together to see how the relations would work.
Once again, Parren was in awe of the wisdom of the Generators.  They had written arranged marriages in the Book of Proofs as one of the covenants.  This was developed into a voting procedure between the families that had three steps:  Society Decision Review (SDR), Preliminary Decision Review (PDR) and Critical Decision Review (CDR), and finally the wedding or Primary Release Request (PRR).  When ready at each step, the prospective couple was presented to a review board and interviewed.  Suggestions for further schooling or training were recommended by the board and agreed to by the parents.  If acceptable after CDR, marriage was approved.  This process had been challenged in courts and had always been upheld.  All of the very high order families abided by this process, and to Parren, this proved the basis of the Generators intelligence and plan to preserve order.  As if divinely guided, the Arranged Marriage Covenant anticipated the problem of low birthrate by ensuring higher quality children.  Courtship was a risky, random, and wasteful endeavor.  With courtship, there was no control over inheriting a familys faulty genetics.  By arranging unions, the DNA line was preserved, and control was a natural result. 
Celirna was several years younger than he was.  Five years, three months and seven days, to be exact.  He remembered seeing her for the first time, when the family transport landed at the Rogef family grounds.  She was still a youngster, but her vivacity and beauty were immediately evident.  If it were possible to fall in love at first sight, this was it.  She was throwing a ball around in the yard with some cousins, her long blonde hair flying around each time she chased after it.  When the door opened upon landing, he heard her high-pitched laugh.  The procedure for SDR was followed a few hours later, but by then he knew this was to be.
Parren returned to the suite and went to the dresser, where there was a picture of the two of them taken on vacation about ten years before.  Her hair was darker in the picture (she had the annoying habit of changing the color often), but the smile was always as bright.  Celirna was one of those people who photographed well, a trait, along with her natural storytelling ability, that helped her in the philanthropic endeavors.
Parren put the picture back on the dresser, and went to his desk to continue work on further funding for Council Superrum.  However, his thoughts drifted back to meeting and learning more about Celirna.  Each review took place about every five years.  SDR and PDR went well, but CDR presented some problems.  Celirna was rumored to have taken a lover while at school, a fact that was obscure and difficult to ascertain.  There was an extended private review between her and the panel, the result of which she admitted to the fact but received a pardon.  Parren was allowed to read the transcripts, and it was clear she had managed to charm the members of the panel with her looks, verbal skill, and personality.
He accepted their ruling, as they were a wise congress of elders, and the marriage was allowed to continue.  Now as he sat considering the tasks before the Council Superrum, he knew he should have seen the problems ahead.  Celirnas wittiness could quickly turn into opinion and argumentation.  Rogef and Celirna began to express moderation in their politics and established several reconciliation types of organizations.  Celirna was put in charge of the Border Learning Centers.  Parren often tried to warn of the danger of being involved with such a futile effort, but she would never listen to reason.  He would quote her entire chapters of the Book of Proofs, but she would always refute the claims.  Reason went unheeded.  The cameras and news outlets were glad to follow a striking, talkative woman into the schools and even into Bent territories.  There were endless images of her surrounded by those vile Bent offspring, hundreds of them at once.  These were the video clips shown over and over since her disappearance.  Once, while she was away, he burned the clothes she had been wearing on one of those trips, though she had so many outfits she never noticed.
The com rang on his desk, but he ignored it, letting the other person, a business owner wanting to work out a donation, leave a message.  He wanted to answer the com but could not force the sensations from his mind.  Once more, he remembered how she looked and felt.  Her tight hips and even how she smelled.  She always wore a secret custom perfume that was developed at an extravagant cost.  At first, the perfume was intoxicatingly engaging.  Parren knew it was a specially formulated exotic pheromone added to help her persuade male counterparts.  Undoubtedly it worked, and he came to hate the smell.  He had often thought about that, how she manipulated his perceptions, and this was enough to drive him to distraction.  Amazing how her allure, at first full and often erotic, could later become an object of contempt.
Parren contacted the man who had called, and as he listened for the connection going through, he tried to drive the thoughts of her out of his mind.  He was only partially successful.
22
Buckman thought they would bring him in for questioning the next morning.  That morning came and went, or so he thought.  When they returned him to his cell, they served him a meal.  Then he had nothing to do but sit and wait.  The other cells were blocked off, and he was unable to talk to anyone else.  The guard who brought his meals was not interested in conversation.  Eventually he fell asleep, and he was just starting to dream about walking down the dusty street in his hometown when a steam line started to clank.  It was not loud, but about every ten seconds, it went off.  It stopped, and he fell asleep, only to have the line start up again.  As a plumber, he knew the lines were supposed to have automatic compensators to prevent any kind of imbalance.  After numerous tries, he gave up and sat on the bunk, with his mind feeling like a mental fog.
He stared at the wall and reviewed what had happened over the past few days.  The image of her rolling off the beam and looking up at him with those dead eyes was going to be with him for a long time.  At one point, he dozed off for a few moments, and dreamed of her sinking down and saying, he did it.  His head fell forward and he woke up.  He tore up some toilet paper and stuffed it in his ears.  This helped a little.
Sometime later, he was not sure how long, the guard came by with another tray of food.  It was exactly what was served to him previously; two pieces of dry bread, a meat and banana.  This breakfast? Buckman asked.
The guard shrugged.  If you say so.
After eating, Buckman sat on the floor with his back against the wall.  He leaned down and examined the springs and supports under the bunk.  He sat back up, and then leaned down again and counted them.  Twelve in one direction and ten in the other.  The pillow was thin, as was the blanket.  He pulled both of them off the bunk, sat on the pillow, and wrapped the blanket around himself.  This helped him doze off again, until he heard another prisoner walking by outside his cell door.  He got up to look but did not recognize the man.  His neck was killing him, as was his tailbone, from sitting on the floor.  Buckman tossed the bedding back onto the bunk and sat down again.
Over and over again he thought about what Charles was doing.  Buckman knew all the things they were trying, the pipe noise, lack of sleep, meals at odd times, were all planned to make him sit and think about what happened.  Each time he thought of this, he had to admit it was working.  They were trying to get a confession out of one of them, possibly get one to blame the other.  Buckman had to keep reminding himself that Charles would not do what they were implying.  Would he?  How well did he really know Charles?  He was from Northern, and except for a few times, they had not gotten together outside of work.  One of the few times they did, Charles had a fit because the Straight authorities had put a restriction on the sale of his favorite whiskey.  Charles bought a concoction from a man that was supposed to be whiskey, and when Buckman drank, it burned his throat.  The burn was worse each time he belched.  They could not drink enough even to get drunk, assuming it even was alcohol.  Charles thought the man was trying to poison them, and went back and smashed the bottle on the mans feet, breaking his toe.
What was Buckman going to say when they talked to him again?  Did he do it?  No.  What about Charles?  No.  Well, he could have, but Buckman knew him better.  Buckman would tell them what happened, except that part.  Charles would tell them the same thing.  That was what each of them had agreed to.  They would play the wait game, but he could sit there for a week and not change his mind.  If he changed his story, it would look funny.  Straights hated funny.
A guard showed up with another meal.  Buckman did not even ask which it was, since everything was the same as before.  He did not bother eating it.
How was his family?  They would be worried.  Were they hungry?  Marie and his father would be trying to figure out how to deal with his being away.  What they had was scarce, and as soon as his pay came in, she bought what they needed and hid it away from the other family members to keep food from being stolen and resold.  His cousins worked the streets, or more like the streets worked them.
Buckman tried to sleep and not dwell too long on any one thought.  A day, maybe two or three, later, they came for him in the cell.  He stank.  Aside from splashing water on his face, he had not showered since being locked away.  The clothes were the same, and they had started to itch.  His head itched.  They put handcuffs on him and walked him to what looked like the same room.  This time, when they sat him down, he made no effort to get up.
Buckman was doing his best to scratch the itchy mess of whiskers on his face when Jaden came in.
Looks like you havent been sleeping well, Jaden said.
You know whats going on.  Cut it out.  Buckman was not sure where this came from, but he was so tired and disoriented, he could not think of another response.
Jaden pulled one of the other chairs over to where Buckman was sitting.  How are you feeling today? he asked.
How long since we talked? Buckman asked.
Three and a half days, Jaden said, his voice quiet like the last time they were together.
You know.  Ive tried sleeping but cant.  I mean, they keep me waking up, Buckman said.  He knew his words were garbled, but could not put together the proper sentence.
I understand, Jaden said.  Why do suppose you cant sleep?
The noises, something, the lights arent right.  Each time I fall asleep, the noises start.  Buckman felt his head roll around on his shoulders as he spoke.  He could never remember ever being in such a deprived state.
Three days is a long time to think about what happened.  Jaden turned and looked back at the door.  Can you come in here?  The door opened and Trilana came in.
Trilana, Jaden said to her.  Help us out.  Explain to him what were talking about.
Buckman, this is very straightforward.  If you tell us exactly what happened, your sentence stays at one year.  If you dont and we learn you were more involved, who knows how long.  She lowered her voice and looked at him closely.  If you can help us find the killer, the judge can, if he chooses, drastically reduce your sentence.  There are appeals I can make to give you a clean record after time is served.  You can even apply for a legal ID stick.
Heres the problem, Jaden said.  The other man, Charles, is saying things that dont line up with what youve said.  You heard Trilana.  If what Charles says is true, youre looking at five years.
Buckman looked between the two of them, and was having difficulty keeping the numbers straight.  What does Charles say?  I mean what did he say?  I did it?
Were not sure.  He said you had time to do this, and the records show you did, Trilana said.
How could I?  I wasnt even there.  I can prove it.  He was.  He knows that, Buckman said.
So youre saying he was there during the time of the murder? Jaden said.
Yes.  No, I mean, he could have been there.  I mean, he went in the day before, but thats all I know.  We didnt do anything.  I know somebody else did.  I know it.  She was there.  We saw it, Buckman said.
Jaden sat back and brought his fingers together.  Interesting.  You need to tell us more than that.  Im having a very hard time understanding what happened.  Just start at the beginning, where you first went into the hold.  Tell us everything you saw.  Tell us how you can show you didnt do it, Jaden said.
Buckman took a deep breath and starting giving them as many details as he could.  The entire story came out in one long monotone.  Everything except finding her on the beam and pushing her in.  He felt an unstoppable urge to spill the entire story out.  Neither of the interviewers stopped him as he talked.  
When he finished, Buckman asked, Can I have a drink of water?
Sure, Jaden turned around for a moment and a man came in with a plastic cup of water.  Buckman drank it down without stopping.  Better?
His head seemed to be a little clearer, but the mental haze was still there.  His nerves were calmer, though and the light in the room softened a few degrees.
Jaden stood up from his chair and went over to the now familiar position of leaning against the wall.  Now, I know you have to feel relief over telling us the truth.  Lets get back to a key point.  You said you thought Charles figured out how this was done.
Hes the best.  He knows how everything in there works, Buckman said.
Absolutely, hes a very wise man, Jaden said.
Trilana broke in after having not said anything for many minutes.  Buckman almost forgot she was in the room.  Hold on.  Buckman, you were under the tank and didnt see anything?
Yes, Buckman said.
She turned back to Jaden.  He admits he was there, but that in no way indicates guilt in the murder.
We cant say that, Jaden replied in the same calm voice.
We absolutely can.  Those are the facts.  That is the official record.  He was right there.  But that does not make them murderers.  Also, keep in mind that if the murderer is not found, conviction as an accessory is very difficult, Trilana said.  To emphasize her point, she started bringing up the recorded evidence.
Agreed.  Lets get back to Charles, Jaden said.  Heres what I think could have happened.  I think Charles is right.  Whoever killed her brought her into the hold through the emergency airlock.  Its an entrance not many people know.  The outside entrance is in a small access way that very few people even know about.  Someone killed her, took her through the lock, and put her in the hold.
That was very close to what Charles had said.  Jaden had not added anything new.  I guess that would work, Buckman said.
We found footprints by that exit that matched Charless.  And there were glove prints on the door.  We dont have visual evidence, but we do have molecular detection of the boot and glove material at those locations.  Jaden came back to the chair and sat down.
Thats not possible, Buckman said.
Why not?  You yourself said he knows the hold better than anyone.  Hes way stronger than she was and could have overpowered her.  Maybe he had help, but he certainly could have been involved.  He could have waited on the other side of the entrance and brought her in.  Isnt that possible? Jaden said.
No, I cant believe that.  Anything is possible, though, Buckman thought.
How well do you know him really?  Did you know his father was killed in the Garlandan border war?  His brother is in jail on battery charges, not to mention his own activities.  He has harsh feeling towards Straights.  What do you think his opinion of Parren is?  Has he ever had any harsh words towards him?
Trilana jumped in again.  He doesnt have to answer that question.
Buckman did not want to answer it, but he looked around the room as he thought about it.  Charles was always open about his hate for the Straight society, and had voiced, loudly, his particular disgust of its leaders.  He could answer the question, but what was the point?  Everyone who knew Charles knew his opinions.
What you say in the next few minutes could change your life.  Jaden watched him carefully.  Remember what we said about the impact on your family.  A year away will be devastating.  So tell us.  How did he do it?
So many facts had been thrown at him that he could not straighten them out.  It would be so easy to tell them that, and be able to take care of his family and save them the hardship.  Maybe Charles did it.  Charles was in there the day before he was, and that made sense.  He had not heard about the glove and boot prints.  It was too much to figure out.  He was not able to think straight and only wanted have this over and go back to his bunk and collapse.  He thought of Marie, and wondered.  Charles was ornery, but that was all he was.  Marie was strength and would somehow manage no matter what happened.  I dont think he did it.
Theres a reward out for anyone who leads us to the killer, Jaden said.
Do I need to answer? Buckman asked Trilana.
Yes.  It makes a difference for you, she said.
Buckman rolled it around in his thoughts.  Maybe it was the fatigue, but he was having a difficult time remembering all that was said.  The only thing he could remember was the advice he had heard time and again.  I dont know.  I cant believe he would do such a thing.  Im not smart enough to figure it out.
All right, Jaden said.  He got up from the chair so fast it tilted slightly backwards.  He leaned forward until he was right in front of Buckman.  For the first time since they had been talking, Buckman saw real anger on his otherwise placid face. I tried to help you.  Enjoy your time in jail.
Buckman was escorted out of the room, leaving the other two behind.  If guards had not been guiding him, Buckman would not have been able to walk without running into the walls.  As soon as the cell door was locked behind him, he collapsed into the bunk and was asleep in a few seconds.  He slept without interruptions.
23
For Parren, the flight back to the estate gave him enough time to read the report from Gryman.  The interrogation of the young man had been fruitless.  In the end, he had to conclude the man probably did not know anything more than what he had said, but they had to try to get what they could.  For the older worker, the case was all but over.  The prints around the emergency door were damning evidence.  By his own confession, the man was all over that area.  The motive was there, embodied in the constant hate he portrayed, as was the method he used.  His legal representative had no control over what the man said.  He was constantly shouting, going between making sense and total fiction; his vitriol was enough to convict him.
Before leaving the Queen, he was involved with attending to Celirnas belongings.  Actually, he had not been able to bring himself personally to go through her items, instead having his assistant do it, and bring anything in question to him for decision.  All the clothes were destroyed.  Jewelry was shipped back, as were most of the personal items.  She had lived there for months and had used it as a temporary home for the past five or six years when the ship was on short runs.  He remembered the few times he visited onboard; her possessions were scattered all over the residence, a habit he found infuriating.  Order, he would say to her.  That is the only way.  He knew there were items still there when he left, and even more in storage.  His last instructions were to destroy all the clothes and ship everything else back to the estate.
The private transport would take him directly to a landing pad in the front yard.  As they departed the Queen, he gave an instruction to the pilot to divert from the flight plan and take a pass over Bent territory.  The man entered the change in and they left.  As they came out of reentry, even from the extreme altitude the demarcation line between Straight and Bent lands was clear.  The Straight side was green and lush, while the Bent side was brown.  They came in lower, and Parren pulled up a viewer.  The most striking differences were the buildings.  The Straights had large industrial areas with enormous buildings.  Residential areas were again set into rich green land or tucked into hills.  Lakes were abundant.  The Bent side, on the other hand, was sprawling chaos, with shacks, smog, and congestion.  There was open land, but it was harsh, and they had not been able to devise a way to use it properly.  Parren knew that if the wind was in the right direction, some of the cities on the Straight side received their pollution.
Unbelievable, Parren said.  
What is that, sir? the pilot said.
Parren had not realized he spoken aloud.  The living conditions.  Theyre deplorable.
Yes, alarming.  I dont know how they live with themselves, the pilot said.
Do you enjoy your life as a Straight? Parren asked, though he knew from the mans background that he did.  He just needed to hear him say it.
Very much.  Ive flown over this land for many years.  It always reminds me of how blessed I am.
I comprehend.  You are blessed.  In many ways, Parren looked back at the sprawl beneath him.  All the more reason for my exertions.  Its a trial in a way.  It must continue.
Would you like to see more? the pilot asked.
No, Parren said, taking a deep breath and one final view of the decrepitude.  Take me home.
The transport landed on the pad.  Attendants were lined up to greet him and carry his luggage to his room.  Parren went up to the third floor, to a private area where he could lie down for an hour or two to allow his body to adjust from the trip.  On the way, he passed by Celirnas private quarters.  He stood in the doorway for a moment before continuing back to his rooms.  After removing his shoes and jacket, he stretched out and closed his eyes, but could not fall asleep.
A private hall behind the walls joined his and Celirnas quarters.  He got up and went down the hall to her rooms, were he entered and sat on the bed.
Im going, she had said during of their many arguments.
The room was going to need to be totally refurbished.  The colors were bright and cheerful, with what she called whimsy.  There were figurines of dancers on the shelves and old paintings of clowns that she liked to collect.  Parren pressed his hand into the cover and mattress on the bed.  He looked at himself in the mirror.
Yes, he thought to himself, she was difficult and undisciplined.  Then again, she was alluring in ways he did not think possible.  The last time they were intimate was many months ago.  He knew it was in this bed.  Despite their many difficulties, in that regard, her intense passion for the carnal was indescribable.
However, this did not balance out the other, more serious rifts they constantly had.  He remembered that final argument before she left the last time.  They were in this room, and she was carrying things from her closets to the packing cases.
You understand we hire people to do these things for us, he had said as she moved about and picked up clothes and toiletries in a random order.
I really dont mind doing this myself.  Really, I dont mind, she said.  Then she added, Do you have people do everything for you?
I dont know what you mean? he said.
Never mind, she said, walking from her dresser to a suitcase with a handful of underwear.  She put them in without folding them.  Parren got up and started folding them for her.  Celirna took them out of his hands, tossed them into the case, and shut the lid.
So where are you going this time? he asked.
Im touring our border hospitals.  Tubar is the largest, and father funded a physical therapy wing that was just finished.  Then Im going to an orphanage in Northern.  Ill be on the ship after that for several months.  She continued packing as she talked, while also straightening out the figurines around the room.
Her movements made no sense whatsoever.  One moment she was placing shower items in a case.  The next were some bedclothes and then some formal wear.  She came out of the closet with an armful of shoes and divided them up between the different cases spread out around the room.  At least she kept the pairs together.  Socks went in a completely different location.
The easiest and most efficient way to pack is to start with items you wear on your feet and work your way up.  That way you know you havent forgotten anything.  I calculate this improves packing time by 37% with an accuracy of 97.5%.
Will you cut it out?  What the hell does a 97.5% accuracy rate mean anyway?
Well, he started.  When I performed a statistical analysis in school.
Stop, she said, tossing an armload of pants into the shoe case.  Why do you have to be like this?  I dont want to know your, your, method of making my life more efficient.
Then why did you ask? he said, confused as to why she would at first want to know, and then refuse to listen.  She responded by stomping back into a different closet.  Why do you have to be like this?  Why must you always be upset?
She came back with a pair of somewhat muddy boots.  You dont want me to do this, do you?  Its the visits.  They conflict with your lifes mission, right?  Its me and father in the territories.  Seeing pictures of me with them.  Ever see this in a picture? she asked pointing to the flowery-inked marking between her thumb and forefinger.
He did, and it disturbed him the most.  So many times, as if she were making a point of it, he had seen that hand and mark on the shoulder of some Bent child.  Yes, it does bother me.  Greatly.  When they were finally married, they discussed the design.  She had insisted on a rose with thorns.  He was aghast when she had it done and saw the design covered the entire web of skin, with the line of thorns encircling her thumb.  Most women were very discrete, but hers was always visible.
Do we have to argue about this all the time?  I dont believe these people are that much different from us.  I know what your studies say, but the difference is actually very small.  If you had spent time with them as I have, you would see this.  You would understand the capability of all of us.
Parren rarely became upset, but this was one thing that would do it, and though he knew she was manipulating him, he did not care.  Being compared to Bent was infuriating.  How can you possibly think that? he said, moving to the opposite side of the room.  What I do is advance the human race.  Every advancement in the last century has been a direct result of the strong will and order established after the terrible wars.  My family was integral to the formation of the resurrection of the human race.
Celirna lowered her head for a second and ruffled her hair.  Her lips were pulled across her face in a tight line, and then they relaxed.  Weve been over this.  I know at one time it made sense, but now we have to change.  He knew the argument was over.  He had to leave the room.  A few hours later, he saw the transport leave the yard, and that was the last sight of her.
He had been planning to give the order for months.  When he saw the craft disappear into the sky, he sent an anonymous, pre-scripted message.  As he sat there on her bed, the last place they had made love and the last place they had argued, he knew it was her final words that made his decision.  But now we have to change.
As he ran his hand over the cover, he remembered no matter how many times, presented in extreme logic, he was not able to convince her of her errors.  The constant warring and devastation had been too great to the point to putting the existence of civilization on the brink.  Hundreds of thousands killed each year.  Economies destroyed.  They had to do something.  Separation and control was the only way.  Populations were exhausted; all sides knew this was the only way.  It worked.  Centuries of relative peace.  The last hundred years had seen staggering advances, the likes of which mankind had never seen.  Everyone was better off, even the Bent population.  And she and her father were working diligently to dismantle all of it.
24
The next morning, Buckman was awakened by the loud clang of the electronic lock on the cell door.  The guard opened the door and came in with a tray of food.  Take your time.  Trials not til this afternoon.
This was a different guard from who had been in there before.  The guard started to leave before Buckman stopped him.  Oh, hey, whats happening to my friend?
The guard was very still for a couple of seconds.  Doesnt look good for him.  Im not a lawyer, but everything Ive read makes this worse for him.
They think he did it?  I know he didnt, Buckman said.  He was surprised the guard was even talking to him.
Hard to tell.  All I sees whats on the news.  Hes been in trouble before and they want to lock him up.  Theyll find a way, the guard said.  Buckman began eating, but the guard stayed.
Not fair, is it? Buckman said.
If they want to lock up somebody, they can figure out some way of doing it, the guard said.
Whatever had happened in the last few days must have changed his status.  Buckman decided that since they had let him sleep for a full night, his case had been settled and the odd interrogation would stop.  He had heard of worse being done, but not sleeping for three days was bad enough.  Buckman changed the subject.  Got any kids?
The guard smiled.  Sure.  He took out a portable view screen.  It was worn and clearly one that belonged to him, rather than the one for his official duties.  After a short search, he started flipping through some pictures on the screen.  This is my boy and girl.
Buckman saw a resemblance to the guard.  The two children looked bright and cheerful, with rusty colored hair and straight teeth.  A rather plain looking woman was kneeling beside them with her arm around their shoulders.  They look like good kids, he said.  The food he was eating was, for once, tasteful.
They are.  I found a good wife.  None of that arranged shit for me.  The man laughed for a moment.  I met the woman they set up for me.  We failed the reviews on purpose.  Best for both of us.
Buckman only had a vague notion of what the marriage arrangements were like.  For the lower orders, he had heard the required reviews were a formality only.  They were bound by law to do it, so they got it over with and officially recorded the results.  If youre both happy, thats what counts.
It really is.  Hey, I have to move on.  Im not supposed to say this, but I talked to Charles for a few moments.  He said to be careful today, keep your mouth shut as much as you can.
Thanks, Buckman said, though he guessed his fate was already decided.
The guard left and Buckman finished his breakfast.  The jail was quiet, and after he ate, he had a strange sense of inevitability and relief.  This was a problem he was not going to get out of, and his path was already set.  Trilana had been of little help other than describing the legal ramifications of what he was facing.  Not that he had expected much help.  Each time they met, she seemed more interested in reading her data pad to prepare for other cases she had.  She told him she was paid by the number of cases she worked.  The deal that Jaden tried to force out of him was something he was not even going to consider.  Now that he had a chance to think about what happened, he thought Jaden was probably lying about what Charles said.  A good nights sleep had helped see this more clearly, and he was glad he did nothing to incriminate Charles.
The cell door unlocked again and opened.  Reg stepped in, and at first Buckman was glad to see him.  One look at his drawn face told him that Reg was not doing well with this.
How you been? Reg asked.  He waved the guard away from the door.  The man left, but Buckman knew he was standing right outside.
Looks like youll need to hire replacements for us, Buckman said.  If it were possible, the limp look more pronounced.  Hows Charles?
I dont know.  They wont let visitors in.  Buckman suddenly knew this might be one of his only opportunities to tell the full story to someone he trusted.  Buckman went into all the details of what he and Charles did.  Reg knew all the timing was correct.  Buckman left out no small fact of everything they saw and did, down to seeing her roll off the beam and sinking into the Alkalinium.
Reg rubbed his knee.  Reg listened to the story and seemed to understand everything they had done.  Buckman guessed he had more on his mind than just this.
My job is on the line, he finally said.  Well, Im sure Ill be let go as soon as this tour is over.  Im part of the news as well as you two.  They split my life open for all to see.  I approved the hiring and so Im being held accountable to some extent.
Buckman had a sense that Reg came to see him as much for his own good as it was to lend support.  If I hadnt dropped the monitor, Id be on the lounge playing darts with Jack, and youd still have a job.
Reg stopped rubbing his knee.  Wait, back up.  You really think you recognized her?  Are you absolutely sure you know it was Celirna?
I see her face turn up to me ten times a day.  I go to sleep at night seeing her sink in.
Whoever killed her put her there to be found by you two.  If not, they wouldnt have put her on the beam, Reg said.
I dont think we were supposed to find her, but we did.  But she was there when we were.  When I saw the leak, I called Charles in.  I probably wouldnt have gone under there if it wasnt the monitor, Buckman said.
Except you found her and pushed her in, Reg said.  You havent seen the reports.  Theyre having problems identifying her.  They think its Parrens wife, but the decomposition is making it difficult to tell.
If Reg was right, Buckman had just put him into a dangerous position.  Assuming he believed Buckman, Reg was one of very few people who knew for certain this was Celirna in the hold.  Reg, listen.  Unless Charles has said something, were the only ones who know its her.
Whoever wanted her dead, Reg said, wanted her found.  In total.  If they had found her, they had a positive ID.  Now theres questions.  You two messed up their plans.
Puts me and Charles right there, Buckman said.  Whoever did this was still out there.  They were dangerous and clever, and the only reason Buckman knew what he knew as because of a random accident.  Keep it to yourself.
For now.  At some point, Ill have to tell the right person, but I dont know who that is.  If I say anything now, its too easy to make it worse for you two.
The door to the cell opened and the guard stepped in.  Visits over, he said.
Reg stood.  Anything you want me to pass along to your family?
Tell them I love them and to keep things together, he said.
For a moment, Regs faced eased.  I will.
The guard escorted Reg away.  Buckman realized he might never see Reg again.  He had always been a good, fair boss, and had taught him that not all Straights were full of hate and prejudice.  The two of them now shared a secret that connected them in some way.  Buckman had also come to understand that everything in the Straight society was not as regimented and accepted as he was led to believe.  There was a level of mistrust among them that he had always wondered about but for the first time knew existed.  It seemed frightfully obvious now that Straights were not uniformly satisfied with how restricted they were.  He thought back to Terrial in her tiny office on the train and now saw the daily boredom and misery she was forced to live with.  Her and many other Straights like her.  How could he have not seen this for so many years?
25
The guard returned a few hours later.  This time he did not bother with restraints.  The guard only had one hand on his arm and stun gun in the other.  They walked through the security center halls and entered a bare room that had twenty or so chairs along the walls.  Another door exited the room, opposite of where they came in.  There were a few other guards with prisoners waiting.  Occasionally a man would step in and a prisoner would follow him through the door.  Everyone then shifted down a seat.  After about an hour, Buckman was at the head of the line and the man came in. Next.
Buckman walked into the courtroom to find only a large view screen on the wall and a single chair.  Other than that, the walls and ceiling were an off-white color with no adornments.  The guard in the room pointed to the one chair in the middle of the floor in front of the screen.  Buckman sat in the chair and the guard moved to the back corner of the room.  The screen was on, but only the words Stand by for Transmission were shown.  
Buckman tried to collect his thoughts as he waited, stretching his back to relieve some tension.  It helped, but in the process, he scooted the chair back several inches, putting the feet outside a set of circles drawn on the floor.  Buckman looked at the guard, who motioned for him to move the chair back.  Sorry. He moved it back.
He tried to think of all that had been covered in the last few days, his conversations with Trilana and Jaden.  As far as he knew, he was only guilty for using an illegal identity.  If they tried to go further, he was not sure what to do.  He had been so tired during that second interrogation that he was having a difficult time thinking of what he had said.  As much as he could remember, he told them everything, except finding her on the beam and rolling her in.  The words on the screen began to fade away, and a few seconds later, a mans image appeared in the center.  A moment later, two more men, clearly at different locations, appeared on either side.
The man in the center spoke.  All accounted for?  The other two judges acknowledged their presence.  State your name please, he said to Buckman.
Buckman Carter.
The judge on the left spoke.  Do you understand the charges against you?
Not entirely, Buckman said.  After what had happened over the past few days, he wanted to be sure.
The judge in the center cleared his throat and picked up an information pad.  A moment later, the charges appeared on the screen as he read them.  Buckman Carter has been charged with possession of a forged identification.  This is a first offense and there are no prior records.  The judge punched a button on the desk in front of him.  Now do you understand?
Yes, sir.
The third judge now spoke.  Have you had the opportunity to speak with counsel?
Yes, I have.
She has approached us and recommended you plead guilty.  Is this what you intend?
Yes, sir.
The word Muted came on in red letters across the bottom of the screen.  The three judges began talking to each other.  After a few minutes, the red letters went away.  The judge in the center said, Weve agreed to accept the advice of your counsel and sentence you to one year of mental reconditioning in a secure facility.  Do you have any questions?
Mental reconditioning? Whats that?
Its a proven process to bring you back to being a model citizen.  Very effective and painless, the right judge said.
But what happens? Buckman asked.
The judge on the left bellowed, If you want to reopen this case, it will get much worse for you.  We know you were involved in a murder.  Do you plead guilty to the murder?
No, Buckman said.
Would you like us to throw this out and start a murder investigation?  Youre looking at five years.  Total mental deprogramming, the center judge added.
All I did was ask a question, Buckman said.
Youve had opportunities to ask, the left judge continued to bellow.  You are not in a position to argue your punishment.  Do you plead guilty?
Yes.  I apologize for my behavior, Buckman said, taken aback at the sudden reaction by the judge.
Noted, the center judge said.  This session is now closed.  Guard, please show him out.
The screen went gray, and the word Concluded appeared.  Within a span of those few minutes, Buckman was convicted.  The guard took him through the door they had entered, where he was taken back to the cell.  In the period of time he had been gone, someone had placed a small case of belongings on his bunk.  The guard closed the door behind him.  Buckman dug around in the case and found they had included the picture of Marie and his family.  He ran his fingers over the image, wondering if Reg had contacted them and thinking about what they were going to do over the next year.
26
Parren and Celirna stayed that night in a rented house a few miles from the border.  Celirna did not want to be seen arriving in a private craft because of the image this would present.  Parren also did not deem spending the night in Bent territory safe nor comfortable.  They argued about this latter point, but he compromised by renting a luxury home for the two nights to hold GoodShare meetings and taking a bus across the border.  They had spent the first evening in separate parts of the house, with Celirna hosting several of the staff from GoodShare and Parren attending to the Council business.  After Celirna finished entertaining the guests, she came to Parrens room.
She came in and wrapped her arms around his shoulders as he sat at the desk reviewing budgets for the next quarterly meeting.  Parren slowly shook his head.  The colognes she chose were always enthralling, and he knew she had freshened up right before she came in.  He felt a tingle spread down his spine.  Dear, she said quietly into his ear.  Im not sure I thanked you for coming along.  This means so much to me.
He took a deep breath, saved his work, put the computer on pause, and stayed enveloped in her essence and warmth.  I know it does.  Its important to both of us.
Celirna unbuttoned the top two buttons on his shirt, slid her hands down his chest, and stroked the smooth, hairless skin several times.  Parren felt it and stopped breathing for a second.  Celirna must have sensed the slight tensioning in his shoulders because she stopped and sat down on the floor next to his chair.  Why do you resist me? she asked.
This was a matter they had covered countless times, but he had always had to subvert the question.  The truth was he was enticed.  The truth was she was enthralling.  The truth was she was too much.  He had thought this through whenever she had asked.  Parren looked down at her sitting on the floor, shirt untucked and loose, in bare feet, chin resting on knees pulled up to her chest.  The truth was she was too much for him to control.  Or rather, he was afraid her sexuality would control him.  Afraid he would lose focus on his intentions.  It was the intoxication of her he feared.  Im afraid you will be disappointed again.  You know how we are.
Celirna straightened out her legs.  That really isnt as important as being together, spending time.  Intimacy is not about sex, its about closeness.  Being with each other.
Tomorrow.  Tomorrow night I know a small restaurant we can fly to.  Just us.  Well have dinner alone.  He smoothed her hair with his hand, running his fingers through the strands.
She crawled off the floor and walked over to the mirror in the room and looked at herself for a moment.  Celirna stared until her jaw relaxed and her mouth opened.  Rolling shoulders easily and with small tugs, she adjusted her clothes slightly, as if to make herself more comfortable in them.  She ran her hands around her thighs and rested them on her behind.  Celirna came back and kissed him on the side of the neck.  Goodnight, Parren.  Sleep well.  We have a busy day tomorrow, she said before hurrying away to her room.
27
Buckman was told it would be several days until he would be transported back to Earth and sent to prison.  In the meantime, he had nothing to do but stay in his cell and wait.  His first meal brought to him since returning from the trial was like the others be had eaten, except it seemed to be earlier than normal.  When the guard brought it in, he made a small tapping gesture with his hand on the tray.  Take your time, the guard said.  Eating slow is good for the digestion.
At first Buckman thought nothing of it, until he picked up the tray and felt it was slightly heavy.  He pulled the napkin aside and found a portable viewer.  Buckman quickly began eating and turned the viewer on.  Within moments, he found a report of what was happening with Charless trial.  Unlike what he had gone through, there was full coverage of the entire event.  Buckman sat back and listened as Gryman was being interviewed.
This is disturbing to say the least.  There have been conflicting sets of data from the same victim, Gryman said.
How can this be?  Is she or isnt she Parrens wife? an interviewer asked.
The DNA evidence can never be 100% accurate, as is seen every day.  This situation is actually worsened by the decomposition reaction that has happened.  Gryman continued to talk when another question was thrown to him.
Why are you not releasing that information?
Grymans face twisted up at the question.  Ive been working these kinds of cases longer than you have been alive.  Without positive identification, there can be no such conclusion.  As I was saying, they have only been able to establish 55% match, rather than a 99.967% required for a positive identification in a legal case.  I have personally enlisted the help of the leading experts.  They will need considerable more time to determine the exact lineage of this person and improve on that percentage.
Is anyone else missing on the ship?
Again, Grymans face contorted at the inquiry.  Now, how would I know?  I represent my client.
Where is he?
He has left the ship.  As everyone knows, he is not a man to discuss private matters in the public forum.  Whats important is that the man arrested be convicted.  Whether or not this was Celirna, a murder happened, and the guilty must be punished.  Gryman began to walk away; however, a throng of people continued to follow him.  Most were with the media, holding recorders and hurling more questions at him.
What makes you certain this man did this?
Buckman knew this was not going to end anytime soon and switched over to another channel, where a scientist was describing the effect of the Alkalinium on a decomposing body.  The graphics were gruesome, and the man obviously knew what he was talking about.  Buckman could only figure out a portion of what he was saying, but he guessed the material works by breaking down dead organic matter at the most basic molecular level.  The DNA molecule is disassembled rapidly, and identity is lost within hours.  There might be enough left in the remaining tissues to determine more, but he had his doubts and this would take considerable time.
He scanned through a few of the other channels, when the image of Charles ranting in the courtroom suddenly filled the small view screen.  His familiar voice was so loud over the broadcast he had to clamp his hand of the speaker.  Buckman fumbled for the volume control and turned it down.  Charles was standing on his chair, yelling at the three judges on the screen.
This is a ------ circus.  Maybe I should put on a ------hat on and do some ------cartwheels you ------ he yelled.  Half of what Charles was saying was being edited out, due to the choice words he used.  The attorney put his hand on Charless shoulder and tried to get him down from the chair.  Charles finally stopped yelling.
The center judge spoke up once Charles had settled down.  Any more outbursts, and he will be removed from the courtroom.  You must control your client, he said to the attorney.
Understood.  Please give us a moment.  The attorney muted the microphone and began talking to Charles.  Buckman knew Charles well enough to know when he was acting up on purpose.  Charles had a tendency to become red in the face when he was upset, but Buckman did not see this.  Waving his arms was something he had never seen him do before, leading Buckman to think he was playing to the camera.  For all he knew, the attorney had asked him to do this.  The two of them continued to talk in silence as Buckman was sure many others watched on.  Whatever they were talking about managed to calm Charles down.  He sat back down in his chair and put his hands in his lap.  The conversation with the judges continued.
Tell us the time needed to replace the valve.
Charles went into the details of what it took to remove and replace the various components of the valve.  He gave times of the actions, and to Buckmans estimate they were close enough.  The questioning went back and forth and around on this timeframe.  Charles, to his credit, answered each question precisely.  To Buckman, the judges appeared to be stuck on this time period when she was obviously in the hold, and they were working.
Forensics shows that the victim was in the area you were working at the same time, the right judge said.
There is no evidence to put them there at the same time, or to indicate they were knowledgeable of her presence, Charless attorney said.
You aint got ----, Charles said.
The judges muted their part of the conversation and conferred with each other for several minutes.  
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Gryman had returned to his office after another media attack out in the common area.  Until he left, he would make it a point to stay within the restricted areas and away from the reporters trying to pick up any useless information.  Once in the protected surroundings of the office he maintained in part of Parrens administrative office, he could think about the business at hand.  The trial was playing on the viewer, and his previous annoyances began to fade away as he took an interest in what was unfolding with Charless trial.  He had done what he could to put Charles and his lawyer at a disadvantage.  He had talked to all three Judges and investigated the lawyers background.  A quick background check had given him enough to threaten the lawyer with damaging personal information (there was always a scorned woman in the background).  There was a knock on the door, and Morgan came in.
Are you watching? Morgan asked when he came in.
Morgan sat down next to Gryman.  Gryman did not notice him, until he smelled curry, and realized he had missed lunch, whereas the portly Morgan had not.  The judge on the right is an idiot.
Friend of yours? Morgan asked
Gryman did not pick up the joke, but commented on the man anyway.  His name is Pendrig, and Ive had the...pleasure...of working with him in the past.  I tried to get him removed from this case, but they stuck him on this anyway.  Gryman did not add that he had done a check of Pendrig and was not able to find much other than poor grades in law school.  Over the past few decades, Gryman had built up a database of thousands of people he dealt with.  The database contained professional as well as personal information he could pull up if he needed to.  There were numerous channels he used to gather this information, and he had a habit of switching this around to lessen the number of people who knew what he was doing.  Gryman looked at Morgan, the publicist that Parren had hired.  He wondered what Parren would think of Morgans sexual dalliances.
Is he throwing the case to the defendant? Morgan asked.
Gryman listened some more before answering.  There are rights laws that can be interpreted in numerous ways.  What he is doing is taking a very direct interpretation.  The other two are largely quiet on the matter, but Pendrig thinks he is the center of the show.  Hes playing to the viewing public.  Gryman could tell where this was going to end up, since many of these cases relied on previous cases for guidance.  Rare is the judge who was bold enough to break new ground and jeopardize a career.
Charles was now standing on the chair yelling at the screens.  What the hell is he doing now? Morgan said.  They are like that.  Out of control most of the time.  Does he really think this helps him?
The sound was turned down, but Gryman could make out what Charles was saying.  Unfortunately, the answer to Morgans question was that it did help him.  Hes an uncouth lout, even for a Bent.  But we cant underestimate him.  Hes actually smarter than you think.  He turned the sound up slightly.
This is a setup.  She was put down there.  Now why the bleep do you think she would be?  The valve was messed up on purpose, and she was left there.  Look at the timing.  I know how fast that bleep works.  bleep, bleep, bleep it! Gryman turned the sound down again.
My god, Morgan said, apparently understanding the implications.
Exactly, Gryman said.  Gryman knew everything Charles was saying was true.  He did not know who actually carried out the murder, but he knew the timing Charles was talking about was accurate.  For all he knew, Charles did it, but there was no proof.  Gryman tried to think over his next moves, assuming Charles would be locked away for only a limited time.  Morgan would not know what he had done or what he was planning to do, so he would wait for him to leave before making any arrangements.
As they watched, Gryman began to imagine he would need to make sure the incarceration was as disruptive as possible.  He guessed that Charles would be charged as an accessory to the crime and maybe get two years.  That was plenty of time to reeducate him, but he had to make sure he was hidden away and treated as quickly as possible.  The reeducation techniques were thorough and well proven out.  At the extreme, a recipient retained only a smattering of what actually happened in their lives, and they struggled to hold those pieces together in any coherent form.  It took time and a skilled practitioner to make it work, however.
Morgan, Im afraid I have some pressing issues.  Do you mind if we take this up later?  He turned off the broadcast.  Though he was intensely interested, he knew what the outcome was going to be.
Morgan stood up.  Of course.  Im sure Ill be getting a call at any moment when this wraps up.  He left the office.  
As soon as the door closed, Gryman began going through his records.  There were specialists to contact and arrangements to be made.  Once there was a time when people could be physically punished in prisons, beaten, starved, whatever.  Gryman wished that were still possible by the law.  However, with the softness of so many leaders, new, less painful techniques were developed.  Still, with the superior human ingenuity of Straights, torture had become sterilized and law-abiding to the point where it no longer made people wince.  Simply wiping out peoples memories and leaving the body unharmed was deemed acceptable time and again in a court of law.  They used to call them frontal lobotomies many centuries before, but there were now other, hygienic ways of doing the same thing.  The reeducation techniques were the only tools available, but they were very effective.  In the hands of the right practitioner, Charles would be a drooling idiot in a few months.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Buckman continued to watch the trial throughout the day.  He had to admit, Charles was being very entertaining, and it seemed to be having an effect.  Any time a judge asked him a question that would lead him in some way to incriminate himself, he would bring them back.  Essentially, like the interrogations Buckman had been through, the questions all became a version of the same thing.  They seemed to be filling time, because a trial of that importance was scheduled to last a certain amount of time, in this case four hours.  
Buckman watched until the end.  Commentary was run in a split screen, with people guessing the probable outcome.  When the trial was over, the broadcast ended.  The three judges would return a verdict the next day.  When dinner came that evening, Buckman ate, but he kept the viewer.  He wanted to be that sure the same guard who brought it got it back.  The next morning, the guard brought his breakfast, and Buckman thanked him and gave the viewer back.  About an hour later, they came for him for his transport back to Earth.  
28
Buckman was loaded onto a rudimentary ship to take him back to Earth.  To his surprise, he was not alone in the hold.  There were six other people making the trip, and as everyone belted themselves in, there was an uneasy quiet amongst them.  Nobody looked at anyone else, and as the ship bounced away from the Queen, everyone stared at the wall or tried to sleep.  There was a guard in the hold who seemed more interested in the remote viewer he had rather than watching them.  It was just as well, since all the harnesses were remotely locked into place, and none of the prisoners could have escaped if they tried.
The ride smoothed out once they had accelerated to cruising speed.  The engines were powered back, and Earths gravity would take them the rest of the way in.  Buckman eventually fell asleep, and he awoke when the first wisps of atmosphere buffeted the ship.  The buffeting increased, and the ship shook and creaked until they had decelerated enough to come in for a landing.  From what little Buckman could see out of the tiny window, they were coming in over a large arctic area, with no discernible civilization.
The transport landed at a windswept security station, and the prisoners were split up into different awaiting carts.  Of the six prisoners brought back from the ship, one of them went with Buckman in the cart.  Once they were situated, the cart moved out, and the guard was once again engrossed in the remote view pad.
What are you in for? his fellow prisoner asked.
Illegal ID stick, Buckman said.
The other man laughed.  Certainly a devastation to humanity.
And yourself?  Buckman asked.
Some kind of tax problem, he said.  I guess they think if you live all the way across the galaxy, you have to still keep up with your taxes.  The guard looked up for a moment and was about to say something, but shook his head and went back to the view pad.  Hey, I heard Bents dont have to pay taxes.
Not really.  Well not too much anyway.  We dont make anything and dont have much to spend it on.  The prisoner did not react.  Buckman went ahead and asked him the thought he had on his mind as soon as he stepped onto the transport.  You have any idea what reeducation means?
The prisoner blinked a couple of times.  Dont know.  Im sure it wont be like college.  He looked at the guard.  Got any idea?
The guard looked up again.  Nope.
For the next two hours, they bumped along over the snow, ice, and rocks, not saying nothing else to each other.  The cart had windows, and Buckman could not see anything other than a frozen flat landscape as far as he could see.  There was still snow, though Buckman knew this was considered summer.  The heating in the back of the cart was barely adequate to keep up with the cold, and all three of them were slightly hunched over to conserve heat.  Buckman would have guessed it was well under -20C outside, judging by the location.  They bounced along until the road smoothed out and then ran along an enclosed tram line.  During the next two hours, only one tram came by.  The brief glimpse at the passengers showed they were much more comfortable than they were. 
The complex began to appear far off in the distance.  There was nothing else around.  Buckman had never seen such desolation except out in space.  The land was completely flat, with no trees, hills, river gullies, or anything from horizon to horizon.  Nothing but gray skies that blended seamlessly into the gray land.  The prison just started growing off in the distance at the end of the road.  As they continued, Buckman reminded himself that he had made peace with the fact that he would not see the outside world for the next year.  At first, he was concerned with this, but then he realized he had often spent six months away from home, working on various ships.  True, he had more freedom when working a job, but he had still been severely restricted in his movements.
However, as they passed through the outer fence, he thought security looked light.  The guard must have picked up on his thoughts.  You try to escape, youll be frozen stiff in an hour.  Nothin for 300 kilometers either direction.
From what Buckman could tell, the entire place looked like a collection of windowless buildings built to retain heat and hold back the cold.  There were no people or vehicles around that he could tell.  Despite the light-looking gate, he had the impression the guard was exaggerating only a little about what he would face if he were outside for any period of time.  The prison looked to be cut off from any outside contact.  Maybe he would get one visit every six months from his family, but the sense of isolation set in as soon as the gate closed behind the cart.
He would be spending the next year with people the Straights had deemed a deterrent to their controlled society.  Those were the terms one of the judges said when he heard the sentence.  There would be people like him and the other prisoner in the cart; people not trusted to conform to the conventions established.  That was how crimes were generally described.  Buckman could only imagine what they would be putting Charles in at one of the floating penitentiaries scattered around the solar system.  The idea of what reeducation was began to take shape.  Remove any remnant of what they were about and replace it with what the courts thought he needed.  Buckman felt this would conform to what Straights saw as an efficient punishment.  It would appear clean and orderly, and easy on peoples conscience.
The cart pulled into a building, and they were shown into a plain room, where they were sat down and lectured.  No fighting, no complaining, and efforts to escape would be punishable, though they were reminded again that escape was not really possible.  The message was clear.  Be quiet, serve your time, and leave.  The man giving the lecture referred to the guards and staff as organizers.  Nobody was guarding anyone else; instead, they were organizing the sentences.  The lecture continued for about an hour, though Buckman was not able to tell if there was anything useful communicated.  No questions were allowed.  The lead organizer finished talking and walked out of the room.  A group of organizers then escorted the new prisoners to their cells.
Buckmans cell appeared to be like hundreds of others he saw in the building he was in.  The door was solid metal that slid into the wall.  There was no lock, knob, or peephole anywhere in the surface.  There was a view screen on the outer wall that showed what was inside, and as Buckman passed the various other cells, these screens all showed men sitting or lying on a bunk.  He stepped into the room, and the door slid shut, leaving him in absolute silence.  The walls must have had some kind of insulation, because when he tapped them, the sound did not seem to go anywhere.  What he had was a tiny living space, about as wide as he was tall, and twice as long, very clean, and furnished with a bed, toilet and sink.  No mirror.  The walls, ceiling, and floor were stark high-gloss white.  The only light was coming from a fixture embedded in the ceiling.  The isolation was total and immediate.  Buckman had no possessions on him other than the prison-issued clothes.  He stretched out on the bed and began fully to understand what reeducation would involve.
A panic started to set in, which he was able quickly to push back.  Claustrophobia was never one of his problems; it was more the thought of sitting in a tiny cell for a year, not being able to hear anything other than your own voice, or seeing anything.  The lead organizer said there were three meals and three recesses a day, so he would not be locked up the full time.  Buckman felt his heart rate increase, so he closed his eyes and did his best to steady his breathing and think of something calm, anything: walking through a park, swimming.  After several minutes, his heart began to slow down to big, heavy beats, and he opened his eyes.  Embedded in the ceiling light was the small camera.  He stared at this and wondered who was, or how many were, staring back.
Buckman soon lost track of time and had no idea if he fell asleep or had been awake, but he heard a loud chunk at the door and guessed it had been unlocked.  The door slid open, and he stepped into the hall to see the other prisoners out with him as well.  A bell rang, and they began walking down the hall to an outside courtyard.  The small area must have had some kind of heat source, maybe in the ground, which kept it habitable.  The yard was small, with a few benches and couple of rubber balls.  The ground was gravel that looked as though it had been recently raked.  There were about thirty men in the courtyard.
He stood there a moment, when someone said, Hey, new guy, just going to walk out and not introduce yourself?
29
The bus ride took Parren, Celirna, and the GoodShare board to the border crossing where they had prearranged clearance.  They drove down a restricted lane, passing dozens of other people on foot waiting to cross.  Transports normally ran to the border from both sides but were not allowed passage.  Typically, everyone had to disembark and cross on foot, except Parren had worked through diplomatic channels ahead of time to arrange from them to be driven across, much like a cargo truck would have to do.  As they waited for the credentials to be approved, everyone on the bus stopped talking and looked at the long lines of people, most of them laborers either coming home or going to work.  
Celirna, who had been sitting in the back with the rest of her group, then came up to the front and sat next to Parren.  Since the two of them were sponsoring the trip, they needed to step off the bus for a moment to verify the documents were correct.  They handed the official their identity sticks, which were scanned and returned.  As they were standing in the guard shack, waiting for everything to be approved, Parren took a moment to look a few feet away at the line of people moving through.
They are dusty, he said.
Celirna glanced in the same direction.  Theyre desperate, she replied.
Everything was approved, and they boarded the bus and continued.  An hour later, they were at the hospital being greeted by the chief surgeon, Plymer.  
Parren and the GoodShare group were ushered into an unadorned conference room, where Plymer introduced the staff.  He then started a presentation about the collaboration between the hospital and GoodShare, and the benefits they had seen.  As he went through pictures of shiny but used donated equipment, interspersed with smiling childrens faces, Parren was reviewing the background on Plymer.
A few weeks earlier, he had asked Gryman to gather information on the people he would be visiting, particularly Plymer.  With some grudging respect, Parren had to admit the man had made something of himself after a difficult start.  He had been born into a Straight family but was surrendered at birth because of his Bent identity.  Once he had come out of the orphanage, he worked his way through college and med school.  Commendable.  The rest of the staff were run of the mill above average Bents.  The presentation ended, and they started on a tour.
This is one of our labs for performing body scans, Plymer said, opening a door into a room full of controls and screens.  Inside the examination room, a man was lying on a bed as a detection arm was robotically running over his body.  An image came up on the screen, and the operator intently viewed the mans intestinal system.  This man had been claiming of abdominal pain for some weeks.  With the help of the equipment, we can examine him in about an hour and provide a prognosis the next day.
Parren moved to the side as Plymer continued to talk.  There was an identification plate on the controller, and the date of manufacture was twenty years before.  He knew this kind of exam could now be done in seconds with an immediate diagnosis and treatment downloaded to the persons medical guidance procedures.  This is very old technology, he said.
Plymer put his hands together.  Yes it is.  However, with the help of GoodShare, its been refurbished with the latest software.  Mechanical repairs were done as well.  The processing time for this machine is about a fifth of what it was when first produced.  It cost us a tenth of the cost of a new machine.
How many of these do you have here? Parren asked.
We have three total.  The other two are in adjacent exam rooms, Plymer said.
I thought five were delivered to this facility, Parren said, noticing the wear to the finish on the equipment cabinets.  These electronics boxes had seen years of heavy use.
Plymer put his hands in his pockets and furrowed his brow for a moment.  Well, I certainly wish we had five here, he said.  The rest of the group laughed at the light joke.  Plymer ushered them out of the room, and into a recovery area, where more of the donated equipment was being used:  monitors, crash carts, computer servers with medical charts.  We still used paper up until fifteen years ago, Plymer said.  Nurses and doctors went about their business as they meandered through.  The group followed Plymer as he talked and pointed out features of the hospital.
Parren began to hang back until he found himself apart from the rest of the tour.  He when into a restroom for a moment and came out to find the group had moved on.  Years ago, he had spent a few semesters at college in Pre-Med, thinking he wanted to enter the profession.  His short exposure to medical work cured him of that desire, but he had learned enough to know his way around a hospital.
Parren thought there was a reason the tour was keeping to two floors in one building.  He went down to the ground floor and walked through a passage to an adjoining building, where he came out into a hallway.  Unlike the brightly painted facility he had come from, this one had poor lighting and drab brown colors.  The people moving from room to room ignored him.  There was an unrelenting smell of over-applied cleaner fluids.  What other smell or contamination were they trying to contain?
He knew not to go into the examination rooms, but he did step into one of the recovery areas.  At first, he thought he was in the wrong building.  The room was big, with at least fifty men and women; some were in beds with IVs attached, while others were sitting in chairs reading magazines or books.  The beds were simple metal frames, each placed within three meters from the next.  A data com was attached to the bed frame.  Parren glanced at a few as he walked through, knowing he was dressed well enough to pass as an interested doctor.  He nodded and kindly read some of the diagnoses.  Tuberculosis, Hodgkins, Dysentery, Influenza.  He was puzzled.  Though some of the illnesses he saw were serious, they had long since been easily curable with a few treatments.  Rarely did anyone need hospitalization, and certainly nobody got to the state some of these people were in.
Parren quickly went to another floor, where he was able to peer through the windows of some of the labs.  There he did not see any of the equipment shown earlier.  Almost none of it was automated, much of it decades old or rudimentary even for a first year pre-med student.  He had been away for about half an hour, so he called Celirna.  Dear, I appear to have become lost.  I visited a restroom and the group had progressed out of sight.
Oh, she said.  Were in the east wing of the third floor.  Same building.
Parren turned around to catch up with them, but as he walked, he pulled up the itemized list of equipment that had been sent to this location.  The model for the examiner he had seen earlier was listed, but in fact, six had been delivered.  The list was long, and he was puzzled.  He stopped when he started looking at the quantities of some of the smaller items.  There were five hundred refurbished personal monitors listed.  These were standard small units assigned to each patient when they came in.  Plymer said earlier that they had room for about six hundred beds, but he saw very few of the monitors being used.  Parren shoved the com back into his pocket and caught up with Celirna and the rest of the tour.
30
Parren was in his private office, well buried in the mansion he and Celirna had called home all the time they were together.  Even before her death, though, Celirna had long since become an occasional visitor.  As was usual after a trip back, he needed a day to catch up with all his messages and make plans.  The morning had been a series of meetings with his staff and review of his multitude of business investments.  It was now the afternoon, and he came out to the anteroom of the office, where Morgan was seated on a large leather couch, watching a news broadcast.
Are you surprised at the outcome? Parren asked.  The broadcast was covering the results of Charless trial.  Unlike Buckmans, which was over before it began, this one lasted an unheard-of eight hours.  Then there was a full day to reach a verdict.
It took an eternity for them to convict him.  I dont know what the judges were thinking.  Morgan continued to watch the reports.
Parren changed the channel to another analysis, where they were going into all aspects of the event, from Celirnas background a Charless various run-ins with the law.  They were talking to people who made no sense at all but offered a viewpoint nonetheless.
Interesting, Parren said.  He recognized information Morgan had managed to leak to the media that, along with Grymans help, turned into all kinds of side investigations and negative information on Charles in particular and Bents in general.  Are you surprised he was given two years?
No.  But I think he deserved more, Morgan said.  Parren eased himself into another leather chair where they both could see the screen.  The man is a hazard and a disgrace.  He admitted to being in the scene where she was.  Oh, Im sorry.  Morgan said, looking back at the screen.
Parren raised his hand.  Apology not needed.  That was what he had done.  He was there but still claimed his innocence.  Caught in the act as it were.  His behavior.  Totally out of control.  They watched some more scenes of Charles in the trial.  Standing on his chair, pounding the floor with his hand, crying huge tears.  I think anyone watching this would understand my efforts are not in vain.  These are exhibitions we will use for our benefit.  He deserves everything he receives, and his behavior will paradoxically encourage even more support for continued separation.
The Generators were truly divine in their wisdom.  Their theories prove themselves over and over again, Morgan said.
Parren had brought a folder with him.  They were visionaries in the purest sense.  Parren placed the folder on the small table in front of them, and reflected on the history of the separation.  Morgan eyed the folder but did not move.  Parren turned off the sound on the broadcast.  The room became silent, as he liked it best.  Its poetic justice how she came to support our cause in such a way.
His cause was just.  Parren went deep inside his conscience for a moment.  He had been doing this more of the last few years and repeatedly found an antagonism that drove his very being.  If he were to bare his soul to do what he really wished, he would wipe out every Bent on the planet.  He came back out of his reflection and handed Morgan the folder.  
Whats this? Morgan asked.  The only reason for paper records, especially hand written ones, was for extreme confidentiality.
Read it.  Gryman and I have tried to keep this out of the public as long as we could.  By law, it has to be released ten days after the convictions are final.
Morgan held the plain brown folder in his hands for a moment before placing it on his lap and pulling five sheets of paper out.  He began to leaf through them but then stopped and went back through them again, and then another time.  I dont understand.
What does it say?
Im not versed in medical matters, so there must be a mistake, Morgan said, still reading the report.
We both know enough.  There were reviewed and approved by experts in the field.  What does it say?
Celirna was a Bent.  This must be a mistake.  As if on cue, a picture of Celirna appeared on one of the screens.  Parren turned the sound back up.
I love spending time with these children at the schools, she said.  Shown on the screen was previous news footage of her visiting a border school she had helped set up that allowed Straight and Bent children to interact.  She was standing in a doorway with her arms around two kids, on one either side.  Her smile was fetching.  Parren could not look away while the camera played on her face and a breeze blew her blonde hair around.  This is the best outcome I could have imagined from all the hard work we put into this.  A school administrator, a Bent educator, came over to her side as well.  Parren turned the screen off all together.
But how? Morgan asked.
There are people in our society who do not possess the proper belief system.  If they are smart and devious enough, and have the resources, they can fool the results, Parren said.  Celirnas father had built a massive fortune in the mining business, exploiting the rights to explore and excavate on distant planetary bodies.  She had the means to afford and maintain this charade.
I thought her identity was in doubt due to her condition, Morgan said.
They had to rely on extensive and expensive chemical examination.  Only a few facilities have the capability to do this, but I insisted.  Even still, if you will notice, the certainty is only up to 73%.  Morgan picked the folder up again and confirmed what Parren had said.  They are always conservative in their estimates, but Im certain it is true.
Morgan put the folder back on the table and stared at the empty screens.  The office and anteroom were deep in Parrens residence and only a select few had ever been allowed to visit.  Only a handful of people had been given this level of trust.  Morgan was one of those few.  Clearly, Morgan began.  These people are so deviant that they will stop at nothing, even to the point of working into the highest levels of our culture.
I was completely fooled.  Parren stood and walked over to the bank of screens and faced them with his hands behind his back.  He turned around.  If this could happen to me, imagine the consequences.
Bents could be throughout our government, police force, anywhere.  People will understand the danger.  They will understand how everything they have lived and wished for is in peril.
Exactly.
Undoubtedly, there are powerful forces at work.  Bents could destroy this nation.  I honestly think they are a bigger threat than any terrorist we have ever faced.  They are terrorists.  If left unchecked, this could drive us back to the times of endless war and killing.  Parren had books on his shelf and pulled down a collective history of the how the Generators came to be, The Rationale of Genetics.  He put the book back.
Lets get to work, Parren said.  They went over a number of ideas that Morgan could work on and prepare for ahead of the coroners report release.  Throughout that afternoon and into the early evening, they worked various strategies of what would be given to the public.  At some point, Parren would need to perform a public address, at which time he would express shock and dismay.  They drew up a list of people they could pull to their side and others whom they would be suspect.  Added to the list was Celirnas family and especially her father.  Swaying public opinion required a deft and agile touch, something Morgan was capable of.  Rogef would be another matter and would require further planning.  Parren decided to keep that action to himself.
31
Buckman looked around and saw a group of three men sitting on a small set of bleachers.  The one who called to him was waving him over.  Buckman walked over, and as he did, the man who spoke stood up.
Hey, new guy, whats your name? he asked.  The man was completely bald, not a hair anywhere on his head besides his eyebrows, which, contrasting his light skin, were thick and black.  As Buckman approached, the bald man ran his hand over his head, seemed to find a tiny hair, and then pulled it out.
Buckman, Buckman said
Buckman, eh?  Im Durel.  This is Niveo and Aveno.
Good to meet you, Buckman said.
Good to meet you.  What the hell does that mean? Durel said while searching for another hair but not finding it.  He smiled.  Were in prison, son.  They all laughed.
Where you from? Buckman asked.
Does it matter?  Straight, Bent, whatever.  Youll learn no one in here gives a shit what you are or where youre from.  Do your time and get out.  Im a Straight if you give a damn, and youre a Bent.
Right, Buckman said.
See?  We got that over with and it didnt make a craps worth of difference, Niveo said, before wandering off.  Aveno followed him.
Durel watched them for a moment.  Whatd they get you for?  Farting in Public?  Everyone knows all them Bents coming over here and farting up the place, Durel said with a straight face.  Then he broke into a cackling laugh and searched for another hair.
No, nothing like that.  Fake Stick, Buckman said.
Durel studied Buckmans face.  I dont really believe that, but it dont matter, I guess.  You can tell me some other time.
Yourself? Buckman asked.
Durel shifted around and leaned against the bleacher.  Well, I dont know.  I never hurt no one.
Buckman wondered if he had over stepped some sort of prison rule.  He tried to change the subject.  Whatd you do for a living?
I never saw the point, really.  Breaking your neck so someone else gets all your money, tells you who to screw.  Why do that?  Durel paused again, long enough to make Buckman start to feel uncomfortable.  He searched for another hair.  Actually, I was, still am, a bookie.
A bookie? Buckman said.  Thats illegal.
Durel looked back at Buckman.  Prison makes you a genius, I see.  Im in prison because Im a bookie.  Dont Bents have bookies?
Sure, I mean, Buckman started to say.  Where he was from gambling was legal, and being a bookie, especially a good one, was a way to earn some real money.  Many of the bookies were even Straights operating in Bent territory.  However, he had no idea a Straight could go to jail for it.  That was assuming Durel was telling the truth.
Come on.  Bents love to bet.  They were my best customers.  Thats what you fart blowers live for over there.
Sure we gamble.  Darts, horses, animal fights.  Anything.  Buckman had been to so many events where money changed hands it was just part of their life.  He did seem to have much more self-control than most others he knew.
Darts, sure.  I could run a dart game like you wouldnt believe.  I could keep all the side bets in my head and run the odds.  A good evenings work would set me up for a month.  Durels eyes lit up when he said it.
Darts my game, Buckman said.
Durel came around in front of Buckman.  Hey listen, we dont have Darts, but we play something like it.  See them over there, thats what theyre doing.
Buckman looked where he was pointing and saw five men watching another one toss rocks into a grid drawn in the gravel.  What do we have to bet?
Anything.  Buttons, food, Durel said.
Buckman watched the game for a second.  I really dont have anything to bet.  I never really put that much on the line.
Aw, never mind, Durel said.  He searched for another hair.  Well talk later.
What do we do out here? Buckman asked.  As he looked around, a few were jogging around, and some were standing in one place, squinting at the bright sunlight.  Others seemed to be engaged in games of some sort.  Then he noticed another group simply sitting on a set of bleachers at the far end.  Their heads were down, but Buckman could see bruising or maybe some other kind of damage around their foreheads.  What happened to them?
Durel glanced up for a moment.  How long you been in your cell?
A few hours,
Find anything to do? he asked.
I can barely turn around in there.  Nothing to read or look at.  Buckman had only a small amount of time to adjust to his surroundings.
A person goes nuts in here.  Stare at a wall for months on end, and you lose it.  At least banging your head against the wall gives you a blood stain to play with.
It was then that he noticed other injuries.  There were bandaged hands and feet, not to mention bruises on heads and arms.
These shits dig into your head.  Cant do that without some side effects.  For whatever reason, a person starts to punish themselves.  Thats when the drugs start.  They have to keep you calm to stop you from hurting yourself.  Pretty slick, if you ask me.  They never lay a hand on you.  You do it all yourself.
Impossible, Buckman said, trying to understand how this could actually happen.  The truth was right there, though, assuming what Durel said was true.
Thats the real punishment.  Its fast.  Thats how they solved prison overcrowding.  Have the inmates voluntarily bash their own heads in.  Forced Depravation, FD, thats what its called.  No sound, nothing.  Drug em up, then the bastards put their own god-damned thoughts in your head and, well, Durel said, as he reflexively searched for another hair.
Come on, how can that be?  Get into your thoughts and change them?  Buckman said.  He was still skeptical that anyone could do such a thing without surgery.
Because they can.  Hell, Ive been here for a month and I already forgot what pussy feels like, Durel said, with no sign of humor.  They make you forget everything, or at least shove it all to one side.
Durel kicked his foot on the gravel and began to wander off.  I wasnt bald when I came in here.  You want in on that game, let me know.
Buckman watched him for a moment and then went over to the game being played.  He overheard one of the players refer to the game simply as Stones.  A considerable crowd had gathered, and as near as he could tell, the game was down to two players.  Buckman came to the conclusion the game had fairly simple rules and had to do with tossing one stone into the grid as a marker.  The lead player would toss the marker and then toss a second stone to see how close he could get.  The second player would then toss a stone.  Whoever was closest to the marker was the winner of that square and won the points.  The furthest away squares on the grid must have been worth more points.  He was starting to figure out how the points worked, when a short blast sounded, and the players began to break up.  They erased the grid and spread the gravel around to make it look like nothing had occurred.  The organizers brought rakes, and everyone smoothed out the gravel in the yard.
The group started to file towards the door, except a few of the men with the bruises to their heads.  Two organizers came over to them and pulled out their stun sticks.  The men slowly stood and wandered over to the door, staying away from the others.
32
Three days after Morgan left, the news of her examinations were released and swept its way through the media.  Parren had asked Gryman to come by his office and discuss how they would deal with the expected onslaught they would be hit with and what actions they could take.  Parren knew the results of the examination left many things in doubt.  The two overarching points of discussion and argument were whether this really was Celirna, and whether the woman found was a Bent.  The statistics made the determination difficult and fed the debate over her identity.  A 73% certainty left many questions unanswered and left him with plenty of room for manipulation.  That was why he needed Gryman.  Parren was fine with letting arguments rage on, and they could work on adding fuel to the fire.
When Gryman came into his office, he was the first one to fire off a question.  What happened, Parren? Gryman asked.
Im not sure what you mean, Parren said, though he had an inkling it had to do with how he could have a relationship with a Bent woman.  Grymans hate for Bents was well known.
How did you get fooled?  Celirna was a Bent, Gryman said.  Parren thought Gryman was the perfect lawyer:  pugilistic, repugnant, mean, ugly to look at, and very smart.  He had one dark eyebrow that made a severe streak across the top of deep-set eyes.
You read the reports.  73% is not legally binding.  There is plenty of room for misjudgment and mischaracterization, Parren said.
Nonsense, Gryman said, wrapping his hands around his knees and leaning back in the couch.  Parren had a hot cup of tea brought in for Gryman.  Gryman ignored the offer and left the cup on the table beside him.  Celirna has disappeared, and a body was found in that hold.  Theres a much better than average chance it was her, and thats what people will think.
Do you abhor Bents? Parren asked.
If I could turn that entire race into groveling slaves, I would do it, Gryman said without a moments thought.
Parren was not sure if Gryman knew he was the one who had initially made the request she be eliminated.  He did, however, know that Gryman was the one who had planned it out or at least set the plan in motion.  That was how Parren had started it.  Parren funneled an anonymous request and evidence to Gryman, saying Celirna was a Bent and had worked her way into the highest levels of Straight society.  One of the most dependable and complete ways to get action from a person is to access their deepest hate.  Parren knew Gryman would take the irrefutable information fed to him and carry out the request.  And he did, spectacularly.  Parren also kept in mind that the exclusive knowledge he had of Grymans involvement gave him a powerful advantage.  But that was for a later time, if he needed it.
As do I.  I detest them as well, Parren said, walking over to the window face the lake.  His lake.  However, I cant really describe it.  The allure.  It was blinding.
Gryman cleared his throat.  Its one of their most insidious traits.  Ive seen the damage they can do.  This, this, physical tendency is one of their most powerful weapons.  Can you imagine the danger?  It will eat away at everything the Generators had so carefully planned.
See how it worked on me, of all people, Parren said, turning back around.  I dont know if there is some kind of organized effort to use this advantage, but this incident could clearly give them ideas.
Gryman seemed lost in thought at the last comment.  Its doubtful they have the structure and intelligence to accomplish an orchestrated subversion, but the implications are clear.  Im sure there are others who have worked their way into positions of influence.
Parren sat down at his desk.  He pulled open a drawer where he kept a picture of her.  He pulled it out and set it on his desk.  The image was taken during a happenstance moment about eight years ago at a party they were attending.  Her smile was illuminating.  You have to admit, she was stunning.
Parren looked over at Gryman and saw the unruly eyebrows close together a degree.  The man was struggling with his honesty because Parren knew what he said was the truth.  He needed to hear him agree, though.  It was apparent to all who met her.  She used this to her full advantage, which is admirable in a way.  Gryman drank about half of the plain hot tea in one gulp.  Clearly, you miss her.  You still have feelings you need to deal with.
He took a deep breath and put the picture back in the drawer.  Its a private matter.  Very private.  But yes.  One cannot lose a spouse and be left without feelings of displacement.  Even if she did manage to deceive me.  Youre married, correct?
Yes.  We both faithfully followed the process and have seen the expected results, Gryman said.
Parren knew what that meant.  He toyed with a pen on his desk.  One of the few he had, which he used to make handwritten notes rather than use a view pad.  The solitude and secrecy of writing on paper had a strange fascination for him.  Gryman, you may not understand the passion involved with our relationship.  He suddenly felt he had said too much.
Personally, that aspect of life holds little interest to me.  It gets in the way of clear thought processes and occupies time that is better spent elsewhere.  However, if I may advance the subject, your affection for her is admirable.  Your confusion of the relationship and her manner of coercion will fuel the debate.  I would advise you not to make this a secret.
Why is that? Parren asked.
That is the reason this kind of problem is so dangerous.  That is the message.  You yourself know how disruptive base human emotions can be.  Gryman finished the last of the tea in another audible gulp.  
Parren doubted if the man even tasted what went through his mouth.  That tea was very expensive and rare, being a blend of leaves from disparate parts of the world.  Obviously, he said.  Lets get to work.  We need to decide how we present our belief this was actually her.  With that, he set aside any emotion he had for her and began to describe the plan he had laid out for how to deal with this.
I disagree with part of that, Gryman said.  We have to stay with the science, the data.  Anything else is assumption unsupported by the facts.  There is doubt supported by the mathematics, but we use that doubt to keep this question alive.
Parren saw the advantage in this approach but had his reservations.  I dont like the uncertainty.  Ive never been one for partial measures, so being indecisive on such a grave matter will be seen as a departure from my normal reaction.
But listen to what I am saying.  We can work this both ways.  Lets be blunt here.  She took advantage of you.  If she had been caught, she could have been stripped of all standing and any of her wealth, possibly incarcerated.  It is that serious of a matter.  If you believe it was her, and I think you do, that plays into everything you want to achieve.  However, the danger is that you could be seen as complicit in her deception.
Parren saw where he was going and appreciated the idea.  But other people can keep the doubt alive and keep the matter in the news for months, if not years.  This way he would not be presenting a false face to the public.  The conflict would be there, them being married, but being tricked.  Her being a member of a prominent family.  How does her family play into this?  Her father will be pulled in and we have always had an adversarial relationship.
Rogef will undoubtedly defend himself.  His greatest asset and liability is his pride, Gryman said.  He pulled out a data pad and came to a short biography of Rogef.  He linked it to one of the view screens in the office, and pointed out some facts.  Look, he built a tremendous business but has repeatedly been sued, and lost, for his trade practices, property violations, labor abuses, an endless list.  There is a constant disregard for anything that restricts what he wants.  His entire life is about him, and his ego will not allow him to abide by common laws.
So the question is if he was aware of her genetic status, Parren said, though he knew the answer.
Of course he was.  She would have been tested two weeks after her birth by law.  But that gave him time to fix things if he needed to.
Parren never liked Rogef, but had to admit that was partly due to trepidation of what he was capable of.  He had anticipated this, but would have to work his way through to be sure Rogef was taken care of.
33
After the first few weeks, Buckman fully understood how the reeducation worked.  Their lives became a strict routine.  Every day the men were awakened at the same time and taken to the cafeteria.  They had exactly fifteen minutes to eat, so very little conversation took place.  Then it was outside for an hour and back to the cell for the morning.  Lunch and dinner were essentially the same routine.  The meals were always an unidentifiable meat with vegetable and bread.  Once a week, they showered.  There was no contact with the outside world.  Buckman began to play some of the sports the prisoners made up, just so he would get some activity.  They might kick one of the balls around, or play a game where teams tried to move the ball from side to side with passes.
Buckman noticed the prisoners had found ways to communicate that the organizers either did not notice or chose to ignore.  If someone won a game or bet, the two sat the same table and the loser had to give up his desert to the other man.  This was one of the few things they had to trade.  Durel made sure to tell him this was a serious matter, and if the loser failed to pay up, physical consequences could happen.  At one point, this did happen, and two inmates began to get into a scuffle.  One of the organizers hit them both with a jolt from their stun sticks, and the fight ended quickly.  
Still, despite any sense of social activity, going back to his cell was getting harder every time.  He did his best to explore every millimeter of the tiny cell.  The only furniture was a mattress on a concrete slab built out of the wall.  The mattress had one blanket and one sheet.  There was a toilet with toilet paper and a small sink with a small bar of soap and a towel.  The walls were some kind of smooth, poured concrete painted glossy white.  A single overhead light was set in flush with the ceiling.  It took a methodical search, but he finally found the camera in the ceiling, which was only evidenced by a tiny pinhole in the corner.  He had stepped off the size of the room by placing his heel to his toe and walking the width and length.  One direction was twelve foot-lengths and the other was seven.  The only sound in the room was a quiet hiss of air coming through the ventilation ducts.  The walls carried no sound.  As near as he could tell from the inmates, they were in a center area of the compound.  
Buckman learned and was told that the inmates tended to not gather in large groups.  A few times, when he saw a group of more than three or four, an organizer would come over and break it up.  As a result, there was not much interaction between them.  Even Durel started to become quieter and more reclusive in the yard.  He could see the changes as the weeks went by.  The newer arrivals were chatty and communicative.  As time passed, they became quieter and started to show strange tics and movements, and they avoided eye contact.  Buckman knew he would try to resist this, but realized it was inevitable.
As a way to cope, he decided to try his best to keep his memories alive.  Every day, he made it a point to mentally run through the faces of his family and try to recall every detail of their lives, what they look liked, how they sounded, anything.  He did not move on to the next person until their face was clear in his mind.  Eventually, this would lead him back to his parents.
For the first few years of his life, he was not sure who his real father was.  His mother would be visited by numerous men from time to time, and he slowly began to figure out these were the various fathers of his various brothers and sisters.  When he was around nine or ten, the man who was his father became clear.  He was in and out of Buckmans life over the next few years, but eventually he faded away and never came back once his mother became sick and died.
Buckman did his best to remember what his father looked like, but there was not much detail for him to grasp.  Somewhat tall and blond, like himself, but not much on his personality or habits.  His mother was clear in his mind because she spent the most time in his life.  Her life had been, like many peoples lives, an almost nomadic existence that was limited to their general region.  It seemed every few months she would take a new mate and move Buckman and his siblings a few miles down the road, maybe returning a few months later.  He was young when she died, twelve.  Day after day, he would come into her room, and she would reach a tired hand over and pat him on the arm.  Whatever disease she had and the resulting treatment for it caused her hair to become coarse and her skin to be continually dry.  Relatives were always present to sit with her.  There were occasional visits from a Doctor.  A supposed specialist came by one time, a Straight Doctor who worked across the border.  All Buckman could remember from the conversations was a mention of lymphoma.  Finally, one day, he came into her room, and the hand did not come up to his arm.  A few hours later, she died.  Buckman did his best to remember her freckles and bright blue eyes, and how much he wished he could see them again that day she died.  He left the room before they came to take her away for cremation.  That part of his childhood became a series of showing up on a relatives doorstep, helping around the home, and having meals and place to sleep for a few weeks.  Then it was on to the next relative.  He lived with various aunts and uncles until he was in his late teens, but did not see this in any way unusual from others his own age.
Buckman thought through these images and sensations every day, bringing up remembrances of places he had seen and people he had known.  It was surprising, the detail he could remember.  About five weeks after being locked in, he had become accustomed to the routine, but he was feeling the anxiety he had seen with some of the other inmates.  In his cell he had begun to pace back and forth; his conversations in the yard with other inmates had become short and uncomfortable.  He began using the tiny bar of soap to draw pictures on the walls.  The images were difficult to see unless he angled his head just right to catch the glare off the lights.  In a way, the drawings became a kind of secret he thought only he knew about, since only he could see it.
As if on cue to his growing anxiety, he was approached by one of the lead organizers, Ollie, during a Stones game in the yard.  Follow me, Ollie said, leading Buckman towards a door.
Buckman stopped.  He heard Durel yell from the other side.  Hey Ollie, you gonna suck his brains out?  The men around him laughed.
Ollie said, We need to run some tests.
Theyll take your Bent brain out and give you a nice shiny Straight one, Durel said.
Really, what do you need me for? Buckman asked.
Ollie put his hand on the stun stick attached to his belt.  Youre in no position to ask.  But we need to run some mental tests, nothing more.
Buckman knew he had no other choice but to follow him, and if he were to admit it, a small part of him wanted a break from the monotony.  Ollie began walking towards the door again, and this time Buckman followed him.
They stepped into a hallway he had never seen before, though it looked similar to any of the others he had been down.  How long have you worked here? Buckman asked.
Long enough.  Pays the bills.  Keeps the wife and kids happy.  Since Ollie worked the yard during their daytime release, all of the inmates knew who he was.  There was nothing else known about him, except he did what he did and knew how to use a stun stick.
Pay the bills, feed the family.  Sounds like my job, Buckman said.
Thats the way it is.  Not real surprising, is it? Ollie said.  This was the first time Buckman had been this close to Ollie.  He looked older and was probably close to retirement.  Like Terrial months ago on the train, Buckman guessed, well knew, that this was the only job he had held in all his adult years.  No chance for advancement.  From the start he had been locked into place, virtually guaranteed a profession for the rest of his life.  You worked on some kind of salvage ship?
I fixed ships toilets and plumbing, Buckman said.
Sounds like a Bent job, Ollie said, with no hint of sarcasm in his voice.  Got you off the planet, though.
It did, though I never left low orbit.  They turned down yet another hallway that still looked like all the others.  If Buckman had to find his way out, he would be hopelessly turned around.  The cold and snow on the outside were never visible nor felt, as there were no windows down any of the halls.
My wife wants to travel.  She wants me to leave here and spend more time with her, Ollie said.
Maybe thats not a bad idea, Buckman said.
Maybe.  One more year and Ill be eligible.  Here.  They had finally come to a door that was identified by nothing other than 12, logically located between doors 11 and 13.  Ollie opened the door and escorted Buckman into a small room, before locking the door behind him.
There was a stool in the room, and, assuming this was for him, he sat down.  One of the walls was glass, and within a few seconds of sitting, a light came on from the other side.  A man and woman walked into the room.
Buckman Carter? the woman asked.
Yes.  Can I ask what youre going to do? Buckman asked.
Youll know in a few minutes, the woman said.  Youll see a screen projected onto the glass.
A rectangle appeared in front of his face on the glass with a series of questions inside.  Let me guess.  You need me to fill these in.
When we ask you to, the man said.  First, you need to stand and face the back wall.
What? Buckman said.
Comply, please, the woman said.
Buckman sighed and did as he was told.  What are you trying to do, train me to take orders?  I can stand here all day, I guess.
When you turn around, you are to start the test.  There is a time limit for each page, which will be displayed in the upper left corner.
If I pass, do I get to go home early? Buckman said.
No.  However, if you do well and cooperate, you will be afforded restricted use of a view screen, the man said.  Turn around and begin.
At first, the test was almost insultingly easy:  How many eyes do you have?  Draw a circle with your finger.  As the pages flipped by and the minutes passed, the questions started to come quicker, but he was able to keep up.  They gave him a short break, and then he started again.  This time they became harder, and the time in the corner became shorter.  Finally, he could only get to a few questions per page before it flipped to the next one.  Come on.  Whatre you doing?  I can barely read this.  Just as he would begin reading the second or third question, the page would change.  He became frustrated with trying to keep up.  The pages stopped and the glass went blank.
That portion is complete.  Please sit very still and stare at the red spot in the back room through the glass.
Is there another test to follow, or do you have other things to do? Buckman said.
Quiet please.  Continue to stare.
As he stared at the light, it started to change in intensity until it finally disappeared.  It suddenly flared to a painfully bright spot.  Ah! he yelled, turning away, temporarily blinded.  What was that for?  Buckman blinked and thought he had totally lost his eyesight.  Stars started shooting across his vision, and a sharp pain lodged into the back of his head.  He breathed hard, bent over on the stool, and covered his eyes with his hand.  A few seconds later he heard the door open behind him and pair of hands lift him up from the stool.
What the? he mumbled.  He knew this was Ollie helping him back through the halls, but a wave of dizziness and lack of sight kept him from really paying attention to where they were going.  This happen to everyone?
Only a few, Ollie said.  Each treatment is tailored to each person.
Buckman stumbled back to his cell, and for the first time, he looked forward to being able to lie down and being quiet for a while.  His vision had come back, but it was still painful to be in the stark white cell.  If it had not been for that final light, whatever it contained, he was fine with what they did.  The test was annoying but not much more than that, but he knew enough to understand that the real object of what happened was in the light.  This was the mental reconditioning, reeducation, whatever they liked to call it.  This was where it really started.  The daily regimen was only a method of getting him prepared.  With some effort, he began his mental exercise, though the overhead light kept aggravating him.  After what seemed to be several hours, the light dimmed, and he was able to settle down.  His mental faculties were exhausted, and he fell into a nervous, dreamless sleep.
34
Rogef had told Parren that he intended to make Celirnas memorial service a private affair on the family estate.  The results from the lab tests regarding the identity of the body made this into a much debated event.  However, Parren knew when the results came in that it was she.  With that knowledge, he agreed with Rogef to have the memorial service before matters got out of hand.
The memorial service was to be a quiet affair, much as Parren had wanted it.  He originally wanted the service held at his estate, but Rogef objected.  In retrospect, Parren was comfortable with the decision and had only objected out of a sense of how it would look for her memorial not to be on his property.  Considering the circumstances of her heredity, he knew his ancestors would agree.
The grounds of the estate fit a man of Rogefs stature.  Large, manicured rock gardens were spread around the area.  There was a small lake (smaller than Parrens), a wooded area, and formal gardens.  This was in addition to the massive stone house.  Parren had to admit, though he held a deep disrespect for the man, the home was breathtaking.  When the transport came in to land, Parren tried to remember the last time he had stayed there.  It was difficult, but he seemed to remember it was at least five years ago.  One of her cousins was getting married, and the entire family had shown up.  That was around when they had started to drift apart permanently, so his time with her became sporadic and unmemorable.  Since then, he had made plenty of reasons not to visit.
The service was short.  A simple ring of flowers was placed on a headstone, though there was no body to put into the ground.  Since official identification had never been established, her remains could not be released.  The reports still had her missing.  Rogef had chosen the ring of flowers himself; a collection of different colored roses, with the thorns still intact.  Most of the non-family members left right afterwards, while everyone else stayed for lunch.  Afterwards, people were invited to wander the grounds at their leisure, which Parren was glad to do, hoping to be alone with his thoughts.  This also gave him the opportunity to stay long enough to make this look appropriate.
Parren walked to the opposite side of the lake to a spot that was hidden away in a small cove.  The house from this vantage was not visible, and not too many people would wander into that area.  There was a stone bench where Celirna had led him to many years ago as they were going through their marriage reviews.
This is my favorite spot.  I played here often as a child, she had said when they sat down.
It is quite beautiful, Parren had replied.  The woods were very thick and in many places ran all the way down to the water.  If anything, the woods were now more tangled and impenetrable than when they had sat there so many years ago.  There were many places for a youngster to hide and play.  Ravines, trees, scrub.  They kissed, not for the first time, but this was the moment he knew they would pass their reviews and be married.  Her parents then welcomed him in, as he came from an established family.
We used to play games here, my cousins and I, she said
Were you often in trouble? he asked.  Stories had come out in the reviews.  Celirna had shown little fear of confrontation and there were many conflicts, some questionable, she had become involved in.  She was a complete opposite from him in this regard, but he had found this refreshing and surprisingly exciting.  Passion was a quality he had never had in abundance.
She laughed at the question.  Parren had forgotten that laugh, as he had not heard it in a number of years.  A full laugh, deeper than one would expect from her.  I was always in trouble.  I played tricks on the servants, rolled in the mud, climbed trees.  We built a raft over there once.  We made it to the center of the lake before it fell apart.  Neither of us could swim very well, so we hung on and yelled for help.  Daddy was very upset.  It was just lucky one of us didnt drown.
She sat on the bench, her hands on the stone seat as if she were going to jump up at any moment.  When they first met, her hands fascinated him.  Despite her feminine demeanor, her hands had rough areas and a few scrapes on them.  At that time, she still liked to play games, climb, and hike.  Parren had been hesitant about this and wondered if he could keep up with her in such endeavors.  His life to that point and since had been one of intense study, without an excess of physical activity.  They stayed there for an hour or more, he could not entirely remember.
A duck splashed down in the lake not far from him and brought him back to the present.  A shuffling sound started to come down the path, and he turned to see Rogef coming towards him.
Sir, you really shouldnt be walking these paths, Parren said.
Nonsense.  I own the place.  Doctors cant tell me where to go.  I cant climb down into a mine with an air tank on my back, but I can walk a dirt path.  Rogef settled onto the bench beside Parren.  He did his best to catch his breath, but clearly the walk had been an effort for him.
They sat there for several moments.  Parren knew that Rogef had followed him out there.  Possibly Rogef knew Parren would walk over to this spot.  He had a suspicion he had played into Rogefs plan to get him alone for a few moments.  Celirna said this was one of her favorite places, Parren said.
She always thought she could hide out here, but I knew where she was.  She was a handful.  Turned into a real force, though.  Made me proud.  Rogef had a walking stick he carried around with him these days.  He had it carved out of a hickory branch he found many years before.
That was she, Parren said.
We need to talk about the news that was released, Rogef said, turning his old, smart, steady eyes toward Parren. 
The data is unclear.  If its true, Im totally taken aback, Parren said.  I had no idea.
Lets be honest for once.  Were grown men with strong opinions and influence.  Despite what the scientists say about this percentage or that percentage, we both know she was a Bent.  Wouldnt you agree? Rogef said.  The eyes still had not softened.
The data is the data, we cant refute the level of doubt, Parren said, though he knew this would irk Rogef.
Bah! Rogef said, his voice echoing.  We both know.
We both know what? Parren asked.
We both know what would have happened if she had been discovered at birth, Rogef said.
Parren could recite a long list of implications, not to mention the illegalities.  He decided to play it safe.  It would raise difficulties.
Rogef stamped the walking stick into the ground.  Difficulties?  What does that mean?  She was my daughter, my only child.  What choice did we have?
This was your choice? Parren said.
Of course it was.  Dont be silly.  I know youre smarter than that.  We could not take the chance when she was born.  The tests started when her mother was pregnant.  We knew what was coming.  A pair of ducks landed in the lake not far from the shore.  Rogef watched them paddle about.
Rogef had broken one of the central tenets that had existed for generations.  The taking of Bents out of society had to be followed lest they fall back to the previous warring times. You realized the gravity of what you were doing?
Gravity?  At the time, thats what I thought.  I thought once she started to mature, I could find a way to change her, I guess.  Make her a Straight.  Masking is terribly difficult and expensive.  It requires a custom formulation for each individual, changed as they mature.  But Im sure you know that.  Rogef adjusted where he was sitting on the bench.
But how? Parren asked.
There is no how, only why.  I could not risk losing my only child.  I believed everything about the tenets.  I lived by them every day.  I studied the history in school.  When she was born, I sought out ways to change her.  At that time, I thought my sheer force of will could make her anything I wanted her to be.  But as she grew, I changed my view.  There was no denying her true nature.  There was also no denying the astuteness and charisma.  Doubts crept in about what this, I dont know, this false structure, misguided belief system, weve put into place.  For years, I was willing to harbor a faith in the logic and find some way of rationalizing it away.
Parren was amazed that a man as influential as Rogef would even admit such things.  What finally changed you?
She matured.  She took me to one of the border schools.  One where children of Straight parents are brought into Bent society.  I realized as soon I stepped in, the barbaric measures we have allowed ourselves to develop.
Barbaric? Parren could not believe what he had heard.  The Generators knew what had to be done.  My great-grandfather led the first set of edicts, with the science to support it.  They had to do it.  The fighting had raged on for years.  There was no other choice.
At the time, yes, Rogef said, a bare hint of a smile coming across his face.  They achieved a purpose, but now, look at the cost.  Times change, and we cant tie ourselves to outdated laws and motives.
You, sir, have been a major benefactor of the order they created.  Debating the basic framework of the way the lived was one of the few things that Parren was passionate about.  Within a couple of decades of the agreements, there was such a flourish of technology and standard of living that these men were immortalized.  Can you imagine if Bents still had the freedom to live among us?
Rogefs small smile returned.  Bents like Celirna?
Parren realized he had been drawn into an argument.  She was the exception.
Bah! Rogef said as he did before only quieter.  Think about it.  All DNA does is indicate a tendency.  There are other ways to nurture behavior.  What weve done is allow our predictions of tendencies to prove themselves.  We set it up that way.
No, what we have is right.  It is just, Parren said, hoping the old man would topple off the bench and onto the ground so he could leave him there.
Look, Im as much a part of the problem as anyone.
Problem?
Let me put it this way.  You and people like you are highly regarded.  This has let you come to think of yourselves as privileged.  Chosen.  To be direct, you think of yourself as a deity.
Of course Im special.  Look at the order I belong to.  This is not an accident, it is the result of careful planning set forth by the wisdom of the Generators, Parren insisted.  All his life he knew intellectually he had towered over nearly everyone he met.  Subjects that others struggled with came easily to him.  How could that have happened purely through happenstance?
Rogef stood from the bench.  Parren, Ive come to realize there are no gods, and you certainly are not one.  If we remain fixated with upholding outdated notions, we are doomed to destroy ourselves.  All youve managed to do is replace the religion of the past with the religion of the new.  The same old problems are still there.  He started to walk away.  I need to look into what happened to her a little more.
What? Parren asked, still trying to deal with much of the discussion.
Rogef stopped his slow walk and turned towards Parren.  I dont know why, but what happened doesnt make total sense.
Parren looked out over the lake.  Rogefs smart eyes became hard and set, but Parren said, The matter is settled.  The guilty are serving time.  I dont think I could stand to have this drawn out any longer.
Rogef set the walking stick on the ground and turned away.  You might be right.  Then again, you might not.
The shuffling sound of the old man faded away as he walked into the woods.  Parren stayed on the bench for some time, thinking about what to do next with what he just heard.  His choices were limited.  Rogef was of an age and stature that he could say whatever he wanted and people could not touch him.  Legalities would take years to work out, and there was no telling if Rogef would even live that long.  Parren knew he was not welcome there any longer and could never return.  Within an hour, he was on his transport, lifting off from the grounds.  He left a short note saying he had an emergency he needed to resolve.
35
Twice a week, they took Buckman to the same room and performed the same tests.  He knew the routine and could almost predict when Ollie would approach him in the yard.  A few times he resisted, and Ollie called over another organizer who approached with the stunner ready.  They took him to the room, where he now knew to turn away from the glass wall until told to turn around.  He punched in the numbers and tried to get through the questions.  The only change was that if he did better, he did not get the light.  If his score was worse, they gave him the light.  If he tried to resist, two organizers would come in and stun him in the back of the neck so he could not close his eyes even if he tried.  Either way, he was going to suffer a blinding headache for a few hours to follow.  He almost looked forward to getting back to his cell and closing his eyes.
Buckman was sitting against the wall in the yard.  He had his head down, trying to avoid looking into the unusually strong sunlight that morning.  The storms had stopped, and the light was blinding, made all the worse by the treatment he had the day before.  A ball hit him in the side and knocked his elbow off his knee.
Hey, some help here, someone said.
It took a moment, but he slowly righted himself and brushed some dirt off his coveralls. What? he managed to say.  There was a group of three or four men standing on the other side of the yard, looking at him.
Toss it back, one of the men said.  Buckman was not sure, but he guessed the man was one of the new inmates.  The newer ones still had a tendency to chat and interact more.
Toss what? Buckman said.  Buckman kept squinting and trying to figure out what they were talking about.
The ball, you Malovian worm.  The man came over and bent down close to Buckman.  Whats wrong with you?  All of you.  Cant you hear?
I can hear, Buckman said.
The man pushed him over and started kicking him in the side.  Within moments, others came over and pulled him off and held him back.  They started talking excitedly for about a minute.  He heard the words, only two months, and brain test, mixed in with the conversation.  They pointed to others around the yard like Buckman, the ones in a stupor or with self-inflicted bruises.  The man who delivered the kick glanced around from person to person, and like Buckman two months or so, before seemed to conclude that they were to be left alone.  He picked the ball up and rejoined the group on the other side of the yard.  The small circle re-formed, and they began kicking the ball back and forth again.  Between kicks, Buckman saw the man could not stop looking at those who were debilitated.  Buckman went back to putting his head between his knees.  A few minutes later, Ollie came to take Buckman back for his tests.  Once in the room, he stood as always, facing away from the glass.
We have a change in the test today, the woman said.  He was not sure, but he thought this was a different attendee from the one he had heard before.  Buckman did not really care, but when he heard a familiar voice behind him, he turned back around.
Maries image was on the glass.  The image was clearly recorded, but he could not remember ever seeing anything so wonderful in his life.  His mouth hung open in amazement, and he looked at her image.  Every detail of her came back.  The way her wild red hair framed her face and her green eyes.  The freckles across her eyebrows.  The thin nose and how that one wrinkle came out when she was really upset.  She looked drawn, tired, though.  The image must have been taken since he left home.  Without shame, tears rolled down his cheeks.  He wanted to touch and be touched so badly, his hands trembled.
Would you like us to play the message? the attendant asked.
Buckman shook his head.  Yes, of course.
The image blinked a moment and then started.  Bucky, they gave me a few minutes to record a message for you.  I hope you are doing well, and we miss you terribly.  Ive been able to hold the family together and have made repeated attempts to see you, but they wont let me leave Eastern.  Your brother is having some problems, well, I dont want you to worry about that.  Your aunt comes by often and asks if we have heard anything.  I dont want you to be concerned with us, just take care of yourself and get out as soon as you can.  I talked to Charless family, and they are having the same problems as me.  His case was all over the news.  Im not sure where he is or how hes doing.  Butoh.  She stopped and looked down and pushed her hair back.  I only have a few moments.  The image stopped.
We need to run through the test, the attendee said.
Cant I see the rest? Buckman asked, still mesmerized by her image on the glass.  Her face disappeared, to be replaced by the rectangle.
After the test.  Turn around.  Buckman tried to imagine her face inside the rectangle, but as instructed, he turned around until told to take the test.  The test started and he ran through is as he had been doing for the past couple of months.
When he finished the last questions he asked, Can I see the rest of the message?
The test rectangle went away and Maries face came back.  We miss you and love you, and want you to come home as soon as you can.  I talked to Reg, I think is his name, and he is fine.  She stopped again and looked to the side of the camera.  The small wrinkle came across her nose for a second.  He said hes doing fine and found someone interesting to talk to.  We had to move out of our home; the rent was getting to be too much.  I moved everyone a few kilometers away.  Its not as nice, but I was able to keep everyone together.  My sister found a job, so thats helped.  I really think  The recording stopped.  Her face was still for a few seconds until Buckman realized she was no longer talking.  The image faded away and Buckman found himself looking at the red spot on the back wall.  His thoughts were still on her when they hit him with the light.
He slapped his hands over his eyes and the front of his face.  What are you doing to me?  I cant take this!  The light!  This had always been painful before, but this time he fell off the stool and curled up on the floor.  He tried to breathe in a regular rhythm, but he could only do so through clenched teeth.  Spittle rolled out of his mouth as he lay there, waiting for the red splotches in his eyesight to go away and for the room to stop spinning.
After a few minutes, the door opened and a hand pulled him off the floor.  Ollie gently guided out of the room and into the hall.  We can walk slow.  
They stopped and Buckman had to sit on the floor with his back against the wall.  It always like this?  For everyone?  He asked.
Ollie knelt down and looked closely at Buckman.  He had one knee on the floor, and his hands were resting in the other.  Not quite sitting with Buckman, but not standing over him either.  Yes, seen it time and again.  You have to let yourself recover.  Dont push it.  The harder you resist or act like youre tough, the more it hurts.  Thats how it works.
Buckman stood back up, and they continued down the hall until they reached a bench conveniently placed in the middle of nowhere, right where he needed to sit down.  Understand.
They made several more stops on their way back to his cell.  Take your time.  Dont be ashamed.  This happens to everyone, Ollie said.  Heres the best thing.  Get plenty of rest, drink water, and eat whatever they give you.  Walk around on your time outside, no matter how much you dont want to.
 Buckman nodded as Ollie helped him onto the bunk.  Buckman fell back and curled up on the corner of the mattress.  The door closed, and the ringing in his ears started to subside.
36
His recovery from the tests was now taking several days.  During that time, when he was in the yard, he would wander around in a kind of stupor, not wanting to engage in any conversation or even raise his face towards the sun.  Being outside was only a minor escape from his cell.  Once he was locked up in the cell, the headache did not allow him to sleep, except fitfully, for a day or two, until exhaustion took over.
This went on until, one evening after coming back from dinner, Buckman looked at the calendar he had been drawing on the wall with the soap and saw he had been getting treatments for about twenty days.  His body had gotten soft and restless from all the hours of nothing to do.  That evening, he began his nightly mental exercise of trying to pick out a time in his life and remember every detail he could pull up.  He thought of his mother preparing dinner for a family wedding, but he was having a difficult time remembering what she looked or sounded like.
He stretched out on the bunk and tried to run through the exercise again.  Sometimes faces would come up, and sometimes names.  He was not able to mentally match them up.  There were events that he could remember and people involved, but he could not put it all together.  There was something there.  A person.  A funny, annoying man he had spent considerable time with.  Buckman turned on his side, took the bar of soap off of the sink basin, and began tossing it into the air above his head as he lay back on the bunk.  The bar flipped and spun as it went up and down.  He was able to control the motions with small adjustments with how he threw it.  Flipping and turning, flipping and turning.  He tossed the bar until it hit the ceiling light and fell onto his stomach.  How the hell could he have forgotten?  It was Jack.  How could anybody forget Jack?
He threw the bar of soap at the wall, where it hit with a splat and fell to the floor.  They had made him forget Jack, of all people.  The camera was watching his every move.  Over the past few days, he realized that those kinds of memories were getting harder to bring back up.  His daily mental exercise had become frustrating and tiring.  They had even made thinking difficult.  Buckman looked at the ceiling and picked out the tiny hole where the camera was.  He began to pick absently at a hangnail on his thumb.  The air was always dry, and his skin had become flaky.  He pulled the skin back a little.  They, them, the people behind the camera had made him forget.  The face of his mother was on the verge of slipping out of his memory.  The day before, he had trouble remembering his home address and com identification.  Buckman continued to pull the skin and failed to realize his thumb had started to bleed freely.  His home, the street, the neighbors, all these faces with no names popped up in his thoughts.  All these people he could not figure out, but he knew they were familiar.
Jack, he said.
What?
Buckman stopped picking at his thumb.  What was that voice?
Where are you? he asked.
Its Jack.  You know me.  Cmon, lets toss some darts, I need the money.
Buckman looked at his thumb and saw blood was pouring down his hand from the loose strip of skin.  Blood was on his arm and pants.  He took his slipper off and threw it at the camera.  The flimsy rubber object just bounced off.  Getting to his feet, he stood on the bed and looked at the camera.
You watch me when I sleep, he said quietly.  
Then a little louder.  You watch me when I sleep and when I eat.
His breathing began to pick up.  He thought the pin-hole for the camera began to light up.  
He started yelling.  You watch me when I sleep, when I shit.  You watch me when I jack off! You watch me when I piss every morning!  Buckman was yelling so hard he started to step forward until he stepped off the bunk, twisting his ankle.  He did not notice.
You watch me!  He started pounding on the wall with his bloody hand leaving red splatters every time his fist hit.  A bone moved in his wrist, but he continued to hit the wall, barely noticing the pain.
Jack!  Jack!  He starting hitting the wall with both hands.  The lights went out, and he slumped down on the bunk holding his aching wrist.  The lights had never been completely turned out and the small cell was completely dark except for a thin sliver from beneath the door.  The wrist was now excruciating and slippery with blood.  A moment later he saw shadows of feet in the sliver of light just before the door flew open.  Two men rushed in through the blinding light of the hallway and stunned him.  The pain only lasted a moment before he was unconscious.
Buckman woke up and found himself strapped down to a cold metal table in a room he had not been in before.  His wrist was in a cast of some sort and hurt every time he tried to move it around.  The images and sounds in the room slowly started to come back into focus, and he became aware of other people in the room.  
Where am I? he tried to say.  His voice came out in a series of short grunts.
Where am I? he asked again.  This time he realized there was something in his mouth.  Something rubbery.  With a jerk of his head, he tried to spit it out but only succeeded in getting saliva on the side of his face.  Whatever it was had a strap running around the back of his head, holding it in place.
A man in a white coat came over and shone a light on and off in his eyes several times.  Hes coming back.  You didnt have to hit him so hard.  He was out for two hours.  Buckman was not sure who was talking, but there was obvious disapproval in the mans voice.
He was giving us problems, an answer came from the other side.
Hm.  Ive heard that too many times.  We wasted all this time waiting to proceed.  I have other things to do besides sit around for him to wake up.  Go on, get out of here.  A door opened and closed.
What are you going to do? Buckman tried to ask.  Apparently the man was used to talking to people with rubber mouthpieces in, because he seemed to understand the question.
Were going to continue with your treatment.  To answer your first question, youre in the realignment center.  Youve arrived at a critical juncture in your reeducation.  This is why you are here.  Another person moved around from behind him; a short stocky woman holding a pair of metal paddles with wires leading off.  The man who was talking smiled back at Buckman.  This is when the true improvements begin.  Everything up to this point was preparation.
How do you know what Im saying?
I do this ten times a day.  Ive seen this work over and over.  This treatment is specially programmed for you based on the tests youve been taking.  Relax.  There will be a momentary flash, and then youll wake up back in your cell.  The man disappeared from view.
Wait, whatre you going to do? Buckman asked, turning his head around as far as he could to see what was going on.  Whatever they were setting up was just out of his view.  There was a whirring sound, and then his head was being forced back around by what felt like a giant pair of hands.  The force was soft but powerful, and he was not able to resist the movement.  Once his head was back around, he was not able even to move his body.  All he could do was stare at the ceiling above.
Now? he heard the second man say.
Proceed, the woman said.  The paddles, two on his temples and one on his forehead, were pressed into place with adhesive.  This will take about two minutes to charge and begin.
Charge?  Buckman asked.  Begin what?
They secured a mouthpiece in his mouth.  We dont want you to bite your tongue or break your teeth.  Were going to administer wave patterns into your brain, the man said.  This will be painless if you dont struggle.  At first, you will feel a slight disorientation.  You might have some slight shudders, so we put the mouth protector in.  Relax.  Those thoughts that have caused you so much trouble will be taken away.  Relax.
What thoughts? Buckman asked around the mouthpiece.
The thoughts that put you here in the first place, the woman said.  Those thoughts that make you misbehave.  None of us like those thoughts, but in your case they were overpowering.  Were going to take care of them for you.
Numerous treatments will be required, based on your analysis.  Eventually you will come to look forward to being in here.  In the end, were all better for this, the man said.
The woman came into his view.  Buckman, we care for your well-being, and only want the best result.  This has been proven time and again to calm feelings of violence and lust.  Those base emotions are an impediment to all of us.  This is a proper application of science to support our faith in the true purpose, making us all better.  Wouldnt you agree?
Buckman had no idea what she was talking about, and was trying to form a response.  Violence and lust?  Science and faith?  What kind of kind of mixed up ideas were they trying to force on him?  The paddles began to vibrate against the skin on his head.  He brought up an image of Marie into his mind and tried his best to think of everything he could about her.  Her looks, sounds, smells.  What she tasted like.  But that image began to shimmer and started to be replaced by an uncanny, highly detailed review of his life in reverse.  Despite his best efforts, he was not able to stop the images as he went back to his time on Bertie, finding Celirna and pushing her in, his trip on the transport, the bus, and finally back to the apartment.  He remembered his family as the years roared by, brothers, sister, mother dying.  Dirt and poverty of his youth.  He became younger and younger until he realized he was looking up from his crib as a baby, and then nothing.
The lights came on and Buckman was back in his cell.  These were the morning lights, and Buckman felt like he had slept for hours without moving.  All his joints were sore.  There was a dull ache in the back of his head.  If this was morning, he had been there for over twelve hours, since they had picked him up right after dinner the day before.  His wrist was bound in a blue bandage, and though it no longer hurt, he vaguely remembered what he did to it before.  He eased his way off the bunk and tested all his limbs.  Everything worked, and he started to feel slightly better as blood began to flow to all his muscles.  Balance was off when he stood, but he was fine.  The door opened and he stepped out into the hall.
The prisoner in the cell next to his looked him up and down.  Where you been?
Wha? Buckman asked, trying to remember the mans name.  It started with a D.
Thought you were gone.
Daniel.  Thats who he was.  Gone.  I ate breakfast yesterday.
No you didnt.  Havent seen you for a couple of days.
An organizer came along.  Shut up and start moving.  Daniel turned around and Buckman began to follow.  Out for a full day and a half.  He had been unconscious for that long.  Buckman suddenly realized how powerfully hungry he was and how badly he needed to urinate.  I have to pee real bad, he said to the organizer next to him.  It was the longest fifteen minute breakfast he had ever eaten.
After breakfast and having a chance to relieve himself, Buckman was leaning against the wall in the yard when Daniel came up to him.  Though they were in adjoining cells, they had rarely talked to one another.  There had been no reason to.
How are you? Daniel asked.  A month ago, Durel had been the first person he had really talked to.  Durel was gone.  Others had come and gone as well.  There was no chance to establish any kind of social hierarchy amongst the prisoners.
I hurt all over, Buckman said.
Heard thats what happens.  Whatd they do?  Daniel was a quiet man to start with.  Small.  He had been picked up on some kind of swindling charge.  Buckman had since given up and figuring who was Bent or Straight.  It no longer mattered.
No, well kind of.  They, uh, had me restrained, and they.  Buckman did his best to figure it out, but there was a problem he could not get around.
Come on, Daniel urged him.  He was rubbing his hands together.  He knew this was coming to him soon.  Come on, you have to remember.  You have to.
It was just another room.  My head was held in place and they hooked me up.
Im next, Daniel said.  I dont know if I can do it.  Theyve been hitting me with the light and its starting to go away.  I cant quite remember certain things.  Whatd they do next?
Buckman tried to remember the three people in the room with him.  Or was it two?  After several minutes of remembering small images from the procedure, he remembered the last thing he thought of before they began.  Marie and his family.  Daniel had sat down on the gravel and Buckman struggled to pull these thoughts together.  What was there to tell him?  They try to take away everything thats important.
Daniel looked up at him and pulled his knees to his chest.  Buckman tried to describe what happened and realized he was repeating the same thing numerous times.  He stopped talking, and they were quiet for several minutes.  The time in the yard ended, and they were taken back to their cells.
37
After two very long days, Parren and Celirna finally had the dinner he promised.  The plan to go out the evening before had fallen through when a skirmish happened a few kilometers away, resulting in long lines and increased security.  Shots were fired, and threats were made.  This was enough to bring inspections at the border to a near standstill.  What the previous day had taken thirty minutes instead took three hours, as their travel became severely restricted.  Everyone was tired and hungry, and only wanted to relax.  
Celirna filled the second day with meetings with her board members, while Parren essentially did the same remotely with the Council.  Both were able to get a full days work in, and now, after everyone had left, Parren and Celirna had time to themselves.  The pilot had remotely programmed the transport to the destination Parren requested.  They were allowed to travel alone for short distances on automated pilot, as long as the actual pilot was able to remotely take control in case a problem arose.  Everything went smoothly, and within a few minutes, they were setting down in a small grass lot outside a private villa.  As soon as they emerged from the craft, a man appeared, offered them drinks, and said they could place their orders.  They both did and said they would be ready to eat in an hour, which gave them a chance to walk the grounds.
Neither of them said anything to the other as they took a path that led away from the plantation style building into some of the formal gardens.  They walked, both enjoying the quiet after a stressful few days.  There were others doing the same, and whenever they passed another couple everyone said a polite hello, and then they went about their stroll.
The sun was beginning to dip to the horizon, casting a warm hue over everything.  Parren had even removed his tie, intending to relax as much as he was capable.  Celirna had a tendency to run her hand over every object she passed.  A park bench or a tree trunk, it was a tendency Parren had noticed she had done for year.  He often wondered if this was a sign of a form of autism, but always decided it was best just to let her do it.  Besides, it was more of light subconscious brush of her hand, rather than an obsessive grab.  They came to one of the gardens populated with huge flowers, most over two meters tall.  Lovely isnt it? Celirna said, reaching out to run her hand over the sunflower.
Yes, a simple flora, but visually appealing, Parren said.
Parren, please.  Were alone, she took his rather stiff hands and pressed them between both of hers, and lightly kissed his fingertips.  No one will hear you here.  You can drop the formality.
Yes, youre right.  Of course you are, he said.  Many times, she had provided gentle coaching in being more approachable, lessons he tried to remember but found very frustrating.  Years ago, he had taken one of the many classes offered for people genetically prone to thixophobia, the fear of being touched.  It did not work, agreeing with his knowledge that he could not correct his genetic tendencies.
Dear, I think it may be time to sit down.  Service should begin soon, he said, leading her out of the garden.  They went back to the house and were shown to a semi-private table that had been set up for them, complete with an uncorked bottle of wine and hors doeuvres.
Celirna took an oyster and poured each of them a glass of wine.  Um, what a week, wouldnt you agree?
Yes, yes I do, he said, helping himself to a cracker with pt.  
Ive been setting this up for months, and we got so much done, she continued.
You did a marvelous job, he replied.  He had his questions, but they would come out soon enough.
After years of putting this program together, going out and finding funding.  I dont know how many businesses we visited for support, I forget, fifty, a hundred, before we signed on the first partner.
Sixty-three, I believe.  Western Systematic was the company.  They had a vested interest in moving a collection of older data servers.  Parren remembered her elation when the company finally agreed.  He was afraid she would never be able to control her emotions long enough to find any more donors.
Once we had them, others jumped on.  Even companies that had passed us up came back.
In fact, he had marveled at how she had done the fundraising.  Many times, he had seen her enter a room of business leaders and work them with a natural skill, and an understated persistence.  I remember how you kept finding ways to address Parlock, the President of Cerlon software.
Celirna threw her head back and laughed.  I kept showing up at trade shows, stock holder meetings.  I bought ten thousand shares of company stock so I would get the invitations.  I had enough voting rights to sit on the board.
Parren had to laugh himself.  Her creativity was interesting to watch.  Parlock finally called me to ask how he could get rid of you, and I said to have him donate.
Celirna smiled and looked out over the immaculate grounds.  And to think what this has grown to.  Now we have training programs started, health initiatives that are showing real results.  Thats what we did.  Now we have the real data to back us up.  Kids and parents who dont have to worry about malnutrition.  Did you see that?  People getting the help, the information they need, in hours, instead of weeks or never at all.  See, this can work.  Bents and Straights working together.  Making a change in peoples lives.  My goodness, there was an entire family about a month ago who were caught in a house fire.  They had severe burns, smoke inhalation.  Kids barely survived.  They were released from the burn unit a week ago.  To think, a year ago they wouldve been lucky to be alive, even then theyd be impaired for life.  She shook her head.  It all started with getting people to donate a few pieces of unused equipment.  Simple, when you think about it.  Common sense, really.  One of the things we talked about while you were away was how to bring this into making greater change.  Real political change for both sides.
Parren took a few bites of the first course they had just been served.  Theres something I think you need to know about, he said wiping his mouth and looking past her to the hills beyond.  When we were going through the hospitalremember when I asked how many scanners they had?
Sure.  It seemed like an odd question, but something I would expect you to ask, she said with a wink.
The sarcasm did not register with Parren.  He never would understand how such humor worked, since to him it always sounded like an odd insult.  I just had a memory that the number was not right.  I checked the log and indeed he was off by a few.
Celirna let her fork hover over her plate for a few seconds.  Certainly there is an explanation, I can have the accountants check into that, she said, the fork not moving, the words rushing out.  Its a complicated system.  We have to work out of several warehouses and distribution points.
Well, Parren continued, again looking at the faraway hills.  I think you need to perform that inquiry.  It can be a daunting task to account for a large number of items all over the world, I can understand that.  However, I believe you will find the records to not be in order.
Celirna went ahead and took a few bites.  She chewed, swallowed, and did not take her eyes off Parren.  Are you casting distrust?
I certainly dont mean to, he said, hoping it sounded sincere.  It didnt.
She put her fork down.  Come on.  Tell me.  You are incapable of lying.  Your eyes get big, your pupils dilate.  You sit back just a millimeter.  What did you do?
Parren regretted even trying to use clever hints.  She knew him too well, and when provoked, she could be painfully pointed and incisive.  A skill no doubt inherited from her bastard father.  Well, he said, putting the utensils down and placing both hands on either side of his plate.  I checked, and there were numerous inconsistencies in the quantities.
As I said, we can have it checked.  Certainly there is a logical explanation.  Thats what you want isnt it?  Logic?  An explanation that fits your logic?  Parren could see there was going to be no way to safely breach this problem besides telling her what he had found out in the two days since he first stepped into the exam room.
I had Gryman contact the accounting firm.  They did some work, and the inconsistencies are there.  Celirna put her hand on her forehead and then went back to eating her dinner.  Please understand what Im saying.  If there is a problem, it needs to be dealt with.
Is there a problem?  Is there really?  Sounds like youve gone ahead and made your conclusion.  Do you know why the numbers dont add up?  How much have you really looked at this?  I mean, you walked through the hospital and counted three machines, instead of five.
Six were delivered.  Gryman had a private investigator find one of the missing three.  There are only a few in service, so it was not hard to find.  It was set up in another hospital three hundred kilometers away.  It has to be registered to operate properly.  Parren thought it was best not to mention the other equipment that was being found at other locations.
Well look into it, she said, returning to her meal.
Dear, Parren said.  There could be a perfectly good explanation.
I said, well look into it.  And I dont like you doing this without my knowledge, she said, quickly cutting into a piece of chicken.
Imits justlet me put it this way.  There is a black market for this kind of equipment, and I dont want you to be misled into feeding that element.  Parren knew this was common knowledge.  Bents who were smart enough, and there were a few, had found ways to profit handsomely by exploiting the needs of the many.
How dare you even imply that!  How dare you even think that Plymer and his staff would participate in that kind of operation. You saw the kind of change, radical improvement theyve made.  The burn units only one of many.  She too put her fork down.
Parren knew this was not going to be an argument he could effectively win, so he changed tactics.  You might have a point.  Yes, I see, I see.  I should not jump to conclusions  He knew, felt really, that what GoodShare was inadvertently doing was shipping equipment with entirely good intentions, but then when it arrived, some went out one door and some went out another.  Cash exchanged hands for these transactions, and Plymer would be wise enough to know he could make a considerable amount by doing this.  Maybe his intent was altruistic and he was putting the money back into the hospital, but it was still illegal.
Okay, fine.  I agree, there could be a problem.  I dont know.  But please, please include me and my staff in these investigations.  I think, well I know youll find this is all a misunderstanding.  Maybe a bookkeeping error.  I dont know.
Anyone watching them would have seen two people with both hands on the table, looking at each other, quiet and intense.  They might not have guessed they were in a closely guarded argument, but both Parren and Celirna had been like this many times before.  Neither of them used public displays of deep disagreements, but they often came to a stalemate that required both of them to simmer down and agree to discuss matters in private.  Rogef had taught her to save her natural expressiveness for the right occasions.  Difficult as it was, she had learned to quell her Bent tendencies and instead turn it into focus.  To let the emotions subside and work out the difficulties in a more constructive manner.  Her breathing slowed, and she felt her back relax.  Can we finish our meal, maybe talk about something else besides work?  Parren, its been a stressful month for me, please lets not get caught up in such a discussion.
Agreed, he said.  They continued with their evening.  They talked about a few other matters but were more content watching the sunset and stillness settle in.  When they were done, they flew back to the house, where they spent the night in the same room, in the same bed.  Parren never slept well when she was in his bed, as she had a tendency to rustle the blankets into an uneven arrangement.  Celirna was asleep as soon as the lights went out.
38
Gryman stepped out of the transport and onto the landing pad of the prison airlock.  The change in gravity temporarily disoriented him, causing his eyes to lose focus for a moment.  Hand railings were always available for departing passengers, but he hated to show his weakness by grasping for one.  He did anyway, since falling over would have been worse.  He had traveled well away from Earth to an asteroid called Ceres, where a remote prison had been set up.  Originally the infrastructure was built as a resort, but that had turned into a much publicized financial failure.  When vacationers began to say looking into the vastness of space was agonizing rather than relaxing, the property and infrastructure was sold at a huge loss and eventually became prison.
Gryman hated making these trips, traveling in state-owned transports and staying in bare, cramped quarters, eating pre-fabricated food.  However, this was the only way he could visit Charles and check on his reeducation process.  Gryman knew this was really a generic way of saying brainwashing, but that was what it really was.  Replacing thoughts with other thoughts and beliefs was a science that had been perfected over the years, and it was one that had been put to good use.
The need for the trip had been clear about six weeks before after another meeting with Parren.  Gryman and Parren had been trying many legal avenues to obtain the interviews with Charles since he had been convicted.
This man is a troublemaker, and we must know what he is saying, Parren had said in his characteristic monotone, a vocal inflection that at times Gryman simply tuned out.
Yes, he clearly caught the publics attention with his implications.  This is still causing ramifications.  I get questions about once a week on this, Gryman said.  People liked to hear about cover-ups and conspiracies.  Straights were, if anything, analytical people who liked to dig into details.  Gryman hated this, and wished there was a way to stop the meddling masses.
Ive tried, Parren said, putting his hand to his mouth and thinking for a moment.  Ive tried to ask through governmental channels to obtain the transcripts and recordings of the interview but have been rebuffed at every turn.
This was not a response Parren was used to or would graciously accept.  Gryman knew Parren assumed a privilege in matters of access.  This was a privilege Gryman had had to fight for all his life, and he felt this would always continue.  Parren was born to position whereas he had to scratch for it.  Ive been able to gain some insight into this.  I submitted a request to the magistrate overseeing that sector and was sent a summary report.
Parren slowly nodded his head.  I am going to surmise that the summary provided insufficient information.
The data and details are always where the true information lies.  I have exhausted my options.  This is considered private information, and short of breaking laws, I cannot obtain the full reports.  Gryman knew he could find a way to force people to give this to him, but that would raise suspicions and was not needed, yet.
What can I do to help? Parren asked.
If I can be allowed to visit the facility and review the recordings firsthand, I can learn how his treatment is progressing, Gryman said.  He knew that restrictions prevented him from making copies of anything; however, he believed he could view what he needed firsthand, possibly interview Charles in person.
I think that can be done.  One thing to keep in mind is that science and time are at our disposal.  If we deem the progress less than satisfactory, we can submit a request for more information, but that is a long process, Parren said sitting back in his seat.  Gryman could tell by the tented fingertips and crossed legs that Parren was warming to the idea of being able to direct Charless incarceration from a remote distance.
If you can get me out there, I can make an assessment.  Parren had agreed and made the arrangements.
Gryman spent the day in his room, resting and reviewing some of the documents he had been given.  The section of the property he was in still had the illusion of being a well-appointed retreat, except all the luxury trappings had been removed.  The bed was rudimentary, and the bathroom had the nicer equipment replaced with plain white plastic units.  The view from the room, however, looked out into the vastness of the solar system and beyond.  Gryman could not imagine how anyone would come here to relax without going stir crazy.  A perfect place for a prison, but otherwise, what the hell were they thinking when they built the resort?
After a few hours of sleep, Gryman went down to the recordkeeping room to view some the interviews with Charles.  The doctor in charge of the Psychiatric staff wanted to talk to him first, but Gryman insisted on watching the recordings to form his own opinion.  He would have lunch with the doctor later that day.
Gryman checked in with the clerk and left all his personal electronic equipment in a locker.  He was permitted only to view the information, not take any of it with him.  Even paper was forbidden.  This was told to him prior to his visit, but he still let the low-level clerk know his displeasure by berating the man for several minutes for the lack of appreciation for his purpose.  He knew his abhorrent behavior would be transmitted to the rest of the staff, which was part of his intention.  All these people knew was fear, and he was adept at exploiting this inclination.
Once situated, he turned on the screen in the viewing booth and pulled up the first interview with Charles.  The picture came on before the sound, and Charles was already animated and red faced.  The organizer in the corner had the stun stick at his ready, though they seemed receptive on letting him rant.
I didnt do a damn thing.  Not a freakin goddamn thing, Charles said once the sound caught up with the image.  We seen her down there.  Her head was all bashed in.  A shame it was, a beautiful woman like that to end her life there.  I learnt more about her since I been locked up.  She was murdered for what she believed.  She did good work and they killed her.  Why aint they looking for who did it, instead of putting a fuckin plumber out on a rock in space?  Know why?  Cause this is a cover-up.
What evidence do you have this is a cover-up? the interviewer asked.  The person doing the interviewing was a middle-aged man who appeared to be less than engaged in the conversation.  Gryman thought he likely had been instructed on the questions to ask and the line of reasoning.
I seen it, Charles said, his face getting redder.  I seen how she was put there to be found by us.  The shit valve was screwed up on purpose.  The tool marks were fresh.  I junked up a bunch of valves in my day and I know what one looks like.
Gryman stopped the recording and played that part back again.  This was the first he heard they had actually seen her down there.  He did not have all the transcripts from the trials with him, but he did not remember them actually seeing her down there.  This put them right at the scene and not reporting what they had found.  Tricky little bastard.  Charles knew what he had found and how this would play out.  Good thing the man was serving time for the murder.  Gryman was not sure how to handle this right now.  If this were public knowledge, it could be used against Gryman and Parren.  Either way, it was best that Charles never see the light of day again.
He continued listening to the conversation where he had left off and then skipped ahead a few weeks.  This time there was a different interviewer, an older woman who talked in a low, quiet voice.  She was good.  Quiet, inquisitive.  She asked good leading questions.  She encouraged follow-up conversation rather than more routine questions.  Charles sat still and gestured with his hands occasionally, rather than pounding on the table and jumping around as he did in last interview Gryman watched.  The tests and reeducation had begun, and Gryman quickly looked at the test results.  Charles did not have much in the way of analytical skills, but was adept at spatial relationships.  He also seemed to have a remarkable memory.  This began to raise a suspicion as he went back to the interview.
The interviewer did not appear to be going down a list of questions.
Tell me what you know about the victim? she asked Charles.
Not much, really, Charles said.  Gryman suspected the presence of an older woman had a calming effect on Charles.  That, plus weeks of confinement, had taken much of the vitriol out of him.  Somebody gave me something the other day.  It talked about her.  Stunning woman.  A real looker.  Dang if she didnt do a whole lot of good.
Good?  How do you see her activities as being good? she asked.  Gryman was surprised to hear Charles had been given any information about Celirna.  He thought this kind of outside contact was restricted.
Look at all that work she did with them children.  At the schools.  I mean, goddamn, who does that kind of thing? Especially a Straight woman with looks and money.  Dang it.  You know anyone else from that order who did anything like that?  Cant imagine how a pin-dick like Parren fetched her as a wife.
The woman made a few notes in the database.  Charles continued to sit quietly, something Gryman found inexplicably fascinating.  Do you believe, or had you seen, evidence of the work she had done?
Charles thought for a long time.  Not directly.  I mostly seen it, you know, in the reports they give me.  I been to some of them schools and hospitals, though.  On the border.  He rubbed his head and bit his lip for a moment.  The interviewer had paused in writing anything down, turned the sound off for moment and said something to him.  Charles relaxed again, and the sound came back.  Its just that, them places are hell.  Hows a kid supposed to learn when there aint no decent books or food?  She tried to fix that.  Dont see nobody else doing that.  Least nobody like her.
Explain that, nobody like her.
She was so dang pretty.  If she went to a school, whole town would show up.  Theyd take pictures of her.  She had a fund or whatever.  Put her own money into it, since she couldnt get donations.  Built classrooms, bought stuff.
Did you finish your education?
No.  Had to quit when I was twelve.  Barely had hair on my crotch, and I had to go earn money.
She continued to ask questions that allowed Charles to talk in a natural manner.  There was no confrontation or challenge to anything he said.  Gryman was impressed.  In this way, Charles revealed both his life story and his true personality at the same time.  What bothered him was that anyone who saw this would question Charless guilt.  It was too obvious that a change had been made in the treatment regimen.  The interviewer was also doing something he had not noticed before.  She was not only recording the interview through the data pad but also hand writing notes into a notebook.  This had not happened with the previous interviewer.  The book was mostly turned away from the camera, and he found no amount of enlarging the picture was going to reveal anything.  Gryman knew she had positioned the notebook so it could not be read by anyone reviewing the recording.  The hair on the back of his neck went up as he began to realize someone had beaten him to Charles, and that they were likely at opposite means.
Gryman skipped ahead to the next interview recording and saw the interviewer had been changed.  Again, he quickly forwarded through it to the next and then the next, and he saw a remarkable difference in Charles demeanor.  His face was drawn and he answered questions robotically.  Any sign of extraneous movement or expression was gone.  The drug treatment must have started.  Gryman checked the date and saw it was about a month before the present.  
A half hour later, Gryman was sitting down for lunch with the prison Lead Psychiatric doctor, Dr. Horglist.  Before arriving at the facility, Gryman had read the mans biography and found there was a pattern of remarkably little achievement other than successfully moving through the system.
Gryman was already seated when Horglist came into the room.  The man was big around the middle with small shoulders, clearly not a physical specimen of any repute.  There was curt hello, and they were served a meal consisting of meat and noodles covered in a cheese-like product, and garlic bread covered in butter.  The prisoner providing the service left the serving bowl on the table in front of Horglist, who continued to heap more onto his plate.  Once the mound of food was sufficient, Horglist asked, I trust your trip was uneventful?
Yes, Gryman said mildly astounded at the mans gluttony.  I dont want to be rude, but I dont want to take a lot of your time.
Of course, Horglist said, though by the way he looked down at his plate, Gryman guessed taking time was what he did best.  How can I be of service?
Im here to review the progress of Charles, the prisoner convicted of the murder of Celirna, Gryman said.
Yes, that was outlined in your visit request, Horglist said, slowly working his way through the meat and noodles on his plate.
I reviewed most of the interviews conducted to date and noticed some interesting changes in his behavior, Gryman said.  He was aware that although he did not have much regard for Horglist, he needed his cooperation and he needed to appeal to his professional sense.
Before we go any further, lets address behavior for a moment.  This is a prison, and there is a certain level of respect that has to be observed at all levels.  You will not talk down to or scold my staff when they are simply following proper protocol.  If you have a problem with any of their actions, you come to me.  Horglist continued to eat and drink for several beats in the conversation.  Gryman was not sure if Horglist was a smart man playing the part of a fool, or the other way around.  He would play him as a man who needed to have his intellect appeased.
My apologies.  Long distance travel makes me uneasy.  I have difficulty with space travel in general.  A bad ear or something.  Nevertheless, as far as Charles is concerned, within a matter of a few weeks he went from abhorrent to completely controlled.  How does that happen?
Horglist went through the process of how the interviews and treatments work together.  The prisoner was evaluated both mentally and physically, and then a program was designed for that person.  Thoughts were introduced through subconscious manipulation early on.  Once a drug regimen was designed based on the prisoners genetic makeup, this was included in the treatment.  Though rather more technical than Gryman typically cared for, he was impressed with the precise nature and dependable results.  Horglist had warmed to the subject, clearly indicated by how he spoke quietly and provided scholarly answers to Grymans questions, like a teacher speaking to an inquisitive student.
 Gryman was a fast eater and did his best to slow down while Horglist made his way through his meat and noodles.  Much to Grymans annoyance, the man seemed to be savoring each individual noodle, but then he realized Horglist had him pegged.  He was eating slow to aggravate Gryman and to establish his control.  A rather juvenile approach, but it was about what he expected.  Can you give me some information on the interviewers?
Why do you ask?  Wait, let me put that differently.  Youre not asking that out of curiosity.  What is your specific inquiry?  Horglist had stopped eating when he realized he had figured Gryman out.  Then he started again.
I was reviewing the recorded interviews, and there was a woman brought in for a short period.  Only two interviews.  Who was she?  Gryman asked.
Again, be specific.  What do you really want to know?  Horglist said.  He had put his fork down.
Gryman was getting impatient, but did his best to hide it.  People simply did not grill him like this.  Her style was different.  More inquisitive.  The interviews were not scripted.  Is she on your staff?
Horglist slowly waved his right hand over the eating utensils and chose a spoon.  No she isnt.  She was sent in by the Psychiatric Bureau, level 5.  And before you ask, this is unusual but not unheard of.  She was doing research, and he is an interesting subject.
Research into what?  Gryman asked.
Thats really off limits, and Im not going to give you any more information on her.  That is a private matter.  A persons mental evaluation is not a subject for public discourse.  Horglist began to eat the pie a la mode that was placed in front of him.  He eyed Grymans, since Gryman was not interested in his.
Gryman stared back at the man, aghast at his insolence.  Clearly Horglist did not have the proper respect for Grymans position and acumen.  Gryman had spent a lifetime tearing down men like this, but at the moment, painful as it was, he needed to play along.  I understand.  Thank you for the lunch.  Id like to sit in on the interview now.
Very well, Horglist said.  You know were isolated out here.  The turnover, as you might, expect is rather high.  Contrary to that, I enjoy the serenity.  I have infinite patience.  I enjoy my work and am quite good at it.  However, there is only so far Im willing to go.  I know better than to question why she was sent or who sent her.  She was very good, and I wish she had stayed on the staff.  Similarly, youre here on a court order, so I had to allow you in.  Horglist crossed his hands across his mushy belly.  Once the interview is done, do you plan to leave soon after?
Absolutely, Gryman said.  He was not sure how he was going to figure out who sent in the woman interviewer, but he knew there were ways.  I wont waste any more time here.
39
Whats the point of these questions? Gryman asked the interviewer.  The interviewer that day was monotonous.  This was a problem he had noted with innumerable cases like this.  Once he got down to a certain level, the people he had to work with were simply dull.  No imagination or something.  He had to admit this was a flaw in the genetic planning, leading him to think straights were becoming an insipid race of people.  This man stared back at him.
Im here to ask questions.  To gather data, he said.
But why this list?  Why these questions?  Gryman wanted to try again.  Questions like, What did you have for dinner yesterday? and How tall are you?  This was a waste of time.
They are generated to provoke a response.  These are computer generated, based on the inmates progress and drug therapy.  The man was entering information into the database as Gryman continued to review the questions.  He planned to interject a few of his own.
What is the goal here? Gryman asked.
To ask questions, he said, still entering data.
If Gryman thought the man had a sense of humor, he would have taken this as a sarcastic joke.  Since that was not the case, he gave up.  They waited about five silent minutes before Charles was ushered in.
At first Gryman did not recognize the small man they brought in.  His hair was shorter, and his dark skin was several shades lighter than he remembered.  There was puffiness in his face that was not there in the last recorded interview he saw.  For a brief moment, he thought he had made a mistake, and this visit would be a waste of time.  Still, he knew Charles was clever and might say anything off the top of his head.  Charles did not seem to recognize him, but then a few seconds later a cloud seemed to lift from his face.
Liar, criminal! Charles yelled.  Youre a criminal motherfucker!  As quickly as the outburst started it stopped.  The room became quiet again as both Gryman and the interviewer watched Charles.
Is that the treatment working? Gryman asked the interviewer.
Yes.  As soon as the root cause of deviant behavior is activated, that memory center is shut down and the emotional response eliminated, he said as if this was common knowledge.
Fascinating, Gryman said.  For centuries, people had tried to control behavior, criminal and otherwise, through all manners.  Gryman was a student of torture and even included in his masters thesis case studies of how the proper application of physical and mental stress could produce positive results.  Torture had been illegal, but medicine and science had devised a method that went to the core of the problem while still staying acceptable in the eyes of the law and the general public.
Charles was losing focus before his eyes.  Im cold, damn it, Charles said, and slumped slightly in his chair.
The interview started.  How tall are you? was the first question.
What? Charles said perking up for a moment.  You asked me that stupid question last time.
How tall are you?
Charles settled down.  164 centimeters.
Where were you born?
Charles blinked a couple of times.  North province, section 23.
The questioning continued in this vein for several minutes, and Gryman began to understand how this was working, even if the interviewer did not.  The idea was to try to provoke him and to raise inciting memories.  A few times it happened, but they were tamped down.  Brilliant.  The process seemed to work on probing all the areas of his memories to elicit a response.  Scans had long proven that certain memories would activate parts of the brain, shown by increased activity and blood flow.  The drugs must be attracted to those areas when this happens.  The questions became more personal.
Why did you fight with your brother? the interviewer asked.
Charles clenched his teeth for a moment.  He raped a girl.  Got her pregnant.  Cocksucker, he said in a calm voice.
The interviewer was entering some data, so Gryman took the opportunity to jump in.  Did you have feelings for this girl? Gryman asked.
The interviewer looked at the list of questions and, seeing this one was not on there, began to say, Hold on.
However, Charles began to wring his hands.  His lips moved several times.  She was pretty, real pretty.  Great set of tits.  Big ass.  I wanted her.  They both watched him for a moment, then Charles yelled out, But the bitch didnt do nothin but string me along.
He became quiet, and his shoulders started to twitch enough that his head was moving around.  You dont understand, the interviewer said.  This has to be done right, or there will be consequences.
Gryman was only partially listening to the interviewer.  He was more interested in what was going on inside of Charles, and the agony that one question caused him.  What kind of consequences?
Hes in a controlled mental state.  If we push that too far, he could end up hurting himself or others.  People have been known to become physically violent and begin self-inflicting wounds to make the agony stop.  Aneurisms are not unheard of. 
All Gryman could think about was having a person become their own torturer.  An elegant device if there ever was one.  The interviewer continued.
The house you grew up in, can you describe it, please? he asked.
Charles did not answer for several moments.  Thyra, that was her name.  I aint thought of her in years.  My dick got hard just seeing her walk.
The house, Charles, where you grew up?
Again, Charles did not appear to hear the question.  Did your brother steal her?  Did he rape her or steal her to make you upset? Gryman said.
No more questions, the interviewer said to Gryman.  However, Gryman was fascinated by the response his last inquiry was causing.  Charless face was turning red, and he began to foam at the mouth.  If Gryman were to guess, he also had an erection.
I wanted her, Charles yelled, spit flying out of his mouth and landing on the table.  I wanted her so bad, but the cunt wouldnt even say hello.  I wanted her, but he had her.  Stuck his vile pecker in her and had her.  He didnt even care.  He left her.  He didnt even care.  He took off and left her.
Quiet, both of you, the interviewer said in a vain attempt to regain control.
Gryman knew, however, that the meeting was now his.  You beat up your brother for her sake and she still did not care about you.
Guards! the interviewer said, pounding a button on the table.  Charless eyes looked to be popping out of his head, and he started jumping around in his chair, but he was awkwardly held down by the magnetic cuffs on his wrists and ankles.  He grunted, yelled, and shook uncontrollably.  Fluids came out of his mouth and nose, soaking his shirt.  A few seconds later, a guard came in a side door, wrapped his arms around Charles, and pulled him out of the room.  There was a brief scream before the door closed and cut out the sound.
The interviewer grabbed his data pad and left the room.  Gryman was elated.  He couldnt wait to tell his wife about this.  He had never been part of such a procedure, and he made it a point to figure out how he could in the future.  Gryman left the interview room and went back to his quarters, where he spent the next fifteen minutes making notes in his data pad and figuring out how he would be able to exploit this new information.  When he finished, he packed his belongings, because he knew they would be kicking off him the facility at any moment.  There was a knock at the door as soon as he finished gathering his things.  Horglist and two guards came in.
We have arranged for transport immediately.  Horglist turned and left.  That was the last time he saw or heard the man.  The guards took him back to the dock, where the transporter was already running and ready to go.  Gryman gladly took his seat, and they did not even wait for him to buckle in before they lifted off.  This was one of his better business trips.
40
Rogef was a man of his era.  He fully appreciated the technology of the day and the staggering advances this brought humanity, but he knew this came at a cost.  He was ridiculously wealthy because of how he had applied, some would say exploited, these capabilities.  His private transporter was a work of beauty, with every option installed and enough power to outrace all but the fastest military machines.  Still, as he rode out to meet Sariposa, the woman he had sent to interview Charles, he knew no technology could replace a face-to-face conversation.  His meetings with Parren over the com link reminded him of this every time he spoke to the man.  Rogef knew there were others in the room sitting outside the range of the camera or that the man was being coy and trying to obfuscate.  Whenever he met with Parren in person, these kinds of behaviors were hard for him to disguise.  Rogef had known talented liars, was one himself, and Parren had a face like a big puppy.  The man was brilliant but not capable of telling a lie, though thankfully he believed he was.
He arrived at one of his remote offices and was going over some of his investment holdings when there was a knock on the private entrance.
Good morning, he said, letting her in.
Its actually afternoon, sir, she said.  Rogef had met Sariposa only a couple of times before but found her company intellectually stimulating.  Her perception and honestly were uncanny, and when he needed to send someone to evaluate Charles, he knew she was the right person.
Sorry to meet like this, but Im sure you appreciate the need for confidentiality, he said.
 Its a family matter, I understand, she said, coming over to the conference table where Rogef had sat down.  On the shelf beside the table was a picture of Celirna he had put there years before.  She picked it up.  She was certainly an impressive woman, both in looks and ability.  I would have enjoyed her company.  Im very sorry for your loss.
Thank you.  You would have found her an enlightening person.  Im sure the two of you would have had much to talk about.  He tried to not let his travel fatigue get in the way, but it did, and he had to admit at that moment he felt all of his years.  Im an old man.  Tired.  Ive done twice as much as most men, but she was my dearest thing.  Imagine that.  All that I have today, what I am capable to possess, and it all is inconsequential to losing her.  To the matter at hand, I trust you registered your report with the Bureau?
Sariposa sat down.  I did.  It was official and included a full psychiatric analysis of his condition.
Had they started the drug therapy? Rogef knew this was standard treatment for violent offenders and had read the sentencing that outlined the extent.  His hope was that Charles was not too far gone before she had a chance to talk to him.
They had just started, she said.  However, he was still in good control of his thoughts when I talked to him.
I watched the trials, and he is a repugnant man.  Loud, uncouth, he said, stopping, wondering for a moment how much he wanted to say.
But? she said, not missing even a hint of his hesitation.
I have my doubts, he said.  His eyes naturally rested on the picture.  I needed to learn more about him.  Im fearful the truth may never be known.  They have a way of wiping it out.
And the possible injustice, she said, finishing his thought as he guessed she would.
Of course, he said, taking a deep breath, wanting to concentrate on the matter at hand.  Generally, how would you describe him?
Let me say at the outset, Im not in the business of assigning guilt or innocence.  Thats for the legal system to decide, however you may disagree with the outcome.  When I met Charles, he was understandably calmer then when he was on trial.  Still, he was emotional, with little control over his reactions.  His answers were always straight and to the point.  No duplicity.
How would you rate his intelligence? he asked.
I read his evaluation before I talked to him.  Reviewed all his tests.  Pure analytical intelligence, he is about average.  His has an aptitude for spatial intelligence.  Decent rudimentary mathematical skills.  His profession as a lead plumber makes perfect sense, and from all I could gather, he was quite proficient.  His career placement in this role was apt.
Hardly the architect of a well-planned murder, Rogef said, though after saying it, he regretted letting his judgment be known.
Again, she said, Im not in the legal business, but it would seem to be unusual.  However, my time with him was limited, and I could not say that for sure.  Then again, there did not appear to be any psychosis or psychopathic tendencies.
How did he react when you asked him about my daughter? he asked.
I would describe it as empathy.  He knew who she was and was aware of her reconciliation work.  He didnt appear to have been told of her genetic makeup.  Sariposa glanced over at the picture.  I have to say, he seemed moved by her loss.  His exact words were that nobody deserved to die like that.
She was a Bent.  I cant deny that now.  Rogef knew that Sariposa understood that the case was already closed.  Overturning a conviction on a hunch, with no actual evidence to back it up, was next to impossible.  The legal and investigative procedures had become so proficient that the system was rarely even questioned.  Empathy is a good description.  Is it possible he has the capability to, I dont know what term you would use, separate his feelings and emotions from what he may have done?
To perform a heinous crime and express honest empathy would take some kind of pathologic disorder, which does not show up in any of his evaluations.
Rogef had read some of the accounts of Charles.  He is capable of violent outbursts, correct?  That was shown repeatedly in the media.  Jailed numerous times.  Fought in skirmishes.
All true, but those events were almost all spontaneous, spur of the moment reactions, she said.  He is capable of violence and misconduct, but none of those previous events were premeditated.
Rogef knew she would never tell him that Charles did or did not perform the crime.  He had to admit, he did not think Charles did it, but it was simply a guess.  The crime was quite involved.  Planned very precisely.
If that was the case, she said, again finishing his thought, I doubt he was acting alone.
His motivation? he asked.
Both of them knew this was the key to a conviction.  Rogef watched her carefully as she turned the question around in her mind.  This question bridged the gaps between technical legality, psychology and emotion.  He had purposely waited until she had talked herself to the point where her actual feelings rather than professional judgment started to show.  I couldnt detect how he would benefit from this crime.  Certainly not material gain.  Psychotic outbursts are unpredictable, however.
Rogef felt his chest begin to sink.  This was a sensation he had felt over the past few weeks.  A feeling of impending exhaustion.  He knew his time with Sariposa was limited, and he did not want this to get in the way of what he needed to find out.
Assume he did it, he said. I know youre not in a legal position, but lets say he did do what he was charged with.  From everything you said, do you think he possibly could have done this alone?
Sariposa thought about this.  Rogef knew that she was a renowned expert in personality evaluation.  Her essays were part of the canon in psychiatric study.  Im not an expert in criminal methods, but he isnt an intricate planner.  His method, as shown from his life pattern and during the interview, is one of constant impulse.  He is a clever man, though, and had knowledge of the area he was working in.
My daughter was alone on the Merchants deck.  Security has her tracked to entering a clothing store and not coming out.  The store shares a wall with a secure emergency passageway that leads to the recycling hold.  He would have had to defeat the security software in the store and the passageway.  His whereabouts were recorded fairly well, except for a few gaps in his location right before that time.  The records are a matter of public access, though not very easy to find.
They looked at each other for several moments.  Rogef knew her silence was her thinking through all he was implying.  He was not a lawyer or criminologist either, so he did not care about proving anything beyond a shadow of a doubt or circumstantial evidence or any of that kind of data.  This just did not make sense, and he knew she saw it the same way.  That would have required an unprecedented level of access and planning.  There is nothing in his profile that suggests he would even know how to do anything like that.
So, lets look at what kind of person would have that kind of access.  A person of technical skill, correct?
For sure, she agreed.
Someone who could change or delete security records, Rogef said.  He had given this considerable thought and had made enough inquiries to support his suspicions.
It would certainly look that way.  Sir, if I may say, youre going down a path Im uncomfortable with being a part of, she said.
Right, Rogef said understanding he was getting more emotional than he realized.  Im thinking aloud.  Pardon me.  Lets talk about Charles some more.  Is he the type to take orders well?
Up to a point.  He would be agreeable until he thought he knew better.  Then his impulsive behavior would take over.  Generally, once on a task he would finish it.  His ratings as a worker were above average.  This correlates well with his genetic makeup. Sariposa watched Rogef as he looked across out the window.  Sir, you look very pale and tired.  Are you feeling unwell?
This is an exhausting situation.  He looked down at his hands folded in his lap.  There are always people, factions sometimes, who prefer to have such a narrow focus they cannot see the truth.  He knew this was an odd statement to make, one that she could take in many different ways.  You have to understand that I have strong opinions about this matter.  Ones I have to be cautious about expressing.
You think these men were wrongly accused? she asked.
More than that.  Ive never been one to believe conspiracy theories, but if they did it, they did not act alone.  If they didnt do it, they were set up.  Either way, larger, very careful, forces were at work.
You will need to consult with someone who is more versed in criminal methods.  But I agree.  That would require very sophisticated coordination, something Charles is not capable of.
Charles, Rogef said, rubbing his hand across his face.  Did he mention any associations with Straights?
The closest thing I heard was a relationship with a low level supervisor.  Sariposa scanned through some of her notes.  A respectful relationship, on both sides.  There didnt seem to be any kind of personal interaction from the reports I read.
Where is this supervisor now? Rogef asked, thinking aloud.
I have no idea, sir.
What about relationship with the other man, this Buckman?
Well, she started.  They were friends.  It was more a mentor-student relationship.  The second man was an apprentice plumber and Charles was a master specialist.  They often put the two of them together.
There was not much more to get out of her on what Charles did or did not do, but he was still curious about the treatment he was receiving.  This drug therapy he is being subjected to, how effective is it?
Very.  Im afraid he will emerge a changed man, with little recollection of the event.  He tried to judge her reaction to such a treatment, but her face was not giving up any details.
Its a cruel method.  I cant imagine we have stooped to such measures, he said.  He had expressed this to others, not caring what they thought of his opinions.
It is.  But its also terribly effective.  He will still be a productive citizen when he returns, she said.
I doubt that.  Doubt if hell be anywhere close to the man he was when he went in, but, he said, needing to finish this, that is a discussion for another time, perhaps.
Perhaps, she said.  She stood up.  Sir, you look very tired and drawn.  Please take care of yourself.  Get some rest before you travel back.
After she left, Rogef told his assistant not to disturb him for an hour, as he fully intended to get some sleep.  He stretched out on the leather sofa and began to think about the problem of Charles, Buckman, and whoever else might be involved.  He would talk to Buckman himself, since he was in a medium security facility he could access.  After a few moments, sleep took over, and he drifted off thinking of his dear daughter.  When she was in her mid-teens, she began to turn into a beautiful young woman, full of energy, humor, and intelligence.  Somewhere in that time, he could not remember if it was one moment or a slow understanding, he knew he was never going to change who she was, and more importantly, he would not do so if he could.  By that time, his wife was gone, and he explained to Celirna about the treatments and how she would have to live with the secret all her life.  That was the image he wanted to keep of her, but too much had happened.  He did not want to ever see the pictures of how they found her, but the descriptions were vivid and frequent during the investigation and trials.  Try as he might, he was not able to replace this with his thoughts of when she was alive.  He fell into a deep sleep and only awoke when his assistant came into the office and vigorously shook his shoulder.  Rogef sat up and forced himself to stand, his cane barely able to steady him.  He boarded the transport and flew off back to the estate.
41
The Superrum quarterly meeting drew to a close with a review of the funding for various projects.  A line for support of border schools was towards the bottom, and at first Parren had planned to object.  They had more important matters to attend to, and this was one item added at the insistence of Celirna several years ago when he first sat on the Council.  The budget was sent out a few weeks earlier, and each member read it over and provided comments.  Parren always had the final overriding vote for each item; however, most of the members agreed with his decisions.  There were usually minor disagreements, but since the members were handpicked based on genetic predispositions, there were never any serious objections.  They read and voted on each item.  Not all were unanimous.  They came to the border school funding.
The speaker read off the tally.  Twenty-five in favor and three against.  There was a moment where everyone looked around the room.  There were twenty-nine members present.  Finally, they all looked at Parren.
At first, he considered voting against to kill the line of funding.  He almost did.  However, since this was the only item discussed that related to Celirna, he knew this would look peculiar.  I wonder, he began.  I wonder if you could find the total budget requirement for this initiative.  From all sources.  I believe this is public information.  
The secretary began searching the databases and found a number.  It looks like we support about 25% of their total budget.
Parren pretended to give this some careful thought, though he had already knew it was 24.7%.  Can we increase it to 30%?  I believe there were some funds that came available from her unfortunate death.  She wanted it donated to such a cause.  I will make the proper arrangements.  He had planned to tie her insurance payout with his funding to the Council, which would serve the double benefit of helping his initiatives and avoiding a substantial tax payment that was otherwise due.  Rogef had secured the remainder of her assets long before they met and had jealously guarded them, though he did acquiesce to the enormous insurance policy Parren had taken out on her when they married.  Parren was the largest beneficiary at 69.71%, with 30.29% going to her remaining family.  The budget was agreed to in total, and the meeting was adjourned. 
Parren was exiting the meeting room when he was approached by the Secretary for the meeting, Polum.  Polum was a good man, one who was faithful to all their causes, and had worked hard to be an efficient organizer for the Council.  He also came from an extremely influential family of Realty magnates.  Sir, Im sorry to hear your father-in-law has taken ill.
Parren had not heard this.  Since the meeting with Rogef at the estate, he had ignored nearly all communications from the family.  I was not aware of this.  I have been preoccupied with pressing matters.
Polums eyes darted back and forth several times.  Thats understandable.  You have been through a great trauma these past couple of months.
Yes, Parren said.  Rogef has a deteriorating arterial heart condition, a problem that medicine can only repair so much.
Rogef, from what I understand, Ive met him a few times, is a driven man.  Certainly rest is in order for him, Polum said.  
The old fool does not listen to Doctors, let alone any other voices of logic and reason.  Parren recalled how infuriated he was when Rogef tottered away after they met at the pond.  Rogefs lingering ambition, in an old man well past his prime who could not stop meddling in business affairs, was going to kill him.  Polum was staring at him, and Parren suddenly realized how his remark sounded.  Certainly my comment sounds strident, but I worry about him.  He still works hard, way too hard, and now the stress of the recent tragic events.  We have pleaded with him to slow down, but he will not heed our cries.
Certainly, certainly.  I assure you, I speak for everyone here in wishing him a full recovery.  Another Council member walked by to exit the room.  Excuse me.  I need to have a word him before he departs.  
Polum turned and walked quickly away to catch the other man, leaving Parren standing by himself.  Rogefs condition was an unexpected turn of events.  An encouraging turn, though Parren knew this was not the first time Rogef had been given medical treatment for overextending himself.  He would likely recover enough to continue being an aggravating presence in Parrens life.  The old man simply would not die as he was supposed to.  He had survived countless health scares, injuries from climbing adventures and mining accidents.  Rogef had a string of mistresses before and after his wifes death that would have exhausted and ruined most men.  What a profound embarrassment to his race, yet he continued to survive.  Parren retreated to his transporter, excusing the pilot so he could make a private communication.
Morgan, I was just informed of my dear father-in-laws health condition, Parren said.  Parren had no intention of visiting the man, though he knew that some form of concern was required.  Morgan was skilled at this.
Yes sir, Morgan said.  I just heard the news.  One of his cousins contacted your office.  Is there any way I can help?
Since you mentioned it, yes you can.  Im tied up with a legislative race of great importance.  I need to work to ascertain this mans victory to the upper house.  I would be most appreciative if you could drop in on him.  I can make the arrangements.  I will make the X1A available to you.  The transporter was the fastest and most well-appointed one he had.  It was smaller than the one he normally used, and he only kept it for certain runs.
I can be ready in about four hours.  I need to complete a press release before the afternoon news cycle.  They made arrangements and signed off.  Parren called the pilot back, and he left to go back to his home.  He could work from there as needed and not worry about Rogef any more than he needed.  Still, he would contact Gryman to keep an eye on the old man.
42
Morgan was apprehensive about getting between Parren and Rogef, because he knew they had been at odds for years.  The circumstances of Celirnas death did not help matters, especially considering the revelation that followed.  Since he had learned she was a Bent, her general behavior now made perfect sense.  Well, he told himself, at least he thought it did.  The transporter was small but fast, cutting the travel time to Rogefs almost in half, but he still had plenty of time to think.  He knew Rogef had been defending his position on why he hid her instead of giving her up as he was supposed to.  Morgan thought his reasons were understandable, while most of it was, well, unsettling.  Rogef had a genuine love for his only child, and Morgan, though not married, at least in part understood this.  
Rogef issued a few statements to this effect, how his love for his daughter made him go to extreme measures to ensure she would not be taken away.  The odds of him having a Bent daughter were very slight, but it happened.  This was usually detected immediately at conception, and the parents were given a choice of either keeping the baby and giving it up or terminating the pregnancy.  Most chose termination, and a few delivered the baby and gave it up.  Rogef took another path by finding illicit sources to cover her true genetic makeup.  He had since detailed how he and many others had done the same thing.
This was where Morgan became confused.  Rogef had become adamant that what he did was proper, and that it should be a third option.  He pointed to his daughter and a few other examples of how their actions resulted in a positive influence.  After Rogef made his confession, there was a small but growing number who came forward and denounced the genetic divisions as ill-applied science.  Morgan had known Celirna well, and he found that in some sense he agreed with Rogef.  Parren, however, had been such an influence in his life, he looked up to the man as a force of intellect, that there had to be truth in what the Generators had decreed.  Centuries of unchecked prosperity and advancement.  All this was at risk if Rogef were allowed to break down the carefully erected barriers.  Bents were unpredictable when allowed to gather and had a tendency to form into an unruly hoard at a moments notice.  Unscripted violence often resulted where an intelligent negotiation would have sufficed.  Morgan was thinking about this for the rest of the trip.  Maybe that was only a perception.  Maybe not.
Approaching, sir, the pilot said.  The borders of the estate began to show themselves as the ship came down out of the atmosphere:  a large wooded area, with an enormous manicured garden surrounding an equally impressive house.  As they slowed to landing speed, Morgan felt the auto-land take control and start bringing the craft in.  A figure in a dark blue robe came out on a balcony of the house and waved when they were within a few hundred feet of the ground.
Despite his feeble condition, Rogef came out to greet Morgan.  The craft was shut down, and as Morgan stepped out, another unfamiliar man joined Rogef.  I see, Rogef yelled down in his booming voice from the sculpted structure above the estate entrance.  I see Parren could not trouble himself to visit in person.  He sent his messenger.  No disrespect, Mr. Morgan.
No, Morgan said, knowing Rogef would never have been fooled by Parrens attempt at propriety.  I am a messenger by trade.  A very good one, I may add.
You most certainly are.  Come on in.  I appreciate your company.  Just then, a buxom young woman appeared beside Rogef.
Sir, please, you must be careful, she said gently guiding him with an arm hooked around his.
Nurses, Rogef said over the side.  I love em.  She led him away inside the house.
Within a few minutes, Rogef and the second man greeted Morgan in the entry of the house.  The nurse was now gone, and Morgan had his first good look at the man he had come to visit.  The old man was pale and drawn, and Morgan briefly thought he wished the nurse were there in case Rogef crashed to the floor.  
This is Reg, Rogef said to Morgan.
Pleased to meet you, Morgan said.  Do you work for Rogef?  I dont remember seeing you before.
At the moment, Reg said.  
Well get to that in a few minutes.  First, its been a few years since weve met.  Have you been here before? Rogef asked as he led them to an elevator and up several floors.  They chatted comfortably as Reg followed behind them, not joining in on the conversation.  Morgan had been there once, about five years before, when Parren attended a fundraiser.  He had only been there several hours, however.
They stepped out of the elevator and into a hallway.  Rogef stopped.  The chatter was now over.  We can dispense with any formalities.  I know why youre here.  There is little secret of the strained relationship between myself and Parren, but he is wise enough to know he had to do something.  So here you are.
Sir, to be honest, I dont want to be caught between two men I greatly admire.
Rogef smiled and opened a door into what looked to be a private viewing room.  Reg entered the room while Rogef held Morgan back with a hand on his chest.  You peddle shit like the professional you are.  Drop the act or Ill send you packing, young man.
My apologies, Morgan said.  Anything else said would have been a problem, though Morgan knew Rogef really wanted him there but needed to put him in his place.  Sending him away was not what Rogef actually wanted to do.  They sat down in a couple of seats in the viewing room.
I hired a production company to put together a documentary on my murdered daughters life.  She will not be forgotten.  She was a great human being, and her life will not be wasted.  Her purpose both in life and in death must continue forward.  This is a rough cut, so there are some areas that need some work.  Shut up and watch. 
Rogef pushed a button on the arm of his chair, and lights dimmed.  The video started on the wall in the front of the room.  The beginning was brief, and being that it was a rough edit, the credits and opening statements were simple text that looked to be placeholders.  
The documentary started with describing her as a youngster, mostly told by Rogef and several other family members.  The picture that was created was of a rambunctious girl who turned into an equally mischievous young woman.  Morgan had never seen her at this age, and when he saw these images, he felt a strange pang in his midsection.  He suddenly realized where this came from.  For years, he had always looked forward to when she would accompany Parren, and they would break away to have time to talk.  During those moments, he now understood how he felt when Parren came around to escort her away.  It was jealousy.  Pure jealousy.  As he watched the video chronicle her life, this was now apparent.  Parren was a great man, and Morgan admired him, so he had somehow not seen his own feelings.  Morgan looked at Rogef a moment, but Rogef appeared interested in the story playing out on the screen.  He composed himself as best as he could, since Rogef would undoubtedly be gauging his reaction.
The marriage was handled in a neutral manner.  They were married, and then the story went into her activities with the schools, how she became involved with reconciliation work and GoodShare.  The producers of the documentary painted the results of her efforts in much more successful terms than he remembered them.  However, they went into detail on the positive impacts of the schools and other exchange work she had done.  Then the video suddenly stopped.
The story is still being written, Rogef said.  His voice echoed through the room for a moment.
Morgan tried to hold the last image of her, the last time they met.  With all due respect, how will you handle what happened? he asked.
Ill tell the truth, something thats difficult for so many people to hear, Rogef said, staring at the now blank wall, pursing his lips.
Rogef knew something or believed he did, but he was not telling.  Morgan was not sure which.  Youve said many things in the past few weeks that have provoked very influential people.
Influential?  Scared is more like it.  Scared of having to admit they created and lived a lie they must at all cost perpetuate.
Morgan had to respect the mans courage.  You can say anything you damn well please.
I can and I will.  What can anyone do to me now?  Rogef said, his voice calm and confident.
Tell me then, how does the story end?  I have a feeling you have a good idea, Morgan said.
Celirna was murdered.  It was arranged, and she was murdered.  I dont know who arranged it, but they found convenient criminals in those two men.  Rogef turned the lights in the room back up to their full brightness.
How can you say that?  They were convicted by a court of law, given as much leniency as allowed, Morgan said, though even as he said, a hint of doubt crept in.
This man, Rogef said, referring to Reg, was the direct supervisor for the two convicted men.  He has intimate knowledge about them and how they worked.
Neither of them had anything to gain from this, Reg said.
Certainly that is not proof of anything whatsoever, Morgan said.
Please, Rogef said.  Let him finish.
These two men had worked for me for numerous years.  I knew them well enough to judge their capabilities.  All my performance reports are filed and available if you want to see them.  He waited for a moment, but Morgan did not respond.  Very good workers, little in the way of discipline problems.
Again, all good to know, but this doesnt prove or disprove a thing, Morgan said.
They were framed, Rogef said. This was a complicated arrangement.  I will at least admit that they could have been involved, but neither of them has the smarts to put this together.  I sent a professional to talk to the plumber before his brains are turned to mush.  An able man, but not capable of the machinations this took.  The other man...well, Im scheduled to talk to him in a few weeks.
Morgan saw this possibly as being a man grieving and not wanting to believe the truth.  What you are talking about would be devastating.  A conviction has not been overturned in decades.  The methods of detection and rehabilitation are technically sound.
Rogef turned towards him and placed his big knuckled veiny hands on the armrest.  Dont you understand?  Weve been conditioned to think that.  Weve been bred and raised to accept everything as its presented.  Think for a moment.  Think.  How can a plumber, a man who can barely spell his name, work out the codes to fool the security system, go into a restricted area, find her, well you know the rest.
But he had access.  He knew his way around.
You must understand, Reg said.  Guest workers movements are tracked at all times.
Certainly there are ways around that, Morgan said.
Let go of your restrictions.  Think.  Listen to what this man says, Rogef said.  Go on.
A Bents movements are tracked at all times on a ship like that, Reg said.  Their location is logged and saved for years.  He would have to defeat that system and a dozen others.  Charles is a clever man, but he didnt know anything about software or an integrated security system.
Still, he could have been helped, Morgan said.
Reg rubbed his leg and stared at the front of the room.  I guess one could say that.  The timing couldve been made out to look that way.  But I just cant imagine either of these two having anything to do with this.  Either way, even if they had a hand in it, much bigger forces were at work.
Where were they before they first went onto the ship? Morgan asked.
We were in lockdown.  Nobody could go over until all the systems were stable and the two ships were synchronous.  In fact, we had a delay of about an hour before Charles first went over.  Our orders were confused, and we didnt have access to the filtration plant.  I had to improvise his schedule at the last moment and send Charles into the hold a day early.
Morgan took a deep breath.  If that were true, then he could have been set up.  A small sleight of hand to get the worker into the hold at the right moment.  This is...its just...
Unbelievable, isnt it? Rogef said.
Morgan had watched, known, and read enough to understand the men had the bare minimum of education, but what Reg and Rogef were saying had tremendous ramifications.  That flies in the face of everything we stand for.  Can you imagine what would happen?  Who do you think really did it?
Well, Rogef said turning back around to face the front of the room, that is a question.  I have some ideas, but Ill keep them to myself.  But just think for a moment:  Who would have so much to lose?  Many people come to mind.
Im not a detective, but a reason always has to be established, I suppose, Morgan said.  He had to admit, there were many people that would be threatened by her actions.  What are you going to do?
Ive made arrangements to talk to this other man.  Ive already been able to intervene in his treatments, barbaric as they are.
Barbaric?  The reeducation is a hallmark achievement, Morgan said.  He knew this would elicit a response, but he wanted to hear what Rogef said nonetheless.
Rogef exhaled.  Im too old to go on a tirade, but forcing a person through medical and psychological, I dont know, brainwashing.  No, its more like brain canceling.  It destroys people.  Its a lobotomy without the ice pick.  Different method, same result.
Morgan was not sure.  But its legal and been tested in the highest courts.
Its the same thing, dont you get it?  Its the same as sticking a knife in someones head and removing a part of their brain.  Its the same, except for some reason people see the nonphysical method as humane.  Same result, but no blood.
Morgan had no response to what Rogef said.  There was one thing he had thought much about, ever since Celirnas genetics were exposed.  Do you think she was going to reveal herself to the public?
Rogef thought about this for a considerable amount of time.  We talked about that on occasion.  I encouraged her, but she was reluctant.  How she kept this to herself, I have no idea.  Obviously looking at how she led her life, her causes, she was finding a way, so to speak.  Eventually she would have.  She would say, There will be a time when I can.  Maybe it came before she knew it.
Do you think she told Parren?  Morgan asked.
I dont know.  Hes a gutless wonder.  The epitome of everything we have created.  However, she did tell me she knew he was taking samples, running tests.  Two can play that game, you know.  The drug therapy is not perfect, and there will be times when a person is vulnerable.  So in a sense, she let him find out.
Just then, as if monitoring his vitals from a distance, the nurse came into the room.  Sir, you really must rest for the afternoon.
Rogef smiled like he did when Morgan first landed.  How can I refuse such an insistent young woman?  Please lead me away.  He turned to Morgan as the woman helped him out of the seat.  Ill be in contact.  I want you to visit that man with me.  Youll see what I mean.
She led him out of the room, with Reg following, Rogef appearing frailer than Morgan knew he was.  He leaned against her in apparent support, finding a way to slip his arm around her waist.  Morgan had to laugh as he walked back outside to the transport craft.  He was an old man, but he was still very crafty.  Morgan knew Rogef had done his best to manipulate his thoughts, and he had to admit the old man had done a good job.  He looked forward to meeting this Bent who was supposedly involved with the murder.  Supposedly.  An hour before, Morgan would not have used that word.
43
Buckman was in the yard when Ollie and another organizer he had not seen before came over to him.  They stood next to him for a moment.  Buckman was sitting on a bench, gazing at their boots.  You have a visitor, the unknown organizer said.
He looked up.  A what?  Visitors were not unusual, but they were also not a common occurrence.  The prison was remote, and it was only accessible a few days a week, when the Tram came.
Theres someone here to see you.  Follow me, please.  
The organizer led him away out of the yard and into the all-too-familiar hallway.  Only instead of turning to go back to his cell, they continued down numerous other passages until they came to an area he vaguely remembered.  This was the location in the complex that he had been in many months before, when he was checked in.  Nothing had changed that he could tell.  They led him into a room that had no windows and numerous tables and chairs.  Other prisoners were in there, and he suddenly saw there were women as well.
Buckman.  A familiar hand came to his shoulder, and Marie wrapped herself around him.
They stood, held each other, and cried together for almost five minutes.  Buckman kept running this hand through the wild red hair that was as crazy as it had ever been.  She kissed his face and head as he tried to do the same to her.  She held his face in her hands.  What have they done? she said, looking him in his eyes.
I cant explain it, he said.  He was not sure what she meant, since he had not seen himself in a mirror since the day he entered.  However, he had seen other men go from lean and taut to soft, fleshy and pale.  There was no way not to have this happen with the regimen they went through.  They sat down at a table next to each other.
There was a funny silence between them, like they were teenagers meeting for the first time.  I dont know where to start.  So much has happened, she said.  How do you feel?
Tired, confused, he said.  He wiped his face dry with the back of his hand.  They try to take everything away from you here.  Any sensation, any memory.
Ive heard.  Ive gotten some updates, but not much, she said.
How did you get a visit? he asked.
Well, you remember Reg? Hes a good man, and he came and found us.  He said there was someone he was working for now, but did not say who.  He told me what you told him about what happened that day on the ship, Marie said.
Reg.  I hadnt thought of him in a while.  I explained the whole thing to him.  What me and Charles found.  The scraps of his memory were having problems putting it together.
We talked for a long time, and he went into great detail about that day.  The police interrogations.  He doesnt believe either of you did it, but its hard to reverse something like this.  She held his hand.  Buckman could see the change in her face as well.  The lines around her eyes were more pronounced, and there was a hollowness to her cheeks.
Hows the family? he asked.
Theyre going to be fine, but look, there is more I need to tell you, she began.
Hows Charles? he asked.
Two years.  It doesnt look good.  Hell get the full reeducation.  Please, I have to pass this along.  Reg told you about his daughter being a Bent.  Turns out this woman, Celirna, was a Bent also.
Buckman looked at her for several moments, not sure if he had heard her right.  How?  I mean, how can they know that?  I know what that stuff does, thats why we pushed her in.
There were some questions at the autopsy, and they werent sure.  But her father came right out and admitted it.  She was on drug therapy or masking or whatever.  Turns out this has happened before.
Buckman had lived with prejudice his entire life and had seen, experienced, and lived with the consequences.  Even his now-altered mental faculties knew what this meant.
My God, Buckman said.  Whoever killed her knew this.  Thats why.  We never talked about the hand.  The mark that would be on her thumb after marriage.  They tore it out.  I told the attorney, but it never came out in the trial.  He remembered that first image of her draped across the beam, her hand all ripped open.
Reg thought it wasnt random.  He said that.  We talked for some time about why this all happened.  Marie held his hand even tighter, as if what she was about to say would be painful for him to hear.  He thinks theres a real chance you were targeted.  Both of you.  They mustve known the schedule when you and Charles went in there.
The bits of memory came together for a moment.  Buckman knew his therapy had been stopped several weeks ago without explanation, while others continued.  Now this made sense.  He had to remember.  But it was an accident.  I found the leak by accident and only found her because I had to get the meter.
I dont know, she said.  Either way, Reg scheduled out your work weeks in advance.  Maybe it was just chance you actually saw her.
Hows this work? he asked, thinking of Celirna, the images of her alive and then in the hold.  I mean, how did she pass off as a Straight?
You know how it is.  If youre rich enough, you can buy whatever you want.  Her father paid for injections or something to mask her DNA.  Others have done it.  I couldnt explain it to you.  Marie looked around the room, the knot of lines between her eyes becoming more pronounced.
Buckman rubbed her hand between both of his.  He tried to grasp the enormity of this, but having been out of touch for so long, he struggled.  Didnt Parren know this?
Look, she said leaning in closer.  She slipped her arm around his waist and pulled him in closer.  Reg wanted you know.  Charles may not be recoverable.  It looks bad for him.  Youre the only one to see her there, the only one who remembers.  You have to take care of yourself.
Buckman knew what this meant, having heard this his entire life.  Everyone he grew up with lived by this thought.  Her concern was genuine, and he kissed the side of her head.  There was no need to answer, they both knew.  They stayed like that for several minutes, knowing the silence between them was enough to communicate everything.  There was a tap on his shoulder.
Im timing you, the organizer said.
Leave us alone, Marie said.  The organizer took a step back and moved his hand to the stunner.  Buckman knew Marie had a tendency to let emotions over take her.
Five minutes, The organizer said.  He moved over by the wall.
How are you? Buckman asked.  How have you been coping?
Its a struggle.  Its constant turmoil, always people in and out of the house.  I dont know who they are half the time.  They eat our food, and I never see them again, she said.  There was a slight smile on her face, but he felt her slump after she said this.
You.  How are you coping? Buckman asked.
Ive found ways to take care of my needs.  Ive been with a few other men, but Ill always love you.  Wait for you, she said.
Buckman was glad to hear this.  Physical separation was difficult for both of them, but he knew she had physical needs to take care of.  This was common when he was away.  Most Bent men and women did this when their mates were gone for long periods.  Good, he said.
She buried her face into his shoulder and neck.  I still need you.
For the next few minutes, they talked about home and family, until the organizer came up and placed his hand on her shoulder.  She stood up until she was eye-to-eye with the man.  Buckman saw the other prisoners and visitors snicker at the scene she was creating, and he realized how lucky he was to have a companion like her.  She joined the other visitors as they were escorted out of the room.  A few moments later, the prisoners were searched and sent back to their cells.  Buckman sat on his bunk and knew he only had a few months left, and he began doing the mental exercise he had stopped many weeks before.  He vowed to put everything back together as best as he could.  There were gaps, but maybe with time they would fill in.
44
Parren had been working out of his office for the past several days and had arranged for a meeting with Gryman and Morgan to discuss what each of them had learned on their visits.  He had spoken with each of them separately but had not brought them together for several months in a private meeting.  Gryman, uncouth as he could be, was a willing soldier and very skilled in legal matters.  He had an unwavering belief in the separation.  The two of them were perfectly aligned in this, except Gryman was never reluctant to publicly speak his mind.
Gryman he was not worried about.  Morgan was another matter.  Parren had concerns when he sent him to visit Rogef, and in their subsequent conversations, Morgan was indirect in his answers.  Morgan described the documentary that Parren knew was being made, but he was unclear on the details of what was shown.  This was very unlike Morgan, who always seemed to have an answer to every question.  The producers had sent him a release form that he continued to ignore, so he had to be prepared to file a lawsuit as soon as the documentary was released.  Both men were waiting in separate offices downstairs.  He called both of them up.
Were all short on time, gentlemen, Parren said as they entered the room.  Lets get to what we came here for.  Morgan, can you please describe your visit to Rogef?
Sure.  As you might expect, I found him frail but still with the same restless mental energy, Morgan said.
Mental energy, what the hell does that mean? Gryman said.  They had spoken privately about Morgans visit.  Gryman talked for some time about how Rogef and the support he was getting as a result of his actions was an impediment to societal progress.  His disapproval for Morgans visit to Rogef was expressed in a profanity laced fifteen minutes.  Parren had always known there was mistrust between the two men, and he had never told them this, but this was by design.  One naturally kept track of the other and often informed Parren what was going on.  However, he suspected this arrangement might be coming to an end.
Rogef is still a formidable man, Morgan said.  Mentally, he can engage in any argument.  Physically, he has trouble moving about.  Gryman sat back down and took in this last comment.
How is his health, his condition? Gryman asked both of them.
Rogef suffers from a congenital circulatory defect that can only be treated so far.  Parren had acquired Rogefs full medical history in a rare moment of triumph over the man.  They were discussing estate planning several years ago and Parren through Celirna had impressed upon Rogef the need for seeing his medical records.  It was a goldmine of personal information.  Medical technology has astounding capabilities, but it is still unable to replace persons entire vascular system.
Projections?  Give me a life expectancy, Gryman asked.
Thats difficult to judge with these types of diseases.  He could go at any moment or live for another five years.  Parren was no medical expert but had learned enough through the years to understand the principles.
Hes an amazing man who has accomplished a great deal, Morgan started to say.
Who, Gryman yelled from the opposite side of the table, is now intent on destroying everything we have worked for.  Generations have worked to create the greatest society ever to grace this planet.
I have to agree, Parren said, hoping to cut Gryman off.  What he has done is inexcusable.  He is only a few steps away from returning us to the pestilence the Generators put a stop to.
Certainly you can see his point, Morgan said.  Gryman came forward with his hands on the table, glaring at him.  Morgan continued.  I understand what you are saying, as Im one who has benefited from the wisdom of the Generators.  Weve enjoyed an unprecedented peace and advancement since the principles were instituted.  But he loved Celirna.  She was everything to him.  He was afraid that if she was not born, he may never have had another chance of having a child.
Parren knew from the medical records that Rogef was nearly sterile.  He had remarkably low odds of fathering a child.  Parren even saw where there were repeated tests to be sure she was his, and they always came up positive.
Still, Gryman said, look what he has done.  Others have come forward.  I regret he will likely not live long enough to see the results of his actions.  Parren, excuse my blunt honesty, but there it is.  Gryman did his best to settle back on the chair.  
Youre correct.  I didnt hire you to be accommodating, and your belligerence is your most fundamental trait, Parren said.  Still, Morgan, did he say anything else about his plans to continue this disruptive behavior?
No.  Other than the documentary, he did not divulge anything further.  Gryman continued to stare at Morgan for several moments.
I think youre lying.  I think he told you more than youre passing along.  I know for a fact he sent a Psychologist to interview the one murderer.  A man doesnt go to those lengths if he does not have a definite plan.  Gryman stood up and paced the room, often walking behind Morgan who remained seated.
True, hes obsessed with her death, but as far as further information, he didnt allow more than what I said, Morgan said.
Please, Parren said.  You have to understand weve been doing work of our own.  Weve learned Rogefs political manipulations have quietly been working in the background.  He managed to gain access to the plumber by the means of a woman respected in Criminal Psychology.  Her access and the interviews between her and the murderer were stunning.  Certainly her conclusions were given back to him.  Rogef has managed to reduce the treatments for the other man, treatments he sorely needs.  That in itself is criminal, denying a man medical assistance he has been proven to require.  He has been very secretive about all this, and undoubtedly there is more we havent figured out.  My wife died a tragic death.  Those responsible need to be disciplined accordingly.
Certainly, Morgan said almost too quietly for either man to hear.  How do we correct what he has done?
There is no correction, Gryman said, flipping his com pad onto the table.  It skidded about half a meter, spun once and stopped.  All three of them looked at it.  We can only work from here forward.  He
Gryman stared at Parren.  They both were very still for several seconds before Gryman continued.  He is a very influential man.  And Im sure he cares for his daughter deeply.  I can understand how a father might react, but he may be losing perspective.  
Yes, having known him for many years, I can attest to his powers of persuasion, both through charm and force.  I too believe he may not be working with a full appreciation of his actions, Parren said.  That second where Gryman looked at him was a realization they both came to.  Though they had not discussed it to great extent, Morgan had become a person they could not trust.  Gryman must have been convinced in that one moment, and he had made a subtle change in tactics.  Morgan would certainly sense this, but this could be useful.  Morgan could be manipulated to work for both sides in this debate.  Parren still paid him an enormous amount for his services, and the removal of that money could be crippling.  Morgan liked his nice clothes and expensive apartments, an attribute that was a weakness to be exploited.
There is the real possibility this will die out.  Rogef as an influence has diminished.  People will see that and begin to ignore his statements, Gryman said.
Possibly, Morgan said.  My sense is that there are forces who will keep this issue alive.  A few people have come forward, though their actions were illegal.  There are undoubtedly others who are not speaking.
If containment is no longer possible, Gryman said to Parren.  Maybe we need to engage Rogef on a direct level, to see where he is headed with this.
Ive spoken with him.  He did not divulge any further plans, Morgan said to Gryman
Parren, do you have any influence with him? Gryman said.
Parren had given this extensive thought in his private moments.  He had tried to conjure up a method on engaging him to learn more, but their experience together had always been uncomfortable.  There had always been mistrust between them since not long after the marriage arrangements.  No, this requires an intermediary.  Our relationship has degraded to where trust is not assumed.  I hate to be so contemptibly honest and hurtful, but this needs to be said.
His public actions can be easily tracked.  The initial press reaction was tremendous, as you might expect, Morgan said.  Seldom does this level of interest maintain without something to push it along.
Parren, Gryman said, do you have any legislative contacts that are interested?  By that, I mean there are legal problems with what he is doing, and there has to be a committee that works with this.  There are always laws being altered.  Is anyone on Rogefs side or at least listening to him?
Ill give that some thought, Parren said.  Most everyone conforms to the prescribed view.  They dont get elected otherwise.  But there are a few who are willing to listen, or pretend to listen, to these contrary opinions.
Look, I know how the press works, and I seem to have a connection with him, even if it is tenuous.  Ill stay in contact with him, Morgan said.  Parren knew Morgan had come to this conclusion ever since he asked him to visit Rogef.
Put together a list of contacts who may be engaged with Rogef on this matter, Gryman said to Parren.  I can visit them on your behalf.  I should be able to draw some conclusions.  Gryman stood up from the table and put the data com pad back in his coat pocket.  Forward it to me, and Ill get to work.  Parren agreed and Gryman left the room.
Well, Morgan said.  As for me, I can stay in contact with Rogef and determine his mindset and maybe his strategy,
Yes, please keep in contact with him, Parren said.  That will be of useful assistance.  Keep aware however, he will try to influence you as he has tried me.  I invested in some of his business ventures years ago at his insistence, and they did not pay off.  He has done this to many others.  He can be both generous and spiteful in machinations to achieve what he wants.  A great man for sure, but never one to be trusted.
Morgan stood to leave as well.  Ill get back with you if I hear anything further.
Yes, Parren said, not standing or extending his hand.  He never shook hands and had no intention of starting.  Your service is always appreciated, and I respect your input.
45
The investigation took most of a year, and the following report another six months.  All was extremely thorough and detailed; a job to be proud of.  Gryman had led the investigation, something he was being paid to do, and he enjoyed every minute of it.  He dug into all the details of each equipment purchase, overhaul, and transfer of ownership.  They traced individual objects across the border and to the warehouses where they were stored.  At that point, the picture had become murky, but by subpoenaing records and sending investigators into the field, they were able to track where the missing pieces went.  The money trail was where the real trouble began.
That is absolutely ridiculous, Celirna said after she read the report and met with Parren and Gryman.  They allowed her to read it prior to public release.  Ive known this man for fifteen years.  I cannot fathom that he would be even inadvertently involved in laundering money.
The man in question had been a long time member of the board of GoodShare and was found to have ties to various blocked bank accounts that were not on the official records of the organization.  The equipment was donated and tracked to its contracted warehouse.  From there, most went out to the proper locations, but about a quarter were diverted to other storage centers.  Some were food warehouses, farming equipment dealers, and a myriad of other buildings that had nothing to do with medical supplies.  The tracking codes were altered several times, until the point of origin was lost.  Serial number plates were changed.  What they had not counted on were encrypted software codes that contained the serial numbers of the equipment and items that only the original writers could access.  Much of what Gryman was able to do was confiscate enough of these to have them analyzed and identified.  The money for the black market transactions was tracked backwards from the accountants private account, through several other financial institutions, eventually to a Bank in the Northern Province where someone, they could never identify who, was making cash deposits.
Its all there, Gryman said, stabbing his hairy index finger at the screen of the data pad.  The man had been doing this for years.  He made a fortune off of you and others he worked with.
Even before the report was published, information was released and donations dropped away, until the only one left was Council Superrum.  Celirna saw everything she had worked for evaporate in a couple of months.  All their records were confiscated, and they had to close their offices, until it came to the point where she had very little to do with her life.  The report was published about a week after she read it, and further, unrelated, allegations came forward.  One particularly vexing one was that Plymer was not only moving equipment and supplies on the black market but also involved in an adoption scheme.  Straight couples could adopt children who tested Straight but had Bent parents.  However, there was a more sinister practice of falsifying the records so a Bent child could pass as Straight long enough for money to exchange hands.  This investigation was just starting.
A few days after the report was released, Parren was preparing to address his board from his office.  Celirna knew she had to talk to them directly, since this was her last hope of continuing her work.  They had argued about this for hours, but he finally relented and allowed her to address the council.  They were both seated at his desk, and prior to his opening remarks, she was allowed a few minutes before the official agenda was started.
Good afternoon, she started.  She had known all these people for years.  However, rather than the smiles when she had talked to them months ago about GoodShare, many did not even look into the camera.  When they did, it was only a brief glance.  I understand you have all read the report and are aware of the problems I am facing.  I assure you this is difficult juncture for the organization but one we can take measures to correct.  In fact, we already contacted a service that specializes in background checks.
Why didnt you do that before? someone asked.
Well, we did, but this time we plan to use multiple services to cross-check the sources, she said.  Now, even with what happened, we achieved a great deal of progress, and I would like to present some of the data we gathered.
But isnt a cross-check standard practice?  Whats to ensure there are no other places where organization can be exploited?  And so it continued.  Celirna would try to present her plans and what had been accomplished, only to be diverted by detailed questions she could not answer.  She knew she was beaten, but she continued for the full fifteen minutes she had been allowed.  She thanked them for their time and left.  
With her part of the meeting complete, she stood up to leave and walked around the desk, where she could see Parren but be off the camera.  He continued with the first item on the agenda and seemed to ignore her.  In fact, he did not even look away from the screen.  
Celirna left the office and quietly closed the door behind her.  Though she knew GoodShare was done, this final blow was difficult to take.  All these people on the council she had just addressed had been acquaintances for years.  Some had gladly come on board when she started to get the organization running.  Parren was the force behind the council, but she had somehow hoped they would stay on her side.  She returned to her office and sat down on a couch along the window.  For several minutes, she stared out over the expanse of woods and fields to a few large homes a kilometer away.  Her life had been good as one of the privileged few of a privileged people.  Who am I to complain? she said aloud to the room.
Her next thought, though, was what use were resources and access if a person did not do something with them?  Too many people she knew only went from vacation to vacation, not really trying to make a change in the world.  A world that, sadly, a part of her had helped create.  What a waste if a person with her means did not at least try to make a change.  
She took the remote control and started running through some of the promotional videos they had released in the past few years.  Yes, something had gone terribly wrong, and she had not known about it.  People would go to jail, as they should, and money never to be recovered went to greedy hands.  As she sat through the images and data, she began to realize that despite the horrible ending to her organization, a great amount of good had been achieved.  People had food and medicine they otherwise would never have had access to.  Lives were changed for the better, changes that could impact generations.  She watched all of this, knew the effort had not gone to waste, and yet a person very close to her brought it all down with relative and efficient ease.  Had the man no conscience?  Neither he nor that hairy bastard lawyer could any longer be trusted.
Celirna loaded the videos onto a memory card and went back to Parrens office.  She stepped in, knowing she was off camera but able to see him.  Parren barely glanced over to her coming in; the discussion on water rights was too engrossing to interrupt.  There was a view screen a few meters to the left and behind the one he was using.  She plugged in the memory card, brought up the videos she had been watching, and set the machine to play continuously.  Parren was trying his best to stay on the conference call, but his attention was drawn to what he was seeing.  Images of sick people receiving care.  Bounties of food for Bent children.  She stood beside the screen and saw his attention divided between the meeting and her.  Someone asked if he had heard what they had said, and he asked them to repeat it for him.  They did, and he did his best to rejoin the conversation.  She stood by the screen longer, knowing even his powers of focus were fallible.  Parrens eyes darted back and forth, a mannerism no doubt seen by those on the other end.  The video reached the end and started over.  This time she turned to sound up just barely loud enough to hear but not quite understand.  Parren had to keep asking people to repeat questions.  The meeting limped along.  Celirna left the room, knowing this was the end of their life together.
46
Buckman stepped out of his cell as he had done every day over the past seven months.  The lights had come on in the cell fifteen minutes before, and by now his body was timed and conditioned to know when the cell door was going to unlock and he would step out into the hall.  The light had come, he relieved himself in the small toilet, and now he was standing in an empty hall with two organizers.  I dont understand.  Where is everyone?
Typically, all the prisoners would step out and be escorted, as a group, down to the cafeteria, where food would be waiting on the table.  Buckman had read books and seen movies from long ago where a prisoner was escorted to his death just in this kind of scenario.  The death penalty had long since been abolished, but there were still methods of punishment everyone feared.  The surgical lobotomy was still discussed.  Come with us.  Youre going to take a shower.
The organizers led him away by each taking one of Buckmans arms and guiding him down the hallway.  They typically had showers once a week in a communal room.  The last one was two days before, so this was very unusual.  The previous months had taught him that further conversation with the two organizers was useless.  He had come to understand that not only would they refuse to answer why they were doing this, but they also probably did not even know or care.  They had an order to take him from here to there, and that was what they were doing.  They went through various bleak halls until they came through a locked door and stepped into a communal area.  There were other prisoners, but they were lounging around.  Some were playing pool, others board games, but they looked different.  They had facial color, and their bodies were not drawn and out of shape.  Everyone stopped talking and turned to look as Buckman and the two organizers passed through.  The room even had a window viewing the outside.  It was a stark, snow-covered tundra as far as he could see, with what looked to be a tunnel leading out to the horizon.  Snow was whipping fiercely.  The three of them continued until they came to another door.  In here.  Take a shower.  You have five minutes.
Buckman found himself in a private shower stall, with soap, a washcloth, and a towel all set out for him.  He hurried through and came back out into the hall.  The organizers led him once more.  They were in a portion of the prison he had not seen before.  The halls were more like an office building, even though the rooms were clearly for prisoners.  The doors were open, and men in prison garb were walking in and out of rooms.  Organizers were present, but there was none of the apparent mental torture he was used to.  He was never even aware that this part of the prison existed, or that there was a lower level of security.  A few minutes later, they left him in a room and closed the door.  It was supremely quiet, and out of habit be began his mental shuffling as he had been doing since the treatments stopped.  The door opened again.  The Warden, whom he had seen once, came in, followed by a younger man and an older man who walked with the help of a cane.
Sir, Im not sure why you requested this meeting, the Warden said, but I can assure you there are much better circumstances under which to talk to him.
Warden, trust me.  This will work fine, the older man said.  His face looked familiar, but not so familiar that he could put a name to it.  Not someone he would have known, but someone he had seen somewhere.
The Warden adjusted his ill-fitting suit.  If Buckman had to guess, he would say that the Warden had worn the brown, lumpy suit to impress his important guest.  Sir, I advise to have an organizer in the room at all time.  You are in the room with a convict.  We can review the records in more agreeable surroundings.  The Warden patted down his combed over hair to little effect.
Please leave us alone.  And hes not in here for murder, the older man growled.  The man said these few words without looking at the Warden.  The Warden stood still for a moment until he got the message that it was best for his career if he left the room.  He did, and the older man continued staring at Buckman.
Who are you two? Buckman asked.  He had not seen outsiders since Marie had visited.  His curiosity got the best of him.
Young man, my name is Rogef, and this is Morgan.  An explanation is in order.  I am the father of the woman who was murdered.  Well get to that in a moment.
I was convicted of false identification, Buckman said.
Correct, Morgan said.  However, the association with the murder is undeniable.  You were present when the body, Im sorry, when Celirna was discovered.
Rogef, though clearly feeble, sat with his back straight and his head tilted up.  He was waiting for an answer.  I was there.  Rogefs eyes looked familiar, and it came back to him.  She had the same eyes.  The same color he saw that morning in the hold when she rolled off the beam.  Her eyes, that sky blue color, were the last thing he remembered of her as she sank into the liquid.
Ah, you do remember, Rogef said, his voice a harsh whisper.  He had to know their conversation would be monitored and recorded.  Thats what I want to talk about.
Buckman was not sure what else he should say.  As he looked from the wrinkled face of Rogef to the manicured one of Morgan, fragments of his time on the ship floated around in his memory.  There were Charles and Reg, and Celirna on the beam, but he was not sure how he got there.  The wrench.  He dropped the wrench.  No, it was a meter or monitor.
Having problems? Morgan asked.
Yes.  I cant remember it all, or at least I cant put it all together.  Buckman was still dazed that he was sitting with Rogef, her father.  Im sorry sir.
For what? Rogef said.
Buckman realized he may have sounded like he was apologizing for killing her.  Im sorry for your loss.  I dont got kids, but I have family.
Rogef considered what Buckman had said.  Its very difficult, as Im sure you understand.  I know about your wife, well, your mate, as you might say, and your relations.  I even know how your mother died.  Thank you for your concern.
May I ask a question, sirs? Buckman said.
Certainly, Morgan said.
I heard, please excuse me if Im wrong.  But I heard she was a Bent.  There was no expression for a moment from both of them.  Morgan leaned back so he was out of eyesight of Rogef.
Yes, she was.  Her death and my admittance of that fact have sparked considerable debate, Rogef said.
To be honest, you may not understand this, but your and the other mans actions have led to people questioning our form of governance, Morgan said.
Dont talk down to him Morgan, Rogef said.
Well, by this, I mean you have been locked away for months, and this discovery and Rogefs admission have had profound effects, Morgan said.
I did an illegal act, I admit, Rogef said.  But Im old and unimaginably wealthy and could die at any moment, so I dont give a shit.  He turned towards Morgan.  You understand, right?  It was illegal, but it was right.
I cant go into the ramifications for or against, Morgan said.  Buckman had no idea what was just said, but he knew this was a defensive statement of some kind.
You have an opinion, but you have no courage, Rogef said.  He turned back to Buckman.  Tell me exactly what happened that day.  Ive seen the trial tapes many times.  Ive had people talk to Charles, but I want to hear it from you.
Charles?  Hows he doing? Buckman said.
Not well, I have to tell you.  Lets focus on you, shall we?  Tell me what happened from the time you entered the hold, Rogef said.
Buckman began to recite what had happened, starting from the time he entered to perform the recharging process.  The memories came back in sudden jolts, and he had to back up several times to correct himself or to add more information.  Morgan became impatient and even left the room for several minutes.  Rogef stayed in place and barely even blinked through the entire time.  Rogef asked a few questions that seemed to be more related to why and how he did his job.  These questions prompted more memories, and even Buckman sensed the questions were as much for curiosity as to help him.  Buckman came to the moment when he first glimpsed her.
Sir, do you want me to continue? he asked.  The actual discovery was gruesome and at times still woke him up at night.
Dont spare any details, Rogef said.
Buckman hesitated and then continued on.  I bent down as far as I could, and when I looked to my side, I saw something.  Something shiny.  It sparkled.  I called, no, I think I waded over to where I saw it, the sparkle.  There she was.
Dont stop.  Rogef bent forward.  I have to understand.  I have to know what happened.  What did she look like?  How had she been treated?
She was lying on the beam, chest down.  Her hair was just hanging down into the liquid.  She was the same age as Marie and my sister.  I came around the other side and pulled her hair away and saw who it was.  Buckman had to stop as the image of her deformed head came slamming back.
What was it? Morgan asked.  Buckman was surprised, but he realized Morgan looked even more concerned than Rogef.
Her face.  It didnt, you know, look right.  It was her for sure, but I cant say, Buckman said.
They smashed her head in, Rogef said.
Buckman nodded.  It was her left hand also.  It was, they ripped it apart.  The place between the thumb and finger was gone.  The marriage mark was ripped out.  She bled.  A lot.
He had to stop.  Rogef had been stoic throughout the entire story until he got to that last part.  The man shifted in his seat, put his head down, and placed his hands on his face.  He then reached across and placed a hand on Buckmans arm.  They stayed like that for several minutes.
I hadnt heard that before, Rogef said, his head still down.  In a way, it was my fault.  I constructed the lie about her identity.  Her identity.
Still, thats no reason to do this.  You cant blame yourself, Morgan said. 
The comments surprised Buckman.  Rogef raised his head and looked at Morgan.
Exactly.  How can people treat each other like this? Rogef said.  He sat back up and let go of Buckmans arm.  She was discovered, and they took retribution.  Cowards.  Weve created a society of cowards.  We cant deal with the real problems, so we make up imaginary ones to fight.
Continue with the story.  What did you do then?  We know at some point you pushed her in, Morgan said.
Buckman told them how they went back to the parts room and discussed it, how they came to the conclusion they did.  We made a choice, and I regret it.  I sincerely regret it.
It was the only thing you could do, Rogef said.  You were set up.  They were going to find her, and the two of you would have been caught and convicted.
We could have reported her, Buckman said.  He had replayed this in his mind so many times.
Dont even think that.  Dammit, Rogef said, breaking his control for a moment.  They had you no matter what.  Think of it this way.  If you hadnt done what you did, the autopsy would not have happened, and the questions would not have started.  I wouldnt have admitted to what I and thousands of others have done.  It was a commonly known but never discussed secret.  Now it isnt, and well never be the same.
Buckman could not grasp the enormity of what had happened since he had been locked up, but he got a sense of it.  Okay.
Rogef chuckled.  He said to Morgan, He changes the world and says Okay.  Let me put it this way, we will never live the same way after what you and I did.
The hand.  Dont know why, I guess its important, but I dont think it was talked about much, Buckman said.
You dont understand, Rogef said.  Marriages are arranged.  An identification chip is inserted there and a small marking, a tattoo really, is put over it.  Usually its only a dot and every womans looks the same.  My dear daughter, in her flamboyant manner, made it an elaborate vine and flower.  Very intricate.  Very unique.  Whoever did this knew who or what she was.  That was the one outward symbol she was a Bent.  That was the specific target.
Buckman knew of the custom but never thought of it as any kind of symbol or marker.  Many people he knew had tattoos, and many women who pledged to one man did the same marker in the same place.  It was nothing to him until Rogef explained the significance with Celirna.  Im sorry, sir, was all he could think to say.
Tell me about what happened next, Rogef said.
Not much to tell.  We came back down to the hold, waded over.  We each put a hand on her and rolled her off.  Buckman paused a moment, that familiar image coming back.  I just, we just, felt terrible to have her go like that.  She didnt do nothing bad to anyone to deserve that.  We both felt that way.  Honest.  We didnt do nothing to her, and felt terrible.  Im sure Charles feels the same way.
The door opened and an organizer stepped in.  Time.
I believe you, Rogef said, struggling to his feet.  I believe you.  Take care of yourself.  I think you get out in two months, and youre the only one with reliable mental faculties who saw her.  I arranged to upgrade the remainder of your stay here.  Be well.  Whatever you do, remember who you are.
Morgan stood as well and looked at Buckman a moment before leaving the room with Rogef.  An organizer came in and escorted Buckman back to the prisoner area he had walked through earlier to a room with an open door and people to talk to.  For most of that day, he stayed in the room out of habit and conditioning.  He was afraid to walk down the hall to the common area, but eventually he did.  Buckman stood at the big window for several minutes.  The sun was not discernible in the gray snow-swept sky, but he knew it was there.  The tunnel had lights on the inside, and he saw a vehicle pass through it.  His eyes followed it as far as he could until it blended into the horizon.  That might have been them in there, and at first he was glad.  Then a chill went through his spine.  He knew what had happened to her and that this was not a game.  Buckman turned around, looked at the other men in the room, and wondered what their stories were.
47
Morgan had never visited a prison before.  The thought of incarceration petrified him.  He knew how prisoners were treated, and he had seen films since in elementary school.  These were required viewing since almost before he could read.  Buckman was the first prisoner he had ever talked to.  The man, though rough and minimally educated, seemed to be decently behaved person.  The review of his record before they interviewed him showed he was a model prisoner, with only one disciplinary incident.
The tramway ran by itself through the tunnel.  The ride back to Rogefs transport was going to take about four hours.  They would have flown out there in 30 minutes, but in the winter, the weather was too severe.  He could see out of the windows and through the sides of the tunnel.  Snow was piled most of the way over the top in a few places, and he had been told that it would be ten feet deeper by the time winter peaked.  For now, it was just the two of them, riding on a maglev track, with only the hum of a motor somewhere pushing them along.  Rogef had fallen asleep almost as soon as they left the prison.  Morgan picked up his com pad and began to check and send messages.  He stopped and looked out the window again.  The sun had barely lit up the gray sky a few hours ago and was now quickly fading away.  He put the com away.
Rogef had reclined his seat fully and was probably not going to wake up for at least an hour.  Morgan knew what the old man was doing.  He knew Rogef wanted him to see his cause and side of the story.  The problem was that it seemed to be having an effect.  Morgan had spent a career doing the same thing to other people, so he knew how this worked.  The technique was simple and almost second nature for him.  Bring someone into your sphere of knowledge.  Have that person in close personal contact and provide a steady stream of information.  Have them become part of the decision-making process, or at least lead them to believe they are.  The other side of this is that Morgan knew what was going on, and now he realized he wanted it to happen.
The description of Celirna was haunting, and Morgan kept going back and forth between Buckmans description and whether he believed him.  The man truly looked devastated.  He went with this thought for a few minutes.  All the transcripts of interviews with him basically were the same.  If what he said was true, that would implicate a much stronger force at work rather than a crime of anger or impulse.  The hand was interesting.  There was something deeply wrong with how this all happened, and it extended beyond the crime.  The system of separation could be called into question, validating years of protest and skirmishes.  Morgan had a good life, as did countless others, but this and Rogefs actions could put it in jeopardy.  Maybe that was what the old man had in mind.
Rogef woke up and looked at Morgan.  He smiled.  He was tired, but the smile was genuine.  Do you have the guts to imagine who really did it? he asked.
Morgan had always been the one to come up with the answer.  He always had the words to make things happen.  Now he just did not know.  Men convicted of crimes they did not commit.  Another punished for simply doing his job and being in the wrong place.  I dont know if I do, Morgan said.
Thats the most honest thing youve said since Ive known you.  Theres hope for you yet.  Rogef readjusted his position on the seat and fell back asleep.
Morgan was not sure how he was going to be able to go back and talk to Parren.  He would need to be sure Gryman was not around.  The thought crossed his mind that Parren was involved.  Her murder was not random, leaving the obvious question of who would gain from this.  Morgan knew Parren well enough to understand he was a master at reading people and getting them to do his bidding.  That was why Parren hired him.  Any direct path back to Parren would be difficult at best to establish, assuming he was involved.  The man had many contacts who would be embarrassed by her.  Not damaged really, but embarrassed.  Parren had the most to lose by her being a Bent, her actions, and what seemed to be her coming admission. 
After about thirty minutes, Rogef woke up and brought his seat back upright.  Doing some thinking, are you? he said, rubbing his eyes.
There are a number of possibilities, Morgan said.
Are there?  I dont think so, Rogef said.
What are you trying to do? Morgan asked. Is it simply her death you want to resolve, or is there a greater cause?
Both.  They cant be separated, Rogef said.  He stood up from the seat and got a drink of water from the sink in the corner of the car, splashing a little water on his face in the process.  This seemed to refresh him somewhat.  He watched the sides of the tunnel go by, the piles of snow the same as those seen miles back.
You want to change everything weve achieved, Morgan said.
How can this be right?  What weve done.  Sure, there have been great accomplishments, but at what cost? Rogef said.
We havent had a major war in a century, Morgan said.  Thats unprecedented in human history.
Certainly.  I agree.  Monumental.  However, weve traded one form of death for another.  If you look at the numbers of children dying of starvation and disease, petty skirmishes killing people, its about the same.  Whether a thousand people die in one day or one a day for a thousand days, it adds up to the same thing.  One leads off the news, and the other is mentioned after the weather report.  Rogef sat down again.
All weve done is sanitize it, Morgan said.  He was surprised he even said this.
Exactly, Rogef said.  I have to say, I believe the Generators had all good intentions in mind, but weve come this far, and its not working.  Order was supposed to rule the day.  Everyone had a place.  A purpose.
You want to change all that.  You think this can be corrected.  Whats the answer?  Certainly you have some ideas, Morgan said.  Plans were everything.  The only way to make substantive change was through careful analysis and approach.
I have no idea.  Not a clue.  Its such a fundamental change that there is no guide to follow, Rogef said.  It terrifies me, but it has to be done.
Morgan could only imagine the efforts it would take to reintegrate.  Actually, it was difficult to think of the ramifications, and to Rogefs point, there was no way to predict an outcome.  Its going to happen regardless.  He asked the obvious question.  Who did this?
Rogef laughed.  Parren.  Well, he is certainly knowledgeable of what happened, but too remote and passionless to be directly involved.
Morgan blinked a few times.  The admission was such a shock; he had to think about how best to respond.  I agree he has much at stake, but to submit to this level....
Maintenance of the Order is everything to him.  Hes a direct descendant of Dr. Loomis, one of the architects.  Parren has taken some perverted secret family oath to defend the work of the Generators, Rogef said, with a single hard laugh.
Morgan had heard this but had seen not proof.  How do you know this?  Rogef looked at him.  Morgan fully understood whom he was talking to.  What do I say to him next time we meet?
Whatever you want.  He and his gorilla lawyer already hate me.  They know I suspect them.  Your being here is part of the plan, so go ahead and tell them everything.  Morgan was in awe of the old mans courage.
Then what?
You can either work with them to defend the indefensible, or you can quit and come work for me.  But if you work for me, theres no turning back.
48
Parren had been sitting in his home office for several hours, alternately holding remote meetings and watching news broadcasts from around the country.  Since the revelation of what Rogef had done, others had come forward, even though this was still against the law.  Parren had spent the last week working with legislators to increase enforcement of the principles.  There was talk to prosecuting some of people, though the proper method of doing so was not clear.  People like Rogef were almost immune to this type of threat.  The effort now was to target the doctors and practitioners who allowed this to happen.  Gryman became involved in interpreting the laws and meeting with the judges in several cases.  Real prosecution was several weeks off, but this was a good start.
Morgan would be stopping by, supposedly to work on a media release to foretell where this would inevitably lead.  There were a number of protests and clashes centered on reduced restrictions and a more transparent border.  Parren had had his librarians find the original documents and studies that formed the foundation of their society.  He had read these over many times and knew the basis of every proposal and plan put forward.  Study after study supported what had come to pass, with projections of what would happen if they were not followed.  While Parren had to admit that not everything turned out as expected, much of it had.  There was too much gained and too much to lose if this were reversed.  
Have you seen this? Parren asked when Morgan came into his office.  There were constant reports of an increase in skirmishes and violence in border areas.  At least there was enough there to use for his purposes.
Morgan watched the report of a police action where a group of Bents broke into a store and ran out with clothing and food.  Where is that? he asked.
A border town.  Doesnt matter where.  It is happening at an alarming rate, Parren said.  Morgan took a seat across from him, where he could see both the screens and Parren.
What prompted the attacks? Morgan asked.
I cant say specifically, Parren said.  Unrest is a difficult reaction of define.  Generally, we both know.  This is continuing evidence of intrinsic behavior.
Morgan watched the broadcasts for a few moments.  Whats your next step?
Its complicated, Parren said.  When everything began, her murder, the convictions, and then the revelation, I thought it would be a brief outburst and then die back down.  I fear, though, this may take more effort to contain.
Do you think it can be contained? Morgan asked.
Parren swung around in his seat and faced Morgan.  Morgan started slightly at this unusual directness from Parren.  Interesting question.  What do you think?
We have to look at all possibilities.  On the one hand, these people are stealing food and clothing.  On the other, their actions strain relations and cause further problems.
Parren stared at him as he stood up.  He went over to his desk and picked up a thick, bound document he had been reading.  He came back and handed it to Morgan.  Do you know what youre holding?
Ive seen this many times.  Read great parts of it in school.  He leafed through some of the pages and came back to the front, ran his hand lightly over the signatures, and felt the indentation in the pages.  They were real.  This is the first of five signed original copies.  The foundational document.  Is this it?  This is the Book of Proofs? Ive read copies of it since childhood.  
That is my great-grandfathers signature at the top.  Copy number one.  The document you hold is the underpinning for the separation.  The twenty men who signed it are the Generators.  They conducted the studies and proposed the laws we live by today.  Everything we have worked for and achieved is based on the document you hold in your hands.
Morgan carefully paged through the document.  It was organized by details of the science and statistics in the front, and then the ensuing laws to back it up.  Chapter after chapter of proof, which were followed by the legal decrees, each with a detailed explanation.  I never knew this was in your possession.
Few people know this.  They think the original is on display in the archives, but that is a replica.  Parren took the document back from Morgan.  Everything in here is indispensable.  Written by great men, each of whom had insight and wisdom we only dream about today.
This is true, Morgan said.  He stood and looked at the screens on the wall.  Did they predict this?  And if they did, how would they have dealt with it?
Parren turned to a page and began to read.  There will be times when the natural order established will be challenged.  As with any system, equilibrium can be disturbed, but then it will settle down with the proper restraints and adherence to the principles of separation.  When these times arise, history has shown that proper enforcement and controls will restore order.  Organization during these times is of utmost importance.  Those who are unable to align their efforts will be restrained and brought back to order.  Equilibrium will be naturally maintained by strict compliance to the separation.
Equilibrium, Morgan said, quietly.  Is that what this is all about?
Absolutely.  Parren put the book back on his desk.
But things change.  We have to make changes too. He looked at the screens again, and the continuing reports of unrest.
Small adjustments, sure.  However, the overriding principles are unquestionably secure, Parren said, his voice rising some.  Morgan looked up.  Parren rarely became agitated by anything, but he had an idea Morgans convictions were in doubt.  Did you learn anything on your visit with Rogef?
It was very interesting.  The man we visited, Buckman, is a typical Bent.  Crude, low education.  Manual laborer, Morgan said.
He claims innocence.  Ive read his interviews.  Honestly, what do you think after meeting the man?
Morgan hesitated on answering.  Parren had seldom seen Morgan lack for a proper response.  I have to admit, in person he is convincing.  The details he espoused were riveting.  He admits to being there, and seeing, if youll excuse me, your wifes body.
How can you trust a man like that? Parren said, practically spitting the words out.  The system has decided.  There is no question of his involvement, his and the other mansthe plumber.  Both of them together.  What do you make of them?  What does Rogef think?
Rogef, Morgan began.  Rogef is a man of conviction.  By that, I mean he has his doubts about what happened, and he cannot rest until he finds out.
Parren slammed his hand down on the book.  How can he say such a thing?  Does he have no shame?  Look what he has done.  He has and continues to desecrate everything this sanctified edict has set forth.  There seems to be a demonic lust, a determined cruelty to tear this up and return to days of wars and killing.
He came away from the desk and walked over to the screens.  See this? Parren said, waving his hand across the wall.  Can you imagine if this were allowed to fester and grow?  Can you imagine?  You know your history and what this can turn into.
Morgan clasped his hands together.  Parren, please.  You clearly are under tremendous strain over this.  Please sit down.
Parren did and leaned forward resting his elbows on his knees.  The problem Im having is that I see my lifes work, my families work, at risk of unraveling.  Look what I have been a part of.
Morgan took the controller and flipped through various other channels.  The sound was off on all the channels, but he knew what was going on.  Times change.  These people, the ones you see running around.  Thats simply a small minority.  Most Bents are living their lives day to day.  Thats all they want.
Parren stood back up again and walked over to the screens.  Morgan, what are you saying?  That we engage them in this conversation?
In a way I am suggesting this.  The man we met with was a decent person caught up in a sordid scheme.
Parren went back to the book and turned to various pages, carefully smoothing each one out with his hand.  This is a book of guidance.  Prophecy, really.  The facts are clear.  He went through a few more pages.  No.  Not unless they understand and agree with what is in here.  Ive had this discussion many times.  You have been in some of those talks.
Morgan looked off to the side.  I dont know anymore.  I believed that for most of my life, but now I have doubts.  My life has been remarkable because of that, but is it right for one group of people to be rendered to such conditions?
Parren came to the front of the desk.  Rogef is not a man to be trusted.  Hell treat you like he has dozens of others who have crossed his path.  Keep that in mind as you become closer to him.  I ask that you not return here.  Youve been of good service to this point.  It is sad you have lost perspective of the purpose we serve.  What I do, and what you were doing, was for the betterment of everyone.  If you no longer wish to be a part of that, please go.
Morgan stood.  Consider where this is headed.  What you see on these screens has been happening for years.  Now youre focused on it.  Its time to solve this, not apply stronger versions of what caused it in the first place.
Parren raised his voice.  I asked you to leave.  This was something he rarely did, and it felt unnatural.  Direct confrontations were difficult.  Morgan had nothing left to say, but he stood across the room from Parren for a moment.  At first, Parren thought he had overstepped his bounds and Morgan would try something.  This was not the case.  He turned and left the room to be escorted off the premises.
49
Agitation was difficult for Parren.  After Morgan left, he ignored the remainder of his work for that day and concentrated on the reports coming in.  Eventually another report on the incident that triggered all this was presented.  Parren watched with the sound off, as he had heard this all before.  They showed pictures of his wife, Charles, and Buckman.  Buckmans mate, a wild-looking woman with red hair, was interviewed as well.  Parren turned the sound up and listened as she repeated the injustice of it all.  In her words, of course.  A mate.  Why cant they marry properly like civilized people?  Celirna was the rare example.  Most possessed addled minds, barely competent enough to function on a level to even feed themselves.  Control of such deviant behavior was at the very core of what had been built.  The human race would forever be moribund if they allowed people like that, those Bents, to mix freely and be a part of them.
The debate would rage on, and despite what he had told Morgan, he knew this was going to be drawn out.  The signs had been there for years, but he thought he was able to make changes to contain the problem.  He paid politicians and had enough influence to effect law.  This had worked remarkably well.  If it hadnt been for her, this would have been controlled.  Parren turned all the screens off and sat for a moment.  He turned one of the screens back on and switched it over to some saved images of Celirna.  He looked at it and then deleted the file.  He went through the entire list of images he had of her until he came to the last one.
The image lingered on the screen for a full five minutes.  He could not take his eyes off her.  She had betrayed him, tricked him.  Despite this, other memories came back.  Them on vacation together, social and business functions in which she mingled with adroit ease.  A trait he was often jealous of, but was able to use nonetheless.  Moreover, he wondered about her.  She was dangerous, and all the ramifications since her death proved this.  Had she revealed her identity while she was alive, this would have been many times worse.  Sometimes a person has to be stopped.
Parren deleted the file and knew he had to work to erase her from his life.  He sent all the staff home and went around the estate, gathering all the evidence or he could find.  Ever since he had moved back in after her death, he had found it difficult to remove her belongings.  Now that he started, he could not stop.  He picked up every article of clothing and tossed it into the roaring fire in the back sitting room.  Every photograph of her was gathered up and burned.  All her makeup bottles, toiletries, souvenirs, small personal items, he put into boxes.  He kept the jewelry and anything of true value.  One by one, he carried the boxes down to the boat they had in the lake.  It was dark by then, and he motored out to the middle and tossed each box in, watching each one disappear into the black water.  That was where she deserved, and was supposed, to be.
Parren came back into the house and went up to his office, where he found the reports.  These were unusual paper copies of anonymous tests he had performed on her.  He had long since erased the electronic copies.  Over a period of a couple of years, he had performed DNA tests on her to see if he could detect a pattern.  Whenever they had sex, he would go into the bathroom, swab some of her vaginal fluids from his penis, and have this tested.  Since an unannounced blood draw was not possible without raising suspicion, this was the best source for testing he could find.  Labs would perform anonymous tests and send results back.  A pattern began to emerge.  The agent used to mask the results had a limited duration.  As the effectiveness wore off, the percent certainty of the test would drop.  Then it would go back up for a few months and drop off again.  A persons DNA does not vary enough to cause this amount of uncertainty.  Twenty tests.  He plotted out the results and saw the pattern.  Though he was never able to determine where she received the treatments, each time before the number went up, she would take a trip to a function or vacation spot.
Parren took the reports down to the fireplace, where the fire had died down.  He used the poker to rearrange the logs and put another one on.  Within a few minutes, the fire regained strength.  The first file was about five years old.  He leafed through it and then tossed it on the fire, and continued to do this with each of the twenty.  The data showed a pattern, but he kept repeating the tests to increase the probability of correct results.  After he had received the results of the last test and had that final argument with her, he knew what he had to do.  Then, as these problems must work, certain things were said to certain people, and a sequence was started.
His name was never connected, but he knew Gryman had put everything in motion.  All he knew was that she was to disappear.  Completely.  Only now there was an error of timing.  If she had been in the material long enough, all the evidence would be gone.  If they had caught the Bent workers before they pushed her in, she would have tested as a Straight.  The masking agent works on bodily fluids and areas where samples are normally taken.  The flesh of the body is not impacted.  The test results on her remains were inconclusive as a result, and this started the whole mess.
Parren watched the last of the files burn up in the fire.  After sitting there for several more minutes, he felt very tired.  It was late, and he was not used to staying up until the early morning hours.  He laid his head back in the chair and wondered what was her point in doing all this.  Why had she married him?  She had been seductive and had totally infatuated him.  This was different from other women he had known to that time.  Deceitful, really.  He felt like a fool, he was a fool, for not noticing this sooner.  There had to be a larger reason why she would do this besides some concept of love or attraction.  Someone had put her up to this as part of a plan.  Parren knew who he needed to talk to and where to start looking.
50
Morgan walked into the dining hall of Rogefs mansion and immediately saw a woman he had never dreamed he would meet.  Tayden was a Bent agitator who for years had made headlines for leading protests, rallies, and other salacious, newsworthy events.  Morgan almost turned around and left, but instead, he made his way around the outside of the room and introduced himself to several other people he vaguely knew.  Rogef had invited Morgan once he agreed to work with him.  It only took a few minutes to tell Rogef he had stopped working with Parren.  Morgan was well off, but he needed a job, and Rogef gave him a good offer.  When he came around to Rogef, Rogef pulled him over to the side.
Glad you could make it, Rogef said.
Thank you for inviting me, but I have to ask about the company you are keeping, Morgan said.
Where do you propose I start? Rogef said.  Most of those here have been through the same ordeal as I have.  They have either lost children or gone to the same measures as I did.
Morgan looked around the room again.  Many of the people were of the same status as Rogef.  The news that Rogef revealed had brought them forward with the ugly specter of deporting their now adult children.  I understand that, but youve been talking to Tayden.  You understand what she has done.  She has a history of protests that turned violent.
Who doesnt know that? Rogef said, standing as straight as he could in front of Morgan.  I have to reach out to the other side.  She cares deeply about the causes she fights for.
Fight is the right word.  You know, ten years ago, she was involved in the Harden uprising.  Harden was a young man run over at the border by a police vehicle.  Some said it was an accident and others intentional.  Tayden organized a group of protestors who blocked a major thoroughfare for a week before the clash turned into a volley of rocks and then crude grenades.  When it was all settled, five Straight solders were dead, along with twenty protestors.  Tayden was tried, but could not be convicted, for inciting a riot.
I know all about that.  Rogef looked around the room and saw her talking to a group of men in the opposite corner.  Well, let me say this.  You have to hear her out.  To me, she only cares about her people.  Sometimes passion can lead a person in the wrong direction and to make mistakes.  But shes matured since then.  Her ideas make sense.
Morgan put this together quickly in his mind.  Did Celirna know her?
They met on several occasions.  Neither of them made an issue of it, since they knew how that might look.  If they were planning something, I dont know about it.  Look, you called me and told me what Parren said to you.  You know what they are and what they want to further.  Be on the right side of history.
  Rogef put his hand on Morgans shoulder and guided him back to the table in the center of the room.  Can everyone take a seat, please? he said to the group.  On cue, three people came in, served a light meal, and then quickly left, closing the doors behind them.  I want to welcome you all here.  I wish it were under better circumstances, but we cant always choose the timing.
Tayden was the first to speak up, as Morgan had expected.  Let me be the first to say, Im deeply saddened by your loss.  She was a great person; I had met her several times.  Its ironic how this has brought us together.  I never dreamed I would be sitting with this company.  There were a few nods, but not much more.  A reserved acceptance was how Morgan saw it.  He had never seen her up close, but she lived up to her pictures.  A decent-looking woman with dark hair flecked with gray.  It was her eyes he remembered most, black, penetrating, now with some wrinkles to add emphasis.
Thank you, Rogef said.  I appreciate that.  Now, I wanted to get all of you together to talk about where we go from here.  Most of you followed my same path with your children, and you understand the deep problem we face.  Legally removing a child from their parents is unthinkable.
How did we end up here? one man, Chrima, asked.  Morgan knew him as an investor who earned his fortune making huge leveraged buyouts of companies.  How did we get to a point of removing common sense from our public discourse?  I suggest we go around the room and briefly talk about why we did what we did.
One by one, the ten attendees who lost children or took other measures talked about what happened.  Each story was similar.  Early in the pregnancy, a determination was made.  By law, a test was required; however, most had a private test done ahead of the publicly disclosed test.  Some took measures to quickly falsify the official test or had an abortion.  Two women carried the baby to term and gave it up.  Morgan and Tayden were the only two who did not have a similar story.  Most of the others had difficulty getting through the description of what they went through, and after the last person spoke, there was silence for about thirty seconds.
Thank you, Rogef said, his baritone voice soft and echoing in the large hall.  For years, I thought I was alone.  I worked through channels many of you are aware of.  Now, the immediate problem is that we think, well, we know we are right.  However, the law is still against us.  I think a few of you have been served notices.
I received mine yesterday, a woman said.  Morgan had not met or even recognized her.  Are they planning to start rounding us up like loose cattle?
There were a few snickers around the room.  That is the question.  They already pulled my doctor in for questioning.  His license is suspended indefinitely.
Whos behind this? Tayden asked.  There was no answer as everyone looked from face to face.  I think thats the first order of business.  Find out whos doing this and go after them.
It isnt as easy as that, Rogef said.
Of course it is, Tayden said, challenging Rogef.  We have to move while this is still in the public eye.
Please, Chrima said.  This is a long term problem that will take years to correct.  Its deep in our system.
I once changed a work permit law in a week.  It can be done, Tayden said.
A work permit is not nearly as involved as our genetic laws, Chrima said, addressing the protestor directly.
We cant go down this path, Morgan said.  Both of you, all of us will need to work together.  Yes, Tayden, we need to find out who is behind the threats.  And yes, Chrima, we need to proceed with care.
The conversation continued for about another forty-five minutes.  Rogef was able to guide them to a loose set of actions.  Plans were made to contact sympathetic lawmakers and judges.  Each case would need to be fought individually for the time being, until enough momentum could be built.  They established which legal channels they should work through to keep themselves out of trouble.  Each had a pressing cause to be there, and they knew if they could get their cases resolved in a positive manner, it would build a string of precedents.  They took a short break, during which time Morgan again pulled Rogef aside.
You need to give Tayden something to do, or shell only cause trouble, he said.
Im counting on it.  That man we visited is going to be released in about a month.  Im going to ask her to be there.  Im sure she can make herself known without any help from us.
Morgan knew Rogef had planned this out carefully.  It was his nature.  You have this all worked out, dont you?
Everyone gravitates to their natural tendencies, right?  Its what this is all about.  Each person invited brings specific talents to the table, he said.  To be honest, you and she are in the same business.  Creating a public image.
Morgan had not thought of it in that way, but it still made him uneasy to think of himself in those terms.  You want me to work with her?
Thats what I want.  It makes sense to me.  Talk to her about it.  Get her engaged in his release.  Rogef moved back to the table and the meeting continued.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
That afternoon, the meeting had broken up, and various groups were socializing together.  All of them were on friendly terms with each other, except Tayden, who disappeared from the hall shortly after the meeting.  Morgan found her walking around the back gardens of the estate by herself, looking at the immaculate displays.  She seemed to be interested in the flowers and various birds that were near the large pond.  Morgan watched her and knew she was the only Bent in attendance, and had been ostracized to some extent.  He also realized, like Rogef, that she could be a valuable ally or a bitter enemy, depending on how she was involved.  There was a danger there that, he knew, made the others reticent to know her.
Morgan came down from the portico and walked out to meet her.  Her back was turned toward him, and he could not help but notice the tight black denim pants, worn boots, and loose shirt, a contrast to the business wear of the other women who were there.
Tayden, he said when he was within range, can we talk for a few minutes?
Morgan, yes, she said, turning around.  Sure, whats on your mind?
As he came closer, he saw the age, maybe stress around her eyes, despite the youthful body.  When he was face to face with her, he realized it was more that she wore little to no makeup.  He was not used to seeing women, and some even men, who presented themselves to the public this way; not hiding their age and letting gray grow naturally into their hair.  I hope you are feeling welcome here, he said.
Honestly, Im not.  This is a spectacular display of wealth, but I cant help but consider the origin.  Whats my place in all this? she questioned.
Thats what I want to talk to you, he said.  Can you do me a favor and tell me a bit about yourself?
He led her around the left side of the pond on a well-worn dirt path.  Well, as you might imagine, I grew up in a desert region in the Western Province.  We scraped what we could for a living out of the land, but we got by on our own.  My family was a proud group.  They had spent generations there before boron was discovered deep in the ground, and through some legal tricks we lost the use of the land.
They continued to walk around the edge of the water.  A few ducks paddled out of the cattails as they passed.  Did your family relocate?
No.  I was in my late teens.  I found legal books in an old library and studied what I could on the use of the land, mineral rights and such.  I teamed with other like-minded people, and we were able to establish a royalty deal for the inhabitants.  Its a piss-poor amount of money, but it was better than shoving everyone aside.  She said all of this in a quiet, hoarse voice.  
This was a story she must have repeated often, and Morgan was impressed.  Did you carry your legal education any further? he asked.
I started to, but there were more pressing problems.  I didnt have time to go to college for four, five, six years.  How could I take the time when people were being abused?  I didnt have that luxury.  We had to learn as we went, she said.  They came around to the bench where, months ago, Parren had sat with Rogef.  
You were an actress for a while, werent you? Morgan asked.  He was not sure how many movies she did, but there was enough to raise her profile and give her a voice.  He looked at her face and remembered the steady dark eyes and black hair.  The hair had streaks of gray in it now, but the narrow, piercing stare was the same.
She sat down and continued.  I capitalized on my looks while I still had them and earned enough to do what I needed to do with my life.  You, on the other hand, have a political science degree from Spenser, with a Masters in communication.  Youve spent the past ten years as a public relations organizer for some of my worst adversaries, Parren in particular, so I dont totally trust you, despite why we are all here today.  She stretched her hands out on her knees.  However, Im willing, and Im interested in talking to you.
Morgan was not surprised she had done her research on him, but he had to smile at her bluntness.  Rogef said they both had similar purposes, but Morgan understood they had diametrically opposed approaches.  Good.  I think we can collaborate.
Collaboration is good.  Now, what can we do together? she asked.
Im sure youre aware of the two men imprisoned in relation to Rogefs daughter, he said.
Of course.  I have serious doubts as to their guilt.
Morgan was not surprised she would say this.  The one man, Buckman, will be released in about a month.  We visited him a short while ago, and I agree his involvement was minimal at best.  The other man, I dont know about.
Both of them are victims of the same dysfunctional system, but I think I can help when hes released, she said.
She was a step ahead of him, and he wanted to be sure this was handled properly.  Right.  Can you arrange to meet him?  I can make sure the proper media is there.  Any travel difficulties, let me know.  We should be able to deal with that as well.
Can you be sure?  Ive been kicked out of lesser events, she said.  She laughed.  Morgan knew this was a true statement.
Ill do the best I can.  We have to be sure this is proper.  Not a circus, he said.
What do you expect when I show up?  I always have the best intentions, but my mere presence causes problems with some people, she said.
Our goal is to keep this in the public eye, he said.  We met this man, and hes basically a laborer.  Neither of them had the resources to do this.  By the same token, neither of them is in a position to further this cause by themselves.  
Are you surprised to hear yourself say these things? she asked.
Morgan had not thought that immediately, but her question was a good one.  I am.  Meeting him, and working with Rogef, changed my mind.  You know my background, so you can understand how odd this is to me.
Tayden watched the ducks tip over to feed on the vegetation under the water.  It sounds odd to me, too.  I can meet this man when hes released.  If there are news organizations there, I should be able to get in front of them.
Morgan knew this was only the very beginning.  What then? he asked.
I can escort him back to the province, she said.  Im sure they put him through the Treatment.  I know a group that can work with him to restore whatever memory he has left.  How was he when you talked to him?
Not too bad, Morgan said.  That was only a month ago, but there was no telling what had happened since.  Ive never been involved with these types of problems before, but he was still able to put together past events after some effort.
Its a cruel approach to enforcement.  It steals away everything a person has in their lives, she said, turning toward him.  Imagine if you couldnt remember your parents.  Or if you looked at faces and only had a vague idea that you knew them.
In their case it was ill-applied, Morgan said.
Tayden stood up.  No, thats one thing youll learn.  Surgical lobotomies were outlawed decades ago, but some imaginative scientists found a way to do the same thing.  Its an invasion of a persons body, no matter how you look at it.  Its now used as a form of cruelty rather than correction.
Morgan stood as well, and they started walking back to the estate.  Thats a difficult problem.
No, it isnt, she interrupted.  You should see some of these people when they come back.  They end up being a lifetime burden to their families, the state.  Why punish them as well?
Morgan had wondered when he would see this side of her, and he had gotten there with little effort.  Yes.  I have a lot to learn.
You do, she said, laughing again, the combativeness quickly gone.  Let me know exactly when hell be released.  Ill meet him there and escort him back home.
51
So hes working with Rogef now, the old bastard, Gryman said.  Parren had him on the view screen in his office.  The rest of the staff was out.
Please, let us not sink to those terms, Parren said.  Rogef was an unwelcome part of his life now, but he did not like that kind of language.
Well, how do you want me to address him, then?  His intentions are clear.  Hes openly a sympathizer, Gryman said.
Parren knew Gryman was right, but his own sense of propriety made him not want to use vulgar references.  He will be a force to be dealt with.  Thats what I want to talk about.  How do we counter his actions?
Gryman put his head down for a second.  I have to ask you a question, very important.  Youve seen all this.  You know Morgan visited the man in prison, and I visited the other one.  Do you believe them?  Do you believe they did it?
Parren had read the accounts and seen the various analyses, and he knew there were doubts being raised.  Honestly, there are inconsistencies in the story.
Give me an answer, he demanded.  Give me an answer, not from your cautious logical mind but from your gut.  You have one, dont you?
Parren did not like this tone from an employee.  What are you driving at?
Gryman raised his hands a moment and put them back on the table.  Fine, Ill make the assumption you do.  If you have doubts, see inconsistencies, how do you think this plays to ordinary people?
Do you have doubts? Parren asked.
I believe they were involved, but there must have been someone else as well.  Neither of these men could have done this alone.
Parren gave this some thought and wondered how much Gryman knew about what actually happened.  Asking outright would be a mistake.  How can we use that information?  Do you have anything to support your theory?
No.  No hard evidence; however, nobody has put effort into finding out anything further, Gryman said.
Maybe that should be a next step.  This event will be continued in the public conscience.  We have to plan a countermove, Parren said.  Gryman could lead investigators down various paths if he chose to.
But what was the motive?  Why would anyone want to kill her?  You have to realize this was not a random act.  Her profile was too high, and the manner in which this happened was too precise, Gryman said.  He paused for a few moments.  The problem is, this puts you as someone people would suspect.
Me? Parren said.  Gryman nodded.  How could anyone suspect me?  He was stunned that such a conclusion could be reached.  How could anyone doubt his innocence in any way possible?  Parren wondered if Gryman knew he made the original request to have her killed.
You know how this works, Gryman said.  Doubt and questions have been raised, and these thoughts are difficult to avert.  I wouldnt be surprised if this was tactic used.
But me? Parren said.  My entire lifes purpose has been to further the advancement of the human race, not fall back into depravity.  Im not some, some, crime boss who hits people.  Even the thought of this is offensive.
Nobody is above being smeared, not even you.  But we have to think about the next tactics.
We have to find who really did this, Parren said.  This was an imperative.  If someone else did this, that person has to be found, for both our sakes.  I can see how suspicion could be directed at you as well.
Very true, but I dont have the emotional involvement you do, Gryman said.
Yes, you do, Parren said, demanding, his voice again rising.  Your positions are well publicized.  Your hatred of the Bent race is well known, as are your actions.  It is well known that your writings have advocated a total embargo of all trade with the East and North Provinces.  Youve supported stronger measures to subdivide the races even further.
All well-thought out proposals, but thats a long way from whats happened, Gryman said.  Im proud of what Ive done, and you have backed these causes as well, both legislatively and financially.
Is this a threat of some sort? Parren asked.  He knew everything Gryman said was true, but he thought there was more to this conversation than a simple planning session.
Honestly, it is, in a way.  We both have a threat out there that is going to organize and work against us.  You need to face reality:  you will be attacked, accused.  I dont think you fully understand the measures people like Rogef will step to.  Gryman let this last statement sink in.  You know his business practices.  He has a record of destroying his competitors, making up laws as he goes.
The man evolved into a menace, Parren said quietly.  How do we stop him?
There are a number of ways.  Let me give it some thought.  Ill be out there in a week.  Its better if we talk in person.  Gryman signed off, and Parren was left to wonder what that really meant.  Physical harm was always a possibility, but Celirna was a special case.  Rogef was different.  
52
Parren had been sitting in the front room of the third floor, overlooking the lake.  Celirna had essentially lived on the third floor for a year before she finally moved out.  She had set it up as an office space with living quarters.  There was still a conference table big enough to seat ten people in the front room, where she often held meetings and entertained guests.  The table itself was a work of art.  They had a walnut tree on the other side of the lake that needed to come down for the installation of utility lines, and she had agonized over what to do with the massive, stately tree.  With the proper arrangements, costing much more time and money than he thought it deserved, she had the tree cut into lumber that was then given to various master craftsmen.  Out of this came the conference table and chairs, along with the other pieces of furniture in the room.  It was a stunning display, her tastes were always of the highest order, and he was never going to get rid of it.
He sat down at the table and brought up the view screen that was embedded in a compartment in the center.  Although most of that last conversation was not recorded, there were many gigabytes of pictures of her in the databases.  A few selections later, he had a scrolling display of pictures of her, along with a few of him.  He never really liked the way he looked.  Each picture was a diary of a small portion of her life.  It scrolled chronologically to the latest one they had in the database, a picture of her at a school before heading off to the ship.  
The display started over, and he remembered that it was in this room that threats became real, where he realized that his love, attraction, whatever the expression was, for her had brought him to a choice between her and what he believed in.  A terrible problem he, despite his genetic tendencies, shamefully had allowed himself to get into.  This was made even more apparent when he considered the pains and pride he had taken throughout his life to recognize and castigate these kinds of tendencies in others.
How could you do this to me? she had said, looking out the window as snow started to fly around the lake.  Her eyes watched as flakes hit the window and slid off.  She turned around.  You know what that meant to me.  I thought you supported me.  You even helped.  Was that just a lie, an appeasement?  Give me a bunch of money, and Ill leave you alone.  What was it?  Talk other donors into doing the same so I would go away?
Parren had given this much thought, as he had already run through this conversation in his mind many times.  Honestly, yes.  In a way.
What? she said.  What?
I have given this considerable analysis.  When you initially proposed this organization, I did not think it would progress.  I thought it was, how did they used to say it.  A pipe dream, blue sky.
Celirna went back to looking out the window.  Parren, for his part, thought his reasoning was sound and got up to leave the room.  Sit down.  Were not done talking, she said.
What more is there to consider?  I proved, and I dare say the legal system is supporting me on this, that you had been dealing with a cartel of sorts.  Not that Im placing blame upon you; I believe you were unaware of the depths of coercion into which these people were willing to descend.  Parren sat back down at the table and crossed his fingers in front of him.  He could hear and see her breathing from over by the window, as her breath left a condensation mark on the cold glass.
But why, Parren?  Why did you proceed against my wishes?  You did the investigation in a way that destroyed the organization.  We had fifty people employed locally, fifty people who are now out of work.  They were doing good deeds.  Certainly if you wouldve worked with me we couldve, I dont know, figured a way to keep the organization intact.
Besides hearing her breathing, he could see her crossed arms move up and down with each sentence she spoke.  How can you not see the logic in this?  I did not choose the legal path.  All I did was bring the matter to public knowledge.
Celirna turned away from the window and sat across from him at the table.  She took the controller and brought up some videos of her visits, along with a promotional ad they had put together.  There were malnourished children with pale skin and bony limbs, overcrowded housing, fields of crops that were sparse due to poor farming techniques and an inability to harvest what little there was.  Contrasting this were pictures of what her organization had accomplished by simply providing first information and later the equipment.  Look at these people.  How could you do this to them?  How could you see this kind of suffering and not realize we can fix it?  Is your hate for the Bent community that profound?
I do not like to see people suffer.  You know that.  It is so troubling to view such depravation of a person.  Of people.
Her head tilted forward until her brow was resting on her hands.  Parren watched her hair fall around her face and wondered what she was going to look like when she finally raised her head.  He knew she was emotional.  She could come back screaming, crying, or anything in between.  Her smile took him by total surprise.  You know, I just recorded that.  Here let me play it back, and you tell me how it sounds.  Ill narrate.
She hit a few buttons and his image from a few seconds before was broadcast on the wall.  
I do not like...
She stopped the recording and took a laser pointer.  See the eyes, how they widen slightly.  A hint of a shoulder shrug as well.
..to see people suffer.  You know that.
She stopped it again.  That is not so bad.  A very strange little smile.  I didnt see that the first time.  She replayed it slowly, and the reaction was so quick she had to be sure it actually did happen.  Condescension?  Patronizing?  I dont know what that is.
It is so troubling to view such depravation of a person.
This final image remained frozen on the wall.  What is that?  A four-year-old Bent kid could read through that.  Such depravation of a person?  Can you make your lies a little less obvious?  At least try, Parren.  Youre the smartest idiot Ive ever known.
Very few times had Parren been so upset that he actually saw red.  His vision fuzzed for a second and then came back.  He stood up so quickly the chair rolled back several feet.  Her face was too far away to actually slap, though the tip of his finger grazed her nose.  How dare you say such things! he yelled.  You know what Ive done for this country, this world.  Humanity is grateful because of the actions men like me and my ancestors have taken.
Are they really?  Look at these pictures.  Look into the eyes of a five-year-old that has never had three square meals in one day for his whole life.  Is that your idea of enlightenment?  They were both standing now, glaring at each other from opposite sides of the table.
These people have all the opportunity to pull themselves out of whatever retched existence theyve made.  Theyre stupid, vile, violent people, why should those like me be held accountable for their lack of ability?  What Ive done, yes, me, a direct bloodline of the Generators, a genetically pure line, I used their guidance.  Ive helped create the greatest advancements, the most prosperous era, the human race has ever recorded in history.  Cant you see that?  Cant you get that through your stupid head?
At what cost?  People dying, killing each other.  At what cost?  Half a continent where people live in conditions that were considered depraved a century ago?  Is that your idea of progress?
Parren strode over to the window.  Now he was breathing hard.  It had been years since he had actually raised his voice, and she had managed to do this in a few short minutes.  She had reduced him to name calling.  Manipulated.  He hated being manipulated, and she had done this so easily.  For a few minutes, he dared not speak, since he could not trust what he might say.  He waited, calmed down.  Like so many others, she had benefited from what he had managed to provide.  Maybe that was an approach.  I am a descendant of people who struggled and found a way to make society work.  There is not a way to deny this.  Look at this, look how we live.  We have traveled to stars, we are at peace, medical problems are ancient history.  All this because of the belief system we instituted and I have defended for so many years.  It works and will continue to work as predicted.  You are a beneficiary of so much progress.
Celirna did not turn to look at him; instead, she flipped to some of the images they had viewed a few minutes ago.  You know what debt is.  You know you can only push it back so far before everything eventually crumbles.  Thats what youre doing here.  Youre building a debt, a tension that at some point will have to be released.  You can either do that wisely or wait until it explodes.
Parren was amazed at how stubborn she could be.  Inflexible to the truth and sense he had come to personify.  I doubt that.  After all, they are in control of their own destiny.
You know, she said, getting up from the table, chaos is real.  Its a fact of the human condition.  It never goes away, it just gets put into a different form.  Thats all youve done.  Put it into a different form.  You understand I can destroy you very easily.  I can see if that chaos is for real.
How so? he asked, stepping back from the window.
I can reveal myself.  You know what I am.  How do you think that would play out?  Control or chaos?  she said.
What do you mean? he asked.
Come on, Parren, I know about your tests.  You know Im one of them.  Im a Bent.  How would you fare if the world knew the greatest living descendant of the Generators was married to a Bent?  Helped her promote normal relations?
You cant be serious.  You tell that, your life is over as well.  You cant help anyone once you do that.  All this is gone.  Youll never set foot in this house, enjoy these luxuries, again.
Ill move in with my father, she said, though she was aware of the law as much as he was.
You know you cant do that, either, he said.  At that point, he knew she was gone from his life.  There was no reconciling.  Divorce was rare, but legal separations were known; however, they still caused a stigma for both parties.  There was no choice.
Celirna deactivated the screen.  It stowed neatly into the center of the table.  Im leaving, but keep in mind that I will always have the ability to destroy you.  She left the room.  Parren went to the other end of the house to put as much distance as he could between them.  Three days later, she moved out, while Parren started the proceedings for a legal separation.  
Moving onto the ship took her out of his life in more ways than just physical.  Parren remembered the relief he felt when he saw the transport lift off, knowing he probably would not see her for another year.  After that final discussion, as she was preparing to leave, he realized the threat would always be there, and she could use this as a means of blackmail or extortion if she wanted.  That was simply not acceptable to what he was compelled to achieve in life.  Parren stood up from the table where they had that last conversation and reflected on how he felt seeing the transport lift into the clouds, hoping it would burst into flames.  From that image, he realized that was the most consistent solution.  This played in his thoughts with absolute clarity until he imagined what his life would be like if the transport crashed, or some other calamity occurred.  The conclusion was that this made the problem go away.  No more threat, no more blackmail.  There really was no other choice.  She had to die.
53
Buckmans belongings were brought to his room.  His roommate, a Straight named Brotter with a two-year sentence for embezzlement, was sitting on the other bed.  Good to see you go, pal, Brotter said.
Buckman laughed.  Brotter had an odd sense of humor.  Glad to be leaving.  You get the place to yourself.
Whatre you going to do with yourself once you get back? Brotter asked.
Buckman was putting his real clothes on.  These were the clothes he had been wearing when he came in.  The prison had washed and pressed them, and then left them on a shelf for the past year.  His body had changed shape in the past year.  The shirt was now too big in the shoulders and the pants too tight in the waist.  It felt odd, and it reminded him how much he had been forcibly changed in the past year.  I dont know.  See my family again.  If I set foot over the border, theyll bring me back here.
Brotter lay back on his bed and put his hands behind his head.  Not all that bad here, is it?  I mean, they didnt screw around with my brain cells like they did you.  Three meals a day, and you get to sleep all you want.  What more does a man need?
Buckman was not sure.  By now, he did not know what to believe.  They could have been still applying subtler treatments that he did not know of.  I hear things.  They put stuff in the water, maybe.  He sat down on his bed, his small duffel bag of belongings on the floor between his feet.
The joking face of Brotter fell into a frown.  Yeah, I know what youre saying.  I wonder that myself.  He sat up on one elbow and snapped his fingers.  I used to be able to add columns of numbers in my head.  A whole page at a time.  Now it all runs together.  I keep wondering if they took it from me.
They stared at each other for a few seconds, and then an organizer appeared in the door.  Ready? the organizer asked.
The two prisoners did not need to say anything more.  They had talked enough over the last couple of months to cover it all.  At this point, one was free, and one was not.  They would never see each other again, and both understood theirs was not a friendship, only a passing acquaintance.  Brotter would have a low-level Straight job waiting for him when he was released, and Buckman would have to struggle.  They nodded to each other, and Buckman was escorted away.
Warden wants to talk to you before you go.  He thinks youre special somehow, the organizer said.
Does he always talk to prisoners when they leave? Buckman asked.
Never.  They walked through the halls and into the administration area of the facility, a part of the complex he normally would never be taken.  The organizer knocked on an office door.  The door opened from the inside, and Buckman went in.
Have a seat, the Warden said, motioning to a small sitting area in the office.  I need to brief you on whats going to happen once you step off the transport.  When you leave my office, youll be taking the tramway out of here to a public transfer station.  The tram, as you know, runs through the tunnel, now under the snow, and will take about four hours, depending on speed conditions and other traffic.  The tram will pass through numerous armed gates, and then you will be back in the public sector.  As of now, you are a free man.
Thank you, Buckman found himself saying, though he was not sure why.  I get the feeling thats not all you wanted to tell me.
No, the Warden said.  He clicked on a view screen.  This is what you have waiting for you at the transfer.  As he went from channel to channel, each was talking about his return, his life, Celirnas life or her father, the man he who had visited months earlier.
What is going on? Buckman asked, his mouth dropping open.
It all started with a well-publicized documentary of her life.  To be brief, there was a portion of it that started a controversy.  The claim was that you and your partner were innocent bystanders in the crime, the Warden said.
He had stopped clicking through the channels, and they both watched for a few moments.  Whats going to happen? he asked again.
Normally, a prisoner is released at the station through a clearance desk and is given a pass directly to their home, in your case, your Province.  The Warden clicked through a few channels and stopped at one where a dark-haired, familiar-looking woman was being interviewed.  It seems your case has attracted the attention of Tayden, a known agitator.  She has agreed, well, rather forcefully requested, to meet you and escort you back.
Buckman had seen her many times in the news.  She was known to Bents as a person who would step into a fray.  Even Buckman had watched enough to know she was a constant voice of justice, while he also wondered if she was only looking out for herself.  What do I do now? Buckman asked.
I have no idea, other than to say stay clean and be careful who you associate with.  People like her always land in trouble.  Youve been a model prisoner, except for that one incident, but make one mistake or be linked to the wrong people, and youll be back, the Warden said.
I didnt ask for this.  I dont understand what this is about, Buckman said.
Look, the Warden said, switching off the viewers, nothing is fair; I know that.  Your treatment was harsh for what was essentially a misdemeanor.  Youre simply a hardworking man born on the wrong side of the border.  I was given my treatment orders and carried them out as assigned until that man managed to get them changed.
He could do that? Buckman asked.
Yes.  My advice is to keep your head down and live your life.  You might already be a target, I dont know, but dont take that chance.  Let me say this again.  Be careful, and dont make yourself more of a target than you already are.  The Warden fixed his comb-over and stood up.  He pressed a button on his desk, and the office door opened.
The organizer escorted Buckman out of the office.  They walked out of the administration area to the awaiting tram.  For a brief moment, a side door was opened, and a couple of maintenance men entered.  A painful bitter wind came howling in, bringing enough snow to sting Buckmans face and then melt.  Throughout the stay, the prisoners were occasionally exposed to the outside for a few minutes to get a sense of the isolation and what would happen if an escape were attempted.  They were told they would die of exposure in about ten minutes if they tried to run away.  The tram had been waiting for him.  Three other passengers besides him and the organizer were making the trip.  The other three seemed to know each other and talked about an upcoming vacation when he stepped in.  Buckman guessed they were employees of the prison, taking a leave of absence.  It would be a quiet four-hour journey for him.
54
Gryman was standing in Parrens office.  They were both watching the release of Buckman through all the various newscasts.  Neither one of them wanted to sit down, and they stared at the different screens, each blaring out an analysis, as they waited for his arrival at the train station.  One newscast had a pictorial of the transport line Buckman was on from the prison.  A small red train moved slowly across the screen as he drew closer.  Gryman turned up the sound on an interview with Tayden.
What the hell is she doing there? Gryman stated.  He could feel his teeth tighten together.
Weve been outmaneuvered, Parren said.  None of this is an accident.  My supposition is that the release of the documentary, his discharge, and her appearance were all carefully timed.
Why do we even let criminals like that in? Gryman said in a tight grunt.  Do you know what shes done?  People have died because of her, yet there she is.  Theyre treating her like a goddamn celebrity.
Parren knew very well who she was and had an idea who was behind all this.  Rogef set all this up.  He had no solid proof of this other than the release of the documentary and how everything was so well-timed.
What do we do about him? Gryman said.  They had been watching for about an hour and knew viewing was widespread to almost everyone.
Parren moved back and stood behind his desk.  I have to ask you a question.  You dont believe these men did it, so who did?
Gryman turned the sound off from the interview and put the controller back on the table.  The room was completely quiet, as Parren always wanted it to be.  Gryman turned back to the screens and put his hands on his hips.  He turned his head around so he could see Parren.  I dont know who he was, or who they were, but I hired the best in the business.
So you admit it.  You had her killed, Parren said, his voice even and calm.
Gryman was still for several moments.  This is news to you?  Remember what I said last time we talked.
I remember.  You said I was a suspect.  Apparently, you did not hire very well.  
Gryman went ahead and turned all the screens off.  What are you saying?  I somehow caused this to go wrong?  I would advise you to stop this line of reasoning right now.  There are enough ways for you to be implicated.
Look where we are.  We have a man about to be released into the public sector.  Despite the convictions, they simply bungled into the situation.  Both of them are typical of Bents, barely above mental retardation, Parren said.
Pardon me, but Im not the one here who requested his wife be murdered, Gryman said.  
How could you possibly think that? Parren asked.
Come on, who do you think youre talking to?  You know what she did.  Your reaction has been melancholy at best.  If this is a threat, you must understand that I know better than to let my name be attached to this.  I know all the tricks.  I know how to have things done anonymously.  I can make a path back to you.
Thats impossible.  My intentions are always held in the highest regard, Parren said.
Your own intelligence will be your downfall, Gryman said, a sardonic smile sweeping across your face.  You believe you can figure out anything.  This leads you to underestimate people.  I talked to these two men.  Theyre decrepit, smelly Bents, but they arent stupid.  They know what happened down there.  The foul-mouthed plumber figured it all out and found a way to tell it to the world before he was sent away.  Whether or not these two still remember is up to question.
Parren remained passive.  A proper analysis of mistakes needs to performed.
What is wrong with you? Gryman said, finally becoming upset.  Did you not hear what I said?  They stumbled into this.  If that one idiot hadnt dropped his tools, her body would have been found intact.  End of story.
But it did happen.  That was a contingency that should have been accounted for.  Why did your...professionals...leave her on the beam in the first place?  That is not a well-thought out plan, Parren said.  Did you ask for her to be found?
Gryman looked out the window and thought about the question.  The anger he displayed a few seconds before was redirected.  My request was for her to be gone.  What they did was too elaborate.  They relied on precise timing when they were depending on a couple of miscreant plumbers.  They were supposed to be blamed for this.  I ran through the timing.  One hour later, she would have been engulfed but easy to find, held in place by the beam.  The police were led there at precisely the right time, but the two workers pushed her in.  A good plan, but too many moving parts.
Back to my original request.  Do you know who did it? Parren asked.
No, Gryman said.  Its all done without names or faces.
Can these people be found and exposed? Parren asked.
Gryman shook his head.  You dont understand how this works.  I have no idea who did what.  Neither of us knows, and more importantly, we dont ask questions.
Parren sat down at his desk and looked out over the lake where he had thrown her trinkets, perfumes, and worthless items.  He wondered why he did not destroy these in a more permanent fashion, like he did by burning the files.  Maybe, he thought, he wanted to know where she always was, so he could forever keep her under control.  There are dangerous parts of our society.  Were these men Bents or Straights?
I dont know.  Straights, most likely.  They may have been women, for all I know.  Suffice it to say, fooling the security system and getting in and out of the hold without evidence took a great deal of skill.  Gryman turned the screens back on for a few seconds before turning them off again.  They had to be highly trained, ex-military, perhaps.  I agree we have bred people who are smart assassins.  Chosen no doubt at an early age, based on predetermined analysis.
These people are dependable, able to execute with skill and cunning? Parren asked.  He answered his own question.  Of course they are.  Thats why they were chosen, as you said.  As are we.  It makes sense.  Somewhere they were led astray, though.  To, shall we say, freelance their skills.
Yes, Gryman said.  Genetics isnt as perfect a science as we might be led to believe.  Dangerous people still do dangerous things for the right price.  Nevertheless, they do serve a purpose.  Either way, this is where we are.
So, Parren said, standing up, clearing is throat.  We have these men being released to the public as it were, one now and one in a year, an activist with a history of violence, and one very rich opponent.  What do we do now?
As we just discussed, there are ways of dealing with these people, Gryman said.
No, lets not go there yet.  Its fear we need to use to our advantage.  Parren turned the screens on again until he came to the right channel.  A heated debate was raging on the topic of forced sterilization of people with certain defective attributes.
I admit, Gryman said, its a motivator.  Its a strategic advantage.  Bents are liable to come across the border in droves.  An unending stream of people we cant stop without a massive use of force.  Lives will be lost on both sides.
How can we exploit that fear? Parren asked, rhetorically.  Lets start with ours, yours and mine.  The Generators wisdom is guidance.  They predicted the future through science and reason.  They combined this with the need for religious tendencies and practices of the past and had a solid basis for their studies.  People centuries ago forced degenerates to behave by invoking the wrath of God or the gods.  We now understand why this is a most basic human inclination.  Humans have always created separations and fought to the death to maintain them.  Tribal behavior is born in us.
Its survival, really.  Gryman thought about this.  Its why were here, and they are there, living in squalor.
I propose we be patient.  Let the alarm run the natural course.  I have enough allies that I know have the same apprehension as us.
Youre proposing we do nothing about this? Gryman said.  Look how far it has gotten.
Exactly.  However, I am not saying we do nothing.  We continue with our normal efforts.  This, he said, pointing to the people yelling at each other, this will feed itself.  It always has.  People have belief in what we do.  They live the rewards and will not want to lose that.
Very well, under one condition.  Neither of us speaks a word about what we did, Gryman said, putting his coat on.
Absolutely, Parren said.  Gryman left.  Parren watched the screens for a few more minutes before turning them off for the day.  The signed copy of the Generators Book of Proofs was downstairs in the vault.  For a second, he wanted to go down and take a look at this, but most of it he had long ago committed to memory.  Marvelous.  A single artifact that combined faith and reason by using irrefutable facts.  Parren had full confidence these would win the day in what he had started with her death.  This was not the way he imagined it would play out, but as in all things according to the book, people tend to their own natural behaviors.  Actions had a way of curving back to an inevitable conclusion, despite efforts to do otherwise.  Rogef broke the laws.  Celirna was an abnormality that eventually would be noticed, requiring removal.  This happened.  Her death ignited debate, outrage.  Parren had devotion to the predicted outcome of stronger laws, increased separation, and a reinforced human race.
55
The four-hour trip turned out to be closer to five hours.  The other passengers on the tram had long since calmed down about their vacation and settled into softly grumbling about the long ride.  In contrast, Buckman was enjoying the quiet time and the sensation of a changing landscape.  There were brief stretches where the snow would clear, and he could look out over the rolling tundra to mountains dominating the skyline.  Eventually the tram started to slow as the first of the buildings making up the transfer station came into view.
One of the passengers had a portable com screen and turned it on.  She looked at it for a moment and then elbowed her companion.  Look at this, she said.  The two people turned and looked at Buckman.
You have a welcoming party, the man said, handing the screen to him.
Buckman was confused by he was seeing.  Crowds of people were standing around the station.  Media cameras were everywhere, and microphones were being shoved into peoples faces.  Then they flashed his image on the screen.  What is this? he asked, not really expecting an answer.
You really dont know, do you? the woman said.
Hes going to find out soon enough, the man said, laughing.  They both turned back away from Buckman.
Buckman had a specific electronic pass that would only allow him to board certain trains to get to his home territory.  His plan was to walk to the next boarding zone and wait, not get something to eat or even visit the bathroom.  He wanted to get home.  This thought evaporated when the door opened, and he walked out of the boarding tube.
People surrounded him.  Cameras were pointed at him, and questions came from all directions.  Even if he wanted to answer them, the throng was too overwhelming to comprehend.  A woman dressed in black came through, shoving people out of the way.  She looked familiar.  Youre with me.  Come on, lets go, she yelled into his ear.
Buckman recognized her from what the warden said.  She had grabbed his arm and was dragging him through the crowd that was still desperately vying for his attention.  As she was driving them on, he caught a glimpse of a broadcast screen and himself several seconds before.  It was an odd, nightmarish feeling.
They came to a security station, where an officer opened a door and closed it behind them.  The noise was suddenly shut out.  She took a few deep breaths.  Im Tayden, she said, addressing him but still walking.
Whats going on? he asked.
We have about five minutes before we need to go back out and start walking to your next train connection. Buckman began to remember seeing her in news broadcasts.  Years before, she had been an entertainer, but since then she was continually involved in protests and causes.
Why do all these people want to talk to me?  I know what happened.  I mean that she was a Bent.  Her father came and visited me, he said as they hurried through the station and into a back hallway.  Tayden moved like she had planned this escape through passageways away from the crowds.  She stopped before a door.
You probably dont know how your case has ignited a controversy.  Her revelation as a Bent brought others forward.  There are politicians and other people shaking in their shoes, thinking that there is some big plan for us to take over, that weve somehow planted people into all sorts of places to start an invasion, she said.  She talked fast, using her hands to make her points.
She wasnt the only one?  But how?  What do they want out of me? he asked.  As they were talking, he could hear a commotion starting on the other side of the door.  The passage went on for a distance, but she was intending to go out into the crowd here.
No, its widespread.  People from all over have come forward.  Rogef is the most prominent, but he certainly is not the only one.  Where you come in is the popular belief your conviction was wrong.  Neither of you had anything to do with her murder.  You were set up.  The evil behind this event and many other, similar events has finally been exposed, she said, placing her hand on the door.
Wait.  Buckman was not sure what to do once they went through.  After a year of having every moment of his life under control, stepping out into this madness confused him.  For a moment, he wanted to go back to that control, where he knew everyone around him, when he would eat, and when he would sleep.  What was he going to do with a thousand people screaming at him?
Ill do all the talking.  You and Charles caused a serious break in the society.  This is a defining instant.  Right now, you and I are right in the center of it.  Years from now, us stepping out through this door will have become iconic.  Buckman looked at her shoulder getting ready to push the door open and noticed the door panels needed painting.  She shoved the door open, and they were engulfed.
They stood there for moment, and then Tayden led them over to a bench, where she stepped up and began to answer questions.  People closed in so tightly that he had to stand on the bench as well.
Tayden talked for a few moments about his incarceration.  An injustice, he was locked away and given inhumane sophisticated brainwashing techniques reserved for the worst offenders.  She continued to speak over the chatter in a strong, emotive voice.  Hundreds of microphones pointed in their direction.  One man leaned so far forward he fell over into the bench, hitting the side of his head.  He crawled underneath, and held the microphone up on a pole behind them.  1.3% of Straight pregnancies are aborted due to a diagnosis of the baby being a Bent.  Another .4% are carried to term, and the child is given up.  It is estimated that a small fraction of that, maybe .01%, are born, and remain hidden in Straight society.  Thats around fifty to one hundred thousand people that we know of, probably more.  She continued to recite numbers and facts.  Those listening to her began to quiet down as she continued.  Their faces were all turned towards her as she gestured with her hands.  Sometimes she pointed to individuals to make her case, her lean frame and open jacket in motion as she did so.  Buckman realized she had done this many times, and he remembered that look.  He had seen this before in the news, and when he looked at her now, he instantly recognized her pose.  Forward, slightly over the crowd, the black jacket coming up as she gestured with her arms, exposing her tight denim pants and black shirt several buttons open at the neck.  This went on for several more minutes.
We have a train to catch, she said in his ear, quickly pulling him off the bench and plowing through those around them.  Even in what looked like a hasty retreat, everyone followed, and she kept talking about past wrongs, years of history rewritten, and how Buckman was living proof of all these facts.
Buckman knew the train they needed to board and was doing his best to see which concourse to follow.  Tayden kept leading them through the center part of the station and appeared to be taking them on a long, circuitous route.  Were back here, he tried to say as they kept walking.
Tayden was in an extended conversation with one of the reporters and had not noticed what he said.  Buckman started pulling her back towards the concourse they passed, but it was no good.  She seemed determined to continue through the thickest mob of people.  Buckman let go of her arm and tried to stop, but there were so many people around him he was urged forward.  After a few moments, enough people had gotten between them he had lost sight of her and tried to edge his way out.
Where are you going?  Somehow she had spotted him and had hold of his shoulder.
My train is back there, he said pointing towards the concourse.  She looked around to where he was pointing and took in the situation.
Oh, she said before heading off in that direction and jumping back into the conversation she was having.  Buckman caught small portions of what she was saying.  There were comments on working conditions, childrens education, food supply, and health care.  Tayden seemed to have an entire collection of facts and statistics ready in her memory.  Buckman was not sure if the numbers were correct, but he generally agreed that what she said was true.  All these things were problems and had been for years.  Reforms came and went, but nothing changed.
Buckman hoped that, as they went down the narrow concourse, the crowd would thin out and they would get some breathing room.  Such was not the case.  The entire group squeezed together until they were hemmed in on all sides, and nobody was moving.  They stayed like this for several minutes, inching along as best as they could, until he heard a security force ordering the crowd to break up.  Buckman saw a megaphone being held up over the crowd, coming towards them.  The person holding the big speaker was directing people out of the way, and he heard the familiar buzz of a stun stick.  The small contingent of security people reached them about five minutes later.
At first, his reaction was to mentally prepare himself for the shock that the stick spat out.  Instead, one man got behind them and three were in front, as they buzzed and pushed their way through the crowd.  Eventually, after another thirty minutes of inching through the corridor, they made it to the train.
The two of them boarded.  A train employee was waiting for them.  We had to hold the train an hour for you, thank you very much.  Since they boarded in the back, they were escorted through a few of the higher-priced lounges, where Taydens appearance raised comments.  Buckman heard various words mumbled, tramp, murderer.  He thought all the comments were directed at her when he heard one woman clearly say, that dimwitted plumber.
The train started moving as they were being shown to their seats.  Both of them sat down, and Buckman said, How do you stand that?
What, the comments?  Or the crowd? she said as she pulled out a small com and scanned through various broadcasts of their trip through the station.
Either one.
Tayden turned to him, her face flushed, a big smile across her mouth.  She pushed a few clumps of sweat-soaked hair back from her forehead.  I live for this.  Everyone on this train knows who I am and what Im capable of.  Those people in the back?  Ive lived and achieved ten times more in my life than they can dream of.
Buckman was exhausted, while this all seemed to be energizing for her.  He could think of nothing more to say.  I guess.
Look, those people making those remarks, its all jealousy, avarice.  Theyve lived a programmed life, where every moment has been predetermined.  They see me and you, and weve been places.  Done things.
Sometimes I wish Id done a little less, he said, adjusting the seat as the train accelerated out of the station.  He checked the schedule screen on the back of the seat in front of him and saw they would be in the same car all the way to the border.  They would have to stop in several more stations, but eventually they would be hooked up to a train that would take him home.  The ride was going to take almost ten hours, and though he wanted to badly see his family, after the last hour all he wanted was quiet.  He had been locked up in almost total silence for a year, and now everything was noise.
Dont ever think you havent done anything, she said as she finished reading an article on the com.  She put it away and switched on the screen in front of her.  You have no idea what youve done and what youre capable of.
But it was an accident, he said.  Neither of us was supposed to be there.
Yes, but it has become an opportunity.  This happens all the time.  Theres no such thing as luck.  An event happens to a person, and they either become involved, or they dont.  Opportunities present themselves all the time.  Its up to the person to recognize this and do something with it, she said.
Buckman listened to her continue on citing examples in her life and others.  He had to admit, the woman could talk and make most anything sound interesting.  However, even she began to wind down as the train, elevated above the track on a magnetic cushion, hummed along.  There was the occasional rocking from a fluctuation in the current, or maybe a wind gust, but it was mostly smooth.  The lights in the car dimmed since it was still the middle of the night, and everyone else settled down as well.  The darkened car, for the first time since he left the prison, made him feel safe to be alone with his thoughts.  Have you heard from Charles? he asked.
Tayden thought about this question long enough that Buckman almost repeated it.  The news is not as good.  Hes got about a year left.  He was sent to a maximum security facility.  She looked at him.  Ive visited those places.  You may not want to hear this, but he probably wont recognize you when he gets out.  Its that bad.
Buckman saw the seriousness in her eyes and felt she was holding back on what they really did to him.  His own treatment was bad and had done enough damage.  Hes a good man, he said.  Tayden agreed.
He settled back in his seat and thought back to the day they boarded Bertie, kicking the strut before walking up the ramp.  Many nights over the past months, he had asked himself if he would trade places with Charles.  This thought often woke him up as he wrestled with the answer.  Charles was there because of what he knew and had told him that night in the storage area.  The man had figured out what happened and took his moment in the public eye to tell the world about it.  Buckman knew he would see Charles again, but Tayden made him wonder if this would be more upsetting than it was worth.  Prison made people bitterwhat was left of them, anyway.  The question that had woken him up so many times had been finally answered after one of the more intense reeducation sessions.  Charles was like a brother, but no, he would not change places.  Maybe that was the point of the sessions, to turn him against his supposed accomplice.  He could never be sure.  He still woke up at night thinking about it, but now the question had gone from would he change places to why not.  The answer to that always led to thinking of himself as a coward.  He simply could not have faced any further treatment.
The train reached the final transfer.  Many people had come on and off, but this time, the car was headed to the border.  Most of the occupants were Bents going home, as evidenced by the muddy boots and coarse clothing they were wearing.  Buckman had not been in this kind of atmosphere for over a year, and it felt good.  The people gathered around him had faces that all looked familiar to him, even though he did not know a single one.  Within a few minutes, a song broke out and stories were being passed around.  A bottle of whiskey appeared, even though alcohol was not allowed.  
Buckman settled back and closed his eyes as the constant chatter and laughter went on all around him.  Then it stopped.  A brown-uniformed woman was standing next to him.  Identity, please, she said.
At first, he thought this was a dream or a cruel practical joke.  This was the same woman he had run into all those months ago.  This was the same train line, so he realized he should not be surprised.  Buckman continued to stare at the woman with the drab coverall uniform and severely retained hair.
Identity, please, she repeated, holding out her hand.
Tayden nudged him into reality, and he handed over the temporary stick they had given him at the prison.  Im not shocked.  Theyve been watching you ever since we got on, Tayden said.
The woman inserted the stick into the reader and read whatever the screen deemed important for her to know.  She pocketed the stick.  Follow me, please, she said.
Buckman stayed in place.  She stood slightly to the side.  Follow me, please, she repeated.  Her lips were a tight, straight line across her face.  Buckman could see the muscles twitch slightly at the corners of her eyes.
He stood up and followed her back to the same office, or at least it looked like the same office, he had been in before.  Terrial.  That was her name.  The plaque on the wall spelled this out for him.  Security Officer, 3rd class, Terrial.  The office was exactly as he remembered:  small, with white metal walls and barely enough room for two chairs.  They sat down, again his knees almost touching the side of her chair.  Her hair, if possible, looked even tighter, to the point of looking to inflict pain if she managed a facial expression.
Terrial plugged the stick into the larger reader on her tiny desk.  This time, only one paragraph of information came up, along with a few other pieces of data.  What is your destination?
Buckman could not believe he was going through this very same thing.  Its on the screen.
Answer the question.  This time she did not reach for the stunner.
Buckman had just spent the last year with every minute planned and controlled.  Organizers followed him everywhere and questioned everything he did.  This wore him down as it did all the other prisoners.  Most Bents he had met coming out of prison were bewildered by the outside world, and for several months, their eyes darted around as he spoke to them.  Many were permanently changed, and only time would tell if he was.  When he was living with Brotter, Buckman realized a strange thing.  Each prisoner, Straight or Bent, was equal to the other.  He had never lived in a situation like that, and he had to go to prison to experience it.  Equality was not a familiar living condition for anybody outside of those walls.  And now, this woman was asking him a simple question, and he had to believe that there was a place in her thoughts that wanted to know more about him.  He knew he was her equal and that she was aware of this, though she could not come out and say it.
Terrial, why do you ask me that? he asked.
Answer or you will be reported, she said, only she still did not reach for the stunner.  Instead, she slowly looked at him.  She had brown, mud-colored eyes, with a desperately minimal amount of makeup on her face.  However, her age was apparent.  She had worked in the back of that train for decades.
You saw my face earlier, didnt you? Buckman asked.  Of course she had.  He was all over the place.  She probably knew he would be on her train.  
Terrial turned her attention back to the screen.  Yes.  Now, can you answer my question?
Home.  Im finally going home.
Terrial entered the information.  For what purpose?
How long have you been in this job? Buckman asked.
Terrial blinked a few times, and if he were to guess, this was one of the few times a passenger had taken an interest in her.  Can you, please tell me, she said.  Thirty-two years.
She still appeared to be reading the screen.  She squinted a moment in an expression that could only be described as emotion.  Good or bad, he could not tell, but it was honest.  On this same transport line? he asked.
Yes, mostly.  I work a few others when they need a substitute, but this one mainly.
I live in Eastern Province.  Potato Creek, to be exact.  I had been working on a salvage ship servicing a deep space transport.  I spent the last year in prison for a crime I didnt commit, as you probably already know.  Terrial entered in a few more pieces of data.  He had her murdered because she was like me.
She stopped what she was doing and placed her hands in her lap.  I understand.
Do you? he asked.
Again, she blinked a few times.  The gentle hum of the transport was more apparent in her tiny office located in the back.  Buckman knew she had spent many years sitting in that chair just listening to it, in an area no bigger than his prison cell.
Do you work in space? she asked.
I do.  Well, I did, he said.
Her mouth worked a few times.  Then she asked, Whats it like?
For the next half hour, he told her every detail of what he did traveling and working in low orbit.  He talked about how he hauled trash and cleaned up huge messes.  The times he had to spacewalk to make repairs fascinated her most.  She asked a few questions, but she was otherwise content to listen to every word he said.


###################
About the Author
David George Howard's writing background is a little unusual, but not unheard of.  He graduated from the University of Michigan with a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering, after which his career path took him to the US Navy and Raytheon, working on bomb racks and missile launchers for F-18s.  From there, he went on to work for Rolls-Royce on the Osprey V-22 and Boeing 787 engines.  After a couple of decades in the Aerospace field, he finally acknowledged his love of stories and writing by returning to school to learn the craft.  In 2010 he received an M.A. in English from Indiana University in Indianapolis, writing his thesis on redemption and personal relationships in Hard-Boiled detective fiction.
April 26, 2014

Contact information
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/theartfulscribbler
http://artfulscribbler.wordpress.com/
https://scholarworks.iupui.edu/handle/1805/2189
artfulscribbler@yahoo.com

