

Kaelah

Pangaea Legends

L Christina


Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013 L. Christina



Prologue

He traveled alone, although there were many like him. At the end of the storm season, his strong body pulled the wood sled over the mountains of the Back Bone range going from Sol to Brumal. Bringing goods and gossip, he was welcomed at the small villages where he stopped to make trade. From Sol, he brought shells, salt, cactus needles, and pottery. In the mountain valleys, he picked up dried berries and mountain herbs. And finally he bartered in Brumal for thick furs, whale oil, and ivory before returning home to Sol.
This trip he contemplated a visit to the Vast, the land on the sun rising side of the mountains, where the savage Marauders lived. Sometimes they traded peacefully, sometimes not.


 
CHAPTER ONE

She should go to the upper meadow. She really couldnt justify the time spent here waiting for Marook. He would come when he was able, if he came at all. But, he would come. He must come. Kaelah picked up her snares and headed for the upper meadow on the other side of the village where rabbits were more plentiful.
Then she heard the distant but unmistakable howl of a wolf. Marook!
 She ran to a rise in the path that would give her a better view of the trail, and in the distance she could see Marook pulling his sled, and Kita, his tame wolf, jumping through the tall grass chasing insects. 
She cupped her hands around her mouth. Marook! she called, and waved as she hurried toward them.
Pleased for an excuse to rest, Marook stopped pulling and retrieved a water satchel from his sled. Young tree limbs lashed together in a sturdy frame topped hand carved skids to make the rugged vehicle. A braided leather rope looped across the front for pulling.  And an additional side rope was attached to allow a second person, when available,  to assist in pulling.
Hed only taken a short swallow of water before Kaelah reached him and gave him a rocking hug. Marook, youre late. Ive been waiting for you.
Marook returned a bear hug of his own. Little cousin, its good to arrive. He let out an exhausted breath. Im tired. 
They separated, and Kaelah took a moment to scruffle the neck of his inquisitive wolf. Hello, Kita. Marook picked up the pulling harness, ready to continue. As customary, Kaelah picked up the second rope and added her effort in pulling the sled toward the village. She looked at Marook, sunlight reflected from sweat on his bare shoulders. Hows your trip been? she asked. He would have left the Sun village at the beginning of the warming season and come up over the Back Bone mountain range.
There was more snow than usual in the mountains, and the trails havent dried hard yet. Its been difficult pulling the sled through the damp mud.
Kaelah glanced at the sled skids and noted crumbles of mud still attached to them. She nodded toward the contents, a pile of goods protected by a leather tarp. And it looks like you have more than usual.
Marook smiled. Thats true. I have lots to trade this visit.
Kaelah caught his teasing grin and eyed the pile with greater interest. Anything I might like?
As a matter of fact Marook stopped pulling, threw the tarp aside, and started to rummage in the pile until he found a small leather box. Since you came to help me pulllook. He removed the lid and handed the box to her.
Inside were pieces of shell in a rainbow of bright iridescent colors. Kaelah gasped in delight. Oh, theyre beautiful.
Marook was relievedyou could never tell with women. The fancy shells had been extra trade, and he wasnt sure that the women of the mountains would care for them. But Kaelahs excitement was a good sign. 
Theyre shells from the endless water, he said. Go ahead, choose some.
Kaelah used a finger to sort through the box. Most were irregular in shape, and some had holes worked in them. She picked a pink piece, held it up to her hair, and angled her head toward Marook. How does this look? she asked, as she returned the box. 
Marook smiled tolerantly and handed her a matching shell. Here, take his brother, too.
Kaelah put the shells in her bag. Can I give you berries in trade?
Theyre a gift, Marook said as he tucked the box back under the tarp.
Thank you. Ill put them in a hair ornament. Kaelah gave him a quick peck on the cheek before they picked up the pulling ropes again.
Kita crisscrossed in front of the sled, scenting the trail of an elusive quarry. Marook watched the wolfs playful antics. He was grateful for her loyal companionship. She kept him company on the trail, and he could confide in her. Sitting next to their campfire at night Marook would put this hand on her fur shoulder and tell her stories. Sometimes she would look at him tilting her head this way and that in rapt attention. On evenings when she was tired, her head would flop down, and the only indication that she was listening was an occasional twitch or two. Then there were times when a howl drifted over the mountains calling her. Kita would prick up her ears then raise her nose in the air. Once she had paced back and forth whining. But she had never left, and Marook was humbled by her devotion. With a happy bound, the wolf disappeared into the tall grass.
Shaking his head, Marook turned to his cousin. How are the berries this season? 
Kaelah smiled. We have lots, I dont ever remember so many. Mother and Grandmother can hardly keep up with my picking.
That many, huh? Marook smiled. Ill make good trade. As they neared the village, the trail grew wider and smoother. Hows Grandmother?
Kaelah lived with her mother and her paternal grandmother, Ooma. Her father had died before she could remember him.
Kaelah was thoughtful. The same. Maybe a little slower.
Shes reached a great age, Marook mused. 
Yes. 
In the distance, some of the villagers were coming to meet them.
Marook glanced at Kaelah. And look at you. Youre a beautiful woman now. He noticed how tall shed grown since he had seen her last. She had always been beautiful, with smooth skin and dark hair. And by the gods, if she didnt fill out her shift nicelyif they werent cousins, he would have been smitten. Do you have a favorite man?
She sighed inwardly. No.
Dont worry. In time.
Kaelah drew a deep breath; it was hard pulling the sled. Deeks the only unbound man, and its expected that hell bid on Tether.
Marook shrugged. Travelers come. Youll have many chances for choosing a man.
Marook didnt know, she had already argued with her mother. Muera, Kaelahs mother kept to herself. She was direct and efficient in her dealings with the other villagers, never wasting time on friendly chitchat. Some avoided her abrasive manner. Others were more forgiving; the woman had lost her man and was left to raise a daughter and care for his mother by herself. But, even with her daughter, Muera kept herself at a distance. It might have bothered Kaelah but her Grandmothers affection filled the void of missing love.
Muera had been grinding seeds for a cereal mash when Kaelah finally broached the subject that had been troubling her for some time. Mother, have you noticed, Im at the age when a man might bid on me?
Muera shrugged. Theres no need for you to find a man. We have all we need.
Kaelah licked her lips. Her mother didnt like being challenged. I might like to bond with a man.
When Muera glanced up from the grinding stone Kaelah could see the deep furrows in her brow and around her mouth. Not the laugh lines of happy people but frown lines formed by annums of discontent. Muera said dismissively, You dont know what youd like. You know nothing of life. Just silly notions. I said you dont need a man. Were fine without one.
Kaelah gently persisted. Mother, I have thought about it and I think I might like to bond. Therere no men for me here in our village. I might never know a man if I dont leave.
Muera rose to her feet she didnt like her authority questioned. Whats this sudden need for a man? We get along fine without one. What about your grandmother and me?  What will happen to us if you leave? Have you thought of that? Ive given my whole life over to you, and this is your respecting thank you. Well, therell be no leaving. And no more discussing it. She sat down the conversation over. As an afterthought she muttered, Maybe a traveler will come and stay. You can have him.
Wordlessly, Kaelah looked down at her mother. Of course, Muera was aware that it was common practice for a woman to leave her village and go with a man. Rarely did a man stay in his womans village. Kaelah considered: she could just sneak off and leave, but she wanted the Leave Blessing of her village and family. She would drop the subject for now. Perhaps Muera would see reason after she had had time to think it over.
Kaelah would like to have discussed the situation with Marook, but already others from the village were arriving to help pull the sled.
Excited to see Marook, the villagers surrounded him with friendly greetings and backslaps. Some asked about his goods while others were interested in gossip and news from distant relatives. Two men took over the pulling ropes.
Kaelah drifted behind the crowd as it returned to the village. She pulled the shells from her bag. It would be customary to wear them in her hair and eventually favor them to a chosen man. She held them up and admired them as the colors changed in the light. Yes, when strung with some feathers and beads they would be gorgeous in her hair. She returned them to her bag and hurried on. Grandmother would be waiting.
Most of the village had turned out to greet Marook. Eager but patient, the villagers waited until he had eaten and rested before expecting him to display his goods for trade. Somebody had pushed a bowl of food into his hands, and already he was telling stories between bites. His wolf, Kita, ran off to sniff the perimeter of their surroundings.
The hub of the village was the large Tribal Lodge where evening meetings were held. Smaller dome-shaped grass-and-mud huts scattered around the area. In front of the huts were small stick structures known as drying racks. Ribbons of threaded berries looped on the racks, drying out in preparation for trade.
Kaelah made her way between the huts, the aroma of berries so strong her tongue could taste their mild, pleasant flavor. She reached the hut she shared with her mother and grandmother. 
Muera was hanging a string of berries. Any rabbits? her mother asked.
No, Kaelah answered, feeling guilty that she had been distracted watching for Marook. Ill get some frogs later. She turned to her grandmother. Ooma sat on a ground mat, a basket of berries in her lap. Although her eyes were not young, she still strung berries swiftly and surely from many annums practice.
Kaelah squatted down next to her grandmother, put an arm around her shoulders, and pulled out her new shells. Marooks come. Look at the shells he gave me.
Muera looked over Kaelahs shoulder and pressed her lips together. How much did you trade for those? she asked.
I didnt trade; he gave them to me.
Ooma took a long moment to focus on the shells. Theyre lovely. Theyll look beautiful in your hair. Finished for the day, she carefully wound the thread around her berry needle and put it in the needle box. I hope he bought some dusk tea leaves.
Kaelah stood. He knows its your favorite. Im sure hell have some for you.
Good. Ooma reached out a bony hand. Help me up. Lets go find that scamp.

_   _  _

The morning murmurs of the village drew Kaelah from her dreams, but leisurely she kept her eyes closed for a few more moments. The relaxing warmth of the soft sleeping furs made her reluctant to leave their embrace. Then Mueras foot nudge her. Time to get up.
Outside the hut Muera was already building a fire. Your grandmother is tired these days, she said. She put a clay pot over the fire and started a tea of dusk leaves. Im glad Marooks come. Well make good trade this season.
Kaelah looked around. Do you know where he stayed last night?
No. Muera didnt care. What are your plans for today?
Kaelah thought for a moment. I want to check my snares, but first Ill get more berries for Grandmother. She picked up two baskets. Will this be too many?
Muera stopped stirring the tea and looked at the baskets Kaelah indicated. No, if she has trouble stringing that many, Ill help her. 
Ill go now before she wakes up. Kaelah picked up a long pole from the side of the hut, her Fang Stick. Almost as tall as herself, the young tree limb had been stripped of bark then painted with scales, fangs and the evil eyes of a striking snake.


A thick fog had settled into the valley during the night, and now the villagers were emerging from their huts, taking advantage of the cool morning air. Already, women were taking clay pots down to the stream to retrieve water, a group of men were strategizing a hunt, and hungry birds were being chased off berry racks by anybody who was nearby. 
Kaelah saw two children playing as she walked past and called to them, Fawn, Ralu, Im going to the berry bushes, want to come?
Yes. Here we come. Their mother looked up from cooking and waved as her children scampered off with Kaelah.
The three walked for a time. The closest berry bushes had already been picked clean, so they were forced to hike farther. Their trail crossed a meadow before entering the pine trees. Droplets from last nights dew still covered the grasses, but the sun was struggling through and would be warm by the time they returned.
While Fawn, the older of the children, collected flowers, Ralu confided in Kaelah. I dont like the fang snakes.
Neither do I, Kaelah whispered. She hefted the stick. Thats why we have the Fang Stick, to chase them away.
Ralu was solemn. When I die, I hope its not the Fang Gods who take my spirit.
Shh, Kaelah admonished gently, we need to be respectful. Besides, the fang snakes chase the berry eaters away.
They entered the pine trees. It was cooler here, where the sun was never fully able to breach the thick limbs. Kaelah listened to the stream talking to her. This was where the berries grew best, near the water. This way, the stream beckoned, beyond the path. They left the path and fought their way through wild brush. Kaelah was elatedthe bushes in the area were heavy with berries. She would be able to fill her baskets quickly and come back for more tomorrow.
Well work here, she told the children. Kaelah set her baskets down, then took her Fang Stick and thrashed around the bottom of the bushes to scare any snakes away. Now its safe.
As Kaelah filled her baskets, Fawn and Ralu ate the berries they picked. When finished, she looked at Ralu. He was covered in berry juice from his face to his tummy.
Look at you, Kaelah laughed.
Mmm. Theyre yummy.
She made a couple of useless swipes with the hem of her shift to wipe him clean. Im done for today. Well come back tomorrow.
They chatted amiably on the way back. The air had turned a light warm, and Kaelah was satisfied with her mornings work. Shed been able to fill her baskets quickly. With so many berries this season, Kaelah wondered what her mother would trade for.
What else did Marook have in his sled? And besides Marook, there would soon be other traveling merchants. In the past she had seen a wide variety of goods, carved ornaments, games, furs, unusual food, and useful supplies. Medicinal herbs were frequently traded, and Grandmothers favorite, dusk tea.
By the time the three were near home, Kaelah had been carrying the berries a long time, and they were starting to feel heavy. She was grateful to see her friend Tether running out to meet them. As Kaelah watched her approach, she noticed a flurry of activity in the village. When Tether reached Kaelah, she took one of the heavy baskets. Whats going on? asked Kaelah. Has another merchant arrived?
Tether was a little younger than Kaelah, and taller. Pretty, too. But her most arresting feature was her eyes. Where most Valley and Mountain people had dark eyes, Tethers eyes were a vivid green.
Breathless more from excitement than running, Tether answered, Four Ice Men have arrived. Theyve come to trade. She looked meaningfully at Kaelah. Theyre also looking for women. Kaelah, they have the most beautiful white fur capes.
Kaelah felt an unwarranted annoyance toward her friend. Dont be empty-headed. It takes more than a white fur cape to make a good man.
Undeterred, Tether went on, Theyre handsome.
I thought you wanted Deek, Kaelah said crossly.
Tether flipped her hair defiantly and raised her chin. He hasnt bid on me yet, so I might go with the Ice Men. Kaelah was surprised at the admission. Tether and Deek had been together for some seasons, and it was assumed by most that Deek would bid on Tether and she would accept. 
Kaelah softened. Ill miss you if you go.
You might go too.
I have to think of Mother and Grandmother.
 Kaelah, theyll be fine without you. If you wait until your mother passes before you find a man, youll be as old as the Healer. She noticed Kaelahs reluctant grin. Anyway, these men know Marook. Theyre talking to him now.
Marook knows lots of people. Kaelah waved good-bye to Fawn and Ralu as they ran off to their hut.
By now Kaelah could make out four figures dressed in white fur. Just as Tether said, they were talking to Marook, as well as the Wise One, Pocheao. Kaelah sniffed. It was way too hot to be wearing a fur cape. What arrogance! They were showing off.
The young women reached a fork in the lanefrom there, their huts were in different directions. Tether returned the basket of berries. I have to get home. I hope theres a Tribal Circle.
Kaelah took the basket as they parted. Yeah, there probably will be one. Bye, Tether. Thanks for the help. 
As Kaelah continued, her path took her closer to the group of men. She took a surreptitious peek at them. Those white fur capes were unbeatable. The third man was laughing at something, his head thrown back in happy abandon. He had a beautifully symmetrical face. As she considered this she glanced at the other three. The second one, the tallest, was looking at her. No, he was boldly staring at her. He smiled. What arrogance!
Annoyed at being caught interested in them, Kaelah tried to flounce off. But, darn, she knew the heavy baskets and Fang Stick made her look clumsy. Her anger mounted, and she raised her chin to a haughty angle.
By the time Kaelah arrived at home, Ooma was already sitting on her mat with her threading needle and string, waiting for the berries. Kaelah lowered the baskets next to her. Good morning, Grandmother.
Yes, it is. Warm sun and dusk tea. What else do you need?
Kaelah smiled at the small requests.
Kaelah. 
She turned and watched as her mother used a stone knife to scrape hair off a hide. Yes, Mother?
Do you think you could take a basket and get some sour grass?
Kaelah was confused. Today? she asked. 
Yes. 
The request was odd. The tangy reed grew in the marsh between the first and second mountains of Wolf Jaw. It was an all-day trip, usually started first thing in the morning.
I need to check my snares. And besides, the mornings already passed, the sun will be gone long before I get home.
But I promised Geoff sour grass for the deer meat and this skin he gave me, Muera explained.
Kaelah looked at her mother in angry frustration. She stood, indecisive. She really didnt want to go today, but if Muera had promised Geoff the sour grass, they were obligated to honor the trade. Silently, Kaelah fumed. She grabbed a basket. The sooner she left, the sooner she would return, and if she was going today shed better get started.
The long hike gave Kaelah an opportunity to ponder her mothers action. Why had Muera promised the sour grass when she knew it would take all day? A chilling thought settled on her. 
The Ice Men!
Had Muera sent her on this fools errand to prevent Kaelah from seeing the Ice Men? If the men from Brumal were just here for one day, as was often the case with travelers, and if Kaelah was gone all day getting sour grass, she would have no opportunity to meet them. No. Muera wouldnt waste her time like that. StillKaelah twisted the handle of the basket. Even though she tried to clear her head of the disturbing thought, she could find no other reason for her mothers odd behavior.

_  _  _

Kaelah, time to get up. Kaelah stiffly left her bed and joined Muera in front of their hut. She picked up two baskets and the Fang Stick before starting off.
Kaelah, wait, what are your plans for today? Muera asked.
Kaelah turned to her mother. Why share my plans? You ignored me yesterday, she shot back.
Oh, Kaelah, you arent still angry, are you?
Yes. I am. She turned on her heel and marched away. It had been well past the moon last night when she returned, cold and hungry. And the suspicion that it had been an attempt to make her scarce during the Ice Mens visit antagonized her further. 
As anxious as she was to check her snares, Kaelah didnt want to give up the berries that shed discovered the day before. She decided to fill another two baskets this morning then check her snares. As she had before, she called out to the children, Fawn and Ralu, when she passed their hut. Want to go berry picking?
Fawn stopped playing. Yes. We want to come. But wait, Armana wants to come, too. She hurried off to get her older sister.
Kita, Marooks wolf, who had been out on a morning patrol, approached Kaelah. She put down her baskets and scruffled the animals neck. Good morning, Kita, she said fondly. Kita sat in weak pleasure before suddenly sprinting off. Kaelahs eyes followed her as she raced back to Marook. Too late, Kaelah noticed he was standing with the tall Ice Man. 
So they had stayed the night. Still in his silly fur coat. They were laughing about something, and before Kaelah could look away, the tall stranger locked eyes with her. Hed caught her looking at him again. What arrogance. Annoyed with herself, she turned away. GoodArmana had just arrived. Come, said Kaelah, lets go, and she huffed off. 
Armana had her own basket for berries. Thanks for letting me come with you. Fawn said there were lots of berries.
Yes, enough to keep us busy for days.
Im glad. Mama says if I pick enough, I can make trade for myself.
We should be able to get that many. Well keep coming as long as therere berries.
Thanks.
Kaelah watched as Fawn and Ralu chased after butterflies and grasshoppers. Something touched her heart. Sadness? Envy? It had been a long time since she had felt so carefree about anything. Ralu picked up a pretty stone and brought it to Kaelah before he ran off again.
Armana shifted her basket. Theres a lot of excitement with those Ice Men visiting.
I suppose so.
Were having a Fire Circle tonight.
Oh, I hadnt heard yet, Kaelah said. So the Ice Men were staying.
Yes, Mamas doing all kinds of cooking.
Thats good, Kaelah said, there should be storytelling as well as food. The village was in a festive mood. The season of cold was over. The first of the traders had arrived as well as visitors from Brumal. Add to that the exceptional berry crop, and there was every reason to celebrate. A Tribal Circle had been called for.
Armana looked solemn. They bought special gifts. 
I heard. Kaelah thought of the white fur capes. 
Mama says for bidding. 
Yes.
They bid for women. 
Kaelah shrugged. Sometimes.
Why do men bid?
Kaelah thought before she answered. It was important that stories be remembered and passed down accurately.
Well, there was a time, many fathers ago, when our men used to war against the Suns and the Brumals.
Like the Marauders do today? Armana asked.
Yes, Kaelah continued, the men would destroy villages, kidnap women and girlskill each other.
Sounds awful. Armana wrinkled her brow.
Yes, well, the fighting continued until one annum nearly every man was killed or wounded. The gods were angry at all the fighting and sent a great sickness through the villages. Many more people died. There was no one to hunt, no one to build huts. No one to pick berries. 
Kaelah and Armana entered the pine trees. 
The women asked the gods for mercy. They made the men promise the gods that there would be no more fighting. No taking women. If a man wanted a woman, he had to ask her. So the men started bidding gifts as a way of asking. 
Armana nodded. I like it better this way.
Kaelah smiled. So do I. The water splashed musically, and they arrived at the berries. Here we are. Kaelah and Armana picked berries while Fawn and Ralu danced off after a butterfly.
When Kaelah returned home with her berries, she noticed that her mother wasnt preparing a food bowl for sharing, which would be customary at a Tribal Circle. 
Mother, arent you fixing something for the Tribal Circle tonight?
No. Muera casually looked over her shoulder. I thought we might stay home tonight.
Why? Not to attend a Tribal Circle was an insult to village custom.
Matter-of-factly Muera replied, Its permitted to miss a meeting if youre unwell.
Kaelah glanced at her grandmother. Ooma was stringing berries and didnt appear ill. The suspicion growing again, she asked, Whos unwell?
Muera turned to face Kaelah. I thought after your journey yesterday you might be too tired to attend the meeting tonight, she said innocently.
Im fine, thank you. Kaelah fumed. And Im looking forward to the meeting tonight. But to attend without the customary bowl of food to share was poor etiquette. Kaelah could feel her temperature rising. Anger was not the time for words. She would address this later with her mother, when she had calmed down. Without question, she and her mother must come to an understanding.
Ill check my snares, she said curtly, and left before Muera could respond.
Just as Kaelah had feared, her snares had been tripped and any game caught was now gone. She began the task of resetting them. The field was quiet. Men of the village preferred to put their effort into bigger game, like deer and elk, which left the meadow of rabbits ignored by most except Kaelah.
As Kaelah worked she mulled over the conflicts she was having with her mother. So deep were her thoughts that she wasnt aware someone had joined her until he was right beside her.
Oh! You startled me, Kaelah admitted before she could stop her honest tongue. There beside her stood the tall Ice Man. Kaelah regretted her outburst.
The skill of a good hunter, he replied confidently.
And a bragger, too, she retorted.
Despite the put-down, the tall man smiled. My name is Raven Blackfeather. Im from Brumal.
Kaelah noticed he no longer wore the white fur cape. He wore only short pants and a mans shift, exposing his arms and legs. And, begrudgingly, she had to admit he had the attractive body of a strong man.
Marook says you would make a good partner if a man were interested in bidding on you.
The overconfident brute. Kaelah sniffed. That might be true, if I was interested in the man bidding on me, she replied.
Impossible as it seemed, his smile grew wider, and he asked in a silky voice, What would it take to interest you?
What arrogance! Kaelah didnt answer, but instead squatted down and continued working on her traps.
He remained where he was. Hmm. Dismissed like a bug.
Kaelah continued her work, pretending to ignore him, wishing he would go away. His presence rattled her. And then he squatted down and was helping her.
I dont need help, she said sharply.
The man, Raven, stood slowly. Perhaps I dont understand your customs. Where I come from, one man would not watch another work without offering to help. He started to move away.
Wait. Kaelah realized she was being churlish, and gave a sigh of resignation as she stood up. Thats our custom also. I would be happy for the help, she admitted. They call me Kaelah Bluewater.
The man had sure hands, and the speed with which he set the traps reminded Kaelah of her grandmothers speed at stringing berries. The chore was finished much quicker than if she had done it alone.
Kaelah picked up the string and sticks she hadnt used, and they started toward the village. Thanks for the help. That went quickly. 
Raven gave her a long glance before he answered, It was my pleasure, Kaelah. 
Kaelah. Raven said her name again, slowly this time, like it was a foreign word to him, and he was saying it for the very first time. Kaelah felt a squeezing in her body, an excitement almost like fear. She wondered if he felt it, too. She didnt dare look at him.
They had walked a distance before Raven started the conversation again. Marook tells me youre cousins. 
Kaelah felt she had safely recovered her composure. Yes. My father and his mother were siblings.
And he claims to be a favorite of yours.
Kaelah laughed. Thats true. I wish we saw more of him.
Did you grow up together?
No, Marook grew up in Sol, but he spent a great deal of time visiting. His father was a traveling merchant and Marook often accompanied him. I love him like a brother. The path passed near a berry-picking site. Oh, here are the berry bushes. Have you tried them?
Many times. Theyre a favorite trade in our village. 
Kaelah pffed. Those would be dried, and theyre good, but not nearly as sweet as straight from the bush. Come, Ill show you.
They left the path and made their way into the cool shade of the pine trees. Kaelah listened to the water. The berries had been thinned out somewhat, but it was still easy enough to find stragglers. Heres a good place, she said as they approached the bushes.
Raven eyed the prickly stems. 
You pick them like this. She demonstrated, deftly plucking them off the branches. Only pick the red ones, and be careful of thorns.
Raven gingerly picked a few and tossed them in his mouth. Umm. They are good. How many can we eat? Ouch! He jerked his hand back and extracted a tiny thorn.
Kaelah smiled. As many as we want, but careful, too many will give you a stomachache. Kaelah glanced at Raven and he was already looking at her. When he smiled, his eyes squinted and his perfect white teeth showed. 
Kaelahs insides squeezed again. Her breath was coming like shed run a great distance. She turned away; she didnt want him to see how confused he could make her. Even the tender berries that she loved so much seemed to have lost their flavor.
As they moved among the bushes, a startled chipmunk ran from beneath one to the safety of a pine tree. Your village will have a Tribal Circle tonight, Raven said around a mouthful of berries.
Yes, Kaelah confirmed. She picked a berry, then spent some time inspecting it.
Will you be there?
She hesitated. I should be. 
Maybe Ill see you, he suggested.
Kaelah didnt want to talk to Raven at the Tribal Circle. She feared her mother would give him a rude reception. Fortunately, Valley custom was in her favor.
No, Ill sit with my family, she said. And youll be up front with the honored guests. Marook will be there. Hes always fun. He has lots of stories. Kaelah was anxious to change the subject. Have you wandered before?
Only to hunt, but sometimes were gone several days.
Whats the Ice Camp like?
Brumal is many days behind the mountains. He waved his arm. Its often covered in ice and snow. And its cold, much colder than here. We wear heavy capes and wrap ourselves together to keep warm. We do some of our hunting in the endless water. Have you heard it?
Kaelah nodded. Yes, Marook described to me.
Some of the sea creatures are bigger than anything on land. We go out in our skiffs and hunt them.
Sounds scary. 
It can be. But when we catch a whale, it lasts a long time.
A whale?
Raven shrugged. Its like a big fish.
Kaelah held her arms wide apart. Bigger than this?
Raven suppressed a smile. A little.
That would be a big fish, Kaelah mused.


The smell of roasting deer told Kaelah that her mother had decided to make something for the Tribal Circle after all. Besides the roast deer, Muera had also made quashballs by grinding grain, rolling it with animal fat, and cooking them over the fire.
Muera looked up. No rabbits? she asked.
Kaelah was tempted to remind her mother that if she had checked her snares yesterday, there probably would have been rabbits. Instead she simply said, No. Kaelah began removing the dried berries from their strings. She neatly wound up the string for another use and put the small, hard, dried berries into leather bags ready for trade.
While the weather was good Kaelah decided to do some home maintenance.To build their huts, the Berry Pickers started with a frame of flexible limbs woven together in the shape of an inverted bowl. Grasses and twigs filled in the empty spaces and the last step was a layer of claylike mud spread over the outside.
Over time, wind and rain loosened the walls of the earthen huts and they had to be replastered with a gruel of dirt, clay, and moss.
Kaelah spent the rest of the afternoon mixing the special mud and strengthening some thin spots in the huts exterior. As she worked her mind drifted to the Ice Man. Kaelah caught herself smiling. Why not? He had been charming. But she would have to avoid him tonight. Kaelah was sure her mother would make life unpleasant if she found out about their friendship. By the time Kaelah finished the repairs, the sun was already hiding.
Kaelah entered their hut. Mother, can I help you with anything?
Im almost ready, Muera answered, making some last adjustments to her food bowls.
We should be leaving, Ooma said, anxious that they shouldnt miss any of the fun.
Kaelah had already laced the new shells that Marook had given her into a hair ornament with beads and feathers. She kept it in a pouch next to her sleeping mat, and several times she had secretly taken it out to admire it. She retrieved the leather strip and quickly braided it into her hair. 
Hello, are you still here? Marook announced his presence.
Yes, Marook, come in, Muera called back.
Marook ducked under the door. Are you ready to go? he asked.
Muera looked around the hut. Yes, I think so, she said, as she handed a bowl to Kaelah.
Marook bent down to Ooma. Grandmother, I have come to escort you to the Fire Circle, he said, as he helped her up.
As they left the hut, Marook whispered to Kaelah, I like the shells. Kaelah was a little self-conscious. Would Marook think that Kaelah had worn them just to impress the Ice Men? If she believed Raven, he and Marook had already been discussing herand she didnt want to add to their speculation.
This is my first opportunity to wear them, she said defensively. Marook said nothing but raised an eyebrow. The questioning gesture annoyed Kaelah, and she marched ahead.
The Tribal Lodge was big enough for all the villagers to occupy at the same time. A woven mat was used for a stage; on one side of the mat a small ceremonial fire burned, and on the other side, drums rested. Rows of log benches embraced the stage in a semicircle. Pocheao, the Wise One, had already thrown Blessing Herbs on the fire and the pungent aroma wafted through the village. As they neared, Kaelah smelled the herbs and said a prayer of her own.
The small group entered the building. Kaelah led them to the back row, even though there were empty seats closer to the front. If Marook thought it was odd, he made no mention. He saw them comfortably seated, then jogged down to the front to join his friends. 
Pocheao clapped his hands and held them up for silence. My people, we have honored guests from the Ice Land of Brumal. He bowed to the Ice Men. They stood and bowed to Pocheao, and then they turned and bowed to the audience. Kaelah watched as Raven scanned the audience. Was he looking for her? She hoped so. She hoped not. Kaelah hunched down behind the person in front of her. 
The Ice Men returned to their seats and Pocheao continued. They come to trade goods and strengthen friendship. Tonight we celebrate in food sharing and storytelling. Honored guestshe nodded to the Ice Menplease join us in sharing food and drink. Let us pass the bowls.
The village women had brought bowls of food to the meeting. Most of them had spent the afternoon preparing their favorite dishes for the celebration. Spiced venison, boar in sauce, and dried and spiced turo root passed among the crowd. Villagers took small portions from each bowl as it went by.
When the bowls were empty, Pocheao stood and put more Blessing Herbs on the fire. He turned to the audience. Time for storytelling. Jamba, you have a most recent Honor Scar. Would you like to tell us what happened?
With great self-importance, Jamba went to the stage mat and began his story. A wild boar tore my leg. He displayed a bright red scar along his right calf. We were hunting deer in the high forest, the brush so thick a man can not walk upright Jamba continued his story, and even though everyone had already heard it, they politely oohed and ahhed in appreciation. Jamba returned to his seat and Pocheao asked, Do our friends from the cold have any stories? 
Raven stood. I do.
Pocheao motioned him to the mat. Please tell us.
The tall Ice Man stepped forward. I am Raven Blackfeather, from Brumal. This is my story.
He removed a necklace he was wearing and held it high so all could see. Four large teeth were interspersed with a handful of much smaller, bead-like teeth. 
Raven started his tale with squinted eyes and a curled lip.
The sea devil is a mammoth seal. He has a long, loose, glutton nose and a blubbery body the size of a hut. Raven gestured with his arms tall and wide. They are fierce and bad tempered. 
The males fight for the females by rising up, then swinging down to crash against the neck of their opponent. His arms moved in a batting motion of much force. Slamming and biting each other over and over again until the land and water are red with blood. They fight for many hands of the sun, screaming and bellowing the whole while.
Raven paused and dropped his voice.
Our men were on a hunt. I was too young to go, so I stayed behind and sharpened spears. Then Ravens voice exploded in action: Suddenly, a sea devil splashed out of the water. Hed been wounded in a fight and was mad with pain. Bloody and blinded by rage, he started attacking our camp, thrashing his huge body into hut after hut. I thought hed destroy everything.
The women ranthey had no weapons. I had five spears. I threw one. He didnt even notice. Telling the story with fervor, Raven held an imaginary spear high above his head. I threw the second and he screamed his fury, looking around for me. He was chasing me now, and I threw wildly, completely missing him, then I stumbled and fell. I flipped to my back. I couldnt waste any more spears. My fourth spear hit him in the heart, but he kept coming. He was right upon me. He raised himself up to squash me and I heaved my final spear into him as deep as I could, then rolled. The ground shuddered as he slammed down next to medead.
He held up the necklace again. The women of my village collected his teeth and made this tooth necklace. 

_  _  _

Kaelah had spent the first part of the day picking berries with Armana. But now she walked down the trail toward the Frog Pond. She thought about Raven and wondered if the story he told last night was true or exaggerated. You could never tell with men. She chuckled to herself; it seemed they were always bragging.
And then Raven was beside her, his approach as silent as the day before. May I walk with you? he asked.
Yes. And she was secretly happy.
Are you checking your snares? he asked.
No. Kaelah indicated the net she carried. Im fishing today. She made a silent appraisal of him. Today he carried a bow and had a quiver with arrows slung over his shoulder. I enjoyed the story last night. You were very brave.
Thank you.
Kaelah stopped walking and faced him. May I see the necklace? She moved close to him. She was at eye level with the trophy piece. Look at all the engravings. Its beautiful. 
She could feel his breath on her face as he lifted a lock of her hair and fingered the hair ornament. Youre beautiful, too.
Kaelah stepped away. I must keep moving. It takes me a long time to catch any fish. Raven fell into step with her. Was it hard to engrave? she asked.
Yes. Its a great honor. It took the women many days. Raven picked up two stones and effortlessly started to juggle them.
Kaelah was silently impressed. So the storys true, just as you told it?
Indignant at her question, Raven stopped juggling. Of course its true!
Still skeptical, Kaelah asked, What does the sea devil look like? A bear?
Raven guffawed. No.
A wolf?
No, no, no. Imaginean otter.
Okay.
Raven began tossing the stones absentmindedly, a faraway expression on his face. But he has no tail, hes as mean as a badger, as big as a hut and as ugly as He searched for a word then shrugged. Ugly.
Kaelah was silent as she considered the image in her head.
Raven continued, If you came with me to the Ice Camp, you could see for yourself. I could show you animals youve never seen before.
Kaelah shivered. I dont know, the sea devil sounds too scary.
Raven jumped in. Dont worry, Id protect you. Im a great shot.
Kaelah gave him a doubting Hmm. He was about to huff a protest when Kaelah said, Never mind, heres the fishing pond.
The gentle stream that fed Frog Pond ran through the sun before coming to the wide, shallow fishing hole. The natural rock dam barrier prevented the fish from escaping too quickly; even so, they were difficult to catch. But it was the partially sun-warmed water that brought Kaelah to this spot. The water of most streams at this time of annum was barely warmer than the ice it had melted from, making wading in it impossible. But the water of Frog Pond, although bitterly cold, was still possible to wade in for a short while.
Raven watched, transfixed, as Kaelah took off her slippers and rolled up the hem of her shift, exposing most of her legs. She tied a sash around her hips to keep the hem in place. Do you want to help? she asked.
The water looks cold, he objected.
It is.
Then Ill stay here.
As Kaelah entered the water with her net, she chatted over her shoulder. Theyre a little tricky to catch. I try to chase them into the corner where its shallow. See that big one? Ive tried to catch him before, but he keeps getting away.
Before Kaelah could finish speaking, an arrow whizzed past her and speared the fish shed indicated. Surprised, she turned around to see Raven lowering his bow from a shooting position. 
Huu. You are a great shot. She retrieved the fish and arrow before wading back to shore. Im impressed, she admitted.
Raven took the arrow she handed him. What do you pay me for this fish?
Kaelah was a little surprised. Pay you?
Raven smiled slowly. Sayhe raised an eyebrowa kiss?
A kiss. Kaelah felt the squeezing inside. The terrible, wonderful, fearful excitement. Stilla kiss. One. No one would know. Well, I supposeone.
One, Raven repeated. Where shall I take one kiss?
He picked up her hand. Slowly. He ran his hand over the top of hers, then turned it palm up. He brought it close to his mouth. 
Here? No.
Kaelahs heart beat unevenly in her chest.
Deliberately, his thumb moved up the inside of her arm until it reached the hollow of her elbow and drew small circles. Here? No.
Her traitorous heart bounced from side to side in her body.
Lets see His lips followed his hand as it traveled up her arm to her shoulder. He was very close. There are so many places 
Her head tilted. A breath escaped. This body was not her own.
Warm fingers molded themselves to her neck; lips whispered, Kaelah, past her ear. She felt his pleasant breath on her cheek, then he took his one kiss.
Kaelah closed her eyes. It was difficult to remain standing. It seemed forever, yet too short a time, before Raven stepped back. They studied each other. Kaelah felt awkward as she tried to steady her breathing. He was staring at her, and she wondered what he was thinking. Then he told her.
I could catch another.

CHAPTER TWO

By the time Kaelah returned to her hut, a sprinkling rain had started.
Muera hurriedly began placing skins over the drying berries. Kaelah, help me, the rain will be heavy soon. She picked up another skin and asked irritably, Where were you? Youve been gone a long time.
Kaelah put the fish on a rock and began helping her mother. I was at the fishing pond. I didnt realize the weather was turning.
Muera observed the string of fish. You caught more than usual. Then the downpour started and prevented her from making any more comments.
Muera had a small fire in the hut, just big enough to see by, and to make dusk tea for Ooma.
Kaelah sat near the doorway. The rains slowing.
Muera looked up from stirring the leaves. Thats good. We want to dry those fish tomorrow. She narrowed her eyes and scrutinized Kaelah. Something was different. SomethingKaelah was no longer a girl. There had been times lately when Kaelah had shown alarming signs of independence. She remembered their recent argument. Taking a resolving breath, she addressed Kaelah. Youre wondering who will bid on you. Ive been thinking, what about Sharpo?
Sharpo! The widow? Kaelah was incredulous. Hes nearly your age. And he has three children. I have no desire to bind with him.
Muera gave a small shrug and shook her head. I cant think of anyone else.
Kaelah faced her mother. There are four Ice Men here. What about them?
Muera stirred leaves into the boiling water. Youd have to leave.
Many girls leave, Mother.
Not when they have widowed mothers!
Mother, I would like to explore life for myself.
Muera spoke through gritted teeth. Therell be no leaving the village. You owe me that.
Well, I have a say, and I say no Sharpo. Im sorry, Mother. Kaelah ducked out the door and disappeared into the nearby pine trees.
Muera remained by the fire. She could feel Oomas disapproving glare, but said defensively, as if trying to convince herself, Shell turn.
Kaelah ran through the pine trees until she found a dry place under one of the great boughs and slumped down with a stone of sadness on her back. Her mother was going to be difficult.
This battle between them would go round and round with no conclusion. Either she left the village or she stayed. There was no half leaving, no way to compromise. Kaelah listened to the rain and tried to hear the music, but there was none.
After awhile Kaelah shivered. She had rushed out without her cape. Nothing would be accomplished while she was out here by herself. She returned to her hut and was grateful to find Muera and Ooma were already asleep on their mats. Kaelah got her own sleeping mat ready. She lay down. The stone moved from her shoulders to her heart. Muera expected Kaelah to sacrifice her chance for happiness and stay in the village. 

_  _  _

The sun was barely up the next morning when Kaelah exited the hut. As soon as she finished removing the skins from the drying racks, she would begin preparing the fish for drying. There were many. She looked at the pile and smiled at the memory. Then Raven, as if she had conjured him up, was there, his approach silent as always. Kaelah wondered if he had been waiting for her.
He stepped close. Will you be fishing today? he asked.
Shh. Kaelah put a finger to her lips. She didnt want Muera to hear. No, we have plenty.
A shame.
Can you meet me? Kaelah whispered. When the sun is highest?
Yes. Where?
Kaelah pointed. Follow that trail till it forks at a meadow. Wait for me there, she said softly.
When the sun is high, Raven repeated, and then he disappeared.
The sun was well past its high point when Kaelah finally arrived at the fork in the trail. The meadow grasses drifted in the slight breeze as small wrens balanced on the ends, investigating the seedpods for insects. Kaelah scanned the area, disappointed. No Raven.
Kaelah!
Raven stood up from the grass tufts and came toward her. Really! He had amazing camouflage skills.
He took her hands and gave her a lazy smile. Kaelah.
Im sorry Im late, she said. I didnt think youd still be here.
Id wait. He smiled again, and her insides fluttered.
He looked at her fingers and saw the purple stains of berry picking. Youve been picking berries.
Yes. Kaelah removed a pouch from her belt. These are for you. She gave him a leather bag of berries.
Thank you. He guided her to a rock and they sat down. Eating the berries one at a time, he said, I dont know much about you. Tell me about your parents.
My father died when I was very young. Mother and Grandmother dont talk about him.
Raven frowned. Was there a rift?
There must have been something, because they avoid any conversation about him.
Hmm. Whats your mother like? he asked.
Kaelah blew out a breath. We disagree a lot. Shes planned a future for me, but I would prefer to follow my own earth path.
Raven smiled. Ive heard that before. He ate the last of the berries. Most parents have trouble admitting that their children have grown up. But give her time. Im sure shell come around to see that shes done a good job of raising you and that youre a wise adult capable of making your own decisions.
Kaelah wasnt completely convinced, but she was willing to give her mother more time to reconcile with the changes she faced. She nodded to herself; she would try Ravens method of patience. The thought was uplifting. Yes, she said, and dismissing any reservations, she grabbed his hand and pulled him. Come, Ill show you our mountain. 
Kaelah took pleasure in showing Raven all the secret places she knew, where the eagle made his nest, where the healing compher leaves grew, where the men from her village found their arrowhead rock.
They circled back toward the village. This is Good Water Stream, Kaelah told Raven after they had crossed on small stepping-stones.
She bent down, cupped her hands, and drank from the stream. Try some. Its good. 
Raven copied Kaelah. I see why you call it Good Water.
Playfully Kaelah splashed him with a sprinkle of water.
Hey, Raven laughed. He grabbed Kaelah and picked her up, holding her over the stream. I could drop you in this cold, cold water.
Kaelah squealed. Then Ill hold you tight and well both go in.
Raven stepped back from the water. He let her feet touch the ground but kept his arms around her. I think I should take you with me when I leave.
Its late. I should get back and help with the berries, Kaelah whispered.
Raven smiled. If I let you go, can I see you tomorrow?
Yes, meet me by Frog Pond when the sun is highest.
Ill be there.

_  _  _

Kaelah lay on her sleeping mat, too excited to sleep. Raven had left strong hints that he was going to bid on her. Oh, she hoped it was true. Now that she knew him, she thought how desolate her life would be without him. She wanted to be with him. They would be happy following lifes stream together.
Before sleep came Kaelah went through a mental checklist of what she would need if she left the Valley. It was cold in Brumal. She had her light cape. And for severe weather, she had a heavy fur cape, with a hood, and boots and leg warmers. She would also take her favorite knife. And another pair of slippersa hike that far would require two pairs. She would make another pair in the morning. She snuggled deep into the softness of her fur blankets and thought about Raven.

_  _  _

Extra supplies were kept at the back of the hut and Kaelah found the dried skins she needed. Taking them outside into the bright light, she flattened them and using a bit of charcoal, she traced her foot. It wouldnt take long to cut and lace the slippers.
Muera was starting the dusk tea as she watched Kaelah. Why are you making another pair of slippers? Theres nothing wrong with the ones you have.
Kaelah was in too good a mood to have a confrontation with her mother. Im making another pair for Grandmother, so I thought Id make a pair for myself as well.
A waste of time, Muera muttered.
Kaelah made two pairs of slippers, one for Grandmother and one for herself. She used a sharp stick and berry juice to draw pictures of animal gods on them, for good luck on the journey.
Kaelah wore her new slippers when she went to meet Raven. They had the special softness of fur before it wears thin, and her feet were happy. She was excited, and hurried even though she wasnt late. But Raven was already there when she arrived, dozing in the warm sand. He stood up as Kaelah approached and smiled. And for a moment, Kaelah felt a happiness that she had never known before. She wanted to throw herself at the tall Ice Man, but contented herself with his warm embrace.
I brought some berries, Kaelah said, offering a bag.
Good, he replied. Sit down, I have a surprise. Raven retrieved a small jar and removed a cork of wood. Look.
Bee nectar! Kaelah was surprised. How did you get it? Its very dear.
I traded my white fur cape for it.
You didnt.
I did.
But youll be cold.
I have an old brown one. The man, Deek, wanted the white cape very badly.
Kaelah had a flash of Tether admiring the white fur capes. She smiled to herself. She was happy with the world and wanted the world happy, too. Then Im glad you traded it.
Raven produced two sticks with ends sanded to a point. He speared a berry, dunked it in the honey, and handed it to Kaelah.
She closed her eyes in pleasure as she savored the treat. Mmm. So good. Thank you. 
Raven speared another and again handed it to Kaelah. Arent you going to have any? she asked.
Its more fun watching youhe poked anotherbut Ill have some if it makes you happy.
They ate the berries and blissful honey. The sand was warm, the birds singing, the air full of pine scent. Every sense Kaelah had was filled with pleasure. She wondered if this much happiness could last.
Raven watched as she licked a stray drop of honey from her finger. Then his mood changed. My Ice Brothers say we must leave soon.
Will you go with them?
Yes.
Slowly, Kaelah removed the hair ornament from the braid in her hair.
Do the men of Brumal bid on women? she asked.
Raven chuckled. Yes. The women love it. Its a big event. He put the cork back in the empty honey pot before he added, Usually, before a bidding ceremony, women will give a gift of food to their favorite man. We call it gifting. If a woman gifts to a man, its her way of telling him that she would like him to bid on her.
Kaelah leaned close to Raven and braided the leather strip of shells and feathers into his hair. We have a similar custom, showing favor. See, if I take the shells and feathers out of my hair and braid them into yours, I would be showing favor.
Raven turned serious. Are you showing me favor?
Yes.
You would accept my bid?
Yes.
And you would come to Brumal with me?
Kaelah nodded. Yes.
Raven took the tooth necklace from around his neck and placed it on Kaelah. Then I bid my honor necklace for you. Its my most prized possession. 
Kaelah smiled. Silly, you cant bid here, therere no witnesses.
Raven stood. With arms outstretched, he turned slowly. The trees, the birds, the sky, the gods. Theyre all the witness I need, but so your village knows, I will bid for you again at the next Fire Circle.
Kaelah held the necklace off her chest. If I take your necklace now, youll have nothing left to bid.
He sat down next to her. I have my bow and arrow. Will you say yes?
Yes, she said with certainty.
Raven pulled her into his arms and held her for the rest of their time together.

_  _  _

Kaelah headed toward the berry patch with Fawn and Ralu. She swung her basket with elation; she couldnt help it. Gossip had drifted round the village that the Ice Men were going home and had requested that a Fire Circle be held before they left. 
Kaelah, wait! Ill come with you. Kaelah turned and waited as her friend Tether hurried to catch up. Ive been looking for you. Tether was smiling broadly. I have something important to tell you. She paused for emphasis. Deek has decided to bid on me.
Tether! Kaelah hugged her. Thats wonderful.
Tether looked truly happy. I told him I wanted a white fur cape, and somehow he got one.
Kaelah chuckled to herself. Has he collected any bee nectar lately?
Tethers brow furrowed. Why, yes, he did. He had several bee stings. How did you know?
Kaelah shrugged. She watched Ralu. He had a basket of his own today, and hed put it on his head as he twirled around in circles. I have a surprise, too, she admitted. I think one of the Ice Men is going to bid on me.
Kaelah! Really? Which one? Will you say yes?
I think so. I want to go with him.
Ill miss you.
Oh, Tether. Tethers tender words touched Kaelah and for a moment it made her sad to think she would leave the valley forever. Ill miss you, too. We can still send news to each other through Marook.
Tether pulled a lock of hair behind her ear. What did your mother say?
She doesnt know yet. Kaelah sighed. She wants me to bind with Sharpo.
Tether grimaced. No.
She doesnt want me to leave the village, and if I bind with Sharpo, I would have to stay. Ralu was now in the basket, bunny hopping with it. Will you watch over her?
Of course I will, Tether promised. Privately, she thought Muera selfish in her reluctance to give Kaelah a warm Leave Blessing. 
Kaelah changed to a happier subject. I guess youll be busy getting a hut ready. They entered the cool, filtered light of the pine trees.
Yes, Deek has already planned a hut site. Hes going to build one just past the Healer.
Thats a good place, observer Kaelah, nice and sunny. A long walk for water, though.
Thats what my mother said, but Im still young.
Kaelah held a branch back for Tether, and they came upon several heavily laden berry bushes. Does this look good?
Tethers eyes widened in delight. Oh, lucky find.
Kaelah thrashed her Fang Stick into the brush. I dont know what to feel. Im happy and excited, but sad, too.
Thats to be expected.
Kaelah and Tether began filling their baskets. Kaelah noticed that Ralu had abandoned his basket for climbing on logs instead. She decided she would fill it for Armana after she had filled her own.
When will you leave? asked Tether.
Soon. Right after the next Fire Circle, I think.
So soon? Will you be ready?
Before Kaelah could answer, she heard giggling. She glanced around as she made out Ralu saying, Hes cute, followed by Fawns, Dont chase it. The hair raised on the back of her neck.
Fawn? Ralu? Where are you? What are you doing?
Over here. Kaelah followed the sound of their voices around a fallen tree, and then froze. The children stood at the foot of a pine tree waving toward a tiny bear in the lowest branches. Look, Kaelah, its a baby bear. Hes lost his mama.
Kaelah could hardly draw a breath. Shh. Dont go near it. Quick, come away.
The children reluctantly came away with her. Then Kaelah noticed Tethers fearful, frozen expression. Kaelah followed her line of sight and saw what could only be the mother bear.
Oh, my spirits! Acid raced up her throat. The bear stood on its hind legs and roared her fury.
Behind her, Kaelah heard Tether screaming. Kaelah pushed the children toward her. Tether! Take the children! Run!
Kaelah! No!
Again Kaelah commanded her, Tether! Go! Go! With a sob, Tether took the children and disappeared.
Kaelah held the Fang Stick out like a shield. She backed away slowly, maybe
The bear had paused to assess the situation in her simple mind. Then she charged with such speed, she made thirty bounds before Kaelah could take another step.
Completely ignoring the frail Fang Stick, the bear raked her clawed paw down Kaelahs face and shoulder. Then she batted Kaelah airborne. Kaelah had barely hit the ground before the bear grabbed her and shook her to and fro until the bear thought the body lifeless.
The bear gave Kaelah one more stomp for good measure. Swaying her big head, looking for any signs of life, the mother bear backed off. Convinced it was safe, she collected her offspring and wandered off.

CHAPTER THREE

Tether and the children were in a screaming panic as they ran toward the village. They were halfway home before two village hunters heard them and came to their aid. As quickly as possible, Tether related the story. The men told Tether to take the children home, that they would investigate. 


There she is.
The hunters made their way to Kaelahs body. The older one, Geoff, frowned in concern; so much blood and so muchinjury. He knelt down and as softly as possible, he rolled her over. She was still breathing.
The second hunter looked down at her and gasped in horror. Her face is gone! he said in a hoarse whisper.
Shh. Geoff swatted at him. He took off his shift and gently wrapped it around the motionless body before lifting it up. Quick, he ordered. Run ahead. Go to Muera; tell her to get a bed ready. Then go get the Healer and her medicine. I will follow as fast as I can. 


The forest was silent.
After some time, a lizard was the first to investigate the scene. Tentatively, it left its burrow. The reptile stretched his neck high, looking right and left, then he scurried forward. There had been a scuffle here, and the lizard looked for scavenge as he scuttled over a broken Fang Stick and some scattered decorated sea monster teeth.


By the time the young hunter arrived, breathless from his sprint, Muera had already heard from Tether. In a frenzy, she got sleeping mats and fur blankets ready. Nedoe, the Healer, arrived at Mueras hut. She was at such a great age, nobody could remember a time before she was the healer. In addition to her vast knowledge of plants and herbs, she was a wise observer of human behavior as well. The village residents respected her greatly. She put a stilling hand on Mueras arm. Slow, she soothed, be calm. That is what Kaelah will need.
Nedoe swept everyone from the hut. And when Geoff arrived, she instructed him to lay Kaelah on the sleeping mats. The Healer removed Geoffs shift, and the sight of Kaelah made her fall to her knees. By the gods, she moaned.
It took a long time for Nedoe to wash and examine Kaelahs body. It was more than a Healer could fix; the wounds were deep and, Nedoe suspected, fatal. Kaelah had lost a good portion of skin and lots of blood. A damaged eye looked like it had collapsed. Reverently, the Healer gently folded flaps of skin back in place. She bowed her head in sorrow, rocking back and forth in grief. It would be best to let her go quickly.
Muera had resented being chased out of her hut. She paced back and forth, silently cursing everything from the gods on high to the lowly puffs of dirt that she kicked up. Her lip curled, and none of the milling villagers approached to comfort her.
Ooma sat quietly on her mat and watched Mueras militant strides. It troubled her that the feeling Muera expressed was anger rather than sorrow. But, she brooded, Muera had been growing increasingly hostile; she became argumentative and quarrelsome over the smallest things.
The Healer emerged from the hut. She went to Muera and took her hands. Oh, Muera. Im so sorrytheres nothingshes so badly injured. Nedoe tried to hug the distraught mother, but Muera pushed her away. We should give her a tea of redstem leaves. Nedoe held out a bag of herbs that if taken would send a man to a peaceful death. She will sleep and have pleasant dreams.
No! Muera said bitterly.
The Healer used a consoling voice. Muera, shes in terrible pain. A pain you cant understand. She used a soft touch to rub the top of Mueras arm in solace. I dont think she can live. We shouldnt prolong
Muera snatched the proffered bag of redstem from Nedoe and marched inside.
The Healer looked at the gathered crowd and gave a small shake of her head. Feeling her age, Ooma got to her feet and followed Muera into the hut. She wondered if she would be able to offer comfort.
Ooma looked down at Kaelah. She thought she still saw breathing. But the pain! The flesh was shredded on one side. Torn muscle and tendons showed through. Ooma put her face in her hands. She would like to mourn, but there would be time for that later. First they must prepare the redstem tea and a burial shroud. She turned to Muera. But Muera was not making the teashe was calmly looking in the needle box!
A little uneasy, Ooma asked, Muera, what are you doing? Muera didnt answer. Instead she continued to sort through the needles. We should be making that tea, Ooma said hopefully.
I wont let her die, Muera responded in a detached voice as she inspected a thick bone needle.
Ooma panicked; surely Muera wouldnt torture the girl by trying to sew her up. You heard the Healerbile clawed up her throatits best to let her go.
Shes strong. Shell live. Muera threaded the needle and calmly turned toward Kaelah.
Physically no match for Muera, Ooma took the chance and stood between mother and daughter. Let the Bear Gods take her. Theyll respect her. She fought bravely.
Move, Muera ordered without emotion.
No, dont do this, Ooma pleaded. She wont look right.
Ooma tried to block Muera, but she was easily overpowered. Grabbing Oomas frail wrist, Muera threw her aside. Get out, old woman.
Sobbing, Ooma dragged herself outside.
Muera knelt beside Kaelah. She looked down at her unresponsive daughter. The flaps of skin that the Healer had positioned didnt meet. The ear and the eyeMuera consideredWhat was the best way to do this? She took two pieces of skin and pulled them together. With what energy Kaelah had left she gave a pathetic scream, a feeble hand raised up to ward off the assault. Undeterred, Muera continued. With no energy left, all Kaelah could do was moan.
Still sobbing, Ooma placed her hands over her ears to muffle the tortured groans, and then she leaned over and retched.


Two days later the Healer returned and looked at Kaelah as she lay unconscious on the sleeping mats. Shocked, she reached out to steady herself. What have you done? she whispered hoarsely.
I told you she would live, Muera said smugly.
Nedoes legs felt strangely weak, and her throat closed on a gasp. Shaken, the Healer drew on annums of training to collect herself. In fact, the girl might be able to hear them, and as angry as she was with Muera, Kaelah must be the focus of her wisdom and energy.
She stood still until she was sure her voice would sound normal. Clearly, Muera had her own plans and more than likely would ignore Nedoes advice. Still, she was honor bound to try and help Kaelah. I have some dream mushrooms. She rummaged through her medicine bag. Cut a thin slice and place it under her tongue. It might help with the pain. She gave the dried ball to Muera. Ill check back in a few days.


Muera kept vigil by Kaelahs side. A few times Kaelah managed to come to, only to groan in pain. Muera stuck mushroom pieces under her daughters tongue, gave her sips of water, and tried to keep her warm. She was worried about infection, so she sent Ooma to the Healer for a poultice. 
The old woman had not been gone long when Muera had a visitor.
Hello, is anyone home? Marook started to part the leather door of the hut.
Muera pushed him back out and let the hanging skin flap down behind her. Oh, hello, Marook. Im a little busy.
Hello, Muera. I wont stay long. I came to see Kaelah. Marook held a bouquet of wildflowers.
Muera shook her head. Shes too weak for visitors yet.
Im not a visitor, Im family, objected Marook, as he tried to see through the crack of the doorway.
Im sorry, Marook. Muera blocked his view. Shes not ready to see anyone yet.
Marook looked at her evenly. Im leaving and wont be back till the seasons turn again.
Muera smiled. Artfully she removed the flowers from Marooks grasp. By then shell be better, and it will give her something to look forward to. She raised the flowers to her face and smelled them. Thank you for coming, Marook. Ill tell her you were here. Have a good trip.
Outmaneuvered and frustrated, Marook left the hut. He would finish his business with the Valley and leave for the next village. Because of the bear attack, the Ice Men had postponed leaving, but now they too were in a need to leave and return to Brumal.
Marook and Raven sat together discussing Kaelah as they chipped spearheads. Im sorry, Marook said, Muera wouldnt let me see her.
Raven delivered a well-placed hit to the stone he was working on. Then she certainly wont welcome me.
What are your plans then? Marook asked, as he worked on his own piece of stone.
My Ice Brothers are leaving tomorrow. Raven picked up the spear piece and dusted the chips off. But I think Ill stay for a while.
Marook looked at the horizon trying to predict the coming weather. My friend, I have been here longer than usual. I think Ill be leaving with your brothers tomorrow.
Raven nodded. I thought so.


As Marook had anticipated, the next morning dawned without rain. He had packed his sled the night before; it was best to get an early start. The villagers who had so warmly greeted his arrival now turned out to bid him farewell. Marook gave a special hug to his friend Raven. Good luck with my cousin.
The Ice Men, who had traveled far, were returning home with gifts, new friendships, and stories. The happy, celebratory feeling they should have felt at heading home was overshadowed by the disappointment of leaving Raven behind.
Strong hands grasped shoulders in fond bear hugs. Raven, we are with you in spirit. And then the small party headed off. The novel experience of having others join them excited Kita, and she barked as she herded them up the path.
Raven stood for a long time watching them climb the trail up over the Wolf Jaw mountains.

_  _  _

There were still berries, but since Kaelah was unable to pick them, Armana and Tether picked berries, and Ooma strung them for trade. She sat on her mat as she strung the berries, not so fast anymore. The life had gone out of her fingers.
Ooma was aware of the limits of the earth body, and that her spirit must take its place in another form in the valley. Oh, how she wished she could have taken Kaelahs hand, and the two of them gone to the spirit home together.
Her fingers stopped moving as she brooded. Kaelah was a strong young woman, but Ooma found it doubtful that she would overcome this. Every time Ooma looked at Kaelah, she hoped for signs that she had exaggerated the horror in her mind, but no, it was still there. 
Halfheartedly, Ooma picked up her needle and resumed stringing berries. She looked up and was surprised to see one of the Ice Men. He must have stayed behind when the others left, she mused. It reminded her of the recent evening when Kaelah and Muera had argued and she wondered if there had been a favorite for Kaelah. That would make no difference now. 

Raven had settled among the villagers and watched Kaelahs hut. She never emerged; the only ones who went in or out were Kaelahs mother and grandmother. It had been many days and he was growing uneasy. She should have come out by now.
He had come across a nice piece of antler and was working it into a pick for Kaelahs hair when he saw the Healer going toward Kaelahs hut. Ah, finally. At the door she stopped and spoke to someone inside before entering. After a short time, the Healer came out, Muera on her heels. Raven couldnt hear their words, but the body language was unfriendly. It reminded him of two wolves circling before a fight. 
The Healer left. If she spent so little time in the hut, Kaelah must be better, he reasoned. It didnt matter. He was tired of waiting, he would go now, confront Muera, and tell her that he was going to see Kaelah.
Muera had her hands on her hips as she watched Nedoe retreat. She didnt see the Ice Man until he was at her door.
He made a slight bow. Mother of Kaelah, I want see your daughter.
Muera looked him up and down. Who do you think you are to order me around? She recognized him as one of the men from Brumal. Why dont you go back to your people?
Raven politely inclined his head. I want to see Kaelah first.
Well, she doesnt want to see you, Muera snapped. She made as if to reenter the hut.
Raven gently took Mueras arm. Yes, she does. She wants me to bid on her. She said she would come to Brumal with me.
Muera shook off his arm but paused to take another look at the tall man. She recognized the pink shells in his hair. His words must be true! Kaelah had favored him!
Shrewdly, Muera guided Raven out of hearing range from the hut. She steepled her fingers while quickly formulating a story.
No. She tried to smile sympathetically. She wants the man Deek to bid on her.
Deek! Ravens brows furrowed in confusion No, I gave her my ivory necklace. She wears it.
Muera shook her head. She doesnt wear it. 
Raven took a step back and observed Muera. Mother of Kaelah, the snake tells the mouse they are friends.
Are you calling me a liar? Muera gave a laugh. She used your silly necklace for trade. She waved her arm toward Brumal. Its off with Marook somewhere. Youve been made a fool.
Raven considered. The man Deek had wanted his white fur cape very badly, and Kaelah had been happy hearing of the trade. Was Deek saving it for Kaelah?
Shaken, Raven left without good-bye. He decided to talk to the Healer.
The Healer was at the back of her hut, examining the medicinal herbs she grew, when Raven arrived.
Raven dipped his head. Mother Healer, he addressed her formally, may I speak with you?
The old woman was tired after her hike around the village, but she recognized the Ice Man and welcomed him.
Do you have a pain, young man? she asked.
No, Ive come to ask about Kaelah Bluewater.
The Healers lips formed a grim line, and she went back to her herbs.
How is Kaelah? I havent seen her.
The Healer shook her head. It will take time. A very long journey.
But youve seen her?
The Healer was guarded. Yes.
Can you tell me, was she wearing a necklace? One of carved ivory beads?
Nedoe shook her head. No. She wasnt wearing a necklace. I would have noticed.
Raven was about to turn away when he thought of another question. Does she want to see me?
Nedoe looked at Raven. He was still young and handsome. When he saw Kaelah, what would his reaction be? Would he gasp in horror? Would he cover his eyes? Would his love be strong enough to overlook her disfigurement? Nedoe didnt think so. It would be easier on Kaelah if he left now, if she didnt have to see his expression of distaste and face his rejection. 
No, she doesnt want to see you. Nedoe cringed inwardly. Lying was akin to being a ground crawler.
But we had an understanding. Ravin persisted. Then his eyes narrowed in suspicion.  Is she in love with Deek?
The Healer vigorously crushed her herbs, They have known each other all their lives. At least that was true.  My friend, Im sorry. It would be best if you returned to Brumal.
Disbelief momentarily stunned Raven. Then an aching roar threatened to escape. No, no. It couldnt be true. He turned from the Healer and started to run. He ran and ran into the pines until he collapsed, too exhausted to run anymore. 
He lay, chest heaving, his fingers dug into the dirt as a tearless sob escaped from him, muffled by the ground. How could he have been so wrong? Why would Kaelah play this cruel trick? For an ivory necklace? A fur cape? A soulful moan escaped into the air. 
Weakened, his heavy breathing slowed. He spread his arms wide and hugged his friend the earth and felt the Earth God drift into him. As Raven lay there, the pink shells and feathers on a leather strip tangled in the roots of a tree and slipped out of his dark hair.
After a time, the tall Ice Man stood up slowly. He was Raven Blackfeather. He was proud. He would go back to his people with his head high. Raven decided he did not like the Berry Pickers. He would leave nowthis day. He made his way back to his small parcel of belongings in the village, and without a word to anyone, he left for Brumal.


A lizard cautiously emerged from his hole. He stopped and sniffed. He was headed for the sun-warmed rocks beyond, but something lay across his usual pathiridescent shell pieces and feathers on a leather strip.


Raven climbed the same path that Marook and his Ice Brothers had taken days ago. When he got to the top of the Wolf Jaw Mountain, he stopped and looked back. From here he could see the Valley people going about their business, their lives unchanged. Even his friends of nature were disloyal. The trees remained green, the sky as endless, the sun as warm. 

_  _  _

Kaelah drifted out of a fog of evil dreams. Oh, spirits, the pain! Her face. Her head. Her body. Kaelah gingerly put a hand up and touched her face. What was this? In confusion Kaelah began to panic. Wh-? Wh-? Mother? Mother!
Muera was at her side. Shh. Everythings fine. Youll be okay. This will help. Spongy mushrooms were stuffed into her mouth and Kaelah sank back into the evil dreams.
The next time consciousness floated back to Kaelah, she lay still and remembered. As the mists disappeared from her mind, a spider of fear walked over her body. She was afraid. It was too real to be a dream; the pain told her so. Kaelah raised her hand toward her face but paused, afraid to find
Finally, a shaking hand explored her face. Oh spirits, it was true. The eye, the ear, gone. Her fingers felt lumpy skin and stitch marks. Dry sobs heaved out of Kaelah as she tried to sit up. The pain. 
Muera darted into the hut and Ooma, who had been stringing berries, followed as quickly as she could. It had been several days since the bear attack and Ooma was worried about the shock Kaelah would suffer when she woke to find herself so disfigured.
Ooma also worried about Muera. Ever since the incident, she had been in a cheery mood. Any other mother would be grieving for her child. Bitterly, Ooma wondered if Mueras mind had caught some illness.
Kaelah, youre awake. How do you feel? You look wonderful, Muera said without empathy. Kaelah sat half propped up on her mat, sobbing.
Without a word, Ooma moved past Muera to sit next to Kaelah and put a soft arm around her shoulders. They sat together for a long time while tears fell from three eyes.

_  _  _

Im almost ready, and I made your favorite dish: spiced deer, Muera said as she put some mint leaf garnish on the food. She was very excited. Kaelah had not been out of the hut since the attack, nor had Muera allowed anyone to visit her. But tonight they would attend the Fire Circle. Kaelah could barely walk, so Muera had found a stick cane for her. Ready? Lets go.
Kaelah and Ooma remained silent while Muera chatted on. Everyones looking forward to seeing you, dear.
Ooh, everything hurts, Kaelah moaned as she limped slowly on unused muscles.
The best way to get better is to get up and start moving around. The Healers amazed. She never thought youd live.
She might know something, Kaelah muttered.
Stop it. Everyones excited to see you tonight, to see how well youve recovered. Were late, but well go slowly. Here, take my arm; its not far.
The Tribal Lodge had never seemed like such a long walk before. Even with her mothers encouragement, Kaelah moved slowly. The Fire Circle had already started before the women arrived. They entered at the back. 
and we also give thanks for Pocheao stopped midsentence, struck dumb at the sight of Kaelah. The other villagers turned to see what he was looking at. There were audible gasps of horror, frozen expressions, and hands covering faces. Ralu hid behind his mother.
Muera didnt seem to notice. Smiling, she lifted her chin and made a speech. Wise One. Friends. I bring my daughter. She has Honor Scars from the bear fight. She saved other lives that day. Muera paused and looked meaningfully at Ralus mother. Im sure some of you are anxious to thank her.
The mother of Fawn and Ralu moved awkwardly forward, uneasy but obligated. OhyesKaelah
Muera whispered smugly to Ooma, See, I told you she would be accepted.
Oomas lip curled. I wouldnt blow too soon.


It had been three days since the disastrous Tribal Council.
In the gloomy hut, Kaelah whittled on the pieces of stick that Grandmother bought her; the pile of shavings had grown quite large. Kaelah reflected on the expressions of shock and horror on the villagers faces. A mixture of anguish and humiliation had caused her to vow she would never leave the hut again. She knew it was unrealistic, but it was a satisfying thought at the time. A chip of wood fell from the stick she whittled; she smoothed the spot with her finger then put it aside.
 Of all the difficulties that Kaelah had faced the disappearance of Raven was the most painful. Kaelah had quietly asked Grandmother if any of the Ice Men had inquired about her. Oh, Kaelah, Im so sorry child. I wish I could say differently. But no, none of the men from Brumal came by. Kaelah had shrugged pretending indifference.  
Heart draining pain returned to her body. She let her head drop, and spine go limp while her hands lay weak and useless in her lap. He had given his bid. 
Raven had left her when she needed him most, when the bodily pain and the loss of self-confidence had crushed her into a hole of blinding darkness. He had left without good-bye. The coward. She had misjudged him. She should be relieved that hed slithered off.
But she missed him, the way he took her hand while they were walking. The soft kisses they shared. She loved the way his eyes crinkled when he laughed. She had trusted him with her secrets.  She made a small whimper of despair. She still loved him.
The prison of the hut was closing in on herthe dimness, the smell, the monotony of nothing to do. Kaelah suddenly felt claustrophobic. She had to get outside. Using her cane, she hefted herself painfully to her feet and shuffled outside, the brightness of the sunlight blinding her temporarily.
Kaelah shaded her face from the sun and limped along the path. Villagers disappeared as they recognized her slow progress. Fawn and Ralu ran and hid. A ball of grief formed in her chest, and she was about to turn back when she saw Tether.
Tether, she called. It was hard to talk when only half her mouth moved.
Tether looked up from the stream where she was collecting water; their long-standing friendship wouldnt let her pretend she didnt hear. Tether tried not to stare as she noted the oddness of the injury. The left side of Kaelahs face was untouched, the same as always, beautiful and smooth. But on the right side, a clump of hair was missing from her scalp, the eye was gone and had been sewn shut, the ear was missing, and the corner of her mouth drooped. Clearly the bear had swiped Kaelah from scalp to shoulder, and someone had sewn up the facial wounds in a spectacularly horrifying way. Tracks, like a bird, of amateur sewing had pulled the skin together in uneven wrinkles. It was hard not to turn away.
Tether rested her water jug on the ground and tried to keep her eyes on the good side of Kaelahs face. Uh, hi, Kaelah. I didnt see you. Howre you doing?
Im getting better slowly. The Healer thinks my walking will improve.
Tether nodded. Thats good. The silence grew awkward. She searched her mind, but found nothing to say.
Kaelah shifted her weight. Im sorry I missed your binding. Did you get the white fur cape you wanted?
Tether laughed, momentarily forgetting the stranger in front of her. She was back with her old friend Kaelah. Yes, its beautiful. I found out how Deek got it.
Kaelah smiled with half her mouth. Bee nectar?
Yes. How did you know?
Kaelah shifted again. She asked the question that had been burning in her mind. That reminds me of the Ice Men. Did any of them leave a message for me?
Tether shook her head; the awkwardness returned. No. Not with me. Im sorry.
Kaelah shrugged. I didnt think they would, I was justmaking sure.
Tether picked up her jug. I better go. I need to haul more water.
When Im a little stronger, Ill help you and we can talk, like we used to.
Water sloshed from the jug. Yeah, sure. Bye. Tether willed her feet to walk at a normal speed, though they wanted to fly.
Kaelah watched Tether hurry off. She was tired already. She returned to her hut through the deserted village.

_  _  _

The sun felt good as Kaelah walked out of the village. She no longer needed the cane, though she still had a slight limp. The villagers didnt run and hide as much as they used to, but they kept their heads down and ignored her unless she addressed them. She felt alienated from people she had known her whole life. Kaelah kept to herself and rarely spoke to anyone except her mother and grandmother.
Today, Kaelah was doing something she had been anxious to do for many days. She followed the path to the berry bushes. Deliberately, she had waited past midday, when it was unlikely she would see anyone else. Kaelah arrived at her destination. She had no trouble finding it. Yes, this was the spot where the bear had attacked her. She stood at the edge, afraid, listening. Heart beating faster, fear made her immobile for a moment. But she wanted something.
She removed the leather pouch from its hiding place in her shift. Cautiously, she moved forward searching the ground. There was her Fang Stick, in piecesshe must be close. Kaelah knelt down and started sifting through the dirt. Ah, there was one, and then another and anotherwhite ivory teeth from the sea monster. It took longer than she wanted to stay there, but Kaelah was satisfied with the amount of tooth beads she recovered. She would be able to restring and wear them.

_  _  _

A strip of late sun entered the hut along with a whiff of roasting quashballs. Muera had been cooking all afternoon. The smell should have made Kaelahs mouth water but she had lost her appitite. In the dimness she toyed with her snares, familiar peices. She should be setting them.
Muera appeared in the doorway. Are you sure you wont come? There are traveling merchants from Sol, Muera delivered enthusiastically. It should be a good Fire Circle tonight, with food and storytelling.
Kaelah lay back on her bed. Im sure. Im just tired. Ill stay here and rest. Kaelah couldnt tell if Mueras buoyant mood was sincere or just for her benefit.
Muera looked disappointed. I wont go.
No, Kaelah objected, you take Grandmother. She enjoys going.
Muera studied Kaelah. Okay, but Ill come back early.
The two older women left. After awhile, Kaelah followed the others out, but instead of going to the Tribal Lodge, she hid in the darkness of the nearby pine trees. She could see through the open door, the bowls passing, the blessings, and the storytelling. Kaelah returned to the hut before her mother. She lay down and pretended to be asleep. A pattern began.

CHAPTER FOUR

The seasons passed. Kaelah was well enough to set traps again. But now she set them at night, when the rest of the village was asleep. Colors seemed to disappear in the darkness, leaving only the deep shades of gray and black. The sounds were different, too, the song of the owl and the howl of the coyote, hollow and sad. During the day, she hid inside her hut and slept. She rarely saw others, becoming bitter and reclusive.
Muera stuck her head inside the hut. The sun is soft in the air. Come outside and enjoy it.
Not now. Kaelah lay listless on her sleeping mat. She tried to ignore her mother. Muera was in complete denial with regard to Kaelahs injuries, and Kaelah was fed up with her mothers attempts to lure her outside during the day.
Muera persisted, Come on. You cant stay holed up inside forever.
Kaelah rolled so her back was to her mother. I go outside.
Only to skulk around like a weasel in the middle of the night, Muera spat.
Kaelah was impatient. We have to eat. I need to set my snares.
You should set your snares in the day, like you used to.
Kaelah didnt respond. Maybe if she was quiet, her mother would think shed gone asleep and leave her alone.
Mueras voice changed. I have a surprise. Your cousin Marook is on his way. Some of the boys went to help pull his sled in.
She tried. She tried so hard not to wallow in self-pity, but sometimes the weight of the sadness felt like a pile of rocks was on top of her. She would be unable to move, unable to cry. Kaelah remained silent. 
Well? He used to be a favorite of yoursarent you going to greet him?
Kaelah curled herself into a quiet cocoon. Her bed was the only place she felt any peace.


As usual, Marooks arrival was greeted with excitement and pleasure. He was at the center of attention when he spotted Ooma in the crowd. He went to her and gave her a hug. Grandmother, I have not forgotten the dusk tea.
She whispered in his ear, Never mind the tea. I must talk to you about Kaelah. Alone.
Marook looked at her. Ive been anxious, thereve been rumors He nodded at the crowd. As soon as the excitement dies down, well walk off together. Okay?
Ooma nodded. She waited patiently until the villagers had gone back to their work, and Marook came to her.
Marook took her arm. There was little muscle in it; her body was getting frail. He put his head close to hers. Now tell me.
Oh, Marook. She dabbed at her eyes. Its Kaelah. The bear attack has left her so terribly disfigured she wont come out of the hut except at night to set her snares.
How is she injured? I tried to see her before I left, but Muera wouldnt let me.
Ooma sniffed. Well, I think she was hurt all over. Shes better now. Its the scarring on her faceMuera sewed her up, and she looks Ooma put her face in her hands.
Marook looked off into the distance. Okay, I think I understand. You say she sets her snares at night?
Yes.
He put a gentle hand on her back. Grandmother, go home. Go about your day as if you havent told me.


Kaelah rose from her sleeping mat and warm blankets. The blackness was back. It was time to collect her snares. 
The sleeping village was quiet as she walked between the huts moon-cast shadows. As she left the village, seedpods from a bush rattled as some unseen animal of the night bolted at her approach. She paused and listened to the nocturnal sounds of nature. Crickets talked to one another. Owls repeated their one-note song, and coyotes yipped in argument. The voices seemed forlorn, or was it just her? With sad resolve, she pressed on.
Kaelah was at her second snare when she heard rustling in the grass. She was so surprised when a wolf jumped at her that she gave a short scream before she realized it was Kita, Marooks tame wolf. Kita! She hugged the animal. You gave me a scare. 
Smiling, Marook appeared out of the darkness. I knew shed find you.
Marook, what are you doing here?
He held his arms wide. What? No hug?
Averting her face, Kaelah neared him and gave him an unenthusiastic embrace. Hello, Marook.
I missed you this afternoon, he said.
I dont feel like coming out much.
He put his hands on her shoulders. She would have struggled free, but he held her firmly while he studied her face. He pursed his lips. Hmm. Well talk. But first, I have good news.
Kaelah shrugged him off. What?
Some great news.
Well?
I got bound.
You bound with someone?
Yes. Her name is Mia Softwind. Shes a Sun.
Kaelah was skeptical. You never mentioned her before.
Marook became poetic. Ive dreamed of her for many seasons. She was so lovely, whenever she was near it felt like I had a toad in my mouth, and I couldnt talk.
But somehow you managed.
He missed the sarcasm. Yes, one night she left her hut to get water, and I followed her. Kaelah watched transfixed as he dramatically, he reached out to the sky. There in the moonlight, next to the river
Kaelah shook her head in wonder. What was wrong with Marook? Okay, okay, I dont need all the details. You seem pretty happy, though.
Marook was still fanciful. Oh, I am. My heart sings at the thought of her. Shes as gentle as the breeze and soft as new grass.
Kaelah finally had to smile. So this is a love match. Im glad. Is she going to stay in the Sun Camp while you travel?
Marook deflated. For now. But I dont like leaving her.
No, youd want to be near each other. What did Grandmother say?
I havent told her yet, he admitted. I thought she might be upset.
Youre right there. Shell probably burn her tongue on you. Grandmother would believe that Marook should have told her before he bid. 
I was hoping youd come with me while I tell her. Kind of abuffer.
Thats asking a lot, Kaelah responded.
Marook turned serious and took Kaelahs hand as he walked her to a log. Come. Lets sit.
He gently touched her chin and turned her face so he could examine the scars. Its not like you to act like this and hide from trouble, he said.
Im not hiding, Kaelah said defensively.
Setting snares in the middle of the night, thats not hiding? These are Honor Scars. You should wear them with pride.
I can do without the honor. No one wants to look at me. If I walk up to a group of people, they suddenly disappear. They put their heads down and change direction when they see me coming.
Marook squeezed her hand. Thats because theyre uncomfortable and dont know how to act. Youll have to show them that its okay to talk to you, that youre the same person inside.
Im not the same.
You are. He threw a stick and Kita chased after it. I wont fog the truth. When I first saw you, I was startled, but after we started talking, I forgot your injury. Youre just the same. Give your village a chance; they need time to get used to the change.
Ive already tried. 
Marook paused; he needed an example. Aha! He snapped his fingers. The Healer.
Kaelah frowned. What about her?
Shes weathered, past her youth.
Maybe, Kaelah admitted, So?
Marook warmed to his theory. Do you notice? Does anybody notice? No. But what if she had aged overnight? What if one day she was young and the next she looked as she does now? She would still be the same inside. But it would feel awkward to look at her. The villagers wouldnt know how to relate to her at first, but given enough time they would get used to it.
Kaelah was thoughtful. There was some truth in what Marook had just said.
Marook continued cautiously, People arent sure its the same you. I know its hard, but if you act like your old self, eventually thats what people will see. I want you to try for a few days, go out and act like nothing has happened.
Kaelah gave him a long-suffering look.
Try.
She took a steadying breath. Children run in fear when they see me.
Marook took her hand again. I know its going to be hard, and some people may need more time than others, but if you act like you have accepted this, others will, too.
Marook put a hand on her shoulder. Dont live your life like this. Look at me. He pulled her close. At least tell me that youll try. 
MaybeIve beenso lonely. Kaelah leaned on Marook as she crumpled in tears. He wrapped her in brotherly love and held her softly as she chased the demons with gulping sobs. 
After awhile, Kaelah sat up and dried her eyes.
Marook touched her face. Feeling better?
After a final sniff, she nodded.
Good. Well go back together when the sun rises, holding hands, standing tall. Okay? Besides, you can come with me when I visit Grandmother.


Marook stayed close to Kaelah during his visit. There would be no question as to his solidarity with his cousin, from her or any villager. As he moved among the Berry Pickers, trading and bartering, he had Kaelah by his side. If he felt her waver, he took her hand, firmly but inconspicuous. By the end of his stay, he was confident that he saw a change in Kaelah.
The village had turned out to send Marook off. He gathered Kaelah in a bear hug and whispered privately in her ear, Remember what I told you.
Kaelah held him tightly for a moment. I will. I think its working already.
Good girl. Keep strong. 

_  _  _

Although there were times when Kaelah was reminded of her injury, for the most part, to her surprise, she found that Marook had been right. If she stood tall and strode with confidence, the villagers reacted to her much the same way as they had before the attack.
She returned to setting her snares during the day and attending the Fire Circle at night. Occasionally a visitor would do a double take at seeing her for the first time, but Kaelah realized it was up to her to make others feel at ease. She thought the burden unfair; after all, she was the one who had been attacked. But she was pragmatic. She wasnt going to spend time fretting over the inequities of life.
Most pleasing to Kaelah was the return of her easy friendship with Tether. Tether now seemed oblivious to the scars on her face. It was early at the stream, before many others had arrived for water, when Kaelah saw Tether filling her pitcher.
Good morning, Tether.
Kaelah, good morning, to you, too. She arched her back. Sometimes I wish Deek had built our hut closer to the water.
Kaelah smiled in agreement. Its either sun, or shade, or water.
True, but the sun and shade arent heavy.
Kaelah filled her own pitcher. Come on. Ill walk back to your hut with you. And you can have this water, too.
Thanks, Kaelah. They picked up their jugs and headed toward Tethers hut. Kaelah, Im glad we ran into each other. I was going to pay you a visit later today. She changed the jug from one arm to the other. Ive missed my time with the moon three turns.
Have you talked to the Healer? Kaelah asked cautiously.
Yes. She says Ill have a baby before the moon smiles six times.
Water sloshed as Kaelah nearly dropped her jug in her excitement to hug Tether. Thats wonderful news. Youll be busy.
They stood with hands on each others shoulders. Tethers eyes teared up. I want you there when it comes.
Id be honored.
The Healer said to choose someone patient, calm, and loving.
Kaelah laughed with pleasure as they continued on their way. Oh, now Im flattered. What has Deek to say?
Hes as happy as the sunshine. Im sure hell be boasting any day, but I wanted to tell my friends first.
Kaelah sighed with contentment for her friend. Have you thought of a name yet?

_  _  _

The moon smiled five times.
The seasonal rains started. Not the usual light rains. Not the soft rains that gave life to the berries. But torrential rains, rains that didnt stop.
The village paths became saturated, footprints filled with water, and eventually the water-soaked mud became like tar, sucking at every step. Wet and dampness penetrated the interior of all the huts. And rain melted holes in some of the mud walls.
The villagers had never seen a rain so heavy. They were miserable and scared.
Kaelah fought her way to Tethers hut. She arrived breathless. Hello, Tether!
Kaelah, come in. Get out of rain, although its not much drier inside.
Kaelah took off her leather slicker. She tried to keep the drips near the doorway even though the hut was damp inside.
Kaelah eyed her friend. It looked like her time could come at any moment. How are you feeling?
Tether touched her stomach. The rain is bothering me more than this.
Yes, I hope it stops soon. Everyones tired of it. Kaelah took a cursory glance about the hut. Can I get you anything? Food, water?
Tether smiled. No, for once I have enough water.
Kaelah laughed at herself. Silly question.
Kaelah stayed with her friend a little longer to satisfy herself that Tether would be safe and comfortable for the rest of the day. Ill come back tomorrow. But send Deek before that if you need anything.
I will. Thanks, Kaelah.
Kaelah slogged her way back toward her own hut. She was amazed at the village. The walking paths had turned to little streams, and they were filled with debris of sticks and leaves. As she plucked her way on, she could barely find ground that wasnt submerged in water.
When she arrived at her hut, she took a quick look at the outside walls. Good, no holes. Yet. She ducked inside. Even the floor of the hut was becoming saturated.
Kaelah began to pile stuff up off the ground to keep it dry. She was constructing a dam at the doorway when she heard Marooks weak, Hello.
Marook. Oh, spirits, come in.
Marook shivered under blue skin. He looked as if he had just emerged from the stream. Kaelah picked up the driest fur she could find. Lets dry you off. She began rubbing the water off him.
Marooks shivering lessened. The rain is terrible. Its been chasing me for days. Its slowed me and ruined most of my goods.
Yes, Kaelah agreed. Its been raining here every day for a moon. Not even the old ones can remember such a wet season. She looked around. Wheres Kita? 
Across the stream, she wouldnt come.
Smart wolf.
Ive never seen the stream so wild. Its turned into a raging river. I nearly drowned trying to cross it.
Yes, too much water, there wont be a berry crop this season.
Thats a terrible. 
Kaelah gave his back a few last swipes. Feel better?
Yes. Thank you. He turned to face her. Ive been worried about you. After I left I wondered how you would
Kaelah held up a hand. Wait, Marook, you were right. People dont notice anymore. I dont notice anymore. Im really gratefulI was trapped in a web, and you helped me out. Like two wet muskrats, they smiled at each other. Now, are you hungry? 
Yes, starving, he said. Kaelah gave him some soggy venison jerky. Thanks. Wheres Grandmother?
She passed.
Marook slumped. I should have been here.
Kaelah rummaged for more food. No, it was good. She always said she wanted the Tree Gods to take her and as she left she saw them coming and was happy. 
Before Marook could respond, Muera arrived, breathless. Kaelah! Oh, Marookthank goodness. Muera began frantically picking up random items. Quick! Grab whatever you can. The river has jumped its banks and huts are washing away. Pocheao says we must go to the Cave of Our Ancestors. She thrust the items toward the others. Kaelah, here. Carry this.
Confused at the suddenness of it, Kaelah tried to be calm. Shouldnt we try to organize 
No time! Muera interrupted, and handed her an armful of baskets and pots. Marook, take this. Itll have to do. She gave him an armload of skins and blankets.
Kaelah tried again. What about
No timethe waters coming! Lets go!
Outside the hut, water ran ankle deep across the entire village. Through the curtain of gray rain, Kaelah could see others making their way out of the village, toward the Cave of Our Ancestors.
Perched halfway up Wolf Jaw Mountain, a large, squat, openmouthed cave showed the lives of previous inhabitants. Black charcoal still existed in old campfire rings. Soot and artwork covered the walls. Here and there animal bones and broken pottery littered the sandy floor.
Unsure why their forefathers had abandoned the cave, superstition kept the current Berry Pickers away, but now it seemed to be the only safe and dry place available to them.
Progress was slow for the villagers as they navigated the slippery slopes up the mountainside while carrying their household goods.
Finally, all the villagers made the climb. Though the air was damp, the rest of the cave seemed blissfully dry. Two small fires were started. Pocheao clapped his hands for attention and raised his arms. My people, let us give thanks. We will be warm and dry here, at least until the rain stops.
After the Berry Pickers settled their sleeping mats into family units, some stood at the mouth of the cave, wondering how much longer the rain would continue, while others sat in small groups and spoke in soft voices, lamenting the loss of the berry season.
As the gray sun faded to night, the fires were banked, and the exhausted villagers closed their eyes on the panic of the day. Tomorrow they would see if their village had survived.


Psst. Kaelah. Wake up. Marook nudged Kaelah.
Huh?
Shh. The rains stopped.
Kaelah pulled the blanket higher. Thats good. 
Kaelah, I want to check on Kita. I need your help.
Kaelah sat up. Okay, okay, she whispered as she stretched the cobwebs out of her body. She followed Marook out of the cave.
The rain had stopped, and the two looked at stars through the thinning clouds.
Do you think the rains stopped for good? Kaelah asked.
Marook studied the sky. I cant tell. Id like to cross the stream and get Kita while I can.
He scanned the hillside for the remnants of a path. 
How can I help? asked Kaelah.
Marook found what he was looking for and sidestepped down the animal trail.
The stream is wild with so much water in it. Im going to tie a rope around my middle before I cross, and if I get swept away you can pull me out.
Kaelah looked skeptical. Are you sure Im strong enough? Wouldnt you rather a man help you?
Well tie the rope to a tree first. 
A short while later they stood on the bank of the old stream, now a mysteriously deep and raging river.
It looks dangerous, Kaelah yelled over the sound of the rushing water.
Marook watched the surging water for some time before he finally spoke. I need to get Kita. He uncoiled his rope, tied one end of it to the stump of a sturdy tree, then tied the other end around his waist. He took a resolute breath and looked at Kaelah. Im ready. If I yell, pull me in, okay?
I will, Kaelah answered with more confidence than she actually felt. She watched as Marook waded out into the rushing water. As the water reached his knees, he was knocked off his feet and disappeared underwater. Kaelah grabbed the rope and was about to start pulling when his head emerged from the roiling water closer to the far shore. He thrashed in the water, and Kaelah watched uneasily, until finally he used sheer strength to pull himself up onto the other bank. Marook lay still, resting for a few moments before he stood up.
Kaelah couldnt hear above the sound of the crashing water, but she could see Marook cupping his hands to his mouth and throwing his head back.
After some time the wolf appeared. Marook picked her up and carried her to the water. She struggled, but Marook had anticipated a fight and already had a secure hold on her. The two plunged ungracefully into the water.
Again Marook submerged. Holding Kita, he was washed downstream and the rope went tight. Kaelah began pulling with all her strength. The tree stump was up to her shoulder and pull by pull, she was able to loop the rope coils over the top of the stump. The drag on the rope was tremendous. She kept pulling and coiling, pulling and coiling. How long could the rope be? Suddenly, a sodden Kita splashed out of the water. Marook barely crawled out on hands and knees like some amphibious animal.
Kaelah knelt beside him. Are you all right? Kita shook water all over them.
Marook smiled. Im good. Just let me catch my breath. Finally, he stood. Lets get back to the cave. Kita! Come!
Kita, usually a happy, confident animal, was reluctant to follow. She cowered on the ground and began whining.
Whats wrong with her? asked Kaelah.
Marook looked at his four-legged companion, puzzled. Perhaps shes mad at me for bringing her through the water. Come, he cajoled. Ill find you a treat. But even though he said that magic word, she still hesitated, whimpering, pacing back and forth, bothered by something she couldnt verbalize to Marook.
Uneasy about her curious behavior, Marook stroked her back and neck. Perhaps shes injured. Marook gathered her up in his arms. Ill carry her.
They headed back toward the cave. A misty rain had started again. Kaelah sighed to herselfat least Marook had found Kita.
They were just entering the pine trees when Kaelah felt an odd tremor in the ground under her feet. She turned toward Marook to see if he felt it, too. The vibration became stronger, and now she could hear a thunderous crashing. Not the fast crack that accompanied lightning, but a continuous, incredible rolling sound, of rock hitting rock and trees breaking.
Kaelah reflected Marooks wide eyes and horrified expression. What is it? she cried in alarm.
He shook his head. 
The noise continued at a slower pace. They stood frozen as the sounds tapered off to a groan.
Its close, said Marook in a shaky voice.
Yes, Kaelah shivered. Her legs felt weak.
Marook had a bad feeling. Walk carefully, he advised.
They continued through the cloudy moonlight. The return hike seemed longer than it should, then just as they left the pine trees at the foot of the mountain, Kaelah stopped. Momentarily confused, she stared at the pile of rubble in front of her. A chaotic mix of mud, trees, and boulders loomed high across the path.
I think Ive lost my way, the mountain should beWait. What? Oh, my spirits! Kaelah grasped her head in her hands. Marook stood beside her, and his jaw dropped open. One of the Wolf Jaw pinnacles had collapsed and slid down the mountain, covering the Cave of Our Ancestors.
No! Kaelah screamed. No! She tried to run forward, but Marook held her back.
Kaelah, stop! The muds still flowing. Well get caught if we go out now.
Kaelah looked at the sight were the cave should have been. It was completely encased in mud. No! No! It cant be. Kaelah fell to her knees and covered her face with her hands. Her screaming sobs continued as she rocked back and forth in helpless misery. Marook watched in paralyzed horror as the sticky mixture continued on, slowly churning everything in its path.


Dawn arriveda sunny day, one not seen in the valley for a turn of the moon. 
Already Kaelah and Marook had worked their way out through the muck and the mire dodging the minefield of rocks and tree limbs. It had been hard work. Like quicksand the mountains sticky sludge held their legs in a stubborn embrace and they were tired before they even began digging
Lets try here, Marook said a little breathless.
Kala worked frantically her slim arms trying to keep up with Marooks strong muscles.
They scooped out handfuls of mud but no sooner had they made a hollow than a watery mire seeped back in.
This isnt working , Kaelah shouted at Marook.
Okay. Marook looked desperately around. Lets try closer to the edge, he suggested.
But every location was the same.  Time after time, they started a hole only to have the mountain take it back. Kaelah let out a wail of frustration and slammed her fist into the sludge. Spirits! Dont do this, she yelled at the mountain gods. 
The air cooled as evening approached, but Kaelah continued to push her body. Marook, just one more hole, one more hole, she pleaded. They continued to dig 
The stars were out before the two sat exhausted next to a small fire. Marook looked at Kaelah. She was staring blankly into the fire, the firelight reflecting off her face. What are you thinking? he asked softly.
I dont know. Kaelah didnt think she could cry anymore. We didnt make much progress today, did we?
Theres a mountain of dirt between us and the cave, he answered, as he prepared two frogs for roasting. As painful as it was, the truth had to be faced. I dont think we can dig it out by ourselves.
There was a long pause while Kaelah struggled with the next question. Do you think anyone survived?
No. He felt helpless against all that was being thrown at him.
Kaelah slumped. She watched morosely as Marook put some twigs on the small blaze. A long silence followed as each struggled with thoughts and feelings. Overcome with pain, Kaelah barely realized that, in addition to the loss of her family, friends, and home, it would be unrealistic to stay in the Valley by herself.
Marook studied Kaelah. She had already endured a lot of emotional pain from the bear attack, and now she had to endure this tragedy, losing everything and everybody in her life. He grimaced inwardly. There was no way to make the next step easy.
He put the cooked meat next to her. Try to eat.
Im not hungry, she mumbled.
I know, but you need to keep your strength up. When she didnt move, he continued, Kaelah, Im stuck in a tight log. The rain delayed me so long that the season is late already. If we dont leave soon, we risk being caught in the mountains when the snow arrives.
She didnt answer.
Marook rubbed a hand down his face. I must make some trade before I return home to Sol. I lost everything on my sled in the rain, and I made no trade here. The only place left is Brumal. He picked some pieces of meat off the bone. Ive been thinking, if I can find my sled, and if we can scavenge some stuff from the village, we might have enough to make trade in Brumal before we return to Sol. 
Kaelah scowled. The expression of distaste on her face reflected her feelings for the idea.
You think its offensive to take the possessions of the villagers. Marook spread his hands. Its not for me I ask, he said.
Kaelah looked at him with a flat expression. For Mia?
Partly, he said. When I left, Mia had missed her time with the moon.
Theres to be a baby? Kaelah knew she should be more enthusiastic, but she just didnt have the energy.
When I left, I thought so. Many people from her village will have been helping her. Hunters will have been giving her meat. I will owe them something when I return.
They listened to the crickets for a while, each pondering the situation in their own way. Finally, Marook said, Its important to me that Im not disrespectful, but some of the villagers were my friends, and I think they would have wanted to help me. I think there are some, like Tether, or Flora, who would have said, take my things that they might help your baby.
That was true. Tether would have said that. And Kaelah could think of a few others who would have wanted to help Marook with their belongings. A tired tear rolled down Kaelahs cheek. Okay.


The sun was still several hands from hiding when Kaelah and Marook started up the path leading out of the Valley. Marook had spent the morning finding and repairing his sled while Kaelah had visited the huts of the villagers who she thought would have wanted Marook to take their possessions.
They had been shocked at the state of the village. The water must have been knee high before it subsidedbranches, leaves, and piles of mud were deposited throughout the village, many huts had holes in them, and some had even been uprooted and tipped over. 
Kaelah had gone first to Tethers hut. Being farthest from the stream, it was on the highest ground. She stood outside the door and talked to Tethers spirit. Tether, are you there? May I come in? Tears rolled down her cheek as she cautiously entered the hut. It was in disarray partly because of the evacuation and partly from the water. Kaelah found three antlers and some jerked venison that hadnt been ruined in the flood. Tether and Deek, may I have these for Marooks baby?
By the time Marook had returned with his sled, Kaelah had accumulated a pile that included jars of dried berries from last annum, finished spear and arrowheads, hair ornaments and trinkets, a good stock of leather, some fine twine, fishhooks, needles, salt, and a pot of honey. At each hut, she stopped and explained her actions to the spirits, asking permission to take their goods.
Before they left the village, Marook and Kaelah made a small fire in the Tribal Lodge, where they burned some Blessing Herbs and thanked the Berry Pickers for their gifts.
Even Kita reflected the somber mood, when at the top of Wolf Jaw the trio stopped on the path and looked back at the remains of the village. From this high up it appeared that some clumsy giant had tripped through the village, scattering the huts like pebbles. 
Kaelah used the second rope to assist Marook in pulling the sled; it was hard physical work but the hole of emptiness and loss was much heavier. She felt the weakness of tears returning. All her people, and her village, gone.

_  _  _

If circumstances had been different, Marook would have enjoyed the trip with Kaelah. Marook had always found her cooperative, easygoing, kind, and hardworking, all characteristics that he admired. But the closer they got to the Ice Camp, the more anxious he became.
Kaelah noticed that Marook had been unusually quiet, other than to say that they would arrive at Brumal tomorrow. Marook, does something bother you? Is my face too ugly to take to Brumal?
No! Your face is not ugly. But youre rightsomething is on my mind. So much time has passed, the snow will be coming before I can get back to Mia.
You want to see your child born. You should be there. Well walk faster and longer each day until we get back to Sol.
Its not that easy.
Why not?
Marook stopped pulling and, squatting down, he picked up a stick. This is my route, he said as he drew a large oval in the dirt. Then he made an X at the top. This is where we are now, almost to Brumal. He tapped the X for emphasis. Then he made another X at the bottom of the oval. And this is where the Suns live. To go back this wayhe indicated the left side of the ovalis to go back through the mountains, and there isnt time before the snow. The other way is to take this pathMarook traced the right side of the ovalthis trail is faster, there are no hills or mountains, but it goes through the Vast.
Okay, so lets take that route.
Marook shook his head. I cant take you through the Vast. Thats where the Marauders live. They respect the merchants. They need our goods. But a woman isnt safe. They dont honor the bidding of women.
Kaelah shook her head. I dont think theyll bother me.
They will. Theyll challenge me to fight. We would be overpowered.
Kaelahs brow furrowed. What else can we do?
Marook tapped the first X at the top of his map. I could leave you here in Brumal while I go down the Vast. He looked hopefully at her. I would come back for you next time the seasons circle.
Kaelah sagged inwardly. No, she silently begged.
But Marook looked at her expectantly.
Oh, well, how bad could it be? You would come back for me?
Yes, as soon as I could. Marook let her mull it over. What do you think?
Kaelah smiled bravely. I think you need to get back in time for your firstborn. You wont forget me?
Ill be back before the seasons circle.

_  _  _

As Kaelah and Marook descended the last hill into the Ice Camp, Kaelah had a chance to observe it at a distance before arriving. The village might have resembled that of the Berry Pickersseveral small dome-shaped huts rambled around a large Tribal Lodgeexcept a bleak frost covered the sparse terrain. Just beyond, the black depths of the endless water sloshed rhythmically up and down the shore.
Marook paused. Were here. How does it look?
It looksshe squinted at the barren landempty.
Marook laughed. Theres more here than first appears. The endless water is full of life, and on the other side of those hillshe indicated with a throw of his headyoull find a forest, not the same as youre used to, but a forest of sorts. Marook looked around, trying to imagine what he would think if he were seeing the place for the first time. Its cold here, but I expect youll get used to it. And before you know it, Ill be back to take you down to Sol, where its hot. 
The alarm had gone up that a merchant was approaching, and people were already exiting their huts. By the time Marook and Kaelah reached the bottom of the hill, a group of the village inhabitants had gathered, headed by a middle-aged woman, the Wise Mother. She explained that the men were out at sea looking for whale. 
Im sorry to have missed the men, Marook said. My cousin and I hope their hunt is safe and plentiful. 
While Marook spoke with the Wise Mother Kaelah could feel the curious stares and silent appraisal from the other women.  She held her head high. She wouldnt flinch at the uncomfortable feeling of being unveiled and examined.
The Wise Mother continued, Youre late this season. We wondered what happened to you. 
I ran into dark misfortune on my way here. First, there was the worst rain the mountains have ever seen Marook related the events up to that point to the Ice Women. So with your kind permissionMarook bowed his headit is my desire to leave Kaelah here, in the safety of Brumal, until I return next annum.
The Wise Mother put a finger to her chin. Im sure shes welcome. Let me think which family will best suit her.
What about the Witchs hut? That would suit. Kaelah looked at the young woman who tittered at her own nasty joke. She was an exceptional beauty; her flawless skin set off thick-lashed eyes, and small pearl-white teeth showed when she laughed.
Tevita! No! A scattering of voices uttered shocked protests. It wasnt the idea they objected to, it was the name she used and the implied insult.
Why not? Tevita asked, still smiling.
There was an uncomfortable silence, and for the first time in a long while Kaelah felt the weight of the scars on her face. But she would not step backward. What is the Witchs hut? she asked boldly.
Theres nothing wrong with it; its just slightly isolated. The Wise Mother pointed a little distance up one of the hills. See, its the hut all by itself. A widow lived there by herself. She became unpredictable and scared the children. No one has lived there for a long time, but the name stuck.
Kaelah smiled and squared her shoulders. I think I could be very comfortable there, thank you.
The Wise Mother considered. You would have some privacy. But youd need to clean it first. It hasnt been used in a while. She nodded to herself. Try it, and if you change your mind, well find another home for you.
After some hasty trading, Marook pulled his sled over to the Witchs hut. The items on his wood vehicle were tied under a tarp, ready for travel. He hesitated, unsure. Will you be all right?
Kaelah nodded. Yes, the huts fine. 
Before the seasons circle, he promised. He placed a bundle on the ground. Stuff youll need, he explained.
Good luck with your firstborn.
They hugged good-bye and too soon he and Kita were out of sight over the low hills.

CHAPTER FIVE

The sun was barely up before Kaelah left her hut. Shed heard voices outside during the night, but hadnt investigated. Now she was anxious to find out what the noise had been about. Pausing outside her door to look around, Kaelah first noticed a huge animal had been dragged out of the endless water. She wondered if this was the dreaded sea devil. A young boy was making his way toward her, so she waited until he was in earshot. 
Hello, she called first.
Hello. He scrambled closer.
Im Kaelah, from the Valley. Whats your name? She angled the scarred side of her face away from him and aimed for a friendly manner.
Tomu, Tomu Tailcat. He was staring at her.
She nodded. Thats a good name. Kaelah pointed to the waters edge. Whats that animal on the beach?
He didnt turn around. Its a whale. The men brought it in last night.
A whale, huh. Its bigger than I thought, Kaelah mumbled to herself.
Thats a small one. The men will have to go out again soon. What happened to your face? he asked abruptly.
Kaelah swung her gaze back to the boy. I fought with a bear. Do you have bears here?
Yes, white ones and brown ones.
Kaelah considered this. White bearsIve never seen one before.
Theyre big. And mean.
So was this one. Kaelah pointed to her face. She smiled, and the boy smiled back, put at ease.
Did you come for something? she asked.
The older boys dared me to.
You thought I was a witch. Kaelah noticed that women were coming out of their huts and heading for the whale.
No. My uncle told me you werent a witch.
But I look scary?
Tomu tilted his head thoughtfully to one side and answered candidly, as only a child would. Mmm, that side of your face is sorta ugly, but this side is still pretty. Ill talk to this side.
Thats good. The other side cant hear, Kaelah said. A woman puffed quickly up the slight incline toward them.
He started to move off. Here comes Aleeze. I better get back to my friends.
Sure. And dont forget, you won the dare.
The short, bundled woman arrived, her face nearly obscured by the fur of her hood. Good morning. They call me Aleeze Bluesky. I see you had a visitor already. I hope he didnt bother you. The wind momentarily blew the fur, revealing an attractive young woman with dimpled cheeks.
Tomu? No, hes cute.
With both parents gone, hes able to slip into trouble sometimes. Aleeze handed Kaelah a dish with some mystery food in it. Have you tried whale before? 
Kaelah eyed the bowls contents warily. Uh, no. Is this whale?
Yes, Aleeze smiled proudly.
Kaelah tentatively took a morsel from the bowl. It had a strong, unfamiliar odor. She glanced sadly at the whale as she worked on the chewy piece. Were they going to eat the whole thing? 
Thats from the rib, the best part, Aleeze enthused.
Kaelah changed the subject before the other girl could ask the inevitable How do you like it?
Both Tomus parents passed. How sad. What happened? 
No one knows for sure. But we think a wave got them. They went walking below the cliffs and disappeared. He stays with his uncle now.
Kaelah nodded. He mentioned an uncle.
Raven. Youll meet him.
Kaelah nearly dropped the bowl. With an effort, she kept her face immobile.
Raven was here. Of course, he would have returned to his people. But there were so many points of earth, what where the chances that they would meet again? She had expended a large amount of emotional energy trying to forget him. Now she would have to face him. Her shaking hands held the bowl in a lifeline grip.
 Fortunately, Aleeze didnt notice anything amiss and continued on. Right now most of the men are sleeping. Theyre tired after three days of whale hunting. Come. She led the way toward the whale. Were you warm enough last night?
The women exchanged a warm chorus of friendly greetings among themselves as they arrived at the whale. Kaelah thought that they resembled a herd of elk in their bulky capes and fur hoods, and with their faces half concealed, she could hardly tell them apart. Aleeze made general introductions: Kaelah, this is she went through several names. All the women smiled and nodded except Tevita, the pretty girl who had been rude yesterday. 
The women had already begun skinning the whale with quick efficiency. Their swift, sure movements reminded Kaelah of her grandmothers hands when stringing berries. From a pocket in her cape, Aleeze produced two sharp cutting stones. Kaelah, take this knife and follow me, youll catch on, she instructed.
The women chatted in a friendly manner as they worked, and soon the conversation turned to Kaelah and life at the Valley.
Youre from the Berry Picker Tribe?
Yes.
So sad about your people. Heartfelt murmurings were accompanied by sad head shaking.
Will any other tribe pick the berries?
Kaelah looked up from her work. I hadnt thought about that. Probably not.
Kaelahs mind drifted to her village. Would some other tribe take over the Berry Picker territory, or would they be wary of the bad aura, and sense the restless spirits who had died so recently?
Kaelah. Kaelah? Aleeze was addressing her.
Sorry, my mind was adrift, admitted Kaelah.
Aleeze smiled. Thats all right. Were done for now. Theres a Tribal Circle tonight. We give thanks for the successful hunt, and that all the men returned safely. Ill see you there, okay?
Yes, Kaelah replied.


Kaelah returned to her hut and spent the afternoon giving it a good cleaning, sweeping out rodent droppings, removing cobwebs, and airing the closed, musty smell. The sleeping mat was taken outside for a hearty shake. She made a last inspection, satisfied that the place would be livable until the seasons turned.
The Tribal Circle would be starting soon. She didnt want to draw attention to herself by being late. Best to leave now, but she hesitated. She had busied herself all day, but the truth was, the sadness was never far away.
Almost without conscious thought, she pulled the tooth necklace from the hiding place inside her shift, fingered it, and slowly raised it to her lips. Then as if it had a mind of its own, Kaelahs hand inched up to explore her face. The scars, the wrinkles, the puckers. How did she look to others? The dark blanket of self-pity started to embrace Kaelah, but she shook it off. With a resolving breath of determination, she tucked the necklace back under her shift and left for the Fire Circle.
Kaelah found a seat toward the back, next to the right-hand wall. From here, no one would be able to sit on her bad side. She considered her surroundings. The Brumal Lodge was very similar to that of the Berry Pickers; the stage up front was centered between drums on one side and a small fire ring on the other. Kaelah was admiring the blankets hung on the walls when she heard the familiar voice of Tomu.
Uncle, heres the new lady. See, you were right, shes not a witch.
Raven appeared silently. He had not forgotten Kaelahs deception. When he heard that she was staying in the Ice Camp he had been prepared to publicly slight her but the angry fire of her betrayal cooled when he saw her scars. There was no emotion on his handsome face just a quick scrutiny that was gone in an instant.  Compassion replaced animosity. She had suffered already.
 Hello, Kaelah. He had a deep voice now; gone was the boyish teasing she remembered.
Kaelah clenched her hands to prevent them from covering her scarred face. It was a struggle to appear calm as old feelings erupted. It felt like a physical blow as forgotten memories surged up, demanding to be acknowledged. She paused for composure.
Hello, Raven, she whispered.
He watched her through half-closed eyes. I heard you were here. Im sorry about your people.
Tomu interrupted any response Kaelah would have made. Lets sit with her, he said enthusiastically as he placed himself down next to her. But we have to sit on this side, the other side cant hear.
Tomu! Raven gave a sharp rebuke.	
What? Tomu asked, oblivious to the social blunder hed just made.
Kaelah jumped in with, Its all right. I told him that. She turned to Tomu. Thank you for remembering.
Tomu scowled as he muttered to Raven, Youre always mad at me.
No, I love you, Raven said, just as Coger, the Wise One, stepped to the stage. Raven was forced to sit as drums rolled and the ceremony began.
Coger, the Wise One, led a prayer of appreciation, songs were sung, and Drazen related an embroidered story of the whales capture. Kaelah was comforted by the Tribal Circles similarity to the ones held in the Valley; even the final song was one she knew.
As the villagers exited the building, Tomu grabbed her hand. Uncle Raven, can we show Kaelah the seal?
Its late, Raven objected.
Please. What if the mother comes and takes him away?
Reluctantly, Raven sighed. Okay, but only for a moment.
Tomu ran down the beach until he came to a pile of boulders just out of reach from the tide. He climbed to the top and looked down the other side.
Wait for us, Raven called out. Raven and Kaelah caught up with Tomu. Do you remember where he was?
Yes, right here.
Kaelah followed Tomus gaze down into a hollow among the rocks. A small, white, fluffy animal lay still in the sand. 
She gasped in pleasure. Thats a seal? How cute.
Its a baby seal, replied Raven.
Tomu got down on his hands and knees for a better look. Hes weaker, Tomu said in a pinched voice.
Whats wrong with him? asked Kaelah.
Raven watched the quiet animal. Somehow he was born out of season. I think hes been abandoned, he explained.
His mother just left him? Tomu wailed. Hes going to die. Why do mothers leave? he cried in anguish. And jumping up, he ran off down the beach.
Tomu! Come back! I have to go after him, Raven barked at Kaelah. Can you find your way?
Raven, wait. Kaelah put a restraining hand on his arm. I think hes lonely. He misses his mother.
Ravens lip curled. Of course. But I cant bring her back.
I was thinking a wolf pup. Marook says with Kita, hes never lonely.
Raven shook her hand off. Ill think about it, he said, in a tone of voice that said he wouldnt.
Kaelah watched as Raven chased after Tomu. She shook her head. Sometimes it was easier to see the answers to other peoples problems than it was to see the answers to your own.


Kaelah emerged from her hut, unsure how to spend the day. Before she realized what had happened, she was attacked in a good-natured hug from Tomu.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, he cried.
Kaelah pried him off with a smile. Whats this for? she asked.
Uncle Ravens going to ask Marook to get me a wolf pup. He said it was your idea.
It wont be easy. You have to feed him, take care of him. Its a lot of work, Kaelah advised.
Ill have someone of my own, someone who loves me.
Kaelah sobered. You have Raven. He loves you very much.
Hes never around. When the men go hunting, hes gone and Im alone. Tomu looked out to the endless water thoughtfully. After spear practice all the mothers ask their sons, How many targets did you hit today? No one ever asks me how many I hit. 
Raven approached up the hill. He looked happy, almost young again. Kaelah had a brief vision of him wearing the white fur cape.
What are you talking about? he asked in greeting.
Kaelah gave Tomu a warning look. Were discussing names for the wolf pup. Right?
Yeah. Tomu kicked at a rock.
Raven put his hands affectionately on Tomus shoulders. Arent you supposed to be at spear practice?
Yeah, I better go. Bye, Kaelah.
Raven watched as Tomu left. I havent seen Tomu so happy in a long while. He turned to face Kaelah. I owe you a debt of thanks. Are you settling in okay? Is there anything I can do to help you?
Yes. What good timing, Kaelah thought. I want to set some snares. Maybe you can tell me a good place.
Of course I know some good places. Come. Ill show you Bunny Hill.
As Raven and Kaelah spent the morning together, the easy conversation flowed from one topic to another. Raven was proud of Brumal, and in addition to showing her the hunting meadow, he gladly identified birds and plants that she had never seen in the Valley. 


Kaelah soon learned of the ladies afternoon gathering custom. When the weather permitted, they sat on stone benches outside the Tribal Lodge; otherwise, they met inside. The women bought sewing, beading, carving, or other small work that they could do while chatting together. Sometimes two or more worked together on a single project.
The afternoon cozies gave Kaelah an opportunity to become better acquainted with other women from the village. In addition to Aleeze, she formed a warm friendship with another young woman, Nalea. Small and petite, Nalea had an oval face and soft hair.
Nalea had taught Kaelah how to make the waterproof boots that the Ice People wore. They make good trade, Nalea confided. Kaelah finished her first pair and was anxious to see what she could trade for. You can make them even fancier if you add tassels to the end of the laces, Nalea suggested. Or fringe around the top.
Kaelah cheerfully envied her friends creative talent. How do you keep coming up with new ideas? she asked.
Nalea laughed. Ive been making boots all my life. I think I have a head start on you.
Their conversation came to an end when the beautiful Tevita began loudly berating an older, stooped woman. This is sloppy. I want you to start all over. Cut it apart and resew the stitches, smaller and neater.
Kaelah turned to Nalea and asked under her breath, Why is Tevita so rude to that woman? Shouldnt she be respectful?
Nalea kept her voice low. Thats Menga. Tevitas father took her for a second bond, a pity bond.
A pity bond? Kaelah frowned. I never heard of such a thing. We didnt have them in the Valley.
Nalea pulled out a length of thread. After the men hunt, they split up the meat. A woman without a man bond or son doesnt get any, so she hopes to become a second bond, sometimes called a pity bond. When a man takes a second bond, he has no interest in lying with her. Hes agreeing to take care of her, and in return she does chores for him and his family. She used her teeth to cut the thread. Shes a woman that no one wants.
So he takes pity on her, Kaelah said in understanding.
Yes.
How sad.
I suppose. Nalea shrugged. But what else can they do? The women need to eat. What did your village do with the old women, the ones too old to do much work?
The old ones with weak legs would string berries and chase birds away from the drying racks. Theyre very important jobs.
As soon as Kaelah saw Tevita leave, she moved over close to Menga and smiled.
A happy commotion sounded as boys from the village descended on the womens gathering. Careful of the bowls, one woman cautioned, dont spill anything.
Caldi looked warmly at her son. How was the spear practice today? she asked.
I hit seven targets, he answered.
Good work, Caldi bragged.
Another woman asked her son how many he hit. Five, he responded, and got a nod of approval from her.
Kaelah spoke up. Tomu, did you hit any targets?
With a surprised grin, he answered proudly, I hit eight.
They shared a secret smile as Kaelah remarked, I think youll be a great hunter someday.

_  _  _

Storms blew in across Brumal. Blizzards like Kaelah had never seen before picked up tiny bits of ice, and the hard sharp pieces stung any exposed skin. Sometimes the falling snow was so thick she couldnt see an arms length in front of herself. On these occasions she stayed in her hut, lonely but snug in the muffled quiet.
Kaelah, Kaelah. Are you there? Kaelah opened the door so Raven could enter. Behind him was utter whiteness. Its a big storm. Tomu and I were a little worried about you. Are you all right?
Yes, she answered, pleased that he had thought of her. But I decided not to come out today, I didnt want to get lost.
Raven nodded. Thats wise, its better that you dont. The storm will blow over by tomorrow. Do you have everything you need?
Yes.
Ravens face was almost completely obscured by a fur hood. I better get back to Tomu before he gets the idea in his head to come find me. Ill feel better now, knowing that youre safe inside. Ill see you when the storms over. He left and disappeared into the whiteness.

_  _  _

Kaelah began to feel at ease with the Ice People. She still mourned the loss of the Valley, but she had to admit that the people of Brumal had done everything they could to make her feel welcome. Even Raven. And sometimes, in a less guarded state of mind, she could believe he might still care for her.
Kaelah reached the door to the Tribal Lodge just as Raven did. They were greeting each other when Tomu arrived. The gods are dancing, he said in an excited voice.
Raven smiled at his nephew. I heard. The next hunt will be good.
Where are they dancing? Kaelah asked.
I can show you, Raven volunteered easily. They can only be seen from Lookout Hill. Its a short hike. Are you ready for one?
Yes, Kaelah admitted. Id love to see the gods dancing.
Tomu, are you coming?
Tomu had already lost interest in the dancing gods. He watched two friends play a game of stone throw, and was waiting for his own turn. No, he answered absently, I was just up there. You go. Ill wait here.
Okay, dont get into trouble. Raven and Kaelah started up the path together. A soft darkness clouded the sky. Kaelah hugged her thick cape closer to her body; it got so very cold up here. Raven noticed and asked, Are you warm enough?
Yes, a bit of cold snuck in, but its gone now.
At a fork in the trail, Raven took a hand out from under his cape to point which direction. I see you at the womens afternoon gathering. I hope youre making friends.
Oh, yes, the people here have been wonderful to me. Kaelah looked back; they had come quite a distance and she realized they would either miss the Tribal Circle or be very late. Will it be rude to miss the Tribal Circle? she asked as they ascended Lookout Hill.
Raven shook his head. Dont worry. People are often absent when the gods are dancing. Kaelah stumbled in the dark and Raven grabbed her arm to steady her. He held it for several steps before letting go.
They reached the peak and off in the distance, Kaelah saw the most spectacular light show. A waterfall of colored clouds spilled from the sky. Graceful wings spread out, twisting up and around. As she stood, transfixed, the colors changed from green to blue.
Oh, she gasped, I never imagined anything so grand. The gods must be happy.
She didnt notice Raven glance down at her. Yes, he agreed, they must be.

_  _  _

Menga, the old woman, rarely attended the womens afternoon gathering. Kaelah learned that Tevita usually had work for the elderly lady that kept her away from the group. When Menga did attend, Kaelah made a point to sit with her.
Thats so pretty. You do lovely work. Kaelah admired the white fur cape Menga sewed on. 
Thank you. I wish it was for another, but its a binding cape for Tevita.
Kaelah held up the wooden bowl she was carving and eyed it critically as she twisted it from side to side looking for symmetry. Oh. I didnt know she was binding with anyone. She used a stone knife to chip some uneven splinters away.
Menga scoffed. Just because she has a binding cape doesnt mean shell get bid on. Shes just hoping.
Only half interested, Kaelah asked, Who does she want to bid on her?
Mengas hands stilled. I think the man Raven. I see her watching him. But he knows its a bad matchthe bear doesnt lie with the porcupine. She nodded sagely to herself. Besides, an old woman shouldnt talk, but I think he sees another.
Kaelahs knife accidentally nicked the top of her knuckle. When is the next bidding Fire Circle? 
Menga picked up her needle again. When the moon is round.
Kaelah was thoughtful as she held a finger over the knuckle to stop the bleeding. Finally she asked, If I wanted to collect shells from the endless water, where would I go?
Menga frowned. Theres nowhere in Brumal to collect shells.
Would anyone have them for trade?
Hmm, lets see. Menga squinted in concentration. Tip Foxtail might have some.
Tip Foxtail had been aptly named. Whenever Kaelah saw him, she was struck by the similarity he had to his namesake. In addition to his pointy nose and slanted eyes, he had a quick wit that he used to charm the ladies. Yes, I know who he is. Which hut will I find him at?
He lives by himself in the hut thats closest to the rising sun.
Kaelah stood up. I see which one. Thanks Menga, Ill ask him.


In the dim interior of Tips hut, Kaelah studied the shells he produced. Beautifully shaped and shiny, they were in perfect condition.
How many rabbit skins? she asked. 
Tip chewed his lip. Five. Cleaned and dried.
Okay. Kaelah took the bag. It may take me as long as a moon. Will that be all right?
Thats fine, he replied, happy at the deal theyd struck.


Kaelah squatted in front of her hut; she used a stick to draw marks in the dirt as she counted how many rabbit pelts shed need. Quite a few. No matter. She rose. Shed spent a good portion of her life catching rabbits. Kaelah retrieved her snares and made for Bunny Hill.

_  _  _

Reliably, the Moon God dimmed and smiled, then began the arched journey toward his bright circle phase.
Nalea sharpened a needle as she talked to the women at the afternoon gathering. The moon will be round in a few days, time for gifting and bidding.
Im so nervous, giggled Aleeze.
Sounds like someone is going to gift to Rekeekee.
Is anyone else going to gift? Nalea gingerly tested the needle against her finger.
In an affected move, Tevita ran a hand down her body. Im gifting to Raven.
Didnt you gift to him once before, and he ignored you? someone challenged.
That was a long time ago. Hes changed since then. Hes grown up and knows what he wants. She snaked a hand up the back of her neck and drew the hair over the front of her shoulder with a slinky smile. She was an attractive, alluring girl and knew it.
No one spoke, as if collectively the women had the same thought. Kaelah wondered if anyone could compete with so much appeal. But then, no matter how enticing, one most important fact remained: Tevita was nasty.
Perhaps someone can explain to me how your gifting custom works, Kaelah said.
Tevita looked at Kaelah dismissively. Youre not going to be foolish enough to gift to anyone, are you?
She can if she wants. Aleeze came to Kaelahs defense.
Youd embarrass yourself. And youd embarrass any man you gifted to, Tevita said with authority.
Ignore Tevita, Nalea advised. Youre as welcome as anyone to gift. Gifting is very simple. If you are interested in a man and would accept his bid, you gift him some food. Most women gift the evening before the round moon. The night of the round moon is the circle for bidding. 
Tevitas lip curled. Why the interest anyway? I thought you were going back to Sol with your cousin.

_  _  _

Secretly, Kaelah worked in her hut, cutting and stitching. For the last few days shed scarcely been in the village; her project had occupied all her time.
Hey, Kaelah. Are you in here? Tomu announced his arrival as he entered her hut without invitation. He eyed the disarray of white furs and shells. What are you making?
Its a secret.
He held his hands out in a gesture of honesty. I wont tell.
Kaelah relented. All right. Its a cape for a binding ceremony.
Thats what I thought. Whore you going to gift to?
She studied him for a moment. If I gifted to Raven, do you think hed bid on me?
Maybe. Hes always making excuses to talk to you.
Kaelah started to chew a fingernail. She wondered again if it was a wise idea to gift Raven. Was she just going to embarrass herself and make others uncomfortable? Maybe she misread Ravens interest in her. After all, a man was allowed to bid even if he hadnt been gifted. 
Tomu picked up a pile of fur and shells. Whats this?
Kaelah took the object from him and put it on her head. The white fur and shells turned into an ornate headdress. The fur cap hugged her head, while strings of small shells hung down the front, and then looped to the back, hiding half her face.
Wow, said Tomu, Ive never seen anything like that before.
Gratified at his reaction, Kaelah smiled. Neither have I, butI was inspired.
Kaelah threw the unfinished cape over her shoulders.
What do you think?
Tomu winced. Its nice, for a girl.

_  _  _

Two seabirds soared on the wind drifts, flirting and diving, then spiraling high in a lovers dance. Tevita watched the birds enviously; she deserved a lover. Raven should be hers. At one time shed thought it would be a certainty, then he went wandering, and when he returned hed changed. And since his brother died, hed been wrapped up in that brat nephew of his.
The birds flew off, still twirling with each other. Tevita sat down. The dull, monotonous days bored her. Some new trinkets would help, some shiny shells or fancy feathers. But the traveling merchants werent due for a while yet.
She closed her eyes and tried to conjure up her favorite daydream. The most handsome traveler would come and take her away from here. The dream wouldnt come. Crossly Tevita opened her eyes. There was that monster-faced girl crossing the village. The girl had no business looking so content all the time. Spirits, Tevita hated her, and her attitude of calm acceptance With a disfigurement like that, she should be hiding in a cave.
The girl carried a bundle. Tevita narrowed her eyes and wondered about its contents. The moon would be round tomorrow; this was the day of gifting. Tevita wondered if the Berry Picker was going to be foolish enough to gift someone. Admittedly, Tevita had seen her hang around Raven, but she wasnt worriedsurely he wouldnt bid on the girl with a face like that!
Kaelah walked until she reached the hut closest to the rising sun. She stopped at the door and Tip came out. They spoke and Kaelah handed him the bundle. Tevita laughed to herself; the little fool must be gifting Tip Foxtail.

_  _  _

Excitement filled the Brumals as they filled the Tribal Lodge. Tonight was the night of gifting; tomorrow, the night of bidding. Some outcomes were predictable, some were not, and that was part of the fun.
Kaelah sat in her usual spot and was relieved when Raven sat next to her. Sometimes Tomu sat between them, but not this night.
Kaelah had brought a hair ornament with her. Instead of the Brumal custom of gifting food, she had decided to favor him with a hair braid of feathers and shells. She was sure he would remember the Berry Picker custom they had shared once before.
She found herself nervous and was hardly aware of the evenings events. Then the singing began, and Kaelah saw Aleeze approach Reekeekee. This must be the time to gift, thought Kaelah. With a fluttering heart, she tentatively began to braid the leather strip into Ravens hair.
Raven turned toward her. But before he could speak he noticed Tevita weaving toward them. He froze in mid thought; the front of Tevitas shift had been left unlaced, exposing some womanly curves.
With an expression of promise, Tevita leaned toward Raven, offering him the bowl of food she carried. Her shift dropped lower, revealing a sensuous body as lovely as her face.
Hello, Raven. Her husky voice breathed.
Stunned into wood, Raven accepted the food automatically.
Tevita smiled; that had got his attention. Kaelah, I saw you give something to Tip Foxtail this afternoon. Were you gifting him?
Surprise made Kaelah speechless. 
The smile on Tevitas face grew broader, Raven did you know of Kaelahs secret gifting? She smirked, I guess our little Berry Picker wants Tip to bid on her.
My gifting is none of your business, Kaelah responded hotly. 
Tevita tossed her hair back, and laughed as she swayed off.
Raven looked at Kaelah with a furrowed brow. She had not denied the accusation. Here she was at this moment, favoring him with a hair ornament. Once before she had led him to bid on her, only to be tossed off in the end. His face burned with anger and embarrassment at the memory. The Healer had predicted Kaelah would bond with Deek. The man must have perished with the others during the cave-in. Raven would not lower himself to ask her. And now Kaelah was trying the same trick again with himself and Tip Foxtail. Did she take him to be as slow-witted as a slug? He wouldnt fall for the same fraud again.
Kaelah saw the suspicious expression cross Ravens face. She tried to give him a reassuring smile as she finished the braid, but he seemed remote and distracted. She started to speak to him, but the ceremony resumed.  She quelled her uneasiness with the thought that they would have an opportunity to speak after the meeting. But he left abruptly without saying good-bye.


A warm wind blew from the rising suna dry wind, one without clouds. Small rodents sunned themselves in the rare warmth, and birds feasted on insects that had ventured out in the unusually fine weather.
Nalea raised her head from the ivory bead she was carving. She looked at Kaelah. The sun feels so good. You must miss it. Was it like this often in the Valley?
Entranced at the skill of the intricate work, Kaelah picked up one of the finished beads. Yes, most days were warm.
Aleeze sighed. That would be nice.
Caldi joined their conversation. The clear sky means the stars will be out later. Thats a good sign for the bidding ceremony tonight.
Tevita stood up and stretched. I cant wait to wear my wedding cape. I gifted Raven, and he couldnt keep his eyes off me.
No one could take their eyes off you, Aleeze scoffed. You didnt tie your shift. 
Shut up, Tevita snarled.
Kaelah put the beads back. She tried to sound nonchalant as she asked, Does a woman wear her wedding cape to the bidding ceremony?
Aleeze answered, No, a girl goes back to her hut to put on her wedding cape after shes been bid on. The binding ceremony is later in the evening.
The bead Nalea was working on fell from her fingers, and she scrambled to catch it before it rolled too far. Not everyone has a full cape. Some only have a shoulder cape or a collar.
Tevita narrowed her eyes. Why such an interest, Kaelah? Do you think someone will bid on you?
Kaelah lifted her chin. Maybe.
A nasty laugh accompanied Tevitas words. Who? Tip?
Tevita, leave it. Aleeze ended the conversation.


The Tribal Lodge seemed uncomfortably warm, but Kaelah knew it was just her nerves. The bidding ceremony began with chants and rhythmic stick tapping, then moved on to softer songs. Kaelah twisted her hands together; they were damp with sweat. 
Tonight she sat by herself. The ceremony had begun before Raven and Tomu arrived, so they were obliged to sit in the back. Kaelah wondered uneasily if Raven had arranged that on purpose. She still had reservations about standing up at the bidding signal.
The songs stopped, and Coger, the Wise One, announced, Time to begin our bidding ceremony. He raised his arms. Oh, great and powerful spirits, bless our unions tonight. The audience made murmurs of agreement. Ladies, come down. Coger grandly swept his arm.
Aleeze approached the stage with poised confidence, and Kaelah felt happy for her. With trepidation, Kaelah rose and approached the stage. Coger smiled encouragingly at her. Tevita followed Kaelah and stood on the other side of Coger.
The Wise One looked around the lodge. Are there any other ladies for bidding tonight? No? Then lets begin. He made a space next to himself. Aleeze. Come forward. Is there any man who would bid on Aleeze? A beautiful girl and a hard worker.
Rekeekee stood up. I would bid this shell and ivory jewelry. He held up strings of beads and shells.
Coger turned serious and announced to the audience as much as to Aleeze, Rekeekee is strong and honorable. Aleeze will you take this bid? 
I will.
The Wise One nodded, satisfied. Then let this be. Aleeze left the stage.
Kaelah, come forward. Coger took her hand affectionately. Is there one who bids on Kaelah? She is new to us, but has proved worthy of being a Brumal.
The Lodge was silent; a few people looked around. Many were prepared for Raven to bid on Kaelahafter all, they spent a solid amount of time together.
At the back of the building, Tomu and Raven whispered back and forth. Uncle, bid.
No.
Why not?
She gifted to someone else.
No, she wants you.
Quiet.
Coger scanned the villagers. Kaelah is a fine woman. Is there a bid? he asked hopefully.
Tomu jumped up. Yes! Here!
Silence slapped the lodge and every face turned to Raven. He stood up slowly; hed spent all morning remembering the fool shed made of him annums ago. Hed trailed her all over the Valley, then shed swatted him away. He wouldnt fall again.
Tomu tugged him back to the present. Bid, Uncle. Every eye in the Lodge bore expectantly into him.
I would bid on Kaelahas a second bond. The shocked look on her face satisfied his bruised ego. Gasps of pity and outrage circled the Lodge at this insult to Kaelah.
Agitated, the Wise One raised his hands for silence. Are there no other bids? he asked hopefully. He gave Raven a reproachful look. After a soundless pause he spoke softly to her. Kaelah, you dont have to take this bid.
Kaelah held her head up. Ill take this bid until my cousins return.
Coger squeezed her hand. Kaelah, theres no ceremony for a second bond. Go now, move your belongings to Ravens hut.
Excited whispering had started among the villagers. The hushed tones reached Kaelahs ears. She wanted to run, to hide, to disappear through the floor, but stoically she walked back toward Raven. Working to keep her breathing even she strangled the tears that threatened.
Tomu danced happily along as he and Kaelah followed Ravens stiff back toward Kaelahs hut.
Were going to be together now, just like a family, Tomu announced joyfully. Well move your stuff, Kaelah. Ill help you carry it. Im strong. Kaelah remained silent, grateful to have Tomus happy chatter fill what would otherwise be an uncomfortable silence. Uncle Raven made me a box to keep my spearheads in. Maybe hell make one for your sewing.
Kaelah entered her hut, followed by Tomu. Raven ducked under the door; his grim expression didnt change as he surveyed the contents.
The binding cape and headdress, so lovingly sewn, were laid out on her sleeping mat, ready to wear. In the soft moonlight, the clean white of the fur and feathers nearly glowed. Kaelah grimaced at the sightso much time and hope had gone into making them. It had been an absurd notion to think that Raven would bid on her. He didnt want to touch her. He pitied her. She pressed her lips together.
Tomu examined the cape. You finished it. It looks real nice. Are you going to wear it during your binding to Uncle Raven?
No, not this time.
But you went to so much work, Tomu persisted.
Kaelah tried to hide the hat before Raven could make out its purpose. She felt foolish, and her embarrassment would be doubled if Raven knew she had made the silly thing. She resolved to bury it when no one was looking. I never really meant to wear them. Theyll make good trade.
But I thought
Kaelah interrupted before he could finish. Will you help me roll up my sleeping mat?
They gathered Kaelahs sparse possessions quickly and carried them to Ravens hut. Kaelah followed him in and hesitated in the doorway, unsure what he expected of her. She watched as he skillfully lit a bowl of oil.
This is my hut. Put your sleeping mat and stuff on that side, he said gruffly. The tidy hut surprised Kaelah; their possessions had been kept to a minimum. Weapon supplies, fur, and pots in which she supposed foodstuffs were kept lined one side of the hut.
While Kaelah unrolled her sleeping mat, Tomu retrieved his weapon box. See, Kaelah, this is the box I have. Would you like to hold it? He handed the box to her.
Its beautiful, she answered honestly.
Theres carving on the lid.
I see. It must have taken a long time to finish. She ran an admiring hand over the top before handing it back.
Tomu yawned. Im glad youre here. I was afraid Uncle Raven wasnt going to bid on you.
Tomu, quiet, Raven growled. Its time to put the light out.
Good night, Kaelah.
Good night, Tomu. 
The sleeping furs usually so warm and safe brought no relief tonight. Kaelah snuggled down as far as she could and pulled the fur blanket over her head. Now that she was alone in her cocoon, she could mourn privately the humiliation of the evening.  
The public snub wasnt nearly as painful as the knowledge the Raven pitied her. Searing pain and shame pierced her heart. It had been a long time since she had allowed herself to feel any self-pity, but the dark hollow feeling was too strong to fight tonight.
Deep in her blankets Kaelah clenched her teeth as she released the silent tears.  He mustnt hear her cry mustnt know how deeply she hurt. If he couldnt see past the scars, she didnt want his sympathy.
She lay alone in the darkness with the truth. He was unable to love a disfigured woman.

CHAPTER SIX

Raven wound the leather rope into a figure eight that would uncoil for quick access. He put it in his backpack along with his bola.
The bola the Ice Men used consisted of an arms length of leather rope weighted on each end with a bag of sand. After grasping the rope in the center and circling it overhead to gain momentum, the user would let fly the weapon to stun or capture the intended prey.
It took great skill to tangle the legs of an animal and not injure it. Rather than hunt and dress caribou out in the field, the men from Brumal preferred to capture the animals, hobble them, and walk them back to the village. Coger, the Wise One, with many seasons experience, was by far the most accurate thrower of the village. Raven and the other men would use their bolas as backup.
The villagers had come out in force. It wasnt expected to be a risky trip, and a couple of new hunters were going on their first outing. Families mingled with loved ones, saying good-bye.
Kaelah made another stitch in the boot she was sewing. She watched the send-off from a distance. Menga, the pity bond of Tevitas father, sat next to her.
How long will the men be gone? Kaelah asked.
Menga stopped her sewing to observe the crowd. Two or three days. The elk are close in this season.
Raven tied the top of his pack, then hoisted the heavy bag onto his back. Tomu stood next to him. I wish I could go. 
Maybe next time, Raven answered. He put his hands on his nephews shoulders. Ill start teaching you how to shoot a bow and arrow when I return, so be good.
I will. Ill protect Kaelah for you.
You do that. He looked up, and his eyes locked with Kaelahs just as they had so long ago when he wore his white fur cape to the Valley. But this time he didnt smile.

Stone throw and elk grab were two favorite pastimes for the people of Brumal. While Raven was gone Tomu spent the evenings teaching Kaelah rules and strategies for the games. They finished for the evening and Tomu put the pieces away.
Since the first day in Ravens hut, she had noticed a large animal tooth partially concealed at the back edge of the floor. The smooth, curved piece measured the length and width of Kaelahs arm. She shuddered at the size the animal must have been if a single tooth was that big. It caught her attention as she and Tomu prepared for bed.
Tomu, the whale this tooth came from must have been as big as the Ice Camp, she said without exaggeration.
Tomu looked at the tooth she referred to, then laughed out loud at her assumption. Thats not a regular tooth, its He stopped to think. It comes from a walrus. A walrus is like a very large seal that has two big tusks that hang down. All the other teeth are small. We carve the tusks.
Why hasnt this tusk been carved? she asked.
I dont know. But something about it makes Uncle Raven sad.
She sighed. People had secrets. Good night, Tomu. Kaelah put out the oil flame and snuggled under her fur blankets. She was tired.
Kaelah. Tomu hadnt fallen asleep yet.
Yes.
Im glad youre here. Before you came, I had to stay by myself. She could hear him roll over. I didnt like that.
She would have to tell Tomu that she would be leavening when Marook arrived. But not tonight. She wanted to put it off.
Kaelah had a sudden memory of Ralu dancing on the path with a basket on his head. She felt homesick and wondered how the berries would be next annum. It seemed so long ago that shed left the Valley.

_  _  _

The women had assembled for their afternoon gathering when Caldi stood up and announced, Here come the men! There was some general excitement as the hunters returned with the caribou. How many do they have? someone asked. Two. No, three. 
Kaelah looked up; off in the distance a line of men encouraged the three hobbled caribou to continue obediently toward the village. By now the women had abandoned their work and gone to meet their loved ones. Kaelah was left alone. With her head down and eyes on her work, she could still hear the laughter, warm welcomes, and excited greetings. A jumble of happy voices all spoke at once, telling different versions of the same story. She could imagine the tight embraces. A happy celebration, except she was left out, pitied. She had been a sad fool to think that she would ever fit in here.

_  _  _

The days gradually warmed; the thick ice that covered the earth melted leaving a spongy, wet ground cover. Animals that had disappeared during the cold returned to take advantage of the long days and abundant food supply. With the promise of warm weather, Kaelah grew hopeful that Marook would return soon.
Aleeze had shown Kaelah how to sew an egg pouch, a bag with six large pockets and a long strap. With the strap worn diagonally over her shoulder, Kaelah set off with the other women on an egg-gathering expedition.
Take this, Aleeze offered. We use it to assist climbing the mountain and shoo the birds away. She handed Kaelah a long stick reminiscent of the Valley Fang Sticks, and Kaelah had a brief flashback to her home country and felt a pang of sadness.
The egg site wasnt far, but Kaelah learned that the period to gather eggs was brief. They hatch quickly, Nalea explained.
Even at the foot of the cliff they could hear the cacophony of arguing birds. The steep climb up the gravel path made talking difficult, and the women were breathless by the time they reached the top of the plateau. After her breathing returned to normal, Nalea moved next to Kaelah and raised her voice. Did you have eggs in the Valley? 
YesKaelah shook her headbut not like these. In the Valley, bird nests had only two or three tiny eggs that were hardly worth the effort to retrieve. But these eggs were bigger than her fist.
At first the large birds ignored the women, instead pecking and flapping their wings at each other. At Kaelahs apprehensive expression, Nalea laughed. Follow me, she advised.
Nalea took her long stick and started pushing the birds off their nests. Shoo, shoo. The birds objected with squawking and flapping, but complied after a second prod.
The egg bags were filled quickly. The trick is getting them home, Nalea yelled above the squawking birds. The line of women carefully started down. 
Since her injury Kaelahs field of vision had been cut severely; as a result, she wanted to travel slower than the other women, so she let them move ahead of her in line. The heavy bags and loose gravel made the steep descent especially arduous and it required extra concentration.
Tevita maneuvered behind the monster-faced girl, and watched her pick her way down the path. Spirits, she hated the girl. It was Kaelahs fault that Raven had left the bidding early, thereby missing Tevitas turn. Her lips pursed in a sour line. She edged up to Kaelahs blind side. When she waved and got no reaction, she swiftly stuck her stick between Kaelahs legs. Tevita watched in satisfaction as Kaelah went sliding down the steep hill.
The other women raced to help the fallen girl, now covered with a slime of raw egg.
That was clumsy, chortled Tevita. Now Raven wont have any eggs.
Dont worry. Nalea knelt by Kaelah. Every season someone falls. Are you hurt? No. Good. You and I can come back tomorrow. In the meantime, we must wash your clothes before the egg dries.
Disappointed and dirty, Kaelah entered Ravens hut. She hurt all over, but at least the cape had protected her from getting scratched.
Kaelah removed her cape. The egg had already started to dry. To her dismay she saw it was also on her shift. She pulled it over her head and dropped it on the floor, and then used a leather towel to wipe at the smear of egg on her legs.
Suddenly, Raven entered the hut, as quiet as always. They looked at each other in surprise. Kaelah held the towel up to cover herself. I came to get my bow and arrows. Im teaching Tomu to shoot, Raven said, as if he needed to justify his presence.
Averting his gaze, he stepped to the back of the hut, avoiding the pile of clothes, and picked up his bow and arrows. As he headed for the door, Raven took a second glance at Kaelah. He froze, the muscles in his face tightened, then he walked over to her and pulled the towel down far enough to reveal the tooth necklace she wore. He grasped hold of it. You still wear this. Was it a question or a statement? Kaelahs voice froze shut.
Uncle Raven, Tomu called from outside.
Im coming, he answered. He started to leave, but when he reached the door, he stopped and looked at her again.


Tevita stood in the distance and watched as Raven left his hut. He carried his bow and arrows in one hand and put the other around his nephew. As they walked away, he kept glancing back at his hut. She felt a gnawing acid in her stomach, and her lip curled. She hated that Berry Picker.


Did you get the egg off? Nalea asked Kaelah at the womans afternoon gathering.
Most of it. Kaelah answered. She felt herself blush.
Dont worry, we can go egg-hunting again tomorrow. Aleeze says she might come, too.
Thanks. What do you think tomorrows weather will be like?
Warm, like today. The warm season is coming, Nalea assured her.
In fact, the women had removed their capes in the warmth of the afternoon. Without a hood to cover her head, Naleas hair was exposed. It was pulled back in a single braid, accentuating her graceful neck. On one side she wore an ear dangle, a loop of thin twine strung with beads then hung over the ear. It swung gently as she talked. Kaelah thought of the extra shells she had, and decided she would make a shell ear dangle for Aleeze. Her mouth formed a grim line. She had enough shells to make ear dangles for all the women.
Oh, look, said Caldi, here come our future hunters.
Tomu arrived with the other boys and leaned against Kaelah in a sincere moment of  affection. A toad sat in the back of her throat. She would be leaving soon. She winked at him. Hows the bow-and-arrow training? Are you hitting many targets?
Tevita burned. No matter what that little Berry Picker did, the other villagers liked her. No one should like her; she was ugly. Kaelah, stop it.
Kaelah ignored her. Im proud of you. One day youll be a great hunter.
Tevita raged. Youre making a fool of yourself, hoping Raven will notice you pretending to be Tomus mother. Raven took you for a pity bond, she spat. You sure looked silly, standing on stage, waiting for someone to bid on you. Everyone was laughing. The men find you repulsive.
Nalea stood up. Tevita, thats enough! And its not true.
No? Tevita stood and faced Kaelah. Do you imagine yourself pretty? Thats a dream. Did you really think that hed want to touch you? Just looking at you makes me want to retch.
Tevita, stop it! Aleeze pulled at her arm.
Kaelah put a shaky hand to her face.
Tevita hadnt finished. Did you know theres a reflecting pond on top of Truth Mountain? Go to it. Go see what we have to look at.
Kaelah stood slowly, as if in a trance.
Nalea touched her shoulder. Kaelah, no! Ignore Tevita.
But the mountain called her.
Nalea turned angrily on Tevita. Tevita, shut up, you outdo yourself with rudeness. But Tevita only laughed.
Kaelah drifted toward the path of Truth Mountain.
Kaelah, come back. Aleeze froze with indecision, then turned to Tomu. Go find your uncle.
Tomu delivered a well-aimed kick at Tevita before running off to find Raven.


Marook cupped his hands around his mouth and helloed to any Brumal within earshot. Raven heard the distant hail and went to meet his friend.
Raven.
Marook. They embraced in a warriors hug.
Kita pranced; she would take any excuse for tail wagging.
Raven finally stepped back. Sorry I missed your last visit. Your bonded?
Marook smiled. He couldnt help a short brag. She gave me a son.
The two men, as one, picked up the pulling ropes.
For the first child, a son is good, Raven admitted. And his name?
Otter Brave One. Hes a rascal.
Raven raised his eyebrows. Already? Youll have your hands full. 
Yes. I miss him, and Mia. Ive decided to make this my last trip.
Raven felt disappointment; he would miss seeing his friend every annum. Will you become a hunter then? 
Marook shrugged. Something that keeps me close to my family.


Kaelah wound her way up the path. On top of the mountain, hidden among the peaks of the peaceful sanctuary, the clear, still water mirrored the clouds passing over. Pine trees grew to the shore of the pond and reflected off the surface with perfect clarity.
Kaelah stood back from the edge, gathering her courage. An unseen force pulled her forward to the edge. Her breath quickened, and with shaking apprehension, she looked down.
There were two parts of the face that reflected back. The right side drooped, uncontrolled and tattooed randomly with stitch marks; the eyelid sunk over an empty socket.
 The left side reflected the horrified look of seeing the other.
No. No. No! she screamed. She looked as bad as she had ever imagined. Sobbing, Kaelah fell to her knees. She splashed hysterically at the girl in the water; when that didnt make her disappear, Kaelah scooped up handfuls of mud and covered her face with it. Deep, mournful cries welled up from within her, releasing all the hurt, loneliness, and rejection from her soul. Her sobbing echoed across the pond until she had exhausted herself. Sshh.  The voice of the wind whispered. Sshh, listen. There is another here.


Raven swatted at the myriad of buzzing insects that had emerged with the warm weather. Youve come early this season.
I used to stay many days with the Berry Pickers before I came here to Brumal. But theres no one there now. Besides, he didnt want to admit, but hed been worried about Kaelah. Hows my cousin?
Are you going to take her with you?
Marook glanced sideways at Raven. There was some undetermined emotion in his voice. That was my intention, he replied as he adeptly kicked a small rock out of his path.
Raven silently ground his teeth. Hed just discovered Kaelah still wore his Honor Necklace. He thought shed traded it. Spirits. He still loved the woman even though she would make a fool of him. He was still angry with her, but he didnt want her to go. Not yet, if they had more time But Marook was looking at him expectantly.
Shes my second bond, Raven said reluctantly.
Misunderstanding Marook replied, That was kind of you to take her in.  I didnt know you had a first bond. Anyone I know?
I dont have a first bond, Raven admitted.
Slightly confused, Marook took a few moments to consider. Oh.
You didnt expect me to take her for my first bond after Deek?
Marook slowed to look at his friend. What are you talking about?
Kala accepted my bid offering then she bonded with Deek. Raven said angrily.
Marook looked quizzically at Raven. Have you eaten some spoiled food? he queried. Kaelah never bonded with Deek, nor had any interest in him.
She was happy when I traded my white fur cape to the man.
Marook shrugged. Of course, Tether was her best friend.  
Tether? 
The girl Deek bonded with. She wanted a white fur cape. Kala would have been happy that her best friend was getting the bidding gift that she wanted, Marook explained.
 Deek bonded with Tether? Raven asked as confirmation.
Yes, Marook said firmly.
A dawning realization weakened Raven. He had intentionally humiliated Kaelah. Simply put, his ego had been pricked and like a child, he had lashed out to hurt in return. Raven put a hand to his chest. He felt a snake gripping panic and shortness of breath. What kind of man was he?
He must find Kaelah and put this right.
Marook looked at Raven in concern, Are you all right, my friend? You look 
But before Marook could finish his sentence, Raven dropped the pulling rope. Spirits. What have I done? He ran ahead leaving a bewildered Marook to pull the sled by himself.


Nalea intercepted Raven on the way to his hut looking for Kaelah. Briefly, she told him about Tevitas unkind words, and that she suspected he would probably find her at the Reflecting Pond. Ashamed, Raven knew Tevitas words would have been meaningless without his humiliating bid.
Raven took a shortcut to the reflecting pond on Truth Mountain. He hoped he could beat Kaelah there. Kaelah, he called as he hiked upward. Kaelah. He listened but heard no response. The path went on longer than he remembered it. The shortcut finally merged with the regular path. Not much farther now. And with relief he saw her. She stood erect, looking stoically over the water. He walked up behind her. She must have heard him, but she didnt turn around. He was close when he finally stopped.
He spoke softly. Kaelah, Im sorry.
Dont be. She didnt move.
Im ashamed of the way I bid.
Ive seen my face. Anyone would have done the same.
Kaelah, its not scars that made me bid the way I did. The wolf of pride was biting my leg, and I went with him to an evil place. I ask your forgiveness.
Theres nothing to forgive. You havent been unkind to me.
Id like another chance to bid on you.
No. Ill be leaving the Ice Camp. While Ive been up here, my grandmothers spirit came to me and told me to return to the Valley.
Why? Theres no one else there.
My grandmothers spirit returned in the pine trees. I should go find her.
His lips formed a grim line. It would be disrespectful to quarrel with her ancestors spirit. Id like to argue, but Ill respect your grandmothers wishes.

_  _  _

The people of Brumal gathered around Marook and Kaelah. Though she had been there only one annum, she was regarded warmly and would be missed by the villagers. As Marook anchored his goods securely in preparation for travel, Kaelah was hugged by her close friends in some last-moment good-byes.
Almost ready, Marook informed her when Raven silently arrived. Raven had tried to find an opportunity to talk privately with Kaelah, but she had moved back to the Witchs hut with Marook while he did his trading, and had not left his side since.
Kaelah, can you walk with me? At her hesitation, he added, Please.
As the two left earshot from the group, Raven put a hand on her shoulder. Thereve been some misunderstandings between us. Things I didnt understand made me do things I regret. Im sorry. Sorrier than I can say. But Kaelah, please know I never stopped loving you.
Raven slid his hand up her shoulder and under the collar of her cape, then deftly used his thumb to hook the tooth necklace and pull it from its hiding place. His hand froze in midair. Please wear it out. It still means now what it meant then. He let the beads fall gently to her chest, then kissed the scars on the right side of her face.
Tears threatened. Kaelah felt a wavering of resolve, but she fortified herself with her ancestors wishes. A whispered Thank you was all she could manage.

_  _  _

As they traveled, Marook wondered about Raven and Kaelah. He had sensed a tension between them. Not a bad tension, but more of a circling. Doubt? Distrust? He looked at Kaelah. What are you thinking? he asked. 
Naively, he thought she would be thinking of her new home in Sol, and was shocked when she revealed her plans to stay in the Valley while he returned to Sol alone. Horrified, he objected strenuously to the plan, pointing out that it would be dangerous and lonely for her to live by herself so far from other people. But Kaelah had been adamant, and no amount of cajoling could change her mind. Marook let it drop for the moment. Perhaps she would change her mind as they drew nearer the Valley.
Marook turned to a safer topic of conversation. This is fine weather for traveling, he said in an easy kinship as they pulled the sled together. They left the shallow bleak hills of Brumal, and were greeted by gradually greener, sharper peaks. It took many days before they reached Wolf Jaw Mountain.
At the foot of Wolf Jaw, Marook stopped and stretched. Lets stop here for the night. Well go over the mountains tomorrow. He dug around in his sled for some food while Kita gave their camp a sniffed inspection. Kaelah gathered twigs and soon they had a small fire, their camp set for the night.
After their meal, they rolled out their sleeping mats. Marook looked over the dying fire at Kaelah. I dont like leaving you here alone. I think you should come to Sol with me.
I wont be alone. She paused, content and confident. Grandmothers here. She threw a pinecone on the fire and it flared. Theres something I have to do. Something I have to find. She didnt know what she was supposed to find or learn, but some force was pulling her back to the Valley. The day that she had stood on the bank of the Reflecting Pond, contemplating an end, Grandmother had spoken to her through the Wind God: Return to the Valley and find me. For what purpose had not been revealed yet, but the message had been clear and unquestionable.
If I stay for a while, maybe we can find it faster, then you can come with me, Marook persisted.
Kaelah gave him a forbearing look. Its something I must find for myself.
By the next afternoon, they had topped the Wolf Jaw Mountain peak and began the descent into the Valley. The location of the old village was still visible from high on the path. Wordlessly, they stopped and looked at what was left. A couple of huts remained, but most had been smashed and washed away. Tree limbs and rocks littered the village grounds. Even the old paths were partially buried and indistinguishable.
Marook led them to an area away from the old village. He found a flat spot near water, where they built a temporary lean-to and Marook searched in his sled until he had a pile of essentials to leave with Kaelah. He didnt like to abandon Kaelah a second time, but she was determined. He realized if he continued to voice his opinion, it would likely lead to an argument. Secretly, he decided he would have other merchants check on her.
They reached another good-bye. My family brothershe took his hands in hersdont worry. She indicated to her side. Grandmother is here. Go home to your family. Marook looked at Kaelah, a mantel of equanimity draped her, and he understood she wasnt alone.

_  _  _

Kaelah knew how to survive in the Valley; she knew the plants, the animals, and the usual weather patterns. She settled into the old familiar routine with ease. There were so many chores to keep her busy that she didnt have time to feel lonely. It took some many days, but between building a small hut, picking berries, and snaring rabbits, she found her grandmother: a lone pine, as tall as herself. She talked to it and knew it was her grandmothers spirit. She stood next to the conifer. Grandmother, Im here now, and Im listening. Kaelah waited, but Grandmother didnt talk to her, not yet.


Reluctantly, Kaelah admitted to herself that she must visit the site of the mudslide. Boulders, trees, and limbs stuck out of the upheaved, raw ground. Kaelah brought some Blessing Herbs and prayed for those who had passed. She decided to build spirit homes for the villagers. After finding a flat area near the mudslide, she started to build a miniature hut for each deceased person. It would take many days, but she wanted the spirits to be at peace.
Friendly crickets talked to her as she roasted rabbit in the little fire ring outside her hut. One day soon she might hike over the mountain and get some sour grass; it would make the rabbit tasty. She added more sticks to the fire. Suddenly, a man appeared at the ring. She jumped in surprise and put her hand to her heart. It was Ravenshe should have knownquiet as always. Relief made her laugh. The sign of a good hunter, she quoted and looked past him. He appeared to be alone. Hello Raven. Youre  a long way from Brumal. Are you wandering?
I thought I might become a traveling merchant. May I? He nodded to the ground, asking permission to sit.
Yes, of course. Im glad to see you. I havent had any other visitors yet.
Raven took off his travel sack and sat across from her. He noticed with secret satisfaction that Kaelah wore the tooth necklace outside her shift. Are you picking berries?
Yes.
Having a good season?
Yes. There are more than I can pick by myself. Now that the initial greeting was over, she felt a little awkward. She fussed with her cooking utensils. Hows Tomu?
He looked at her over the fire. He misses you.
I miss him, too. 
Kaelah took the rabbit off the spit and gingerly put some hot pieces in a bowl for Raven.
Thank you. He took the bowl. Did you find your grandmother?
Yes.
What will you do now? he asked, as he picked meat off the bone.
Ive been waiting for a sign. While I wait, Ive been making spirit homes for my people. Its taking longer than I expected.
He paused as if making a decision. I could stay a few of days, give you a hand.
Kaelah answered slowly, I could use the help. Ill trade your time for berries. They make good trade.


Raven looked at the devastation of the mudslide. He had seen many things in his life, even big tragedies, but never one where so many people had died at one time.
Off to one side, a miniature village of Valley hut replicas had been started.
Theres one for each villager, Kaelah explained. Im only half done.
Raven looked around. Its too quiet. No birds or flowers. The spirits are wandering.
Theyll settle once the spirit homes are finished.
Maybe this is why your grandmother told you to returnto build the spirit homes.
Kaelah nodded. Maybe.
They spent the next few days in easy companionship as they finished the spirit homes.
This is the last one, for Ralu. He didnt like fang snakes. She put a miniature Fang Stick in the hut.
They stood together, looking at the miniature village. Raven had even built a replica Tribal Lodge. A hard days work, he said.
Yes.
But we finished.
Yes, she echoed, with a melancholy emptiness.
Raven took her hand. Dont be sad. The spirits are happy now; they can rest in peace.
Kaelah sighed. Yes.
They turned toward Kaelahs hut; soon the sun would be hiding. Raven released her hand but walked very close, their arms occasionally brushing together. You will trade for my time helping? he asked.
Yes, she said, her voice weighted with sadness. He would be leaving soon.
What will you give me?
I thought you wanted dry berries.
I would rather have a kiss.
A kiss!
One.
Kaelah felt that odd rushing again, the shortness of breath, heart beating faster. But she was no longer the young, pretty girl she had once been. She thought of her mouth, and wondered if she could even kiss anymore.
Then suddenly, before she could finish contemplating, Raven quickly embraced her and took his kiss. Not the soft, gentle exploring of his first kiss at Frog Pond, but a deep, passionate, amorous expression of love.
Once he had her in his arms, it seemed like he wouldnt stop. Raven gripped her head and curled his fingers into her hair. His arms roamed down her back and held her so tight she thought they would meld into one.
Eventually, he pulled away. Are you really going to send me away? You know we belong together.
Butmy face
No. I love every part of you. And to prove it, he started his kisses all over again.
Later, Raven asked, Will you come back to Brumal with me?
Kaelah nodded. Yes. But let me say good-bye to Grandmother first.
Raven nodded. And lets collect some berries, too.
Late the next morning, they started out to gather berries and say farewell to Ooma. Holding hands, Kaelah led the way. They left the forest and stopped at the edge of a large sloping meadow. There she is. Kaelah pointed a few lengths ahead, where a young pine stood alone.
Raven nodded his approval. A good location; theres water and berry bushes nearby. Plenty of game in the forest. It would be an ideal place for a village. He pointed. Huts could be over there, the Tribal Lodge centered in the middle... His voice trailed off, and he turned around slowly. Kaelah, why dont we start another village? Right here?
Kaelah looked at him in surprise. He continued enthusiastically, Several of the Ice People would join us, so would Marook.
Yes, Kaelah murmured. We could pick berries again.
The merchants would come.
Ideas and plans emerged. For a long while they stood together envisioning a future village. There would be work ahead, but prosperity, too. The village would grow with their friends.
Eventually, the shadows lengthened and they turned to go.
Out of the corner of her eye Kaelah thought she saw her Grandmother waving. But when she looked it was just the pine tree, its boughs bobbing in the wind. Kaelah blew a silent kiss. Thank you, Grandmother.


Epilogue

A season later Raven and Kaelah stood next to her grandmothers pine tree again. 
Ravens vision of a new village had materialized. They looked down on the completed huts, and a Tribal Lodge in progress. Enough water for a small pond was held back by a dam. And a successful hunting and berry season promised good fortune ahead.
But it was the villagers that brought the most satisfaction to the young couple. As Raven had predicted, many of their friends from Brumal were more than happy to move to the warmer climate. In addition to Aleeze and Nalea, Kaelah was happy that Menga had joined them. And Marook, too, had come. Wanting to put his wandering and trading days behind him, he brought his growing family to the Valley. Mia is pleased that I will no longer wear out my slippers, he laughed, referring to the many pairs of leather shoes he wore out while traveling. 
Tomu ran up the slope and breathlessly announced to them that someone was coming. I think it might be a traveling merchant. Hes pulling a sled.
Kaelah looked up at Raven. Good, I want to make trade. I want some shells from the endless water.

###


Thanks for reading. I hope you enjoyed Kealah. Please check PangeaLegends.com for updates of future stories.  L

