



TALL TREE CHRONICLES

Rip-roaring Outdoor Escapades
Volume 1

   Short Stories and Extras by

 Mike Cyrus


Smashwords Edition 









Copyright  2013 Mike Cyrus



Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not
be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book
with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If
you're reading this book and did not purchase your own copy or it was not purchased 
for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own
copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author







This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, 
or places, events, or locales is purely coincidental.  The characters 
are productions of the author's imagination
 and have been used fictitiously.







This work is dedicated to people who live big and do big, honorable people everywhere, self-made, 
independent, and outside the mainstream, outside the spotlight, and always unheralded.
It is dedicated to the memory of my son, Chad, a light extinguished much too soon, 
and who is never far from my consciousness






PROLOGUE




There must be an easier way, I told myself. After over thirty years of climbing high snowy mountains and traipsing across sparse frozen plains in search of one species after another, the need for another option began to noticeably manifest itself. The mountains became higher, the distances grew farther, and the air turned thinner. Helping Wild Bill Black disperse his flatland clients onto elevated platforms in river and field edge Cottonwood trees on cold pre-dawn mornings planted the initial seed. The idea came to me like a thunderbolt. Why wouldnt that tree hunting system work in the Big Sky Mountains? This way I could choose where the action took place and make it much easier on myself, since I wasnt getting any younger. At least, thats how the reasoning went. All I had to do was climb up in a tall tree with a good view and hang out. Little did I realize the totally unanticipated consequences of swaying in a forest breeze untold hours alone with nothing to do but wait. I knew I might have to endure a measure of cold, but it never entered my mind that I might be bored, and even though I have logged 2812 hours sitting high in lodgepole pines, I didnt encounter one dull moment. Originally, I wanted to call this collection, Treestand Reflections, until I realized the contemplations were much more diverse and far-reaching. My musings ranged from jotting down snatches of captivating verse to laughing at the antics of friends and fellow sportsmen, from sorting out and mulling over everyday events to solving world problems and from inventing games to combat the pain of freezing to death to remembering and laughing at the borderline XXX hijinks of Wild Bill and Master Hardwick. Every pre-dawn morning, a new bone chilling adventure and a joyous heartwarming cerebral journey awaited me as I climbed high into the forest canopy for another thrilling outdoor session. Come along with me now. Lets sway in the tall pines, drink in the forest aroma, feel the tranquility of nature, contemplate the world around us, and chuckle together about the fun times. Lets peer out at the quiet pristine world, put the everyday cares of the dog eat dog struggle aside for a time and probe solitary depths in each of us while reveling in Rip-roaring Outdoor Escapades. Please allow me to set the tone and create the proper frame of mind, by introducing an old boy named Gus, who I became acquainted with once working along the trail.




GUS

The best tale I ever told, was this one that Ill unfold,
Of a fellow who worked with us, for this story Ill call him Gus.

Old Gus and us were out at work one day, when to the boss, I heard Gus say, 
Ill be right back, wont be long at all, cause I cant deny ole natures call.

Now old Gus was nearly deaf, and we knew that when he left,
So the idea came to mind, why dont we slip around behind.

We found the bush where Gus sought relief and then we placed a spade underneath.
Ole Gus, who was squatted there had no notion we were near.

We waited a bit for him to quit, and before he stood or knew of it,
We quickly pulled the spade away, then hid close by like cats at play.

Now up, ole Gus turned around, but there was nothing on the ground.
A puzzled look came on his face, cause thats something you dont misplace.

He leaned over and shook his cuff, he thought hed better find that stuff,
Raised his feet and looked below, in his socks, then high and low.

But there was nothing to be found, nary a sign on the ground.
Ole Gus just sighed and shook his head, and started back his face all red.

We laughed so hard as we lay nearby; some of us even began to cry,
But careful, so Gus never knew, then quickly back to work we flew.

As he wandered back by, Gus looked us each in the eye,
No one even cracked a grin. I said, Hi Gus, where ya been?




CONTENTS



OLD URBAN CAMPS


COLD, COTS, AND ALDERSHOT


WARM GAS FOR CHRISTMAS


TOUCHED BY THE COLD


SLUICER


ITS IN THE CELLS





OLD URBAN CAMPS



We don't have any more fun or get any more game nowadays, but our hunting camps sure have undergone a huge transformation. Many would say improved, since they are certainly more comfortable. Years ago, when I was fresh out of high school, I began fulfilling my dreams and made my way to the Big Sky Country. I told everyone that I was going off to college, which I actually did. However, the real reason lies somewhere between the spell cast upon a young boy by those fascinating outdoor, hunting, and fishing stories, which I'd been reading during those formative years instead of doing my homework, and the need for higher education. 
I went west with visions of endless elk, deer, and bear running through the forest, spouting hunting philosophies and tactics straight out of Outdoor Life and Sports Afield. I knew all about the different game animals and their habits, where to find them, how to hunt them, where to shoot them, how to dress them, and even some about how to cook and/or cure the meat. Comparisons of various rifles and calibers and bullets rolled off my tongue like lies from a politician. I felt like I was on a first name basis with those Gods of hunting and fishing and shooting, who wrote all those wonderful, captivating stories. Anyone who read such stories as a youngster can remember the inspirations, dreams, and fantasies with which they were filled. 
More than one type of education awaited me in The Big Sky Country. I was about to receive a large dose of reality. My first hunting season was well underway when I teamed up with Willie Urban again, and my bubble began to burst. What a grand young fellow Willie was. We had gotten to know each other that spring when we played freshman baseball at the University. Willie was exactly the Big Sky Country friend I needed, although I didn't know it at the time. 
He had been a four-sport athlete in high school and was as fit, active, and enthusiastic about everything as was I. But there was one big difference. He had actually done all the things I had only read about or imagined. Having grown up locally, he knew the country and, what's more, he knew lots of girls, which was another crucial part of the education. He also ate, drank, and slept the outdoors. And best and most important of all, he had many secret hunting spots. I'll never forget his words one day at ball practice. You won't have any problem. You'll bag your elk. Easy, well just go out and find one after it gets cold and snows in the high country. We can head down to my folk's house and start the hunting season from there. That's where I keep all of my equipment anyway. 
Waiting through summer and early fall was pure agony, but true to his word, when the season rolled around, Willie invited me to go hunting. Therefore, my first hunting camp, if you want to call it that, was Willie's family's home in the heart of hunting country. And my first camp cook was Willie's mom. I had the feeling that she'd done this camp cook thing many times before, since Willie's father and older brothers were hunters also. She knew just how the job was done too, from her good-natured wake up call, Up and at 'em mighty hunters! to the bacon, eggs, and hotcakes steaming and waiting on the table for us, as we stumbled, bleary-eyed, toward the aroma. 
Gosh, Outdoor Life didn't tell me how early four in the morning is, I remember grumbling. 
Seems like we just left Gracie and Vicky Lee, Willie muttered. 
If you guys are old enough to stay out half the night chasing girls, you're old enough to get up and get out early, Willie's mom scolded. C'mon, eat up. It'll be daylight in two hours and you have a long way to go. 
We ate like hungry bears. I remember how good it all tasted. I had grown up on home cooking like that and hadn't quite gotten accustomed to the version put out by the University food service. Stuffed like thanksgiving turkeys, we hurried into the big living room where huge deer and elk horns hung on all four walls. I drooled over the great gun cabinet stuffed with rifles, shotguns, and pistols. I hadn't seen so many guns in one home in my entire life. Urban took out a rifle and a handful of cartridges, while I uncased the precious Winchester, which my dad had sent west with me. We shouldered our rifles and, with the gigantic sack lunch, which Willie's mom had packed, we stumbled out the door, looking for the pickup among the small fleet Willies father maintained for his logging business. I sure was glad Willie was driving. Waking up so early and eating a huge breakfast after only two hours sleep and then heading outside into such crisp, cold air was practically more than my young body could handle. I began dreaming about the breakfast and hearing Willie's mom calling us to get up again and again. Scraping the ice off the windshield didn't even wake me completely. Not even the second windshield, since Willie had gotten the keys to the wrong vehicle. It did occur to me then that maybe Willie was too sleepy to drive also, but I groggily dismissed it with a Ah, he's done this before, and off we drove, two headlights probing the frozen morning darkness. 
Boy! I'm glad he's driving, I remember thinking from time to time, between long periods of nodding off. Once in a while, I'd bob awake, when my head hit the dash or bounced off the window, and mutter, How ya doin'? and nod off again without hearing his answer. Miles and miles of old logging roads bumped and ground beneath my feet, and my body swayed roughly back and forth and side to side with the countless twists and turns. I had no idea where we were, where we were going, or even when it became daylight. I completely trusted my new and experienced friend, Willie Urban. After all, he'd done this kind of thing many times before, I thought, and I certainly didn't want to appear amateurish on our first outing by asking some foolish question like, Uh, where we goin? Besides, I couldn't even hold my head up, or my eyes open, much less ask questions. 
For what seemed like hours, I had been floating and swaying along in some sort of hypnotic pre-dawn hunting daze, serenaded by the constant rhythm of the engine and the ice and gravel spewing out from under the tires. All of a sudden, Urban yelled, Elk! as he hit the brakes and slid toward the edge of the old logging trail. 
Somehow, without thinking, I managed to hit the door handle, and the momentum poured me out of the pickup in a contorted rolling semi-somersault, which plastered me onto the uphill embankment, miraculously lying with my rifle pointed in the right direction. I took this opportunity to open my eyes and, to my amazement, slowly trotting towards the trees was a young spike bull, the first elk I had ever seen in the wilds. Just as Urban and the pickup finally come to a full stop, I found him in the scope crosshairs and fired. The split second after the shot, I was wide-awake, and in utter amazement, watched as my first bull elk went down. 
Great shot, Urban exclaimed, with more than a little incredulity in his voice.
And that was that, the eastern greenhorn had passed his first test and Willie Urban and I would hunt together and be friends for years to come. 
It turned out that Willie and I were just a wee bit lucky that first time, so, the next hunting season, after many repetitions of that first successful tactic had failed to produce, Willie announced that we'd have to go in after them. (Note: Cruising through the backcountry on old logging trails was a common practice when I first went to the Big Sky Country. Nowadays, both hunting from any road and shooting from a roadway are largely prohibited)
We'll go in about ten miles by foot, traveling light and fast, and track them down, Willie explained. 
The following Friday evening, I arrived at the Urban home loaded up, outfitted, and prepared for a week's hunting trip. Willie immediately began going through my gear.
You'll only need five extra cartridges plus the ones in your rifle, one canteen cup for cooking and drinking between us, and only dried food, no canned stuff or other heavy things, Willie said, as he went about lightening my load. 
What about this tent? I asked, holding up my nylon backpack model.  
Too big, heavy, and hard to put together, he replied, tossing much of my gear aside. I have a piece of plastic, and that's all we need. We've gotta travel light. 
What about soap and a change of clothes? I pleaded.   
Too heavy, we gotta travel light, Urban responded to my every what about, so I gave up. After all, he's gone in after them many times, I told myself.
Pack this dried food with your sleeping bag and an extra pair of socks in your packsack while I go look for a rifle, Willie continued. 
Look for a rifle? I questioned. Don't you have one of your own?
Why? My dad has lots of em, and maybe my brother or someone left one here that I like. Rifles are always lying around, which I can borrow for a while. The cabinet's full of them, he retorted as he hurried out.  
What about matches? I yelled after him. 
Got 'em, he said as he returned to the room carrying a fine Remington Model 700 bolt-action rifle with a Weaver 4X scope mounted on top. 
Have you ever hunted with that gun? I asked.
I dunno, maybe, he answered, grabbing his pack and heading out the door. Let's go.
Well, Willie knew what he was doing, and I was just learning and following his lead, so without hesitating, off I went in close pursuit. That was the last time I ever followed Willie Urban. After four nights huddling under a tiny piece of plastic in freezing rain and snow, and going three times without toilet paper, just to mention a few things, I decided Willie's days as the chief planner were finished. Why, he'd even gotten the wrong cartridges for his borrowed rifle. Luckily, the gun's magazine was full. But right there, the legend was born. Since Willie Urban has hunted every year I have known him with someone else's rifle and hardly ever owned a rifle of his own, we called him the Borrowed Rifleman. He has become known far and wide as the Borrowed Rifleman. He is living proof that you don't have to own a gun to be a mighty hunter. And to give him his due, though his camps leave much to be desired, he is an excellent hunter and outdoorsman, who never returns empty-handed. Anyone who has hunted with him, or who he's guided, will attest to his skill, generosity, and general amiability. He carries friends and clients on his back across cold mountain streams, he brings horses to impossible, treacherous places in the dead of night to pack out game, he always goes back for items that he or someone has forgotten, mostly he, and he always drives, to name a few. 
Once, a big tree fell on Willie while he was helping set up a hunting camp deep in the wilderness several weeks before the season. The tree broke his leg and hip in several places. Four men were required to carry him down to the hospital on a stretcher. However, he returned two weeks later sporting a full body cast with only one arm and one leg protruding. A very gentle old horse had carried him ten miles back to the camp, so he wouldn't miss the opening of elk season. Riding bareback on thick saddle pads in a reclining position with the leg cast strapped up alongside the horse's neck, he managed the entire journey by himself. No one could believe it when he came riding into camp alone that evening. The same four guys who carried him out two weeks before were needed again just to get him down off of Ole Nell. The next morning, the season opened, and he hobbled out of camp on his crutches before daylight with the cook's rifle slung over his shoulder. Struggling down the trail two hundred yards, he crawled on a big, rotten log across the creek, pulled himself up a jumbled rockslide about fifty yards where he could sit on a large rock and cover the surrounding area. A short time later two bull elk came running by his rock and he bagged one for himself and one for the camp cook. As far as I know, the Borrowed Rifleman holds the world record for the most elk taken while sporting a full body cast. But maybe his crowning achievement, as far as I'm concerned anyway, came when he introduced me to Wild Bill Black the outfitter. Willie had worked occasionally for Wild Bill helping guide dudes, and later he persuaded me to lend a helping hand from time to time. That's where I learned the ins and outs, and many tricks, of the guiding and outfitting business because Wild Bill was well versed in every aspect, especially the finer points, and sported a personality and a line of bull, which no one ever forgot. All of Wild Bill's clients went home happy and anxious to return, even if they hadn't left the lodge or seen any game. Wild Bill knew how to keep them well entertained, but these antics can only be featured in a story of their own. Some of Wild Bill's greatest, most renowned, and most often told achievements came years later when he teamed up with Master Hardwick. As different as day and night, they made quite a pair. But here, let's get on with this story of camping with Willie the Borrowed Rifleman. (Note: Wild Bill and Hardwick assume their rightful place in Tall Tree Chronicles, Volume 2)
Sometime during college, Willie started smoking. No one cared too much then, and there wasn't much said or written about cigarette smoking, or how bad it was for you, but I'd give Willie a hard time anyway, especially when his habit had increased to three packs a day. 
That's another nail in your coffin, or Someday I'll pull away from you like a sports car from a Mack truck, I'd chide, as we hiked up some trail. 
It takes a good man to smoke like this and keep ahead of you, he'd reply jokingly. And he was right too . . . back then. It didn't seem to slow him down, and it was always a race wherever we went or whatever we did. 
Thus, it continued over the years, Urban knew the places to go and I did the camp planning and took care of the other details. I had learned my lesson after that first camping experience, when we went in after them. Like the next year, we went in after them again, but this time I had a piece of plastic for each of us, boot grease for waterproofing, a hatchet, salt, and plenty of toilet paper. 
Those first camps were crude all right, and invariably Willie would forget something. But he always suffered in silence, and we made do. We slept rolled up in a sheet of plastic, broke sticks for a fire, cooked everything in an old army canteen cup, and ate with our fingers. We never bathed, never changed clothes, never took off our boots, never got tired, and always had fun, and yes, we always got our game. That was the advantage of going in, you know. However, I never ever brushed my teeth with a stick, but Urban did, many times, when he forgot his toothbrush. 
Over time, the camps changed in a slow steady kind of progression. We slept on spruce boughs at first, then saddle pads, then air mattresses, then foam pads, then thick foam on army cots. We slept under the stars, under lean-tos of pine boughs or plastic, in tents, in cabins, and finally now, in campers and RV's. 
The tents went from black plastic stretched over a pole, to small nylon pup tents, to dome backpacker models, to large wall tents, to, finally, Aldershot's huge octagonal Army field tent. Aldershot brought heat to the tents about the same year he bought his South Face mini sport cot. Each camp became an improvement over the previous one, and Willie Urban started me off right in the hunting camp business, sheltered under a square of visqueen ten miles back in the wilderness, and since that time, I've shared hundreds of camps and adventures with the Borrowed Rifleman, and with many other friends. 
Many things have changed over the years, and outdoorsmen enjoy a much greater degree of comfort and convenience. No more sleeping on the cold hard ground, eating macaroni from an ash-filled canteen cup in the dark. No more staying up all night drying out wet clothes or boots by the fire. Sportsmen always welcome and appreciate each change and improvement. 
The country has changed too, but in a slow, steady kind of decline. From roadless forest, unpeopled and still, to roaded, clearcut, orange-peopled, and echoing with the sounds of chainsaws, pickups, logging trucks, and now, four wheelers and snow machines. While, in many areas the game still seems to be holding its own in some sort of diminished state, it too has progressed in some interesting ways. Those aren't foolish elk, or deer, or coyotes, running the hills these days. They're much, much, smarter, and they have adapted and learned to survive in the modern world. They're a worthy quest for any outdoorsman, even armed with the newest firearms, philosophies, and gadgets advertised in the outdoors catalogs. In truth, the encroachment of civilization and loss of habitat are a much greater threat to these wild animals than the sportsman could ever be. With the monies generated by the taxes on the sale of sporting equipment, coupled with the great number of wildlife organizations designed around preserving hunting and fishing species, sportsmen are the leaders championing the preservation and improvement of all wildlife and fish species and their habitat. Incidentally, much needed revenue spins off for non-game species also, and the dollars derived from the sale of licenses and permits for hunters and fishermen help support the various state agencies that manage wildlife. Such organizations as Ducks Unlimited, Pheasants Forever, National Elk Foundation, The Peregrine Fund, and Grouse Management, to name a few, have made a huge impact on preserving and protecting all wildlife. The root of many diminishing wildlife populations can be largely attributed to the encroachment of civilization, loss of habitat and wild areas, and the political climate, created by a large population in the cities and suburbs, whose priorities are more influenced by emotion, money, and hidden agendas, than facts. Most are totally misinformed, and haven't a clue about the wildlife itself, or their habitat, or the activities of men who still go into the forests and fields each year in pursuit of wild game. Too often, the outdoor sportsmen are more in danger than the animals they hunt. And with the ever-increasing pressure and new rules and restrictions, just finding a good camping spot in the forest is difficult. 
Hunting camps will never be like the ones that Willie Urban and I once enjoyed, but I still manage to find some sort of retreat each fall, and even get an elk now and then, but never again will it be as simple as falling out of a pickup truck and firing. I haven't hunted with Willie Urban for several years now, ever since our last hunt together in the Big Flat Mountains, and the problems he had with leg cramps and breathing while dragging out an elk. He hunts in the lowlands these days and doesn't climb the mountains anymore. Smoking, you know. However, we remain the best of friends. I know he's going to be out there somewhere again this season because he called the other day . . . wanted to borrow a hunting rifle.




### END ###


A FOND MEMORY

When I returned I was very sad
I dreamed of the great life I once had 
I longed for the days of my youth
I learned an age old truth.

I know it happens to everyone
Live only the present, the past is done
Who goes back to former enjoyment
will only find sad disappointment.

Don't go back to the places you've been
Don't try to live those good times again
What once was, will never more be
Let it remain a fond memory.



COLD, COTS, AND ALDERSHOT



  That's the way it goes in hunting camp, joking, teasing, and having fun, constant ribbing, endless good natured bickering, dirty practical jokes, etc., great, fantastic camaraderie. Once you had something on someone you never let up. Many things went on for years. We would be three this year, Aldershot, Basketti and I, somewhere in the mountains of the Big Sky country. We had met and whooped it up at Lily's saloon in the little town of Stonewall the night before, and once again, slept in our pickups on the edge of town. That is, Basketti and I, Aldershot always disappeared with Lily's daughter around closing time. 
The next morning, Basketti and I, somewhat bleary-eyed and worse for wear, had driven on up to hunting camp munching on goodies from the traditional breakfast pit stop at the tiny country store. The cold, cramped car seats had a way of making early risers out of us, so we arrived at the secret camping spot well before noon. Aldershot would arrive later, if he dared to brave the ribbing that was in store for him. For now, it was damn cold and windy, and making camp turned into an endurance test. Warm up by the fire and back to work, warm up by the fire and back to work. 
Where the hell is Aldershot? we grumbled. Tent pegs, forget it, no way could anyone drive normal tent pegs into the frozen ground. But I had come prepared this time. With a large sledgehammer and a heavy steel stake sharpened to a fine point, I smashed holes into the frozen ground and Basketti followed with the pegs and a splash of water. The trick would be removing them. Sometime later, Aldershot bounced to a stop in front of camp. 
Where ya been? Some friend, abandoning your buddies in the wee hours, show up late, make us do all the work, can't come in our tent smelling like perfume. The usual rhetoric greeted him. He only smiled, or maybe I should say, smirked, and that irritated us more than if he had said something. 
The SOB did, Basketti said. 
Did you? I questioned, almost pleaded. 
Well . . . I'm not saying anything, Aldershot replied. Where's the kitchen gonna be located? 
I hope you brought some food this time. Last year, I starved to death when you cooked, Basketti quipped. 
And so it went, as camp gradually took shape in a rustic semblance of outdoor comfort. We were using Aldershot's large round army tent, good for up to a dozen soldiers, and plenty room for our group, especially if everyone slept on cots with their gear organized and stored underneath their bed. I'd broken the end piece to my cot the season before and had sold it to Basketti for $10. He said it didn't matter to him if one end sagged slightly. Basketti was like that, nothing seemed to bother him, and besides, he always bought all of our old, broken, worn out, or out of date, hunting equipment. We knew that if we wanted to upgrade or change something, we could always depend on getting a few bucks from Basketti for the old stuff. Not only from us, but he bought things from everyone he knew and also from perfect strangers. Practically everything he owned came from someone else. His second hand purchases made him a legend in his own time and the list of his pre-owned goods was both endless and interesting: property, house, vehicles, boats, motors, guns, knives, cots, tents, clothes and items large and small. Of course, the ultimate example occurred years later when he took up with the hand-me-down girlfriend of one of his town friends. His secondhand adventures could be a story unto themselves, but only he knows the details.
Basketti set up his saggy cot and I set up my brand new one, another $19.95 K-mart special, and Aldershot began to arrange his sleeping area. Both Basketti and I placed a five-inch thick pad of foam rubber on our cots, which gave us a great degree of both comfort and warmth. For Basketti this would be a three-bag night . . . no, not a three-dog night, a three-bag night. Basketti spent his summer months working for the U.S. Forest Service combating wildfires, and therefore had access to surplus or discarded equipment sometimes. The Forest Service used disposable mummy sleeping bags, stuffed with chicken feathers, in the summer for firefighters, and somehow the used goods man had managed to score a number of these much sought after goodies. I don't know how he managed to do it, but he could stuff several of these bags inside of each other and still crawl inside to sleep, though considerably constricted. Identical to a real mummy, I often thought. But, Basketti denied any discomfort and, like I said, he didn't sweat the small stuff. Somehow, he always slept warm and comfortable. In any event, with the temperature hovering around zero early in the evening, this night had all the makings of at least a three-bagger. 
I, on the other hand, pulled out my sleeping bag stuffed with five pounds of northern goose down, which I'd saved diligently for and purchased several years back. I spread it out on my foam pad to allow the down to loft and expand. Basketti and I then proceeded to lie down, relax, and watch Aldershot. We were sure this year he would have a cot also, since we had harangued him endlessly the year before about his clothes and stuff being scattered around the tent, while our gear was conveniently organized under our cots out of everyone's way. Also, using only the most rudimentary logic skills, we surmised that Aldershot must have gotten tired of sitting on the ground and looking up at us sitting comfortably on our cots. He had to still be stinging from all those times when one of us yelled, Get off my cot, or Get your own damn cot, or words much more harsh. But Aldershot seemed to march to his own drummer, so we didn't know what to expect this season. 
He'd better have a cot this year, we both declared at the same time, as Aldershot carried in the last of his equipment and deposited it in a big pile on the floor. When he looked in our direction, we noted the smirk again while he pretended to ignore us. 
Did he or didn't he? Basketti continued. 
Seems like we've asked that question before sometime, doesn't it, Deano? I laughed, as Aldershot began to unlock that large, green, army duffel bag, which he used to transport his merchandise. He reminded us of a walking sporting goods store and we always enjoyed discovering what he brought to camp each year. We could count on seeing the latest, the finest, the fanciest, the shiniest, and often the most useless. But not always, hadn't that lighted compass saved our butts last year, when we had gotten turned around after following elk tracks in the snow all day. Dark had fallen on us, and we had no idea where we were. But Aldershot always carried extra gadgets in his pack, and this time it was the compass with the light inside, which saved us from spending a long cold night out in the forest. That's why we, almost affectionately, but not quite, called him our paraphernalia man, and this evening we sat like small school kids waiting to see what surprises would pop out of the big green bag. 
Well . . . I've graduated from disposable mummy bags, Aldershot said, glancing over at Basketti and smiling as he whipped out a bright blue sleeping bag. 
He's got a new sleeping bag! Basketti shouted, in mock approval. 
Not just any sleeping bag, retorted Aldershot, its a genuine South Face, exactly like the ones they use to climb Mt. Everest. This expedition model contains two and a half pounds of prime northern goose down. 
I'll bet they didn't give that away, I said. 
Well . . . I had a good year firefighting and you remember that I was a wee bit cold last year.  
A wee bit, hell! I exclaimed. You nearly froze to death, and even after we gave you every extra piece of clothing we had, you still damn near caught pneumonia. Remember, you should've taken our advice and stopped by K-mart and gotten yourself a thick piece of foam rubber and also a cot, instead of depending on that flimsy backpacker pad   
What else ya got? Ya got a cot? Basketti interrupted. 
Well . . . I did get rid of that thin backpacker model and bought this, Aldershot bantered back, as he jerked a long, round, nylon bag out into the cold air. 
What's that? Basketti asked. 
Well . . . Wait and see, Aldershot teased as he pulled a red roll out of the bag and unsnapped four straps. Presto, its a self-inflating foam sleeping pad, and its the latest thing. It expands automatically up to two inches. You can set the pressure for comfort control, and its made by South Face too, Aldershot stated proudly, looking like a schoolboy who'd just pulled one over on the teacher. 
He doesn't have a cot, Basketti taunted. 
I don't thing he does, I agreed. 
Well . . . No, I couldn't afford the one I wanted. Its a South Face too. But . . . I'll get it next year. I'll be plenty warm tonight. The salesman told me that two and a half pounds of down will loft up to five inches and on two inches of foam I should be warm even at 20 below zero. 
Not on frozen ground, Aldershot, I corrected, and besides, that self-inflating foam isnt much different than an air mattress, which is no insulation at all.
You had better keep your stuff out of our way then, or we're gonna throw everything outside in the snow. What else did ya bring? Basketti shot back, noticeably irritated at the thought of Aldershot's belongings strewn about again this year. 
Well   
There goes that well again, I interrupted Aldershot this time. 
Here's an indoor-outdoor thermometer, so we know the temperature outside without leaving the tent. How about a collapsible drinking cup for you guys? He handed each of us a small yellow disc. This is a cable saw. It looks like a wire, but you can put it between your fingers and saw wood, and it's so small you can easily carry it with you for emergencies, or whatever. Here's a waterproof aluminum flashlight with a lifetime guarantee. Theyre the newest things, and it's super bright with an adjustable beam. The camping experts claim eighty per cent of your body heat escapes through your head, so I found this nifty little skullcap to wear when Im sleeping. It's made out of the same material as those long johns I brought last year. I bought anti-gas tablets for Shifty. Maybe they'll give us some relief, if he shows up this time. That's about all. 
We'd get some relief right now if you had a cot, Deano quipped. 
And you're gonna get damn cold down on that frozen ground. I don't care how many inflatable inches you and South Face have, I predicted out loud. 
Maybe I'll just sleep outside to show you guys, Aldershot bantered.
 I think sometimes he enjoyed the game also, especially when he thought he had one up on us. 
Oh yeah, here's another thing. Someone just invented this neat little bi-pod that fits on the forward sling swivel of your rifle. 
Let me see that, I said hurriedly, beating Basketti to the punch. I saw them advertised in different outdoor magazines. Looked like a helluva good idea, I continued, while carefully examining the extendable, spring loaded legs. This would help me with those far away coyotes. 
Is that all you have in your bag, Santa? Basketti joked, hoping for more. 
Yep, that's all for this Christmas, little boys, Aldershot said. I'm hungry, whose turn is it to cook supper? 
Mine, I said. We're having venison steak, fried spuds, and ice water. I'll get started, but I need someone to chop wood and start the fire in the cook stove. You can bet on it being damn cold tonight.
 Aldershot headed out to get firewood. After he was outside Basketti looked at me. Can you believe he didn't buy himself a cot after all of his problems last year? 
It's alright, Deano, no big deal. It's his problem, not ours, I tried to placate him. 
I bet he freezes his ass off tonight, Deano shot back as he went out to help Aldershot.
Wow! That was great deer steak, Basketti announced outside later, as he leaned back on his stump almost falling into the fire. I never ate venison so tender and tasty. You could cook it medium-rare, like beef.
Well, you ate enough, you big pig. You ate my third piece, Aldershot showed his approval also.
Hey Basketti, you should recognize that venison, since you had a hand in killing it last year, I began the after dinner banter and story telling session, turning my back toward the fire.
I already ate all of my venison from last year. What are you talking about? Basketti shot back, hoping to escape. 
Oh, don't you remember, just after we crawled under the fence into the big alfalfa field last deer season. We heard shooting behind us and turned around to see a nice trophy buck come running and jump the same fence not a hundred yards away. Remember, he ran out 200 yards and stopped to stare at us as we stood quietly beside the fence posts. I began to zero in.
Oh no! Basketti groaned.
Oooh yes. Aldershot you should have been with us. There was Basketti with a huge trophy buck standing broadside, just 200 yards away. Basketti hit the ground fast like a real hunter, propped his rifle on his elbows, and drew a bead on a beautiful, symmetrical, ten pointer.
What did he do? Did he miss? Aldershot asked. 
Not this time. Nooo . . . not this time. I drew it out because Aldershot knew, as well as I, that Basketti always missed. 
What do you mean? He actually hit something. Weren't you afraid of throwing up, Basketti? Aldershot was referring to Basketti's habit of vomiting every time he saw blood. 
Yep, this time his rifle went boom and down went a great trophy like he had been hit with a ton of bricks.
Oh no! Basketti groaned louder, for he knew now he was about to enter the cherished territory of all time great fireside tales.
Yep, down like a sack of spuds, but up again like a spring had catapulted him, and off he ran, but now he was a five pointer. Basketti frantically emptied his rifle in the general direction while the confused deer ran around shaking his head. Finally, he stopped, and yours truly had to anchor what was once a beautiful trophy, since Basketti had only managed to remove one of his horns. 
Even Basketti was laughing at the reenactment, though a little chagrined. You mean that was the venison we ate tonight, that big buck? he asked in disbelief.
Yeah, don't you remember? When we opened him up, we couldnt believe he was so fat. He had an inch of back fat, probably from living in the lowlands and eating grain and alfalfa all his life. We've never seen a deer in such good condition, especially a mature buck.
He doesn't remember any of that. He was puking somewhere, Aldershot razzed. 
Why don't you ever tell us what you do with Lily's daughter, smart ass? Basketti wanted to change the direction of the conversation. 
I'll tell you this much, Aldershot teased. She's not a very good poker player.
Oh, you dirty dog, Basketti said.
Well, we can't play poker here, I said. My hands are frozen, and no matter how close I sit to the fire, the other side is freezing. Its gonna be a cold one tonight.
Yeah, this is like torture, freezing one side and frying the other, Aldershot agreed. Somewhere in all your notes you must have one more story, and then I'm gonna hit the hay. I mean, curl up in prime northern goose down, ha, ha.
Aldershot was referring to my habit of writing reminders concerning our interesting adventures, anecdotes, and stories.
You guys haven't heard the one my friend in Southeast Alaska sent last month. We call him KG, and every year KG and a friend cross a channel of open water to hunt deer on a huge forested island near their home. The crossing is always a nail biter because in late August, early September, the storms move in and the passages between the islands can become extremely dangerous. This year they waited out the first storm, then took a chance and just barely made it in a fast 25-foot open boat. KG said the waves were scarier than a big brown bear in camp. On top of that, the water is so cold at that time of year, a human being wouldn't last twenty seconds if the boat swamped, so everyone wears survival suits.
After the harrowing trip, they were standing on the shore near the end of the island looking out across the bigger, rougher water outside, when they spied four kayaks bobbing in the waves. Amazed that anyone would even be out in such weather and water, KG, who is a veteran of many years hunting and fishing in that area, was even more astonished that they were actually right side up and coming toward them. Whats more, there were four other kayaks close behind. 
While his friend carried the gear up to the little makeshift cabin that they had built over the years for comfort and protection against the bears, which the island was also famous for, KG continued to stare at the red, blue and yellow kayaks approaching. His jaw nearly hit the ground when he realized the kayakers were all women. KG is hilarious when you hear him tell the story. When they gathered around him to find out where they were, etc, he described them as a bunch of earth mama types, down to hairy legs and armpits. Which, of course, he never saw, but you get the picture hes conveying. The women motioned to the little stream tumbling into the bay nearby and asked about camping upstream inside the forest a few meters. KG dutifully pointed out that the island was well known for ferocious brown bears. This fact didn't disturb the earth mamas one bit, and several even said they liked bears and talked to them. KG took a few seconds to digest that one, then he pointed out there were salmon still running in the little stream all the way up to the beaver dams. Oblivious to the danger of bears being attracted to salmon, which KG tried to point out, the women were immensely pleased, and said they were sure the beaver would be glad to see the salmon because they would be preparing for a long hungry winter. 
KG said, Let me get this straight. You think beaver eat salmon. Is that right? 
KG says they suspected their foolishness, because they gulped and stammered a few times and explained by saying, At least the beaver will welcome the company. 
KG laughs and laughs. He says they didn't know enough about the outdoors to even be scared, and that's why they were out in their kayaks in the first place.
That's a great one, beaver eating salmon. I'll be laughing all night. You can write that one down too. We'll call it KG and the Kayakers. Put it in the annals with 'Five Point Basketti, Aldershot quipped.
That's enough for me. I'm tired of toasting and freezing. Basketti got up from his stump and stumbled into the tent. 
It'll take him 15 minutes to squish down into those mummy bags, Aldershot said, and laughed as we went inside, also. 
Once Basketti finished struggling to insert himself, stillness reined inside of the tent. 
 Basketti burst out laughing. Talk to the bears, huh. Better yet, beaver eat salmon. 
Later that night from deep inside the sleeping bags, someone muttered, We gotta get a heater for this tent. 
Getting up in the morning wont be any fun, either, I added.
 Another hour went by, before I heard stirring. 
Gosh, I hate to get up and pee, groaned Basketti. I don't ever remember it being this cold. Hey Aldershot, check your handy dandy little thermometer. 
Huh? Okay. A light flickered. Its now 12 degrees below zero. 
Wow! I said, and burrowed deeper into the fluffy down, thankful I didn't have to pee. 
I might need another mummy bag, shivered Basketti, as he returned. Its gonna be much colder before daylight. 
Loud sounds of a struggle shook the tent for what seemed like an eternity as Basketti inserted himself and his three bags into a fourth one. Finally, the noise died down and peace and tranquility ruled the air for another hour until a shivering voice came from Aldershot's direction. 
Hey, you guys, got any jackets, or blankets, or clothes to put down on the ground under me? I'm freezing from the cold coming off of the frozen ground, and my pad is frozen to the dirt. 
 Now it came from Basketti, I told you so. Hey, Aldershot, it's a helluva lot warmer up here, just two feet above the ground. You know . . . the coldest air is always on the floor. Remember to bring five inches of foam next time, and put it on a damned cot. 
South Face . . . horse manure, I muttered, burrowing deeper into my warm cocoon, leaving Aldershot to suffer.




### END ###

MEN WHO WROTE

Its a pointed argument, though one can clearly see,
human tenor evident, thoughts for the memory,

in the mind of every being, and shining through the dark,
the aspirings of those unseeing, to trim a mighty mark.

Though only these facts alone, are not what I take time to note,
but that deeds and time are known, due through ages, to men who wrote.


 
    WARM GAS FOR CHRISTMAS



Not many people get a chance to have two Christmases in one year, but our group had two every year, or so it seemed. Our first would be in hunting camp in the Big Sky Mountains the first evening while the dinner was digesting, when Aldershot unlocked his big green goodie bag. 
Hunting season was set to open as usual on Sunday morning and this story begins on Friday evening when, as usual, we had come roaring and partying south for our annual sojourn in the outdoors. This time we were four, coming from three different directions, arriving in three different vehicles at Lily's saloon, where we would prime ourselves for the final leg of the journey next day to hunting camp deep in the forest, far away from civilization. Also as usual, Aldershot was chasing Lily's daughter around the saloon. I mean, this time, actually chasing. He had a tremendous amount of explaining to do, and this was going to be a tough sell, even for a guy with Aldershot's talent. She wanted to know where he'd been all year, why he hadn't called like he promised, and all sorts of ridiculous things. She yelled and threw things and proceeded to hang onto a local cowboy . . . a big, tall, mean looking cowboy, with a mustache like Genghis Khan. I feared we would all be in a jackpot before the evening even began. But Aldershot was smooth, and before long, she quit yelling, and then she stopped throwing things, and soon after the cowboy began sitting alone. Meanwhile, Basketti and Shifty Basin were bellied up to the bar rapidly bending elbows. All the signs were in place for another one of those long, sleep in your pickup on the edge of town, nights. 
Lily's saloon was a colorful place, and attracted quite a mixture of locals: mechanics, cowboys, farmers, and ranchers, plus, at this time of year, a gathering influx of strangers intent on hitting the hills Sunday morning. Lily's reminded you of an old time western saloon. Once inside the swinging doors, a long L-shaped bar and barstools, complete with a jukebox, two pool tables, and a large pot bellied woodstove off to one side, greeted the customers. This is where most of the action took place. A small snack counter was situated off to one side in the rear, where Lily cooked hamburgers and French fries in the daytime, and monitored the occasional bar customer. After dark, Lilys was the only bright light and the biggest attraction for 40 miles in any direction. And not the least of its attractions were Lily's two single daughters who virtually ran the place after Mama, to everyone's great delight, went off tired and quite early to bed each evening. The two daughters had an enthusiastic following in tiny one-horse Stonewall, population 60, one being a real beauty and the other, well, Basketti hadn't minded. It seemed no one else did either. In a little town like Stonewall, two single young ladies could keep all of the men for miles around interested and the establishment lively night after night. Lily knew it too, and after a long, tough shift each day, preferred to ignore and sleep through the festivities. 
Tonight wasn't much different except for hunting season coming and several strangers in town spending money. I began playing pool with a couple of cowboys. We talked cattle, fishing and hunting, and cattle. Shifty and Basketti played pool and swapped jokes with a group of ranch hands who alternated buying drinks. Several other groups of hunters, talking, joking, and drinking, were scattered around the room and along the bar, dressed in every type of hunting attire imaginable, from down jackets and wool pants to orange camouflage suits. Aldershot continued working on Lily's daughter. Several enjoyable hours passed without incident. Although everyone was having a good time and enjoying the atmosphere, I knew it would happen, and it did. Right on schedule, Shifty exploded. I hadn't counted how many drinks he'd had, but now he was Mohammed Ali and began circling the pool table to go a few rounds with one of the ranch hands. Chairs went flying. I heard glass breaking and screaming. Much pushing and shoving and shouts to take the problem outside followed. Just then, Basketti decided to intervene by pulling his famous naked booze dance on the bar. For anyone who hasn't seen it before, it's hysterical, amazing, and out of bounds irreverent. Basketti can dance and gyrate like an out of control drunk from one end of a full bar to the other without knocking over one drink, while removing one piece of clothing after another, until he arrives at the other end of the bar, butt-naked. I'd seen him do it on more than one occasion, and always the clientele at the bar just sit looking up, open-mouthed, and incredulous. Everyone ends up laughing uncontrollably, some slightly embarrassed. Usually it went over better late at night, like now, and left everyone feeling happy and peaceful again. And thus, it was this night. The crowd forgot everything else and turned to watch Deano. That's Basketti, always the pacifier, and always the charmer, and as the night goes on, he becomes more peaceful, more charming, and more naked. Lucky for us, Lily wasn't around, having gone off to bed some time before. The homely daughter finally talked Basketti down off the bar, into putting his pants back on, and bought drinks around to celebrate. Suddenly, the crowd was happy and laughing again as the scene returned to a more normal, low-level chaos. 
Business was precious in little Stonewall, so everyone continued to have a good time, except Shifty, who, as usual, was more out of it with each bend of his elbow. All of a sudden, he jumped up and said, I'm outa here. I'm gonna go to Seattle and see my girlfriend. He crashed through the swinging doors and bolted out into the night, into the cold, cold, and dark, dark night. 
Let him go, Basketti said. Its colder than hell outside. That'll sober him up quick. Besides, I'm driving, and I have the keys.
I went out anyway, and after looking around for quite awhile, I found him standing by the highway on the edge of town trying to hitch a ride. I tried to talk some sense into him, like pointing out that Seattle was nearly a thousand miles away, but nothing helped, so I went back inside to warm up by the fire. I wasn't worried. There wasn't much chance of him even getting a ride out of town, much less any distance. If ever two cars went through Stonewall after midnight, it was nothing short of a miracle. Shifty wouldn't be getting anything but very, very cold, and hopefully, sober.  
And so the night finally ended. Basketti struck out with the homely daughter this time, so he and I moved our pickups out behind Lily's Saloon, turned the heaters on full blast, and fell asleep stretched out on the front seats with the motors running. I suspected that somewhere out in the cold, dark countryside Aldershot's motor was running also, but he wouldn't be using the heater. 
Sometime later, Shifty found us and crawled in with Basketti, thank God. 
The morning came much too early and much too bright. Stonewall doesn't have a restaurant for breakfast, so we hit the tiny country store for gasoline, cakes, cookies, candy, chocolate milk, coke, coffee, and potato and corn chips. After eating this hearty, country breakfast, we headed toward camp. Aldershot would probably follow as usual. We were never sure if he did this to get out of helping setup camp, or he was having a more enjoyable home cooked breakfast. 
When we arrived at our secret camping spot, I immediately got out and went to work. Basketti and Shifty weren't much help setting up camp for a while. Shifty was eating and Basketti was throwing up. The more Shifty ate, the more Basketti threw up. Basketti was like that. Little things made him throw up. He had the peculiar habit of always throwing up when he approached a dead animal, and his supposed nausea became much worse when he had to dress out his own game. An elk was worth three upchucks, deer two, and a pheasant or duck, one. We all figured that was the main reason why Basketti hardly ever killed anything and was such a bad shot. It was on purpose. However, he did have an accident, or fall down, and every once in a while, something fell when his gun accidentally fired. A common greeting to Basketti each evening when he arrived in hunting camp would be, Hey Basketti, anything come up today? That way we knew if he had scored or not. 
I had worked for almost two hours before the guys started slowly to pitch in and contribute. We busied ourselves setting up camp and things progressed well with their help. Shifty had finally come around with sort of an apology, Hey guys, I'm sorry about last night. It was the vodka. It always makes me crazy. You know I hardly touch the stuff until you guys come along every year for hunting season.
Blame it on us, I bantered. By the way, where's Aldershot anyway?
You know that guy avoids setting up camp every year. And he never lets us in on any juicy details either.  
Aw, you're just jealous because he can outshoot you, Deano, I countered. 
Hell, anyone can outshoot Deano, cause he's too busy throwing up. Shifty began chuckling. Didn't you hear that he upchucks now at just the sight of a deer or elk. I think it's getting worse. Next year, he'll probably throw up when anyone mentions hunting season. 
Naww! You guys, I don't do that, Deano tried feebly to defend himself, amid the laughing. 
It sounded good. Things were back to normal. We were once again in the swing with that fantastic, wonderful, intelligent, conversation of hunting camp. 
Sometime later, Aldershot arrived. As he drove up, we could see the right front fender and door of his new cherry red Blazer were damaged. 
What happened to your rig? Shifty shouted, as soon as Aldershot opened the door. The fender and door are dented in and wrecked. 
Well . . . I hit a deer last night just out of Stonewall, Aldershot said. 
What were you doing driving around Stonewall drunk last night? I asked.  
Well . . . you know, but I wasn't drunk. The deer actually ran into me. I was practically stopped. Anyway, I pushed the fender out, and itll be okay for now. A few days in the body shop later will make it as good as new, Aldershot explained. 
Speaking of bodies, Basketti interrupted. How did you make out with Lily's daughter last night? Did you or didn't you? 
Well . . . I'll never tell, Aldershot smiled that smile that said nothing. 
Always the gentleman, he wasn't going to give us even a small hint. The same thing happened every year. We were left guessing. 
She probably took a club to his Blazer because he couldn't do anything, Shifty said. 
I gotta see the deer, I added. 
Well . . . it's there. I had to get out and finish the poor thing off to prevent it from suffering, Aldershot continued. 
I decided to change the subject, Hey you guys, let's get the kitchen area finished, so I can cook supper before it gets dark. 
Aldershot can do that. He hasn't done anything yet. We've done our share, chorused Shifty and Basketti. 
Okay by me, only you'll have to put the kitchen box contraption of yours together. I never can figure that thing out, replied Aldershot, looking my way, and referring to my invention, a fully self-contained outdoor kitchen, complete with silverware, pots, pans, dishes, dishpan, soap, potholders, utensils, matches, paper towels, many condiments, and other basics like flour, oil, spices, etc. Only water and food needed to be added. When you unfolded the suitcase like box and attached the long legs, it turned into a table, a cabinet, and dishwashing area, with shelves and doors that closed. When the doors were open, they doubled as racks and hangers. Once it was set up, the cooks job became much easier. Such camp kitchens are now commercially available, made out of aluminum and/or plastic, and many have nifty folding or collapsible legs. Others are designed to sit on a table. I had made mine several years before they were invented, I think. At least I hadn't seen one, and no one else that I knew of had one. Being made of plywood, mine was heavy and bulky, but it worked well and was always ready to go. 
Several years later, I would upgrade to one of the more modern, aluminum ones, because I knew I could sell the old wooden one to Basketti. He bought everything second-hand, including all of our old used camping equipment and many other things. You could always count on him. But not even Basketti bought Willie Urban's used stuff. 
We had developed a system of cooking and cleaning over the years that worked well. By rotating each day, the person who did the dishes and the cleaning one day would cook the next day, with the next person cleaning up for him. This way each new cook received their own cleaning handiwork for cooking their first meal. Thus, each time a person cooked, he took care of furnishing and preparing all the meals for an entire day. If, for example, we stayed twelve days and there were four of us, we each brought and cooked three complete meals for three different days. This had, over time, inadvertently evolved into a stirring contest to see who could come up with the best meal and receive the most compliments, or to put it more descriptively, the least amount of bitching. Therefore, everyone had a stash of food for the meals, which were his responsibility, everyone, except Shifty who had his meal stash, plus a personal stash, which was much larger. Shifty has some kind of food phobia, or fear of starving, so he eats constantly. He kept an old army trunk full of goodies under his cot. Many nights, we were awakened by the sound of cellophane wrappers rattling and jaws crunching. This reminded me of the many times I'd also been awakened in the middle of the night by Willie Urban lighting a cigarette. Willie has since paid the price for his three-pack a day habit. But that was smoking and smoke, and this was eating and . . . well, Shifty blew a kind of smoke of his own, like prodigious amounts of high octane gas, like never-ending, clothespin on the nose, pollution. His reputation for passing gas was the stuff from which legends are made. Shifty's high revving metabolism produced a never-ending stream, more than any of us had ever seen or heard of before, or could have imagined. No matter where he was Shifty always slept with a window open or near the door. If gas burns, and they say that it does, Shifty could keep the Olympic flame going. We called him the Gas Master and he was known far and wide, even outside our hunting camps as the Gas Master, or Mass Gasser, depending with whom you talked. Here are a few illustrations. You know when you're taught to shoot a rifle, you're told to take a couple small breaths, let the last one out evenly halfway and then hold it while slowly squeezing the trigger. Shifty Basin always had to hold his breath in two places before he could squeeze his trigger. In Shifty's home, the bathroom consists only of a urinal and an exhaust fan, because Shifty converts everything to either liquid or gas. As you can tell, Shifty has a great talent, and he was the object of never ending compliments everywhere he went, especially when we were enclosed in the canvas army tent. So here we were once more in hunting camp. All the work was done. We were well fed, clothespins in place, and gathered in the dark green octagon the night before season opened, or, on what we came to call our Hunting Christmas Eve. We were getting ready for the big show from Aldershot. 
You better have a cot to sleep on this year, Aldershot, Basketti started off the festivities. Last year was so damn cold. You remember how cold you were last year sleeping on the floor, don't you, and your stuff was scattered all over hell. I hope you brought a thick foam pad, so you don't catch pneumonia again. 
I saw a propane tank in his rig. What do you need the gas for, Aldershot? Shifty demanded. 
If we could bottle you, I wouldn't need any propane, Aldershot shot back, referring to the increasing yellow cloud above Shifty's area. 
Geez, open the tent flap, somebody. Were lucky its not so cold this year with Shifty in his normal form, I added. 
C'mon Aldershot, Basketti said, opening the tent flap, hurry up with the lock. Let's see what you brought.  
Well . . . I'm not going to get cold this year, Aldershot said, reaching into the always mysterious duffel bag. This here is a propane heater, big enough to heat the whole tent. And you can turn it over and cook on the top, too. 
If it gets as cold as last year, I gotta see it heat this big tent, I said. 
Well . . . I'll hook it up and we'll see. At least it'll take some of the chill off while we have Christmas. I'll go get the propane bottle right now. 
Leave the door open, I added, flogging the air. The gas master is in full force mode. 
Aw, Geez, we gotta wait on the heater to see what else he brought, Basketti muttered. 
He'd better have a cot to put things under, I added, or I'm gonna throw his stuff out in the snow again this year. 
Don't worry, Aldershot said as he returned carrying a shiny new propane tank. 
You mean we're not going to look down on you shivering on the floor anymore. We're not gonna have to wade through your mess scattered all over the tent, and you're not going to be sitting on our cots to eat, and you're gonna shape up and be neat like the rest of us, Basketti said, keeping the pressure on Aldershot. 
No more crap from Deano about cots, thank God, Aldershot sounded relieved as he jerked a long cylindrical bag into view. It's a genuine South Face Sport Mini. Cost me over $100 too. The salesman guaranteed this to be the lightest, most compact, and the ultimate camp cot. And it comes with a foam pad built right in the fabric. No more getting cold or sleeping on the floor for me, and no more guff from all of you. That'll make Christmas extra enjoyable for me. I'll set it up, after I fire up the heater. 
$100, you must be nuts, I quipped, thinking of our $19.95 K Mart specials. But I knew Aldershot was like that. It was important to him to be allowed to pay a high price for something. He thought the more something cost the better it had to be, and besides, he surmised, anything with a well known brand name would give him added prestige. Undoubtedly in hunting camp, he thought we'd be less likely to criticize and ridicule him about costly name brand equipment. He sure was wrong on that one. But he did think it put him in a more exclusive bracket when he paid more. Aldershot always wanted to be a wee bit fancy and exclusive, anyway. However, in hunting camp, he inevitably paid a price for any pretentiousness, as sometimes the most enjoyable part of camping and hunting lay in poking fun at Aldershot, who had been somewhat of a loner before our paths crossed, and he joined the hunting group. 
In every group, there is a different type of guy, or a square peg, as we often called them. Aldershot fit that description when he first began hunting with us; however, the years of joking and poking fun had taken their toll, and he was now one of the guys and a hunting partner who had his special personality, his special contributions, and his endearing quirks, almost normal. Having been a veteran of many large groups of hunters, workers, and firefighters, I knew the rigors the square pegs, the nerds, and the misfits went through. Living close and interacting under stressful or demanding circumstances is a socializing process extraordinaire, and in all my experience, the square pegs invariably became one of the guys by seasons end. On a fire crew once, we started with a surly, defensive Mexican guy named Gilbert, and a gawky kid we called Dee Da Dee. By seasons end, they both had become loveable additions to the group, but oh, the trials and tribulations they went through. Years later, I visited Gilbert and Dee Da Dee and they told me that those summers were the best of their life. Aldershot had gotten off easy, I reminded myself.
How's this? he said, as the heater began to glow red. 
Great! said Basketti, maybe we can open the tent flaps with Shifty in here and still not get so cold. But you can't leave it burn all night, because that would be dangerous.
I don't know which gas would be more poisonous, Shifty gas or propane, I said. 
What else ya got, Aldershot? You know this is our first Christmas every year, don't you? said Basin. 
Well . . . here's a handy little folding saw for dressing game. No more chopping and bone chips in the meat for me, and you can cut firewood with it too. How about orange plastic flagging for marking a trail through the trees? I remember trying to find my elk last year after it snowed on the toilet paper I hung in the trees to mark the way. 
Aldershot continued talking as he pulled item after item from the big green bag. There was a space blanket, a shell holder that fit on the rifle stock, biodegradable toilet paper, a new type fire starter kit, rubber gloves for germ-free field dressing, some kind of special energy bars, and a cable rig for pulling the hide off of a deer or elk with your pickup. Aldershot was proud as he could be. He'd brought Christmas to hunting camp once again, and the joking and criticism slowly faded away with each new and interesting addition. This made Aldershot happiest of all to not be constantly on the receiving end of the jokes for a while. 
Put your cot together, so I can see this $100 South Face marvel, Basketti ordered.  
I like the heater. Its warming things up. Maybe Shifty won't gas us to death this year, if we can keep part of the tent open, I added. 
I brought gas for Christmas. Shifty laughed at his joke . . . alone, I might add as Aldershot busied himself snapping metal rods into a sturdy, blue rectangle of doubled nylon with a half inch of foam enclosed between the layers. Soon, he had the pieces together and plopped his new wonder bed down on the floor with a perplexed look on his face.  
Hey! Its only six inches off the ground! What kind of cot is that thing? Basketti shouted.  
Well . . . Sonofagun! I, I don't understand. No one told me a South Face would be so low, Aldershot sighed, with a mixture of incredulity and disappointment. 
Maybe that's a $100 Ultimate Sport Mini, Aldershot, I said, but I wouldnt trade my K-mart special tonight if you gave me $100. 
Me either, Shifty added, with an extra chuckle of derision.
Looks like we're gonna look down on Aldershot another whole year. Now we have to see how warm he can be on a half inch of backpacker foam three inches off of the floor, Basketti said. 
Aldershot mumbled to himself unintelligibly and turned the cot over repeatedly, totally bewildered. From the way he kept examining and pulling and twisting on the tubes, it appeared as if he was searching for height extensions or a place for attachments. Shifty laughed uncontrollably, rolling on his cot, pop, pop, pop. And that was how it went that season. Aldershot brought heat to hunting camp, but still slept on the floor, since the South Face sagged so much, and he froze his butt again during the night. We continued to stumble over his gear scattered all over, but some things found themselves outside in the snow this time. Shifty's gas attack was considerably lessened with heat in the tent and the tent flaps open, and that alone made Christmas in hunting camp more memorable.  




### END ###


DEE DA DEE

You know how in every group of men, theres one that's different, that don't fit in.
Our crew numbered 22 or three, including the one called Dee Da Dee.

That name we gave was made to fit for he was a little short of wit.
A little slow and at times just plain dumb, he slowly became the sole object of our fun.

He had it rough all summer through. He found a snake in his bed, some dung in his shoe.
 They threw him in the creek, played ball with his shirt, wrestled him to the ground, but left him unhurt

So that by the summers end, there was hardly a thing we hadn't done to him.
In searching around for something more, this little prank we had in store.

Now, I was the cook for this group of guys, and every day I'd have a surprise,
At the old ranch house where we ate, there was always something new on the plate.

We finished our work early each day, the job we did it was more like play,
Then we'd meet each day at three, to eat, laugh, and fun with Dee Da Dee.

D-Day came at the old ranch house, pretending that I was frying some grouse.
For the night before in the pantry trap, there had been caught this large, and plump, packrat.

Now we knew we'd get him sooner or late, that he'd look like chicken on the plate.
Deep fried and golden brown, the laughter nearly brought the house down.

But we said Jim had told a funny joke or two, as we rolled on the floor like you do.
Dee ate on amid this riotous din, and picked the bones as we laughed at him.

I felt guilty as I rolled around for taking advantage of that poor dumb clown,
But as I journey down life's beaten track, I'll always get a laugh when I think back,
Of Dee Da Dee



TOUCHED BY THE COLD



One of the things my father had often told me was that perseverance is the key to success. Seated thirty feet up in a pine tree, my perseverance was absolutely being tested this morning. Its just too damn cold, I grunted through clenched jaws. 
This was the sixth consecutive day of bitter cold and no end was in sight. I could just climb down and quit, I told myself. Like my son once said, No elk is worth dying for. 
I'm not a quitter, I argued with myself. That's why I brought this old sleeping bag this morning. But even completely zipped up inside, I was still suffering. If I could just move around more, I complained to myself. However, I knew I couldn't take a chance on blowing any possible opportunity by making a noise or movement after suffering so many hours. This has to be the longest, coldest spell of weather I've ever sat through. I must be slightly insane. I laughed to myself. I must see the humorous side of this, because people will think I'm nuts if I tell them about suffering in agony in the off chance an elk will wander within sight. I laughed more, thinking about what people would probably say. Laughing silently warmed me inside. I didn't have a better option if I wanted a chance to get my meat for the year. The woods were dry and noisy. The snow crunched like mini explosions underfoot with every step. The bright sun filled the woods with light rays and shadows. There wasn't an elk on earth, which couldn't hear or see you coming for miles. 
The treestand had proven its value many times before, and I knew it was just a matter of patience and enduring the elements. However, the elements had never been like this. In the last six days, the temperatures in the warmest afternoon had not risen above five degrees below zero, and once the sun went down the temperature plummeted to 20 below in no time. Everything in my old motor home was frozen, and the gas heater didnt raise the temperature to where you couldn't see your breath. Ice had formed on all the windows a half inch thick from the condensation freezing. The little latch pin inside, which one pushed or pulled to lock or unlock the door, grew a half-inch long extension of ice every night. 
I laughed again to myself as I thought of how, if it wasn't for geese, I'd be dead or long gone by now. Yes . . . geese were the hidden ingredient in this hunt and many other hunts for that matter. Without those geese many a hunter would just go home, I surmised. But I was dressed in goose feathers or down from head to toe. I slept covered by 8 inches of goose down. I even wore down booties inside the felt lined pacs. Now I was all zipped up in down and I was still cold, but I wasn't frozen solid. This was on the verge of becoming ridiculous. I must have looked ridiculous, but I just didn't have anything else to wear. I tried one tactic after the other to occupy my mind, but every thought process entered into a losing battle with the cold. I wasn't going to solve any world problems this morning. No deep thinking this morning. No relaxing and contemplating this morning. No reminiscing about humorous hunting trips or the antics of Aldershot, Basketti, and the guys. The penetrating cold interrupted every thought. Ridiculous, I mused. Ridiculous. 
Ok, what was the most ridiculous thing that I've seen? Wait, no story about ridiculous could begin without explaining my first encounter with ridiculous. I must have been about 13 or 14 years old. I knew the word, but it had never been impressed on me until that day in the supermarket. I waited patiently, no . . . impatiently, in the line behind a little old grey haired lady who I began to notice when she fumbled and fumbled and fumbled through her purse looking for her money. My irritation and impatience increased and threatened to explode when she fumbled once again through her coin purse looking for the correct change. The bag boy asked. Would you like your groceries in boxes or bags, Ma'am? 
That'll be fine with me, she responded with a jerky smile and went back to counting. The look on the bag boy's face bordered on incredulous. 
Now that's ridiculous, I remember saying. And that was my first real remembrance of ridiculous. Ok, Ok. I chided myself. What was the most ridiculous hunting thing you've seen? Hmm, probably it's Basketti puking every time he sees or smells the inside of an animal. That's plenty ridiculous, and the fact hes been doing it for years is even more ridiculous. I began to recall other instances of hunting ridiculous. One time back in my college years, Willie Urban, Sluicer, and I left town well before daylight in a blinding blizzard. We drove out into the valley and arrived at a warm water slough, which we had named The Good Spot. The name was our own and appropriate because it was the one place we could always count on to find ducks. And on a morning like this, it would be full of northern greenheads hunkering down out of the wind. The driving snow would muffle our approach and the bitter cold meant most of the quackers would have their head under their wings. We giggled like the kids we were as we pulled on our waders and prepared for the stalk. Only a duck, or intrepid duck hunters like us, would be out in this weather. As daylight came we wormed our way into position, and on the count of three, we jumped up and started blasting at several hundred mallards vaulting skyward. Greenheads were still falling for a split second after we quit shooting. What a jump, half our limit harvested the first shoot and not one hen to be razzed about later. We congratulated ourselves and began retrieving ducks. Right away, we noticed many more ducks flying everywhere, sailing past, and even trying to land on the good spot while we were still gathering our birds. The sky began lifting and the snow came in bursts. Interspersed in the bursts, we could see that hundreds of ducks passing over us were circling about a half-mile upstream where there was another small pond fed by the same warm stream, which created the good spot. Normally we wouldn't walk that far inland, since we had other spots, which were closer and quicker to access; however, the sheer number of ducks circling and diving down to land on the pond just out of sight behind a patch of cottonwoods, was too much to resist. We set out through knee-deep snow and biting, snow-flaky wind following the small, winding, warm spring creek toward the trees. Because of the snowdrifts and pausing each time a flock came over to not scare them with our movement, and also, to giggle and chuckle quietly about the thousands of ducks undoubtedly jammed into the little pond ahead, the going was slow. Soon we began to hear them, and as each new flock landed, they quacked and gaggled so loud we imagined millions of ducks wedged into the small pond. We'd look at each other and smile. The tension built up as hundreds more arrived every minute or so, and the quacking grew louder and angrier as the new ones jostled for space on the water. Halfway, we decided to stop and prepare for action. The dead ducks we carried were stashed in a snow hole, shotguns were loaded to the hilt, and barrels checked for snow and ice. Then we began sneaking seriously, bent over and hiding behind trees. Our stomachs, our muscles, and our grip on our shotguns tightened with anxiety and anticipation. Only 150 yards separated us from one of the most spectacular duck shoots in history. The flights of northern mallards continued to stream in, and the quacking and gaggling became constant and deafening. Suddenly, off to one side of the little warm creek, a lone mallard hen jumped into the air quack, quack, quack. Willie ripped off two shots, two loud, quietness and sneak destroying, shots, boom, boom. The huge flock crammed into the tiny pond 75 yards in front of us exploded like a sonic boom as thousands of quacking, flapping, mallards vaulted into the air at the same time, just out of shooting range. The uproar came like cannon fire, deafening and repetitious for several seconds. Our great sneak and the most awesome duck shoot in history disintegrated in the windy mist. 
What the hell did you do that for? I shouted at Willie. 
Sluicer wasn't as polite. You idiot, he screamed.
What d'ya mean? Willie answered. 
We switched.  
You idiot, Urban, I shouted again
Why did you do that? Sluicer yelled
We're duck hunting, ain't we? That was a duck, wasn't it? Willie defended himself indignantly. We shut up. We didn't have a reply for Willie then, and for all of the ensuing years we hunted together, we never came up with an adequate retort. It was so, so . . . ridiculous, that I've never, ever, to this day, been able to think of an appropriate response. Over the years, as the story has been told and retold, the description we finally settled on and used to refer to Willie's It was a duck, wasn't it? defense, was that it was a Duck of an answer. Which, come to think of it, perfectly describes the little old lady and her boxes or bags reply, a Duck of an answer.
Yeah, that has to be the height of ridiculous when, after 30 years, there's no reply that does it justice, I mused. Wow, ten whole minutes passed and I haven't been thinking about how cold I am. I laughed. Lets think of more things ridiculous, yeah, let's . . . me, myself, and I. I laughed again thinking about my thoughts and my mind entertaining me and making something so difficult to cope with, endurable. Many people would be bored stiff just waiting in one place such a long time, even if you didn't factor in sitting motionless and suffering through below freezing temperatures high up in a tree overlooking a pine forested wilderness. Especially the millions of mindless young people these days, they would quickly label me as loony or worse. But I think they're the crazy ones, with a cell phone in one ear and music in the other, needing to be surrounded by their friends, not thinking for themselves, etc. 
Yeah, that's ridiculous, too, but back to hunting ridiculous. Soon after Shifty and I started hunting together, we decided to go after coyotes. I had been having some success, roaming the hills and cruising around in remote areas, and Shifty wanted to get in on the action, especially when the value of a good coyote pelt increased to more than $50. One day we were driving along a remote dirt track surrounded by public land, when a coyote ran across in front of us. Shifty yelled. Stop, stop. As I slowed down, he jumped out with his rifle and began blazing away at the coyote, which jumped and doubled its speed at every shot. When he ran out of bullets, he quit shooting. 
Now thats fricking ridiculous, I said. You need some lessons. 
To his everlasting credit, Shifty didn't say, We're coyote hunting, aren't we? That was a coyote, wasn't it? He only said, Well, you show me next time.
Several miles further, we came upon another coyote hightailing it up a long low hill. Shifty shouted, Stop, stop. 
But I countered, Wait! Wait! Don't screw up this one. Stay in the pickup, as I slowly pulled off of the trail and eased quietly to a stop. When I stepped out of the pickup, I pulled the rifle with me. Walking unhurriedly over to an embankment, I calmly and deliberately lay down and assumed a prone position. We could see the coyote running up a long low hill in the distance. I open the bipod legs, steadied the rifle, found him in the scope, and followed. Reaching up over the scope, I grabbed the zoom ring and ran up the scope power at the same time. On top of the hill, the coyote stopped to look back. At 20-power, I held him steady in the crosshairs and squeezed the trigger. The shot knocked him down, but he struggled up and somersaulted about 20 yards back down toward us and piled up in a sagebrush clump. 
Wow! shouted Shifty, what a shot. He was at least 350 yards away. 
That's the secret, Shifty. A good scope, good rest, rifle sighted in for distance, and patience, that's all. A standing shot at 300 to 400 yards is worth ten running shots at a 100. I never knew Shifty to jump out and start blazing away at anything again, but that first time, standing in the dirt trail, emptying his gun at a running coyote, which jumped and ran faster with each shot, has drawn hoots of laughter around many campfires, because it was soooo ridiculous. 
Wow, that one was worth almost 15 minutes. Let's see. Oh, I remember the guy who went pheasant hunting with us once. He wasn't part of our hunting group, but he had become friends with many of us and he wanted to go hunting. Someone loaned him an old single shot 20 gauge shotgun, which seemed fitting for a beginner. Urban gave him a few instructions and pointers before we began. On this particular day, six of us abreast, including Sanderson, the new dude, were sweeping through various grain and weed fields where we had secured permission to hunt. It was a good place and full of pheasants, and each time one jumped up, when no one shouted hen, those nearest would blaze away. Soon everyone had a rooster or two, except Sanderson, who was getting plenty of shooting, but nothing would fall. This continued all afternoon until most everyone had bagged his limit. We began rotating Sanderson to the best positions and tried to give him the first or only shot. 
After several more misses, Urban whispered in my ear, Watch Sanderson when he shoots, not the bird. Soon another rooster jumped up, and I watched Sanderson closely. The bird hadn't climbed ten feet into the air when Sanderson fired. What's more, he didn't cock the old single shot before he fired. But that wasn't half of the story because he hadn't even raised his shotgun. Instead, he just shot into the ground in front of him. 
What the hell are you doing, Sanderson? I demanded. You shot without even raising your gun. 
I raised it, he snapped back
No, you shot into the ground right in front of your feet. See . . . there's the hole, I said, pointing at the hole in front of him.
He's right, Sanderson. You didn't even raise your shotgun when you shot, Urban backed up my attack.
Yes, I did. I shot at the pheasant. Sanderson seemed somewhat chagrined, but continued defiant.
And what's more you've been walking around with your gun cocked. That's a real no, no, I added.
I wanted to be ready, but I did shoot at the pheasant. I don't know where that hole came from, maybe a gopher, Sanderson declared again.
I think it's about time we packed it in anyway, Sluicer said.
Yeah, let's head for home, Urban agreed. 
It was a quiet trip back to town and no one talked about what had happened until after we dropped Sanderson off at his home. 
That was about the craziest thing I've ever seen, Willie said first. 
I don't know about the craziest, but it sure was the most ridiculous thing I've witnessed in a long time. A pheasant flies into the air, and he shoots into the ground in front of his feet and still doesn't realize he didnt raise his shotgun. I'm sure he shot like that all day. Another thing, carrying a shotgun cocked all the time is doubly dangerous. He'll never hunt with me again, I said.
Me either, Sluicer seconded, but at least he didn't shoot through three walls in my uncle's house like you did. 
You're not going to let me forget that, are you, you turkey. That was totally an accident, I defended. 
Sluicer never quit reminding me about the time right after we first started hunting together when we'd stopped to have lunch at his uncle's house out in the valley. We left town well before daylight that morning and by noon had our limits of greenheads, or Mallard drakes, so we stopped to eat and give Sluicer's old German aunt and uncle some ducks, which they dearly loved. After lunch, we sprawled out on the old double bed in the extra bedroom for a nap. Waking up first, I began examining Sluicer's dilapidated Remington 870 pump shotgun, which I had watched him unload before entering the house. Even though it was not loaded, I pulled the slide back and checked for a shell in the chamber. I shuffled it back and forth three or four times, and no shell came out. I checked the magazine from underneath at the loading port, no shell. I checked the chamber again, then closed it, swung at an imaginary duck, and squeezed the trigger. Click! I shuffled and swung again. Click! I shuffled and swung again. KABOOM! The gun went off and blew a hole at an upward angle through three walls, each one larger as the shot expanded. The load of lead finally lodged in the old attic staircase. I stood shocked and surprised, riveted in wing shoot position. Aunt and uncle burst into the room before I had even lowered the shotgun. My mouth hung open, as I fumbled for words of apology. To hell with the old house, they said. Were just thankful no one was hurt. 
Sluicer, who had been dozing and sleepily watching me, backed up my story about checking and rechecking to see if it was loaded. I was totally embarrassed and felt ridiculous, anyway. Sluicer was right. It had been a dangerous accident, but what a lesson. From then on, I have treated all guns, all the time, as if they're fully loaded, and I've never had another accident, or done anything else so ridiculous.
Wow . . . another 15 minutes gone, I mused as the cold broke into my thought processes again. This blasted cold. This blasted penetrating cold. In the past, I've had my rifle freeze up, and my shotgun so stiff that it wouldn't eject the shell. I've slept out in 30 below zero with my foam pad frozen to the ground. I've frostbit my ears, toes and nose, but I don't think I've ever suffered before like I've suffered here in this treestand the last few days. Why don't I just climb down and call it off, I argued. I knew what me and myself would say about quitting and climbing down, so I countered by instructing myself to continue thinking of ridiculous things. 
I reminded myself of a totally ridiculous event, which Urban brought on himself. One spring, I had found myself looking for work when the job I planned on didn't materialize. I thought about going back to Alaska and look for work on the North Slope, but I didn't want to go alone. Just then, Willie showed up and said he had troubles with his wife and just wanted to get out, get away from it all, and start over. Off to Alaska we went on the next flight. On the flight north, he confided to me that it was worse than he had hinted. She had, in fact, kicked him out and told him never to come back. We shuffled around Fairbanks for a week before we found a job on the North Slope with a seismic exploration crew. The company flew us into a new exploration camp called Deadhorse, which consisted of a row of modular trailer houses beside a gravel airstrip, 20 miles inland from the still frozen Arctic Ocean. Our job consisted of helping on a seismic drilling rig as it leapfrogged by helicopter, on exploration grids across the North Slope tundra. The job was monotonous and boring, twelve hours a day, seven days a week. Because we needed the money, we elected to continue working instead of taking the two-day R&R trip at the end of the first month. Sometime in the second month, Willie began to talk of patching up his relationship and by the time the break for the second month came, he had convinced himself that he could do it because he now knew the exact problem, and he would make it right. Even though it was mid-summer and there was much more money to be made, he was determined to return home. He knew she would love him again. He was positive about the problem, which he would resolve, and they would live happily ever after. No amount of talking, reasoning, or razzing, would dissuade him, so, when our time to go down south came, I accompanied him to the airport in Fairbanks and wished him well. 
I returned to the North Slope and began working at night ferrying barrels of aviation gas to supply dumps across the Colville river drainage. After riding out into the tundra with the first helicopter slinging barrels of fuel, I would remain there all night unloading slings until returning with the last flight. Bored and lonely in my sleeping bag passing time until the next helicopter, often hours away, I would sing to the caribou passing in the constant twilight, bark at the ragged looking arctic fox nosing around, and whistle with the loons as they wailed on nearby ponds. The job continued into September and I finished up in Alaska just in time to arrive back home for hunting season. Right away, I went to look for Urban and found him living at home with his mother. And here's the ridiculous part. He had gotten off the plane and bought a dozen beautiful long stemmed red roses. Soon after, he arrived at his wife's house fully prepared to admit his faults, do anything possible to resolve their problems, and even get down on his knees to beg for another chance. He walked up to the door, big bundle of roses in hand, and knocked. At once, his wife opened the door and just as quickly slammed it shut in his face without uttering one word. He tried calling. She hung up. Three months later when I arrived, he still hadn't spoken one word to her. 
Willie, I said, that's the most ridiculous story I've ever heard. And it was ridiculous, but then I felt bad for him and didn't even give him one, I told you so. 
Many years later, Willie married again and settled in with another woman, and as far as I know, they are still together, although a while back, we were talking on the telephone and he said, I have to hang up now, Godzilla's coming in the door. However, I will always remember Willie as an extraordinary sportsman and outdoorsman. He was one of the best wingshots I have ever hunted with, although, incidentally, on that fateful morning of his biggest blunder, he missed the hen mallard. That was unusual, since he usually connected. One other thing worth noting here is: besides being an excellent wingshot, Willie was also the fastest. Once, when he couldn't borrow a shotgun, he went pheasant hunting carrying only a Marlin .22 automatic rifle. A small flock of Hungarian partridges jumped up in front of Willie and he downed three of them on the fly with three shots from his .22 rifle, a feat, which any hunter who has shot at Huns, would say was impossible. I helped him pick them up one by one, not believing it myself. On another occasion, we spotted three mallard drakes sitting in an irrigation ditch, which went around the side of a hill. We approached from below and Willie went off to one side, while I positioned myself directly below where we knew they were. Willie rose to jump them up from his angle. I readied myself to start shooting when they cleared the bank in front of me. I heard the ducks jump into the air, quacking as the always do, and I heard Willie begin to shoot, but I never saw a duck. Willie dropped every one before they cleared the bank. That was one time when I felt ridiculous.
With so many thoughts and remembrances occupying my mind, more time flew by, and I hardly took notice of my numb and suffering body. I'm not the only guy who ever endured hardship or extreme cold in the outdoors, I reminded myself. What about the pioneers? Remember the story about the old beaver trapper that wandered around the wilderness north of Glacier Park. He dug a hole in the deep snow every night and built a fire in it. Then he split a post in two and sat on the pieces skinning his catch and cooking, both himself and a beaver meat dinner, suspended over the fire hole. Later he would curl up on the homemade boards under an old Hudson Bay blanket and sleep the night away. That story almost makes me want to remove some of my goose down protection, but not quite, I joked with myself. Just then a noise jolted me to full alert as three cow elk burst into the clearing running like someone was shooting at them. I pulled up and found the last one in my scope just as she disappeared into the trees at the far west edge of the clearing. Wow! That was a rush, I blurted out, but not too loud. Too bad they didn't have horns. 
Three elk running across in front was exactly the re-enforcement I needed, since seconds before the intolerable cold had me casting doubts on the treestand strategy. The adrenaline rush even warmed me a tad, and I glanced about on super alert for the next few minutes, until the cold once again began to dominate. Again, I began to search for things to take my mind off of my self-inflicted misery and calm my chattering teeth. I grinned remembering my son's chattering teeth once as we waited late one evening on a small knoll overlooking an old carcass on which a big black bear had been feeding. We had been lying on the ground in wet, bone chilling cold for an hour. Tension mounted and the energy of anticipation hung in the air as darkness approached. My thirteen-year old boy lay beside me, and I could feel him shivering, so I put my arm over him and pulled him into and under me for more warmth. Thats when I heard his teeth chattering. Are you cold, son? 
No, scared, he replied. I had hardly finished laughing when a big black bear stepped out of the brush about 200 yards away. One shot at the base of his neck and the wait ended. 
Afraid of this? I joked as I grabbed an ear and pulled on the long black fur a few minutes later. 
Naw . . . Not now, he said.
From time to time, I would wiggle my toes vigorously inside my pacs, and it seemed to help restore some feeling and circulation. I could also move around slightly inside the sleeping bag without the movement being visible. Even though the condensation from my breath made the top wet and icy, I kept my entire face covered up to my eyes. This sleeping bag is saving my butt. I sure could have used it a few years ago when Basketti and I were watching the small opening at the bottom of the forks, which we fondly referred to as the Y. We huddled, facing opposite directions, 75 yards apart on a bitter, penetrating, many degrees below zero morning. Surrounding pine branches hung heavy with snow, which blanketed the ground more than a foot deep. Through the continual mist of falling and flying snow, we could barely see each other sitting motionless back in the shadows struggling against the cold as the oncoming daylight began to hazily penetrate into our deep, remote, frozen, winter wonderland. 
The steep side hills where two small canyons joined created a natural game crossing and numerous tracks in the deep snow testified to it. I remember marveling at Baskettis perseverance because he had to be suffering as much as I, and, for me, the pain bordered on unbearable. As the time passed, it became obvious that at some point we would have to give it up or die. This occurred in the days before my treestand strategy, and I hadn't mastered the art of using my mind to entertain myself, pass time, and solve the world's problems. Down hunting clothes weren't universally available, and the idea of zipping up in a sleeping bag to ease the suffering lay years in the future. So, we suffered and froze slowly in a grim, silent, determination. I thought repeatedly that Basketti had to be one super tough guy to continue sitting up there totally motionless. The pain in my fingers and hands was beyond wartime prisoner torture, and my feet were numb ice balls at the end of my legs. I wondered if he had some secret that I didn't know, or was wearing special clothes, which he hadn't told me about, or even a new kind of gloves. In awe and amazement, I watched as Basketti continued to sit quietly without moving. I became jealous, and then I became angry. He had to be suffering horribly like I was. My mind ordered him to quit and stand up and end my suffering. I couldnt be the first one to yield, no way. I continued to send him signals by mental telepathy that he must end his suffering and stand up and surrender. But Basketti held firm. He's one tough SOB, I told myself again and again. 
We had been at this seemingly suicidal freezathon three hours when a lone cow elk angled down the hill across from me and stepped out into the clearing just 40 yards from where I sat suffering. Somehow, my rifle made it to my shoulder, and somehow, my finger curled enough to cause it to fire. The elk dropped in its tracks. I struggled to my feet and floundered across the 40 yards to the warm body lying there. I remember seeing Basketti lurching towards me through the deep snow. With my rifle leaned against one elk leg, I pulled out my hunting knife and opened a big slit in the cow's stomach. I don't even remember removing my gloves, as I shoved my two frozen paws into the warm body cavity. The pain at first was excruciating. I looked up to see Basketti tearing frantically at his frozen stumps. He looked comical, and it became obvious he had been suffering terribly because his face looked like a clown had painted a bright red circle from the bottom of his chin to the top of his beet red nose. I'll never forget that clown look as his hands slid in next to mine. I guess both of our chins were frozen because neither of us said a word and just groaned in some type of orgiastic pleasure as the warmth began to penetrate our frozen stubs. 
That was the first and last time I ever saw Basketti go near a dead animal without throwing up. But it didn't last long and as he turned away, I heard a mumble, I gotta run. He began running through the snow making a big circle around us, the dead cow and I. Finally, he quit running when I had the animal all cleaned out and moved away from the bloody area. Ha! I never thought about it until now, but Basketti went running to not only warm up, but to keep from throwing up. I laughed silently at my new revelation. Basketti told me later that it was a good thing the elk came down on my side because there was no way he could have fired his rifle, since his hands were immovable. 
Oh, this bag would have been a great thing back then. Maybe itll help if I think about the times when it wasn't so cold. Like the next year after Basketti's clown face, we had opted to concentrate on deer and pheasants the first month of season and had even spent two weeks floating on the big river in tee shirt weather. Basketti couldnt be persuaded to join us after returning, so with only the last weekend of the general season remaining, Aldershot and I returned to hunting camp in the mountains to get serious about elk. Aldershot was anxious to try out his brand new 7mm magnum. Refreshing and cool, with patchy snow in shaded areas, the weather turned perfect for hunting. The temperature hovered around 30 F by day, with overcast skies and a slight breeze. We worked hard all day Saturday, even climbing to the top of several mountains and hunting down to the bottom. Just before dark, we took high lookout positions, and although nothing showed itself close enough to shoot, we did see several elk cross between patches of timber in a valley below. We decided to make sure we were set up in that area next evening, if we hadn't scored by then. 
After drawing a blank the next day, we selected our positions late that afternoon for a last ditch effort. Aldershot chose to cover the lowest side drainage, and I selected a good vantage point about 600 yards farther up the main valley overlooking another side drainage. Although we were far apart, I could see all the area down close to where he sat just over the rise and out of sight. From our vantage points, we could each cover our part of the main canyon. His side canyon was deeper than mine and he was set up about 200 yards from the bottom. From my stand, I could see the far side of his canyon 200 yards up and above, but he could not see any of my area. The late afternoon drug on as we waited. We each watched several moose as they wandered up and down eating willows in the main drainage. A coyote crossed near me. A herd of deer fed out on the side hill across from Aldershot, fully 800 yards from my position. We waited another hour and the light began to fade. It was now do or die, just minutes before the season would end. I began to contemplate defeat and no elk steaks or roasts that winter. Just then, a shot rang out from Aldershot. I hit the ground and swung my rifle in the direction of the shot, fully expecting something to come running over the hill in my direction. Then another shot exploded the stillness. Strange, I mumbled, Aldershot doesn't usually need a second shot. Then another shot rang out in the distance. I swung back and forth hurriedly. Maybe he had something wounded because anything that came out of the bottom of his draw would quickly come into my view. Another shot blasted my ears. Wow! Something's crazy, spaced shots like that. Aldershot never misses again and again. Another shot split the air. Wow! That's five, I counted just as another shot sounded. Franticly, I tried to find something moving through my scope, swinging first to one side then another. The deer were long gone. Then I heard another shot and another. What the hell is going on? I asked myself as another shot rang out. Maybe he's in trouble, but he knows the signal if he needs help or has something down. What the hell is going on? I heard another shot and another and another. Aldershot has finally lost it. I laughed as I stood up and started in his direction. The years of razzing have finally taken their toll, and ending the season in defeat pushed him over the edge. As I made my way across the big sagebrush side hill, shot after shot rang out, until the evening regained its silence. When I topped the rise, Aldershot came into view. Well, he looks okay. He hasn't torn his clothes off and he isnt running around naked waving his rifle in the air. No, he just stood there looking down at his new rifle. I spoke first as I came up to him, What the hell is going on?
This damned rifle doesn't shoot straight, he replied. I had a spike elk over there 200 yards away and every time I shot, he just turned around to see what the noise was beside him. After awhile I shot high. I shot low. I shot off to one side, then the other, trying to see where it was hitting or luck one into him. Finally, he tired of the noise and went on up the draw. I fired all of my shells, 16 times. 
That's all it took to get me started. Aldershot . . . I depended on you, and you show up with a new 7mm magnum that you haven't even sighted in. Now we have to go all winter without elk meat.
No, no, no, I sighted it in before I came. It was perfect.
A perfect rifle doesn't miss 16 times, and now the season is over and you blew it, you and your big magnum. I said.
I don't know what happened, maybe it was the ammunition, Aldershot offered a lame excuse.
I know what happened, your big magnum kicks so much you flinched every time you shot, and we can't eat elk roast for Thanksgiving because you blew the golden opportunity.
And so it went all the way home, me razzing Aldershot with his new magnum, and Aldershot offering one defense after another. When we finally arrived at his house, I said, Call me tomorrow after you check out that super gun and let me know the problem.
Me? He sounded incredulous. You take it with you and check. Otherwise you'll just say Im making up an excuse. Then he added, Besides my shoulder is black and blue.
Early next morning, I placed the guilty magnum on the shooting bench and walked out to attach a target at 50 feet. As I sighted down the barrel a few minutes later, something didn't line up correctly, but I cranked off a shot anyway. The bullet hit a foot outside the bullseye. With a straight edge laid alongside the scope, the reason became obvious. On the phone a short time later, I told him, Aldershot, you can relax. Its your scope, and its bent badly. It's over a foot off at 50 feet. You couldn't hit an elk at 200 feet, much less 200 yards. And I added, Now I know I'll never buy a 7mm magnum. The kick from one shot is enough for me.
The next time I saw Aldershot he announced, I sold that new rifle.
Why? I responded. It wasn't the rifle's fault. 
I'll never have faith in it again after what happened, he said. I can't hunt with a rifle I don't have confidence to shoot.
Confidence to shoot or courage to shoot. That thing kicked like a mule, I razzed. From that day on, any mention of magnum rifles in hunting camp has always been followed by the story of Aldershot flinching sixteen consecutive shots. Of course, that fit perfectly with one of the other things Aldershot always took razzing over when the talk got around to rifles and shooting, because Aldershot was the only one of us who didn't have a scope scar. In fact, he was the only serious hunter I ever knew who didn't have a scope scar. Shifty even had two and Basketti received a new one every year. 
Now I'm back to ridiculous again. This cold has me going full circle. I squirmed around in the sleeping bag and glanced at my watch. Almost 9:30. I've suffered enough this morning. With one last good look around, I unzipped the bag and began to descend. First, I lowered my rifle with a small cord, then the sleeping bag. Rising from my seat wasn't easy, since my body had frozen stiff from the cold and sitting without moving so long. The climb down was slow and labored. By the time I reached the bottom, my joints moved better. Maybe I'll go on up the trail and try the big rockslide, I decided. 
A couple of miles and a few rest stops later, I arrived at the bottom of the rockslide, semi-thawed. The rock jumble ran straight up from where I stood, a climb of 400-500 yards. With deep snow covering all the rocks and crevices on this north face, the ascent was slow and precarious, but finally, I arrived at the top and breathlessly turned to survey the landscape in the direction from which I had come. My body was deliciously and delightfully warm, and I could feel the blood coursing through my veins with life. I breathed long and deep breaths, one after another, and looked out at the seemingly endless sea of green treetops stretching before me, punctuated here and there by white patches representing snowy, frozen, openings. Everything appeared so pure and clean, and the air, crisp and pristine, entering my lungs made me feel complete and brimful of life. Its all so perfect, so elegant. How could anyone ever think this is just an accident? I breathed deeply and warmly, my senses heightened by the painful ordeal of the morning, which was now long gone. I rejoiced in the awesome power of primordial nature. I could make millions of dollars if I could give this feeling to others, I signed, as I kicked back in a bed of pine needles at the base of a tree and relaxed. It felt so good to be alive . . . and warm. 




### END ###


A LOONS SONG

A loon wails and you seem to feel, it's the end of the earth and not real,
but real it is and wild it be, the tundra plain without a tree.

Ceaseless winds have swept the plains bare. Cleansed by nature and open air,
treeless and bleak the tundra appears, just as it has for millions of years.

As I stand among the flowers I see and gaze on land that's always been free,
I feel the earth all frozen below, awaiting the dawn of eternal snow.

A wild free land with secrets untold, all shut tight in the winters long cold.
The summer sun offers brief respite, a glimpse of wonder, then locked up tight.

Snow blankets the water and the land. Everything freezes that cannot withstand
the force of nature's eternal cold. Here in the Arctic the story is old.

Winter comes and the night turns long. The ceaseless wind howls the Arctic song,
a song of cold and a song of might, the endless north song all through the night.

But even amid the Arctic cold, nature struggles for life as of old.
The fox and the ptarmigan they turn white. For all life, its lean in the endless night.

And then when the plain begins to thaw there's a coming of day and our senses awe.
The ice melts slowly and moves to sea. The tundra awakens all freshened to be.

I lay among lovely flowers that come, the warming rains, and the summer sun.
There are baby ducks paddling near. A young fox's bark is in my ear.

When a falcon swoops from overhead, a lemming cries being upward sped.
My senses soar and great thanks I give, to see the tundra begin to live.

And live it does, with beauty untold, so wild and free its hard to behold,
then a loon wails, and you seem to feel, it's the end of the earth and not real.




SLUICER



They were sneaking along like hunters when they first entered the clearing 400 yards away. Through the ten power binoculars, it soon became evident they weren't carrying rifles, which meant they weren't fellow hunters, at least not technically. One was a game warden and the other a forest service officer, and they were obviously looking for me. At 250 yards, the noise of their approach, sticks breaking and feet scuffing, drifted up into the lodgepole pine where I sat. They appeared to be trying to follow my tracks in yesterday's snow, which had thawed and refroze over night. What they were following now were old tracks left by animals and firewood cutters. That morning, as usual when approaching my treestand area, I had cut through the forest and entered downwind not leaving any sign of my presence on the trail nearby, which was an old trick from Roland the trapper. 
Years before, Roland had taken me under his wing and showed me many of his secret ways while I helped him on his trapline. Oh, what a great opportunity that had been. For Roland, I presented only a strong back to carry the beaver out of the swamp, but for me, being out there in the outdoors, following and learning from a sly, old time trapper, was a dream come true. Between Roland and his friend, another crusty old trapper we called, George I'd rather skin beaver than eat Kinder, they taught me many things not written about in books. Roland had trapped the same area for over 40 years, and he resented the continual incursions from wanna-be trappers coming out from the city every year. Little things, like always approaching down wind, never walking on the trail to leave sign you were in the area, never stepping out in an opening, how to approach an area unseen using a big tree or bush to block the vision, and many secrets of traveling in the forest without leaving any sign. Roland could trap close to another trapper and they would never know he was there, and what's more, they had no idea why they couldnt catch anything, since Roland always urinated around their traps and liberally saturated the entire area with urine, so that no animal would approach within 50 feet of the dreaded man-smell. 
These two dudes approaching on the old logging trail down below were violating every rule Roland had taught me. They stopped out in the open to glass ahead not 40 feet away from where I sat, high above them. Through my binoculars, their facial expressions, motions, and whispered communications were humorous as they tried to figure out where I was, or where I had gone. I thought about calling down to them and revealing my presence before deciding it would be more fun to observe. Watching people and crowds had always been one of my favorite pastimes and I enjoyed searching for hidden nuances, connections, and points of interest, so I began to study the two carefully. The game warden was definitely in charge, but the forest service guy carried a pistol also. They paused briefly, before continuing to sludge on up the trail. A quarter mile further, their noise could be heard no more, but they were visible as they moved along for another 150 yards. The binoculars followed their every movement until they were out of sight. That's when it became evident that game wardens and forest service guys were capable of more than 200-yard noise. I chuckled at that. 
Alone once again sitting high in the cold morning mountain air, my eyes closed. The forest, close on all sides, began to work its hypnotic power. At least an hour would pass before any self-respecting animal might venture to come this way. Soon I began contemplating, day dreaming, and thinking about the two bumbling sleuths up the trail. They're more than 20 years late. I mused out loud. They should have been around back in the days of Ballenger and Sluicer and Rapid Robert. They could have satisfied their thirst for detective adventures by chasing those guys. 
Long ago, on my first day at the university, I met Ballenger and a few months later, Sluicer. Ballenger was a real piece of work, even back then. With a kind of crew cut, smart aleck attitude, his deep resonating voice quickly caught my attention as he jauntily wandered through the halls laughing and joking. Like me, he was signing up for classes that day, but he didnt intend to take any of them as I soon learned. We began talking, and he told me he planned to major in golfing. Before long, he began talking about another of his passions, hunting, and, since I started pumping him for information right away, and he was a local boy, he offered to show me around the area. That was the first time I heard him say, 'No Problem!' like it was no big deal. But it was a 'big deal' to me and, of course, the young, innocent, country bumpkin out-of-stater, jumped at the chance, not really knowing the ramifications of his innocent enthusiasm. 
Ballenger drove an ancient, beat up two-door Plymouth, and he never had any money for gasoline because he spent it buying beer. That's where I came in. I would buy gas, and we could bomb around together while he drank beer. Drinking and driving wasn't such a big deal then and Besides, I rationalized, that old beater probably couldn't muster 45 mph. The same afternoon, the 'crime spree' began. We zoomed out of town into the valley and started cruising small farm lanes between grain fields. Ballenger pointed out several potholes and streams where the ducks would be resting and taking shelter when the northern flights began moving through on their way south. I just sat back and enjoyed bumping through my chosen outdoor paradise for the first time until Ballenger screeched to a halt. In a flash, he jerked out an ancient .22 pump rifle and pointed it out into the grain stubble. Sighting where the barrel pointed, I made out a rooster pheasant, squatted down in the stubble a short distance away, just as the .22 cracked. In the next split-second, Ballenger bolted from the car, jumped the fence, and grabbed the pheasant before it had hardly begun to flop. 
But, but, Ballenger, it's not pheasant season, I stammered. 
For me it's always pheasant season, he replied. No Problem. Thats the way we do it out west. In truth, no one thought too much of those shenanigans back then, and I began to enjoy a steady diet of partridges and pheasants, since Ballenger lived with his folks and never took any evidence home with him. Later that fall, Ballenger introduced me to one of his local beer-drinking friends, Daniel LaRousen, and the education on ducks began. Dan had an old .22 Winchester also, and he loved to hunt. They laughed at my little Hi Standard .22 pistol, but it was all that I had, and they laughed at my protestations about their blatant recklessness. Ballenger met my every protest with, No Problem. They called me a hick and an out-of-stater who didn't know how things were done out west. But it was all great fun too, and in my youthful zeal, I didn't stop going with them. Besides, I was beginning to get accustomed to a diet of wholesome wild meat, which was delicious, and more important, economical. However, I can honestly say they collected most of the game. 
 Those guys up the trail would have loved Ballenger and Sluicer. My daydreams continued, as I swayed gently in the morning breeze. LaRousen received the name Sluicer because one day he showed up with an old beat up Remington pump shotgun, which he found hidden in his father's closet. They were having trouble scoring with the .22s because the ducks wouldn't stay still after the noisy old jalopy stopped. 
One day we passed a flock of ducks sitting on a tiny pond rimmed by tall cattails. Just keep driving, Dan said, I'll show you how to get some meat. Two hundred yards past the water and out of sight Ballenger stopped the car. Dan hopped out and crawled under the fence and began sneaking through the weeds with the two of us following close behind. Soon we were near to where the ducks huddled in the water out of sight. Dan whispered, Now watch this. as he jumped up and commenced to shoot before the ducks had time to jump toward the sky. Instead of seeing ducks falling out of the air, we watched as several only slumped forward. He had killed them while they were sitting on the water. 
Hey, you sluiced them! shouted Ballenger, as Dan waded in to pick up the dead ducks.
I don't think that's fair, I said. They didnt even get a flying chance. From now on we're going to call you Sluicer. 
He mumbled an excuse about it not making any difference to a dumb duck, knowing we were both highly displeased, even anything for a laugh Ballenger. From that day, we called him 'Sluicer. 
Every trip into the countryside presented a great opportunity for Ballenger and Sluicer to drink beer, and afterwards, we ended by stopping at the local dump to shoot the beer bottles out of the air with our .22's. That was new to me, and I didn't have much luck with my pistol, but with my baseball arm, I could throw them real high and impressed my new friends and they made me the chief thrower. Even tipsy on beer, Ballenger and Sluicer were good at busting bottles. 
I became increasingly alarmed at their wild and reckless shenanigans: drinking beer, shooting out of the car, hunting out of season, bombing around downtown drunk, and much more. Ballenger's continual No Problem wasn't helping anymore. I didn't drink, and I knew it was only a matter of time until something serious happened. I didn't want any part of that. Since I didn't have a car to run around, have fun and explore, and I had to wait another six months before I qualified for a resident hunting license, I complained endlessly that they had to tone it down, cut the drinking, get a license, and follow the rules, but I continued going with them. Hell, I told them, its even hunting season now and you won't get a license. My protests and complaints fell on deaf ears and were met with derision, or the ever ready, 'No Problem.' The next season, I bought my first license and have tried to abide by the rules ever since. 
My relationship with Ballenger was short lived, because he was too out of control. He had very few friends, because he was so irresponsible, and he had been in several scrapes with the law, but his father had always gotten him out of them. Besides bombing out into the countryside with his old .22, he loved to go downtown every night cruising around in the old jalopy, drinking beer, and shouting stupid things at the girls with his big booming voice. We were amazed that someone didn't kill him, or the police didn't drag him off to jail, but he always seemed to make it home safely. The old jalopy was extra dangerous because the doors couldn't be closed securely, and, in fact, the door on Ballenger's side had to be held shut to keep it from swinging open in a right turn. That was 'No Problem' for Ballenger who, with the window rolled down, simply held it shut under his arm all the time. With a beer in his door hand and the window open to yell endlessly at everyone, he steered and shifted with the other hand. Each time he took a swig, the door opened a bit, and he had to press his elbow down to prevent it from opening completely. No problem! he would shout, and joke about how close he had come to disaster. We knew that it would be serious, but somehow it seemed like Ballenger deserved it. One day, I mentioned to Ballenger that I needed a haircut, and he said he was an excellent barber and could cut my hair, No problem. Won't cost you a thing. 
Late that afternoon, several friends gathered around as Ballenger plugged in the clippers he had borrowed. Expecting a normal haircut, I sat in a chair in front of Ballenger with a wad of old newspapers wrapped around my neck. I clutched a big mirror in my hand and watched closely, so when he touched my head gently with the clippers for the first time, and seemed to be okay, I relaxed. A clip here, a clip there, and all of a sudden, he went from the front of my head to the back and cut a big white swath down to the scalp. There I sat with a big bald stripe in the center of my head, exactly the opposite of a Mohawk style. I jumped up as soon as the shock subsided. 
What the hell did you do that for, you idiot! You freaking idiot! You don't know how to cut hair, Ballenger. He and the others were laughing so hard they couldn't even hear me. I was mad. No, that's too mild. I was furious, but what could I do. 
No Problem! Ballenger found his voice, I'll fix it. 
No! Don't touch my head. Don't touch me! I shouted. You freaking idiot. 
When the hysteria subsided, we agreed that one of the other guys would cut all of my hair off to make it even. Ballenger never stopped laughing and drinking beer through it all. That was the first and only time I have been bald.
Not long afterwards, he headed downtown, without me, I might add, to tell the world about his barbershop caper. He ran into Sluicer and they drove around laughing, shouting absurdities, and drinking beer. Finally, the fun died down and they headed home at breakneck speed in the old jalopy. Rounding the sharp corner by the old Texaco station, the door of the rickety jalopy swung wide open, this time carrying Ballenger into the street, where he lost his grip. He hit the pavement and skidded, rolled, and careened across the intersection smashing hard into the curb. When he stopped sliding and tumbling, he lay still clutching the bottle of beer in his hand. He looked up at a few surprised spectators standing nearby and shouted, Good thing I'm loose as a goose. Didn't spill a drop, did I? No Problem! 
By this time, the old jalopy had crashed into the gas pumps and stopped. Sluicer was okay and got out of the car and pretended to be a bystander, since all eyes were on Ballenger, who lay bloodied and torn from one end of his body to the other. He continued to lie beside the curb slurping his beer and looking stupid until an ambulance came and carried him to a local hospital. I saw him a few days later hobbling around bandaged from head to toe. How that idiot Ballenger had fallen out of his car, skidded across an intersection, and hadn't even spilled a drop of his beer, was the talk of the town. That day sounded the death knell for two things: the old jalopy, and my friendship with Ballenger. The next season I bought a new shotgun and continued to hunt ducks with Sluicer.
The sound of breaking sticks snapped me out of my daydreams as the two returning 'detectives' came into the 250-yard range. They weren't walking with the same jaunty gait as before and appeared disappointed. In the intervening two hours, they might have tried to climb the big rockslide I theorized. Just as quickly, I dropped that idea. They wouldn't have tried anything so strenuous. At any rate, they were passing on by, when, suddenly, I heard one say, Right here. My heart jumped, thinking they might have seen something, but settled back down quickly as the two of them sat down on a log by the trail and began to unpack snacks and a thermos. 
What a couple of nimrods, I breathed to myself. 
They sat facing away from me as they talked and ate quietly. I felt foolish being so close watching them and imagined how foolish we would all feel if they looked back and saw me. Every few minutes the forest service guy would glass up and down the trail. Judging from his paunch, he hadn't missed many coffee breaks. I burst into a silent chuckle imagining how these guys would have handled 'Rapid Robert' in the old days as I continued to size them up. They would have had their hands full. That is, if they could catch him. Just then, they stood up and started on down the trail, not even glancing in my direction. 
I elected to stay in the stand a while longer, especially when shooting broke out down in the valley. Elk, after having been scared or shot at, will leave the country. Maybe they would come my way. Another time I had caught one crossing near here an hour after shots sounded in the distance. I wasn't in any hurry to follow those guys anyway, and the morning was quiet and not too cold. My mind floated back to 'Rapid Robert.' He was a pal of Sluicer, and they had participated in high school sports together. We named him Rapid Robert not only for the hurried, supercharged, devil may care way he went at things, but also because he was fast, very fast. He had been a star in track, wrestling, and football in high school and prided himself in hurtling all the fences he encountered. As one of the local football heroes, he had enjoyed the brightest and briefest college football career in history. Being redshirted, he had missed the action his freshman year because the coaches considered him such an outstanding prospect they wanted him to be eligible for varsity football all four years. Finally, the long awaited event came and 'Rapid Robert' took to the field for his first varsity game. Taking the opening kickoff deep in his own territory, he ran like a scared jackrabbit. In fact, he ran so fast and dodged so well that he returned it all the way for a touchdown. The crowd went crazy cheering, and it looked like the coaches were right. They had themselves a super star. A short while later, his team regained possession of the ball. On the first play from scrimmage, the handoff went to 'Rapid Robert' charging through the line. When they finally arrived at the bottom of the pile, there lay 'Rapid Robert' in great pain. They carried him off on a stretcher with a broken shoulder, thus ending his football career. 
Sluicer had been a star runner in high school also, but more of the long distance type. We didn't have a bird dog in those college years and had developed the tactic of just running the pheasants down to force them into the air for a shot. As any knowledgeable pheasant hunter knows, and I was quick to learn, the majority of pheasants simply run in front of the hunters and never show themselves. Slow, overweight, out of shape hunters dont ever see the majority of birds that they encounter. But pheasants had never dealt with hunters like 'Rapid Robert' and Sluicer. Those two guys were so competitive that whenever we found a likely patch of cover, it was a race between them to see who could scare up the birds first. We were often successful with this tactic. We were our own bird dogs, and especially when a wounded rooster went down, the race was on to get there fast before he could hide. Sometimes we spotted a rooster running from the vehicle down a stubble row, and the race was really on, with the advantage going to the person on whose side the bird had appeared. Out they would vault, and I was usually left to stop a moving vehicle. One particularly memorable event occurred when 'Rapid Robert' bolted out of the driver's side in pursuit of a rooster running away from the access trail. A slight miscalculation hurtling the barbed wire fence and a barb snagged him in the crotch. The resulting collision with the ground was a sight to behold, the kind of event from which great films are made. 'Rapid Robert' did a complete somersault in the air and hit with a force magnified by the speed he had attained in that short distance. His shotgun went flying. Sluicer and I enjoyed our ringside seat. Anyone else would have required a stretcher, and even 'Rapid Robert' got up slowly, but after checking himself out for blood and broken bones, he collected his gun and sauntered back to the vehicle, somewhat embarrassed, but nothing more. 
A few days later, we were charging through a big weed patch at high speed when a rooster jumped up in front of 'Rapid Robert' and he shot before stopping completely. Hit hard, but not hard enough, the bird kept flying and flying, up and off to one side, with 'Rapid Robert' close behind running full tilt. Sluicer and I followed a ways back. We saw the bird go down behind a board fence near an old barn. We saw 'Rapid Robert' vault the board fence, and just as we arrived, he came vaulting back out with a huge sow pig in hot pursuit, while her buddy pig stood in the middle of the pen calmly chomping down 'Rapid Robert's pheasant. Trying to keep up with 'Rapid Robert's antics was great fun for a while, but they became increasingly irreverent and frightening. Sometime later, I learned he was renowned as a scrapper and many believed he was the most feared scrapper in the entire town. There were several uncomfortable situations where a new kid, wanting to flex his muscles, would stop us downtown, and off we'd go to a secluded place in the surrounding hills for a showdown. To their credit, Sluicer and 'Rapid Robert' always left the outsider to watch the vehicle, while they settled things among the locals, and they always returned unscathed. 
Sluicer was a good scrapper also, at least for a year or two. I enjoy remembering how his career ended. We had been sharing an apartment for a few months and Sluicer often went out carousing downtown with his local friends, while I studied. One night he came in late and woke me up. He needed help bandaging himself and tending to his wounds because he couldn't see. In fact, he looked like he had been through a meat grinder. His eyes were both swollen completely shut and his face was cut and bleeding everywhere. His mouth resembled more a ball of hamburger than a facial fixture. Both hands were beat up and bleeding, but the worst part was a big gash that went deep into one middle knuckle almost separating his hand into two pieces. Holding an eye open with his better hand just to assess the damage, he shouted through painful lips, Look at me! I won the fight. They carried the other guy off to the hospital. Look at me, he shouted again, I won the damned fight. That's it, I'm through with fighting. I never knew him to get into another scrape. 
When 'Rapid Robert' found a job working in a local car lot, our elk hunting adventures began. He would pick us up every morning at 4:00 a.m. in one type of new pickup or another, and he would drive screechin around the corners crazy for an hour and a half to reach a secret location deep in the mountains, where we would park and walk another mile up a small creek. As daylight came, we would glass the grassy open hillsides above for elk, which might still be out feeding. If no elk showed up after a half hour, we would hurry back down the drainage, jump in the pickup, and head back to town as fast or faster than we had come. We continued these heart stopping speedathons for over two weeks until one morning, through blowing snow, as first light illuminated the mountain side hill, we spied a large bull elk all alone still feeding out in the open. Three seconds after we opened fire he disappeared over the hill. After a difficult, perilously steep climb up out of the bottom in new snow, we found the giant 6X7 bull piled up a short ways from where he disappeared. One tug on his horns and down the steep hill he sailed. We expected him to go all the way, but when we peered over we could see him draped around a small pine tree about a hundred feet up from the bottom. The biggest tool we had was Sluicer's old military knife, so we took turns hacking at the tree and tugging on the horns. The exertion heated our blood and we stripped down until we were working in t-shirts. Finally, the tree fell and rolled to the bottom, but the big bull still hung draped around the short stump. 'Rapid Robert' began tugging feverishly on the horns. All of a sudden, the bull came loose and down he went, 'Rapid Robert' with him. What followed was a snowy, furry, blurr. Over and over they tumbled, 'Rapid Robert', the bull, the bull, 'Rapid Robert', with 'Rapid Robert' hanging onto those horns with all his strength, desperate to keep from being impaled as he rocketed down the slope. At first, we almost panicked when we couldn't see him among the snow and limbs and elk hair piled up in the bottom, but soon he moved. He was pinned under the elk, but okay, since the snow and brush had made for a soft landing. We were back in town only an hour later than usual. Because he was so old, that bull turned out to be extra tender and fine eating, and the story of Rapid Robert rolling down the hill glued to the horns for survival later became a campfire legend. 
Soon after that 'Rapid Robert' asked Sluicer and I to help him transport several cars back from Dakota. We would travel together in a big suburban, each drive a new car back, and we could hunt deer on the way. The trip over went fine. Deer were everywhere, and we each bagged at least one buck. Although the back of the new suburban was full of deer, only mine were legal. Hey you guys, where's your tags? I questioned. You didn't have an elk tag either. Now I'm riding around with a bunch of illegal deer, I told them. My protests fell on deaf ears. Sluicer even gave me a big, 'No Problem,' but it was a problem for me, and I worried the entire trip back, even though, after my insistence, the car I drove carried only my legal deer. No more, I told them. Tags are easy to get. Sometimes they will give you three. And I vowed to not let them drag me into anything like that again. 
A few days later Sluicer and 'Rapid Robert' dropped by my place. They said they were going for ducks, and, like the young idiot I was, I jumped in Sluicer's old three-hole Buick. Out in the valley, we turned off the main gravel road onto an old trail to follow along an irrigation ditch. 'Rapid Robert' opened the gate before I noticed the No Trespassing sign.
 Hey guys, we'd better not go in here. My protest fell on deaf ears as he shut the gate. We bounced up the ditch bank looking for ducks. When the going became too difficult for the old Buick, Sluicer found a place and began turning around. While we were jockeying back and forth, 'Rapid Robert' noticed a pickup speeding up the main gravel road. We watched as it pulled off where we had opened the gate.
 Rats! he snapped. Probably the farmer looking for us.
 But he's not coming in, I said. 
Most likely planning to block us in or take down the license number, he shot back.
 He's not gonna block this old Buick, Sluicer said.
 Hey! I have an idea, 'Rapid Robert' replied, opening the car door. We'll remove the license plates. In no time, the plates were off, and we were moving back down the ditch bank toward the gate, where the farmer was now obviously waiting for us. As we neared the gate, we could see that he had parked on the road virtually blocking the entrance. That was in the days before cell phones, so there he stood about 50 feet from the gate, beside his pickup, with a pad and pencil in his hand, ready to note our license plate number. We stopped. 'Rapid Robert' got out, opened the gate, and nodded to the farmer innocently, while Sluicer pulled ahead just enough to shut the opening. The farmer eyed us angrily, and as 'Rapid Robert' jumped in, Sluicer gunned the engine. The old Buick shot by the farmer throwing gravel and fishtailing back and forth as we swung past and turned down the gravel road. I watched out the back window as the farmer quickly and confidently stepped behind for a good view of the plates, his pencil and pad ready. I will never forget the expression that came on his face when there was no number for him to write. The air went out of his balloon. Even I had to laugh at that prank. 
Not even a week later, the guys passed by to go looking for ducks again. 'Rapid Robert' drove a new red Jeep from the car lot, and again I foolishly hopped in. A half hour later, we were passing through a farming area when he screeched to a halt. There, confidently strolling across a farm entrance directly in front of the house, was a brilliantly colored rooster pheasant. Before Sluicer or I could say anything, 'Rapid Robert' jerked out his 12 gauge, took aim, and fired. We sat and watched dumbfounded as he raced out to retrieve the flopping pheasant. Just then, the farmer pulled in with his pickup and cut off 'Rapid Robert's retreat. He hopped out and confronted the obviously guilty lawbreaker standing stupidly with the flopping pheasant in his hand. We could hear them talking and yelling, then 'Rapid Robert' pointed his shotgun at the farmer and said something. The farmer turned and got back in his truck and drove off toward the house. 'Rapid Robert' ran back to the jeep, jumped in, and laid rubber all the way to the blacktop. 
What the hell happened? we both asked at the same time. 
The damn farmer wanted to make a citizens arrest and take me to his house to wait for the police, he answered. 
Why'd you point your gun at him? I asked. That's a crime.
 I told him if we went to the house only one of us would make it, he answered. That's when he got back in his truck. Let's go back to town and split up. He might call the police. 
Good idea, I fired back, I don't want any part of this. 
We made it back to town in record time, and I quickly put distance between the criminal and me. We stayed friends, more or less, but I never went hunting with 'Rapid Robert' again. Sluicer went with him from time to time, and he told me about their escapades. It always amazed me that the criminal didnt end up in jail. When I ran into him years later, he was a settled down family man, an upstanding member of the community, and coaching little boys wrestling. 
The next summer, I found a good job and bought a new Volkswagen Beetle ($1995.00) in the fall before heading back to the University. Sluicer knew that hunting together was out of the question, unless he bought a license, played by the rules, and acted like a true sportsman. It hurt him, especially the duck stamp, which cost an extra six dollars, but he did it. We went on many more hunts together in my new VW. We even invented rules of our own to make it more sporting. It was strictly against the rules, for example, to ever sluice another bird, be it ducks or pheasants or huns or any such. Shooting a female pheasant or duck, even by accident, brought on a never ending stream of ridicule and ribbing. We even had cleaning contests where the one whose ducks had the most shot inside had to clean the other one's game the next time. Sluicer turned into the sportsman's sportsman in those years and we returned many times with a bag of northern greenheads or mallard drakes, which was, not only the envy of all of our hunting friends, but choice eating. Often the hunts turned into endurance tests and pure torture because on the nastiest, stormiest, snowiest, freezing winter mornings, the duck hunting was the best. On those mornings, the old style engine heater in the VW blew only cold air and we nearly froze to death. The inside floor and windows would ice up, often times to more than a half inch thick. We kept the windows rolled down and hung our heads out to see where we were going and that made it even worse. Sometimes the road became so icy and the wind blasted crosswise so fierce, it was impossible to keep the little Beetle going straight. The never ending whiteouts made seeing impossible, so we just pointed the little car in the right direction and went, since there was never anyone else so crazy as to be out bombing around in those predawn blizzards. The northern mallards were always packed in the open parts of the warm water sloughs. Only a duck could handle weather that severe, but even they would be huddled together with their heads down out of the wind. When Sluicer and I popped up out of the frozen, snowy mist and started blazing away, it came as a big surprise, and often literally hundreds of beautiful northern mallards would launch into the bitter cold air. Many times, we were back in town before noon with a week's 'groceries.' We learned to cook ducks many ways, but baked and stuffed was my favorite. I even plucked them and sold the down to a lady who made pillows, for extra spending money. 
Thinking about roast duck dinners and my grumbling stomach brought me back to reality, and I began climbing down from the treestand, once again chuckling about what those two nimrods would have done had they encountered 'Rapid Robert,' Sluicer, or Ballenger. The wind began to blow and the sky showed signs of a storm coming. Back at camp, it was evident where the two 'officials' had parked. Tracks of two vehicles indicated they weren't traveling together. They had walked around my old motor home, and one had even tried to peek in the window. Another walked around the little jeep. Their tracks were obvious in the shade where the snow hadn't melted. Probably they ran an ID on my license plates and knew my identity, a common procedure, especially if they suspected something, or, in this case, were hoping to find something. 
When I had arrived, I parked exactly in front of the Forest Service gate. The sign said, NO VEHICLES BEYOND THIS POINT, so I surmised that the road was closed, and right there on the big level spot would be the best place to set up camp. While I was parking, a Forest Service plebe stopped and objected to blocking the gate. I told him we had been camping in that exact place for many years, and now they had erected a gate to keep vehicles out, which was good, but it also indicated they planned to log our hunting area and that was bad. I told him my old motor home had just made its first trip over thirty miles in from the pavement, and the safest place to park was right where we had always camped before they constructed the gate. The sign was clear, and I wouldn't be blocking anyone because no one was allowed to enter. We had a somewhat heated exchange, where it was obvious he was looking for any logical reason why I shouldn't park in front of the gate. Finally, we settled on me squeezing off to one side a bit, so another vehicle might pass in case they needed to make an emergency snow rescue or something. I told him that to move me any further, he needed to bring his boss and a copy of the regulation, which I was breaking. After all, the forest was public land and they were just managing it, and areas behind the gates certainly shouldn't be treated or viewed as their private playgrounds. Long ago, my father had told me to never kick a skunk in the ass, and that was why the 'officials' had paid me a visit. Anyway, they hadn't left a note, so they'd be back.   
With a growing sense of excitement, I approached the bottom of the tree the next morning. Three inches of new snow covered the ground and the air felt crisp and cold. I buckled my safety strap and settled onto the seat trying to relax and control my breathing from the climb since daylight would be illuminating the clearing soon, and I needed to be calm and alert. There had been many mornings like this. After walking up through the forest in the frosty, pre-dawn mountain air, I could easily become drowsy once I sat down and the exertion ended. But not this morning, I made myself a promise to stay alert. Many times in the past, it had taken a squirrel chattering or a stick falling to jar me back to consciousness at first light. One time I awoke to find eight elk, cows and calves, milling around under me, and all I could do was watch, since I only had a permit for one with horns. But that wasn't as bad as falling asleep and plunging down from the stand, which had happened to one of Wild Bill's clients over in the breaks. They were whitetail deer hunting from board platforms nailed in the crotches of cottonwood trees 10 to 12 feet high. Wild Bill had a string of these stands overlooking expanses of alfalfa and sugar beet fields along the river, and every morning he would drive along the edge of the fields well before daylight and drop off the clients one by one, more or less a quarter mile apart. That fateful morning, when the dude began yelling for help, he was fortunate another dude was not far away. A gruesome scene greeted the rescuers when they arrived. The hunter had dozed off, pitched forward in a headfirst dive, and the safety rope had slipped down over his humpty dumpty body as he fell, finally tightening on his feet. He hadn't actually hit the ground, stopping mere inches short, and there he hung like a bungee jumper. Making matters worse and more dangerous, his rifle had fallen in front of him with the butt contacting the ground first propelling the barrel back up like a spear. The momentum had inserted the barrel inside his coat all the way to his waist. Blood flowed from a big gash in his face where the scope had slashed through in passing. He hung suspended, groaning, and bleeding profusely, with no possibility of reaching the noose around his feet or cutting himself down. Luckily, the rifle wasn't damaged and hadn't discharged, but the scope had been ruined from plowing through his face. A doctor patched him up at the local clinic. Twenty stitches in his face, bandages on his barrel burns, and he returned to hunt the next day. I laughed about his rude awakening as I dozed. 
A few minutes later, it was my turn for a rude awakening, but slightly different, as my binoculars fell out of my hand and clunked into my knee. I relaxed once I realized daylight was still a few minutes away and resumed glassing around the clearing. Toward the top, the glow from a gradually lightening sky illuminated the clearing more, and several shapes began to take form, though indistinguishable. Several minutes remained before good shooting light. In dim pre-dawn haze, its amazing how much you can see through a good set of binoculars. Up in the high west corner of the clearing two dark spots began to appear. I hadn't noticed them before, but they could only be more small Christmas trees, which peppered the clearing and grew larger each year. I focused intently on them for several minutes, trying to make out an animal form. Suddenly, one of them changed position. I snapped to full alert. Then they both moved. Hurry, light, I muttered under my breath. I need to see horns. Slowly, agonizingly slowly, the vision improved revealing two elk-sized bodies and the real possibility they were bulls, since cows and calves would be different sizes or more numerous. These seemed to be the same size. Finally, a movement above the head on one indicated the presence of horns, and because I noticed him first, I assumed he was the biggest. Then movement appeared above the other one. That was enough. Shooting light had arrived. I grabbed the pole leaning in front and leveled the rifle. When the crosshairs of the scope lined up perfectly on the biggest one, I paused a second, calculating because of the extreme distance, then raised them to the top of his back. The muzzle blast exploded the quiet calm of the mountain morning, and the recoil threw my vision out of alignment, but I heard a telltale 'whump.' In an instant, I bolted another shell into the chamber and hurriedly realigned the scope to see what had happened. One elk could be seen running into the trees, but the other one was down. All of a sudden, he struggled to his feet, and the rifle blasted again. As I heard another 'whump, he turned around and staggered back into the lodgepoles. Every time he showed himself, the rifle blasted again. Whirlwind action, five shots, and in 20 seconds all was quiet. The mountain morning resumed. I sat a few minutes intently glassing into the trees looking for any movement. Wow, I muttered. That was a rush. He must have been 400 yards away. 
Maybe my neighbors, the chattering pine squirrels, thought I was just another squirrel, and a huge one, as I scrambled down the tree in a state of frenzy. I hit the ground running. The mad dash continued until I had to stop and catch my breath. The 6000-foot altitude felt like Mt. Everest. Six rest stops and an eternity later, the small pine trees appeared ahead. The snow recorded the whole struggle, in red and white, where he went down after being hit, his staggering around, and the tracks back into the trees. The trail led me, rifle ready and creeping slowly, up and around and back down about 100 yards, until a furry hump with huge horns materialized behind a jumble of logs. Only a select few people in the world know the feeling of triumph and elation, which engulfed me as I held those two great horns in my hands the first time. I sat my camera on a nearby stump and triggered the self-timer many times to record the event. This was the ultimate 'Rocky Mountain High,' and the photos later captured the emotion of the moment. The euphoria soon waned, though, as the work began. Moving a large animal is difficult under any circumstances, but even more so in the forest with sticks and stumps blocking every effort. After removing many impediments, a herculean effort was required to roll him over where I propped the body upright with dead branches and sticks and began stringing rope. With all four legs tied off to several nearby trees, so that he lay on his back, I carefully opened the body cavity. After thoroughly cleaning the inside, removing heart, lungs, stomach, and intestines, and propping the body up to cool, I headed back to camp. Heavy equipment would needed to retrieve the big six pointer, normally a task better suited for two horses and three men. Alone, its almost impossible, especially without cutting the carcass into small pieces and making numerous trips, unless, of course, youre experienced and prepared. Round trip took over an hour, and I arrived back at the kill site pulling my homemade two-wheeled game cart. Along with a one ton hand winch and much tugging and pushing, the big bull elk slid slowly onto the cart frame in one piece. After much more tugging and pushing, plus clearing out numerous obstacles blocking the path, an hour later found the elk, the cart, and me arriving down at the main forest trail near the treestand, a grueling, circuitous journey of nearly 500 yards. The remaining two-mile trip to camp went much faster and easier, since the open trail ran either level or downhill. When the cart finally rolled under the steel gate, I was wringing wet from sweating and down to my t-shirt, even though the temperature hovered around 12F. 
At 10:30 a.m., while I ratcheted the 6X6 bull up into a tree to finish cooling out, up drove the same game warden, accompanied by the paunchy forest service official. They got out rather quickly and perfunctorily and walked over to inspect the situation. At the same time the game warden asked to see my hunting license, he received a call on his radio and stepped back to respond. Motioning the forest service guy back into the pickup before getting in himself, he turned to address me. We'll be back, he said, giving me a stern look. With that, they sped off, not having seen my hunting license or the elk tag, which I had dutifully attached to the horns with about 200 wraps of black plastic plumbers tape. 
The weather had turned colder and more threatening and I said to myself, Well, maybe I won't be here. It was a no brainer decision to pack up and head home. I had my game, and the last thing I wanted was to be snowed in 32 miles from the main road. I also thought it would be quite humorous if the two sleuths came back and found me gone. Pulling the big bull up into the jeep was a bit of a chore and would have been impossible without the hand winch. But soon he was inside and the two vehicles were turned around, hooked up, and ready to go. With the motor running, I took one last check around for trash or anything else they could use against me. I wish I could leave them a small surprise, or gesture of friendship, I mumbled to myself. It looks as if I'm running away. I know they'll open the gate and drive back up the blood trail looking for evidence. My glance went to the gate and continued along its length to the Forest Service lock, tightly closed and secure under its very own little metal roof. Hmm, I muttered. I know what Roland would do. With that, I walked over, tilted the keyhole up, and unzipped my pants. 
Cruising down the road a while later with a grand trophy decorating the back of the jeep, I burst out laughing thinking about the frozen lock. I reached over and inserted a John Denver tape in the old eight-track tape player. Rocky Mountain High, Rocky Mountain Hiiiigh, I sang along. No Problem! I shouted, and there wasn't, and it felt sooo good.   




### END ###


WATCHING A CROWD

Look at the crowd, look for awhile, look at them dancing in the latest style.
Shadows in the night swinging to and fro, as in Africa, a long time ago.

Almost in a frenzy they wiggle and shout, that's prehistoric without a doubt.
Now let's look at the people that come, to sway to the rhythm and beat of a drum.

There's ole Bess, she's here again, to dance and look for a friend.
Much more than a friend though she'd never admit, even more than she knows, I'm sure of it.

Here's George who doesn't like to drink alone, most likely has a wife and kids at home.
He's got a problem that drink makes dim. Ah . . . there's so many like him.

There! With the fancy headdress and painted face, that's Linda, doesn't she look out of place?
She wants your attention, but I can tell, she's lost and alone, alive in a shell.

And Billy there, he's a has been now, maybe he never was anyhow.
He's lived fast and hard, without care for his own. Now he's reaping the seeds he has sown.

Another gal that you always see, you may know her, too; her name is Dee.
She comes to dance and display her wares, to turn men's heads and attract their stares.

I see Gary over there near the wall. He so vain he tops them all.
Always a drink in his hand and looking cool, I don't know about you, but I think he's a fool.

And Josie there with the typical wiggle, she comes to dance and giggle.
She comes here often and is well known. She's here to keep from being alone.

And good time Charlie, though his name is Joe. Tis a pity how people use him so.
A clown and a dupe but I think highly of him. All he wants is to be everyone's friend.

In the middle of the floor, Sandy's her name. No matter her partner, he's never the same.
In her frenzy and zeal she's beginning to sweat, though she doesn't quite have herself worked up yet.

And poor Herb's wife got him out tonight. Guess it's better than having a fight.
While she wiggles and wobbles uncontrollably, Herb just fidgets and follows uncomfortably.

They've all gathered here for different reasons. The numbers vary with the sun and the seasons.
Some find solace, while others never do. And me? Oh, I came to savor the view.




 IT'S IN THE CELLS



 I've had so many wonderful and unforgettable experiences, camping, hunting, fishing, or just traveling in the outdoors. A great many of those adventures have become interesting stories themselves, but what occurred on a stormy October morning in a remote part of mountainous pine covered forest can only be described as one of those unique, indelible, life-changing, and sacred experiences, which happen all too seldom in a lifetime. 
In late October, I usually made my annual journey to the Big Sky Country for big game hunting. Even after 15 consecutive years, I still looked forward to each new season with ever-increasing enthusiasm, and I remember this season as no exception. I had been planning and preparing ever since the preceding one had ended. Now the pickup was packed and rolling down the road more than 70 MPH, headed toward hunting country again. After being on the road four hours, the end of my journey lay in sight. Crossing the last high mountain pass, I entered the Big Sky Country for another outdoor adventure and luxuriated in a wonderful state of anticipation and euphoria. Any fellow outdoorsman knows the quiet, through to the bone, thrill you feel when you are traveling in your favorite country going toward the special area you call your hunting spot. 
The Big Sky Country is quite a unique and picturesque area. In the fall, once tall, luxurious, green grass, has dried and turned to a light golden brown, which covers the high, open, rolling hills as they lift up toward green forested, snow capped mountains. Stretching in a large circular arc, this ring of high, forested mountains surrounds a broad flat valley, forming a gigantic bowl, which comprises the unique outdoor area known as the Big Sky Country. No town with more than one hundred residents can be found for over a hundred miles in any direction and the few people who live here are mostly confined to large ranches located on the valley floor, or in the mouth of drainages leading up into the hills. Cattle can always be seen grazing on the rolling slopes, high above the valley floor, until, finally, the winter snows force them into the winter-feeding areas. Because the area is known for deep snow and bitterly cold temperatures, the higher timbered mountain areas remain largely undisturbed wild lands and home to a great many wild creatures, large and small. Technically though, this area has never been designated a wilderness and protected, but, except for a few new logging roads winding through the mountains, you would not be aware of that fact when you roam through the green, pine-covered expanse. 
From a high vantage point, miles and miles of thick lodgepole forests stretch in every direction, interrupted only by an occasional opening, representing a high mountain meadow, or more recently, the scar of a logging clear-cut. Visitors to this gigantic green expanse are immediately impressed by its tranquility and peacefulness. Although the logging activity increases every year, it was hardly in evidence 20 years before, when I'd chosen the Big Sky Country as my hunting grounds. Unfortunately, nowadays, the roar of a chain saw or the far off rumble of a logging truck often interrupts the tranquility.
This particular year, I planned to arrive four days early, in order to leisurely set up camp, scout for game, and completely enjoy the anticipation of the uplifting and exhilarating experiences to come. After a quick pit stop in the little town of Stonewall, itself a reminder of past rendezvous and adventures with the old hunting crew, another hour found me winding my way back into the wilderness far from the main highway. Finally, I arrived at my favorite camping spot and stepped out to look around and breathe in the sweet forest air. The first deep breath here is always the best. I mused, as I listened to the soft breeze in the trees overhead and smiled at the faint gurgle of the tumbling spring nearby. A tree had recently fallen across the sleeping area and two huge mounds of pinecones occupied the cooking area, thanks to the ever-present pine squirrels, but other than that, the area was about the same as when I had left last year. After briefly looking around and sizing up the situation, I started to work, now in a hurry to erect a comfortable, dry place to sleep and cook supper before dark. Many camp chores could wait until tomorrow, but tonight, relaxing and enjoying the first evening in camp took top priority. After a scrumptious dinner of elk steak and fried spuds, I carried in a container of fresh spring water. When the dishes were washed and put away, it was time to build a campfire outside the tent. With plenty of dead branches on all sides, the fire soon roared to life, and I sat back on one of the old tree stumps to stare dreamily into the hypnotically undulating flames for the remainder of the evening. 
I remained in camp mode two more days, relaxing, unwinding, gathering firewood, and making improvements until I was satisfied. I doubly enjoyed working in the crisp, pine-scented mountain air and savored each chore as it was completed. Even though the weather remained mild and sunny, and no immediate storms were predicted, I knew it could change drastically and wanted to be prepared for the worst. Oftentimes, we had experienced a foot of new snow overnight, and once, three feet of snow had collapsed the tent on top of Basketti, Urban and I. While the cold during a big snowstorm may not be too extreme, the temperature afterwards often plummets well below zero and blizzards conditions set in. Changing from one balmy, partly cloudy, 30-35F. degree day, to 10 or 20F below zero the next, with a foot of new snow, can be slightly disconcerting when you're living in a tent deep in the forest, miles and miles from anywhere. Once it had dropped to 20 below zero, while we were camped here. The tent stove isn't much consolation when you have to search for firewood under those conditions. I wasn't about to allow the weather or another problem to spoil my outdoor experience if I could help it. The large wall tent was solidly propped up and well anchored down, topped off with a sheltered cooking area off to one side. Pine boughs covered a makeshift toilet hidden back in the woods a short distance away. With a large stack of firewood cut and safely covered with a plastic tarp, in case of snow or rain, and several 5 gallon jugs of water stowed away inside the tent, camp chores were close to being finished, and I looked forward to the first trip up the trail exploring and looking for signs of game. Just one day remained before the season opened, and I would need to get an early start the next morning in order to explore the area and locate the treestand properly. I needed to be ready for the next evening when the Macaronis would be arriving to join me for opening day. That evening, after a couple of delicious elk burgers cooked over an open fire, I turned in early. With a gentle wind whispering through the branches overhead and the far off howling of a lonely coyote, sleep wasn't long in coming. 
The excitement of the day to come woke me at daylight. When the season begins, I would be long gone by this time, but this morning I wanted to examine everything in the daylight, so I delayed, lazily luxuriating on the cot. Between the five inch foam rubber mattress and the coziness of the my new sleeping bag, with its eight inch loft of prime northern goose down, I was as comfortable, warm, and secure, as if I was in a five star hotel. Dreamily, I reflected upon the many wonderful nights spent here in the mountains, and the many exciting adventures, the wild antics, and great camaraderie shared with the unforgettable characters who had graced these hunting camps with their presence over the years. I thought about Aldershot, the paraphernalia man, and remembered all of the new camping and hunting gadgets he would bring to camp every year. There was Basketti, who bought everyone's used equipment. I remembered how we always gathered around when he dressed his game, to laugh and watch him vomit. Shifty Basin, the gas master, ate continuously and had to hold his breath on both ends to shoot, and Willie Urban the borrowed rifleman, who once killed an elk with a .357 magnum caliber rifle he had never fired before that day. There was Wild Bill Black the outfitter, with his bag of dude tricks, and you always knew Boyd Thomas, the rancher, was around, by the yellow BT sprayed in the snow. I smiled remembering Macaroni and his wife Mandy, originator of the 400-yard noise. They would show up later in the evening. And I thought about my son learning his outdoor skills in these mountains, and how, at first, he couldn't understand why we worked so hard and trudged through knee-deep snow in punishingly cold weather pursuing those elusive four-legged creatures. When he bagged his first one though, his attitude changed, and we couldn't keep up with him. Endless images of elk flashed through my mind, some just lying in the snow, others walking, running, or suddenly appearing, then vanishing. Those wonderful, wild, uncannily intelligent elk, Wapiti of the mountains, which had provided us with so many joyous, grueling hours of pursuit, including the few who finally decided to give up the chase and provide us with delicious table fare in the off season. 
I didn't need to think much about elk for my blood to begin pumping, so I pulled my clothes into the sleeping bag with me for a few minutes to warm them before dressing. After I was nearly dressed, I unzipped the bag and rolled into the crisp morning air. It wasn't so cold once I became active, and I busied myself with getting breakfast, and tidying up camp. When the treestand and gear had been gathered up and tucked inside, I shouldered the packsack. Although dawn broke clear and cool, it had warmed considerably. Gonna be too warm, I muttered as I started up the trail. Too warm for good elk hunting. We need snow. I said out loud, looking up at the bright blue sky. Just putting in my order, Big Fella, I continued as I moved along, carefully and quietly, enjoying the smell of the forest and the feeling of freedom and oneness with nature, but trying to see and be aware of every sign of activity, past and present, around me as I went. It would change after several miles, but my heavy pack still felt light on my back, and I stopped often to check the distance ahead through the binoculars. I wanted to see everything before being seen. I was the explorer, the investigator, the locator, this morning. I was aware of the little things: different smells along the way, which way the wind was blowing, a new game trail branching off, the different game tracks here and there, and the freshness of different droppings in the trail. Gliding slowly and discreetly in my forest camouflage, I cussed under my breadth at the constant chattering and scolding of the pine squirrels as they betrayed my presence, squirrel to squirrel to squirrel, as I moved along the track. 
After about a mile, I stopped to catch my breadth. I thought about the vitalization from being out of breath, and how wonderful my body always feels warmed up by walking and exercising in the clean, crisp, morning mountain air, with joints and muscles moving freely and in unison. I repeated once again what I'd said to myself a thousand times before after a period of invigorating exercise, I should do more of this. 
Immediately ahead, I recognized signs of the first clearing, distant openings showing through the trees, since I had been there many times before. After a careful approach revealed nothing, I took a few minutes to check around the clearing for elk sign. Although there wasn't anything fresh, I had always liked this clearing and had been lucky here over the years. Out near the center, I'd scored on a spike elk from my treestand last year. If nothing further on changed my mind, I decided to return and look for a tall, strategically located tree near the bottom edge in which to set up this year. For now, I moved on, taking in all the sign, or absence of it, and the general appearance of things, as I went. Those little Christmas trees are sure growing. One day this wont be a clearing any more. Gosh, there had to have been a big wind here to blow down so many trees. Looks like a bear demolished that old rotten log. Not much elk sign anywhere. Damn! What a bumper crop of pine squirrels this year, I remember mumbling as I pushed on, hoping to find an area that had seen recent use. 
A while later, I began to see another lighter area in the forest ahead, indicating the second opening at the end of the trail. I approached slowly and carefully, still gliding silently and inconspicuously in the nearly invisible camouflage, but stopping often to peer through the trees at different parts of the opening as they became visible. As I approached, I hoped to see some animal before it saw me. Finally, I arrived at a small clump of fallen and partly decomposed logs just above the trail and sat down between two logs to watch and rest awhile. Here I could remain hidden, blending in with the surroundings with a commanding view of the opening, without revealing my presence. Confident in my camouflage and in disappearing among the surroundings, I remembered sitting in this exact position two years before when another hunter crept up to stand beside this same backrest, barely six feet away. The breeze had muffled his footsteps and I had been concentrating on the opening and hadn't noticed him coming through the trees from behind, until he was 50 yards away, so I had decided to see how close he would come before seeing me. At fifteen feet, I became alarmed and whistled softly, but he only looked curiously in my direction and kept coming. I whistled again as he leaned his rifle against my log, and he did a complete 180 looking for the source of the whistle. When I moved and whispered, Hey, he was so startled he nearly fell down, which gave me a wee thrill. But I almost had a heart attack victim on my hands, as the surprised hunter stared at me in disbelief. That was the last time I played the camouflage surprise game, but I smiled to myself now, as I remembered the near fatal encounter. 
Often, I have returned to sit and rest in this same spot on the clearing's edge. It provides an excellent vantage point, and a clear view for nearly a quarter mile in three directions. Most of the clearing lies on a gentle slope on the north side of the mountain, but it turns to steep and straight up, as it narrows into a large rockslide, which extends another 400 yards to the top of the mountain. Over the years, I've logged many breathless moments watching elk, deer, moose, and coyotes in this opening, and later spent many more breathless moments struggling to climb the rockslide. In the years before my treestand, I had used the rockslide as a way to silently reach the top, where I would hunt the other side and then make a big sweep back through the forest to camp. However, after two elk kills on the other side of the mountain and the ensuing tortuous ordeal of packing them out, I cured myself of that strategy, and began searching for an easier way. Then after helping Wild Bill disperse clients onto low Cottonwood platforms along the big river, the treestand idea was born. These days I still climb the rockslide, but only for the exercise, to enjoy the view, and to warm up after a long cold morning sitting high in the trees. 
The cold in the shadows began to overcome the warmth Id built up from the mornings exercise, compelling me to grab a log and begin to pull myself up out of my comfortable position. As I made it to one knee, a movement caught my eye near the lower corner of the opening. A cow moose and her calf stepped out and began grazing along the bottom edge as I eased back down to watch. They ambled along nonchalantly nipping small brush tips, not having any idea that they could be in any danger. Of course, they werent, not from me, or any hunters later, since only a few moose permits were given for this area and none for cows or calves. I waited until they disappeared into the brush at the far corner before pulling myself up again.
This morning, I had a more pressing agenda than just exercising and watching moose, so, after examining the many game trails converging in the opening, I concluded the elk weren't using this area much. In fact, they weren't using any area where I'd been. I was now four miles from camp and afternoon was fast approaching, so I headed back down the trail toward the first opening. I needed to find that special tree where I could place my treestand and have a commanding view of the entire area, yet be back enough to be camouflaged among the limbs and not stick out in the wind. When I arrived, I calmly went around the clearing interviewing each tree. Lodgepole pines by nature are tall, straight, and without limbs for at least the first 20-25 feet. Thats the reason for their name, since the small ones were much sought after by the early Indians for poles to construct their teepees or lodges. Finally, I selected a large round one over 12 inches thick at the base, near the middle of the opening on the bottom edge. It stood amongst a cluster of other trees, but none blocked the view of the clearing, and strong limbs started at about 25 feet. 
Installing a high treestand is a tricky and fatiguing business. Properly located, it can be the difference between success or failure, and safety, or a catastrophic fall. Standing on a small log at the base of the selected tree, I screwed the first steel step into one side of the tree, 30 inches high, and started up, standing on one step to install the next on the other side. Working slowly and deliberately, I went up the tree step-by-step, side-to-side, 30 inches at a time, pulling a small cord with me, which was attached to the stand, still lying on the ground. When I made it into the limbs, I used them also as steps as I needed. At 35 feet, a limb-free area on the trunk appeared where the stand could be attached, so I began to pull it up. I always like to be high in the tree for a better view, and here the tree trunk was still more than eight inches in diameter and plenty strong, so I fastened the chain, seated the stand into position, and tested it with part of my weight. When all checked out okay, I climbed onto the seat to rest, since my legs were in danger of giving out. 
This would be my fourth year using a treestand to hunt elk and every hunting expert will tell you it is not a common practice, and therefore few how to-dos and do-nots have been written. But I can tell you that treestands for elk in the mountains are not remotely similar to treestands for whitetail deer in the lowlands. Perhaps the biggest difference is in the temperatures. The crisp winter mornings can be incredibly cold. And on several occasions, I've endured many hours seated high in a tree with temperatures 10 to 20 below zero, often with a breeze. Not at all like going for whitetails in, say, Alabama, in a camouflage T-shirt. Then again, shivering is quite different from sweating, just as The Big Sky Country isn't anything like Alabama, Missouri, etc, and elk aren't anything like whitetails. 
Elk may actually frequent certain general areas, which means they might pass through once every two weeks or so, but they seldom use the same route coming and going like whitetails, and you need to cover a much larger area. A treestand can be advantageous for this, but you must be high off of the ground in order to have a commanding view out to 300 yards or more. Its also necessary to be well camouflaged and blend in with the limbs as often game can be uphill and virtually on the same level. Also, elk do look up. The wind blows often in the mountains in winter, and being back out of the wind definitely has advantages. First, its much warmer, and second the tree doesn't move so much, and, as anyone can imagine, its difficult to shoot from a moving tree. For the latter, I always add some type of shooting rest, most generally another long, thin lodgepole extending three or four feet above the seat, leaned up against the stand, so that I can move it around as I need. This pole can have branches, as long as they don't block the sighting area. Extra branches serve to add camouflage and more protection from the wind. If everything is set up well, if you have a good location, and if you can endure the elements and spend enough hours waiting high in a tree, this system will reward your perseverance. Many people thought I was crazy at first going after elk from a treestand, but my continued success made believers out of most of them. 
Now, everything looked good from this setup. I'd chosen well. I could see to the farthest reaches at the top of the opening and cover more than 300 yards in the other two directions, including up and around a small hill. Seated in the stand, I had a favorable view of the whole area and could even see well into the trees behind and below the stand. After putting the finishing touches on the seating area, knocking off a few noisy dead limbs, sawing off a stub in my back, bending a few branches out of my view, and attaching the ever important safety strap, I started back down checking and securing the steps as I went. I added a better stump at the base to make the first step easier, and went looking for a shooting rest. After cutting a tall skinny tree nearby, I muscled it into place, leaning it against the stand. It extended past the seat another eight feet and sported several limbs, which I could later use as a rest. The setup was complete, and I started back to camp with that special air of confidence that only comes before the season begins. 
Later that evening, old friends, the Macaroni's, arrived. They were excited about the prospects of the season opening next morning, but somewhat disappointed in the warm, sunny weather and the dry, noisy woods. We ate a spaghetti dinner made with elk burger and sat around reminiscing over a bottle of wine and discussing the prospects for the next day. Mandy showed off her new super warm, felt lined pacs and I chuckled to myself while examining them because they were pink. Do you think the color will make any difference? she asked, knowing my answer, but hoping I would say no. 
Ike worried about the weight they'd both gained and being out of shape. How much hiking is involved? Do we need to climb any mountains? he asked. 
No problem, there's only a four mile walk to the clearing you're going to cover, but the trail is open with only an easy twelve per cent grade all the way. A cow and calf moose were poking around there today. You can take your time and go slow, I replied, biting my tongue. There's just a small rock slide at the end to finish off your hunt. After you're tired of sitting in your nook by the old downfall, of course. 
The talk drifted from one subject to another. Soon, the combination of work and fresh air for me, and the long drive for them, plus the wine, had us stacking the zz's. 
With the excitement of the coming day, we were up and out early, and I sat in my treestand an hour before daylight listening to Ike and Mandy trudging up the trail. I could hear Mandy's boots to the end of the clearing, at least 300 yards. Luckily, the squirrels were still sleeping. 
Mandy Macaroni finally caused me to formally recognize the different levels of expertise in the 'Yard Noise' later that season, when I was reminded of her pink felt-lined pacs disappearing in the distance, beating to the rhythm of the 400 Yard Noise again, as she made her way up the trail in what was once pre-dawn stillness. 
My father originally initiated me into the rigors of the 'Yard Noise' around the age of 14 when I learned to hunt squirrels. Every time I stepped on a stick or scuffed my feet, he would hiss, Squirrels can hear your noise for a hundred yards. When I stopped out in the open, he would grab me and pull me behind a tree with him. Silly me, at that time, I thought the object was only not to make any noise, but later in life I witnessed everyone making as much noise as possible. 
In fact, the 'Yard Noise' is often done best to the stillness and tranquility that occurs in nature. My hunting partners and I have been doing the 'Yard Noise' for years, and, unlike other things, we seem to be getting better with age. It goes that way with the 'Yard Noise.' Experience counts far more than physical ability. The Yard Noise has a vast audience also, real fans of the competition. Fans who appreciate the extra effort and exertion outdoorsmen put out on their behalf. These are all the wild animals listening for our approach, particularly the elk and deer and bear. They appreciate it so much when the 'Yard Noise' level increases that they give us a standing ovation as they flee for their lives. Years of dealing with the 'Yard Noise' and my frustration with fellow outdoorsmen had awakened an awareness in me, and afterwards, remembrances of Mandy interspersed with many hours of treestand reflections, spurred me to officially evaluate the competition taking place. I began to crown the champion each year in a campfire legend session.
I chuckled to myself as the morning returned to normal.
After a few minutes of suffering from the cold, the sky dawned clear and sunny and soon warmed the surrounding landscape. The forest floor became dry and noisy once again, and after two and a half hours of sitting with nothing happening, I decided to climb down and check on the Macaronis. Thirty minutes and thirty pine squirrels later, I found them shivering in the shadows under the logs, peering out at the opening. 
Anything happening? I asked 
Nothing, they whispered. You?
Only a million pine squirrels. Come on, its such a good day, let's go climbing, I said, pointing to the rockslide. There's a great view on top and another meadow on the other side. I can guarantee you that you'll be warm when you reach the summit. 
We saw nothing more the remainder of the day and returned to camp for another great dinner, and, after listening to more tall tales around the campfire and the coyotes in the distance, we turned in early. 
The next day was virtually the same. Nothing showed itself, and we found no fresh sign. The woods continued crunchy and loud, and a million pine squirrels frustrated us by giving warning to everything within earshot. The Macaroni's left that evening, planning to return the next weekend, and this time they promised, We really will climb the rockslide. 
The following day was a repeat of the first two for me. I sat another morning and evening in the warm sunlight on the treestand, but nothing showed, and I returned to camp wondering if maybe I should give it a weeks rest also. 
Late that night the weather began to change. Clouds started rolling in, the sky darkened, and the wind started to blow. The breeze continued warm, but the forecast was far different and more promising. 
With much of the pre-season optimism returning, I climbed into my treestand well before daylight the next morning. A snowy, misty, sometimes mysteriously balmy wind gusted strong as I slipped on the safety strap and leaned back against the swaying tree. The position quickly relaxed me, and, as usual, I began to drift off into the normal pre-dawn contemplative state. But things were different this morning, ominous, and at the same time exciting. I had never experienced wind so fierce and blustery, and I could hear southbound geese and ducks honking and quacking overhead. 
I don't remember daylight ever coming. The wind blew in great grey, sweeping gusts, and I became absorbed in the swaying of the forest around me, the howling of the wind, and the cries of wild birds overhead in the murkiness. One second the sounds were magnified and the next they disappeared, only to burst through seconds later. The streaking gray skies with dingy clouds poured by me down low, seemingly just over my head. Flights upon flights of invisible geese went honking by, followed by ghostly, murky blobs full of quacking ducks. Thousands of wings beating an ageless rhythm enveloped my swaying body. The sky hung close, smudgy and shadowy, and my eyes followed the different shapes, resembling charcoal wisps of wildfowl as they sailed by. And the geese were way down low and honking so close and loud it seemed like I was among them as they passed in large and small flocks or frantically honking singles. The wind gusts whistling through the branches, the waves of honks and quacks around me, and the rhythmic swaying to and fro held me intoxicated. I sat enthralled and enchanted. I was thrilled through to my inner being, and I felt connected to the elements, a part of the natural order. I had spent other mornings swaying in the wind in predawn light, but not like this. Never had so much elemental nature converged around me and assaulted my senses. My brain vacated its usual state, and the gusts blew reality into the far reaches of my consciousness. The peculiar combination in the air created a backdrop of ghostly images. The murky sky, the flowing clouds, the flapping wildfowl wings, and the trees all around me undulating in response to the wind whipping and gusting through caused my mind to whirr out of control. Instead of interrupting, the winds brief sudden calms only added to the unearthly atmosphere, before fiercely resuming. I began reflecting. I began remembering. I began hearkening back to other times. 
On my treestand over the years, I've spent a lot of time remembering. I've done a heap of thinking. I've solved little problems. I've solved world problems. I've laughed as I remembered the antics in hunting camp of Basketti and Aldershot and Shifty Basin. But this morning was entirely different. It was so unique, so special, so incredible, and so surreal. I had no control over my mind and the sensations invading my cerebrum. Those clouds sailing by so close, the wind racing through and around the earth, and the geese honking overhead in wave after wave held me in a trance. I sat lifeless, totally out of control. I wasn't an elk hunter swaying in a homemade treestand anymore. I became a plethora of murky memories swirling in and out of my consciousness. Tears came to my eyes as I realized how endless and wonderful all nature was, and, how close to creation I felt. Somehow, from within my mind, an image emerged of a dirty, longhaired boy, dressed in skins, running along the top of a long, open hill in the wind. And angry grey clouds flew by over his head, cloud upon cloud, and they were low down and close on the hill, and interspersed in the wind and clouds, wave upon wave of wildfowl blew by on all sides. The boy ran and jumped high in the air as he raced to climb higher and higher and get closer and closer to the sky. His arms were outstretched and he leaped as he ran trying to grab the passing birds out of the air. And the boy raced on, and the clouds sailed on, and the geese flew on, and the picture rolled on and on before me, or in me, like on a TV screen, and I couldn't separate what was actually happening around me from what I was seeing in my mind. As the picture continued, I was thrilled and thrilled and thrilled. Exhilaration upon exhilaration pulsed through my being as I realized that I had dreamed this same dream many times before ever since I was a little boy, and the combination of wind and clouds and sounds all coming together so hypnotically this morning brought those forgotten dreams of my youth, and deep-seated memories of other times gone by, to full consciousness. I reveled in the knowledge that began awakening in me, and I became joyous at the hidden memories emerging, and my body shook and shuddered and streams of tears flowed down my cold cheeks as I realized that I was the boy in my dreams. I was that boy of long, long ago. I ran up the hills in the stormy winds to touch the sky and catch the geese. It was I, who was wild once and one with nature, and that it was now I, who was finally in touch with those sub-conscious memories. Many times before, I had tried to connect with this boy and this time and failed, as is so often the case with dreams that come and go so fleetingly. Amazing as it sounds, I had bridged the gap between my conscious and sub-conscious mind. 
I don't know how long it lasted, or when daylight came, but slowly, hesitatingly, I floated back to reality in a total state of elation. I realized then why the thrill and appreciation of the outdoors went to the depths of my soul. I understood then and there why I had such a strong feeling for and an attachment to the land and the forests and the wildlife, and why they were always so important to me. I knew then why the outdoors and nature, the hunting, the fishing, those mountains and rivers and lakes, had such a grip on me, and why my love of the outdoors went so deep. It is a part of me from my creation, and I am a part of it. I had just had that rarest of rare opportunities to connect with the core of my being and see it clearly in conscious reality. Its in the memory of the cells, I murmured, and so it must be, to a greater or lesser degree, within every living person. The type and strength of the memory dictates the person. 
Whether that special combination of events would ever occur to reveal hidden memories for another person, I couldn't say. But I thought then, that whether you feel them or not, nature's memories lie buried within everyone. Fellow outdoorsmen just feel them more, I muttered. Sure, we all like to have successful trips for whatever game we're seeking. That's part of it, but the feeling for the nature of things is why we seek the outdoors. It can be the little things, the sunlight in the trees, the scent of the forest, the sounds of bubbling water, the sight of wild creatures, etc., etc., and, of course, the spell of wispy, grey clouds full of geese blasting by, which makes our outdoor experiences so grand. I'll get my elk next time, I said out loud, rising from my seat. I've had my thrill today. 
No drug on earth could have gotten me as high as I had just been. Ten elk walking under my tree couldn't have been more exciting. I descended the tree slowly savoring each step. When I arrived at the bottom, I took in a deep pine smelling breath of fresh forest air and looked around a moment, absorbing the swaying green expanse once more. Sauntering back toward camp, I tried to envision in my mind how I could go about contacting my sub-conscious on a more frequent basis, and how would I ever go about telling another person about this incredible morning's hunting adventure.





### END ###



FIND YOURSELF IN SOLITUDE

Not a word or sound or whispers
No angry shout far up the street
Nor the plight of bored young misters
to cross the mind or turn the feet.

Just a breeze to fan the mind
The air of peace to ponder
the whys of the daily grind
and ways of life to wonder.

The world is quiet it seems
with thoughts to boost that fortitude.
It's just as if God deems
one to find himself in the solitude.



###END###







About the Author



Following his love of the outdoors after high school in West Virginia led Mike Cyrus to the University of Montana, where he worked his way through school parachuting out of airplanes, and leading ground crews to combat wildfires throughout the US. In all that time, Mike never missed hunting seasons and practicing his religion of floating and fly fishing Montana's great Blue Ribbon trout streams. After 17 years of fighting wildfires, and owning several businesses, he took up cattle ranching. Now retired from ranch life, he lives mostly in a remote internet challenged village in Panama where he actively fishes, snorkels, and scuba dives the blue Caribbean waters beside his home, with his wife, Rosa, and their two children, Dixie and Dusty. Mike lost his first son, Chad Hunter, when his Super Cub plummeted to the ground after encountering a microburst near Miles City, Montana, August 18, 2011. A self described Hemingwayish adventurer who made his own way, Mike takes pride in his independence, rugged individualism, and 50 years of bigger than life experiences from the wilds of Northern Alaska to Tierra del Fuego. He says that he has finally slowed down a little and spends full time with his family and wholeheartedly enjoys preparing his children for a joyful, untroubled, meritorious life, while beginning to fulfill his lifelong dream of writing novels. The Kingdom Come was his first novel, followed by two volumes of short stories written along the trail, Tall Tree Chronicles, Rip-roaring Outdoor Escapades, Volumes 1 & 2. Correspondence and commentary can be directed to thekingdomcome2013@hotmail.com





