Love & Decay

A Novella Series
Volume One
Episodes One through Six

By Rachel Higginson

Copyright@ Rachel Higginson 2014

This publication is protected under the US Copyright Act of 1976 and all other applicable international, federal, state and local laws, and all rights are reserved, including resale rights: you are not allowed to give, copy, scan, distribute or sell this book to anyone else.

Any trademarks, service marks, product names or named features are assumed to be the property of their respective owners, and are used only for reference. There is no implied endorsement if we use one of these terms.

Any people or places are strictly fictional and not based on anything else, fictional or non-fictional.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Copy Editing by Carolyn Moon
Cover Design by Caedus Design Co.

Other Books Now Available by Rachel Higginson

Love and Decay, Season One, Episodes One-Twelve
Love and Decay, Season Two, Episodes One-Twelve
Love and Decay, Volume One (Episodes One-Six, Season One)
Love and Decay, Volume Two (Episodes Seven-Twelve, Season One)
Love and Decay, Volume Three (Episodes One-Four, Season Two)
Love and Decay, Volume Four (Episodes Five-Eight, Season Two)
Love and Decay, Volume Five (Episodes Nine-Twelve, Season Two)

Reckless Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 1)
Hopeless Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 2)
Fearless Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 3)
Endless Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 4)
The Reluctant King (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 5)
The Relentless Warrior (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 6)
Breathless Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 6.5)
Fateful Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 6.75)

Heir of Skies (The Starbright Series, Book 1)
Heir of Darkness (The Starbright Series, Book 2)
Heir of Secrets (The Starbright Series, Book 3)

The Rush (The Siren Series, Book 1)
The Fall (The Siren Series, Book 2)

Bet on Us (An NA Contemporary Romance)

Striking (The Forged in Fire Series) This is a co-authored Contemporary NA

To Zach,
This would not exist without you. 
Just like so many other things.

Episode One

Chapter One
647 days after initial infection

	Oh, god. 
The smell was the worst. The absolute worst.
It wasnt enough that I had to pick my way through dismembered and half-eaten bodies, or that at any moment one of them could spring up from the ground and make an afternoon snack out of me. 
It wasnt enough that I hadnt had a shower in over a year and a half, hadnt worn eye liner in even longer than that and my hair was somehow simultaneously disgustingly greasy while frizzing into a perpetual fluff ball. 
Oh no, that would never be enough. My ugly tan work boots were a size and a half too small, I ripped my too big Grateful Dead t-shirt off a very, very dead man, and my jeans or what was left of my jeans was the last of my stash from my once excessive closet. 
After all of that- and I mean, the shower alone should have been enough suffering for any living being to suffer through- it was the smell that got to me. 
Putrid, rotting flesh from both the dead that littered the ground around me and the remnants of stench that lingered in the air when the Feeders were finished was what triggered my gag reflex and watered my eyes. There werent enough words in the English dictionary to describe my revulsion, or the way my empty stomach flipped with every breath. 
I probably would have puked if I had eaten anything in the last two days. 
The best thing about the Zombie Apocalypse? I was no longer addicted to sugar and caffeinated beverages. 
I wiped my forearm across my sweaty forehead and re-aimed my handgun in the general area in front of me. This is the point of the story where Im supposed to tell you what kind of gun Im carrying, but lets be real Before the end of the world I was a cheerleader at a small town school, where I was the debate team captain and student council secretary. I lived for throwing parties when my parents went out of town, making out with my football captain boyfriend and doing the occasional trip to the homeless shelter where I would put in my monthly two hours of good deeds. 
Id never even held a gun-- scratch that-- Id never even been in the same room as a gun until the world went to shit. Who knew the cure for herpes would turn all those sexual deviants into people-eating, brain-dead, infection-giving assholes? 
Not me. 
The whole phenomenon gave a girl a serious complex about safe sex. 
Not that I was having sex. Or would be any time soon. 
I hadnt even seen an eligible bachelor in a good six months and it wasnt like I had exactly been interested when we passed each other with guns raised and a suspicious glint in our eyes. Although there was a sort of mutual give and take between us that could have been considered an instant connection, possibly love at first sight. I let him loot the dead gentleman that had his head literally severed from his body by Feeders, and he let me raid the vending machine offering one bag of Funions that had been smashed into pathetic crumbs.
But then we both went our separate ways and I will never know if he got eaten, turned or found the promised land of Zombie-free showers and espresso machines.
Plus, I was still pining over poor, deceased, Quarterback-Chris.
Just kidding! Quarterback-Chris had apparently been less than faithful to me during our two year relationship and after things with the government, army and general world went to hell, Quarterback-Chris tried to eat me! 
So I did what any loving, devoted girlfriend that just found out she had been serially cheated on by her now zombie boyfriend would do. I plunged a butcher knife into his eye socket and when that didnt effectively do the job, I drove over him with my moms Escalade until his head detached from his body. 
God, I was glad I held onto my v-card. 
	Could you imagine me as a zombie?
	Ugh, it made me shudder just thinking about it. 
	A rustling to my left had my gun up, pointed and steady at whatever was stupid enough to make noise in a regular Feeder playground. I only had three bullets left, so this kill would have to be spot on. 
	That was the thing about living in a world in which it was a very likely possibility that you could end up as someone elses meal before lunchtime, youve got to be very good at shooting. Very quickly. 
	So even though the most I knew about my gun was that it was a Beretta from the label on the handle, and the exact kind of bullets it took, .40 S&W- because those were an absolute necessity and I was always on the lookout- I knew exactly how to use it. I knew exactly how to get my bullet from my gun to the perfect dead zone right between the eyes. 
	In fact, it was kind of freaky how good I was at killing things. 
	Well, killing already dead things. 
	It was like I was born for the Apocalypse. No, I couldnt find a hot shower, figure out how to make food last longer than twenty-four hours and effectively loot a Walgreens that still had hair products available. But I could stay alive. 
	I had an innate ability to stay alive. 
	And in this day and age, ninety-two weeks after the first recovering STD victim bit his doctor and the world fell apart, staying alive was very important.
	Back to the rustling. 
	I slowed my breathing, stopped moving completely and waited for the sound to come to me. 
	One of the first things I learned about survival was that there was absolutely no need to go hunting down trouble. In the world I lived in, trouble would find you soon enough. It was better to cover your back, stay calm and have a loaded weapon ready and waiting. 
	Reagan, check this out! Haley squealed in a loud whisper.
	Holy hell, Hales! I whisper-shouted back, I almost shot you in the f-ing head! 
	She made a resigned grunting noise and I heard her mumble, Too bad, I bet they have showers in heaven.
	We are so not convinced youre going to heaven, I whispered back while stepping over a particularly decayed body. 
	Did I say the smell was the worst? I meant maggots. 
	The maggots were definitely the worst. 
	It wouldnt matter, she countered with that distraught, depressed tone even the best of us were known to fall into. This might as well be hell. 
	We were still whispering, there was no other option, since Feeders were drawn by sound. And sight, and smell, and light and movement. But since we were rummaging around a dilapidated department store somewhere in what used to be southern Missouri, we had a little bit of cover.
	The floor was covered with dirt and grime; metal racks that had been looted a long time ago were scattered and broken across the floor and weve already discussed the body count problem. We were using what was left of the evening light streaming through the broken window fronts to see and from the sounds of things we were alone, at least on the first floor.
	One of the best things about Feeders was their incapability for stealth. They were heavy mouth breathers and tended to stumble over anything in their way. It was like they had their own warning bells. 
	Well, if you stayed alert, kept yourself surrounded by noisy debris and never fell asleep, you could sense their presence. 
	What is it? I asked; at the exact same moment my stomach growled. 
	Haley shot me a sympathetic look and shook her head, sending her dark blonde hair bouncing around her shoulders. Not that. 
	I sighed, but continued to follow her down a dark hallway. Track lighting hung at awkward angles, the glass long shattered, the bulbs broken since the beginning. The once white walls were smeared with streaks of what I had to assume was blood and dirt. But the stench was less overwhelming here, the air easier to breath.
	I hit the jackpot, Haley said excitedly in almost a full-volume voice. We rarely spoke above a whisper so I was taken aback at first. I had almost forgotten what her real voice sounded like.
	In? 
	Jeans! She turned back to look at me over her shoulder, giving me a goofy smile and waggling her eyebrows. 
	Now this was a jackpot. 
	We exited the hallway straight into the Juniors section. The racks were less knocked-over in this part of the store and still stocked with clothes. Racks and racks of fall fashions from almost two years ago filled the floor.  A discount shoe rack with boxes of clearance items sat in one corner and in the middle of the department was a makeup counter.
	An f-ing makeup counter. 
	Eyeliner!!!  
	At this point, you might be wondering who I could possibly want to look good for. And that is a valid question. But it wasnt like that. 
	In the last two years, I had been forced to live as a homeless, basically-starving person, with shredded, usually-covered-in-blood clothes, no shampoo, let alone conditioner and perpetually covered in dirt. I was tired of looking ugly. 
	Tired of it! 
	I just wanted a little bit of makeup, just something to make me feel like the world hadnt completely blown apart in the prime of my life and left me a wandering vagabond. 
	I had given up on finishing my education. I had given up on feeling guilty for killing what used to be human beings. I had given up on being happy again, living in a house, having a hot shower and whatever dream I had imagined myself living out. I had even given up on finding love.
	Hell, I had given up on finding sex. 
	I just wanted to look anything but tired, weary and worn out. 
	Was that so much to ask?
	Welcome to the promised land, my friend, Haley whispered proudly before turning to a rack of longs-sleeve tees. 
	I had a theory about why this section of the department store was untouched and it went something like this. In the beginning of the end, families protected their young. If you were a teenager, you were home, holding down the fort. Especially if you were a girl. The whole raping and pillaging thing didnt apply to most kids that still had parents around. And if you were young and stupid enough to try to make it in a world where sane people spent their time looting, overthrowing local government and shooting at any and every potential threat, chances were your inexperience and still rose-colored-glasses-of-the-world made sure you ended up dead. 
	How Haley and I survived living on the street and dodging not only the Feeders, but the crazed militia, and all the old man creepers that thought we would make fantastic sister wives was a straight up miracle. We got lucky in the beginning by sheer location. Small town, middle-of-nowhere Iowa finally paid off. 
	Well, except for the whole Quarterback-Chris thing. 
	But it wasnt like we didnt get Feeders in Atlantic, Iowa. Of course we did. Herpes was a worldwide disease. Everybody got Feeders, even remote islands in the middle of Oceans. If there were people there, then there were people having sex. And that meant STDs. Why? Because men would always be sluts. Always.
Was I a little bitter about Quarterback-Chris? Hell, yes. 
      Did I not mention he tried to eat me? 
	My parents were killed by Feeders. Haleys dad was killed by a Feeder. I was almost killed by a Feeder. 
	They were everywhere.
	What we did have was an absence of a lot of people and an abundance of guns. Thank you, farmer Fred, for your once unnecessary stash of ex-military contraband.
	I hopped over the counter, sliding my butt across the filthy glass. My already-grimy jeans smeared a dust-coated path the size of my hips. I landed on the pads of my feet and my toes were smashed even worse in my small hiking boots, but it was a soundless landing I was kind of proud of.
	I had the reflexes of a cat, thanks to living every minute of my life expecting an attack. If the world ever got its f-ing act together and cleaned up this mess, I imagined they would make a movie of my life about the whole Zombie thing. Id obviously be played by that hot brunette from the Vampire Diaries in which I would run around in a sexy Cat Woman suit, totally playing the super hero. 
	I opened the cabinets behind the makeup counter and slipped my backpack off my shoulder. Inside my hiking pack everything was orderly and neatly packed for maximum space and easy access. But I didnt have time for that now. I would reorganize everything later. 
	I started swiping handfuls of products into my bag, not caring about color or usefulness. This was what Haley and I called the Grab and Go- get as many supplies as we could now, as fast as we could, then leave the scene before either Feeders or protective townsfolk happened upon us. We could sort it out later. Without even having to discuss it with Haley, I knew she was picking out shirts and jeans for me and she knew I would cover her with whatever I could find. 
	After makeup, I hit up the clearance shoes, except there wasnt anything hiking, nature resilient or weather-proofed. Haleys shoes were in good condition actually, so I didnt bother debating over her. She was tiny by nature, not just because we only ate every three days and probably had scurvy since we were lacking serious vitamin C. She barely cleared 53, and her feet were average size enough that she could double up on socks and fit almost any pair we found.
	I had clown feet even for my 58 frame and most the time found myself searching the small-feeted men. There were plenty of feet to choose from, but we didnt run across the right kind of shoe very often.
	Like right now. There were a pair of tennis shoes that I could upgrade to, and they were my size. Or should I stick with the weather-proofed boots that would protect my feet from the elements? 
	The other part of the debate- tennis shoes were much lighter than these things, easier to walk across country in and much, much nicer to run in. 
	Still, I had to protect my feet. And I definitely didnt want trench foot. Not that I knew what trench foot was. but I knew it was a big deal for everyone on Band of Brothers- my go to reference for everything survival. 
	Get the shoes that fit, Haley said from across the room while digging through every style of jeans. 
	Youre right, I agreed. A shoe that fit had to be infinitely better than what I was wearing now. I toed off my boots and ripped off my socks. There was a whole rack of socks near the checkout counter, so I grabbed handfuls of them and stuffed them in the bag, saving a crazy-patterned neon pair for now. 
	Sweatpants? Haley asked from a new rack. 
	Moving quickly was essential to our survival, and we had honed this skill in order to stay alive. Absolutely, I agreed. Jeans were practical and resilient, but there was nothing better than a pair of yoga pants when running for your life. 
	As I moved on to underwear-which might as well have been gold at this point- the light grew dimmer in this department. We were already squinting and stumbling around in the dark, and I knew we had been here too long. I had a flashlight that hadnt run out of battery yet, but I really didnt want to use it if it meant drawing the attention of wandering Feeders. 
	Haley, we need to go, I whispered harshly. 
	I heard her zip up her pack and shoulder it, but I could barely make out her form anymore. Wed learned to act as soon as a command was given between us. There was no time to hesitate anymore, so by the time Id slipped my heavy backpack on again, she was already moving toward the exit. 
	One of the weirdest parts of the Apocalypse was the quiet. I couldnt get used to it. Back in my old life, before the infection, there seemed to always be noise around. Cars on the highway, music from my iPod, airplanes overhead, my parents talking at me; there was always something in my ear. Now, there was nothing, no background elevator jazz to soothe us while we shopped, no other shoppers bustling around and bumping into us. The only sound to break up the silence was our careful footsteps and the heavy mouth-breathing from a Feeder in the next room.
	Oh shit!
	I grabbed the handle on Haleys backpack and tugged her backward. Her head whipped around and she opened her mouth to probably ask what the hell, but I held my finger to my lips and motioned with my head toward the way we just came from. It took her a second, but as soon as she heard the panting and wheezing in the next room she was instantly game for my plan of retracing our steps.
	There was plenty of food for the bastard in the room he was in now, but I knew he would be able to sniff out our live, fresh flesh in the next two minutes and that was like the difference between prime rib and an old, moldy hot dog. 
	Best case scenario, he was going to lick the hot dog first, and come back for it later, after he ate his prime rib. 
	Which was me. 
	I stepped carefully until we were back in the Juniors Department, always keeping my gun trained on the direction of the Feeder. Haley stood a little bit behind me, her gun aimed to the left where this area opened up to the childrens section. 
	Son of a bitch, she breathed on a strangled whisper. 
	A quick glance toward the direction of her pointed gun, showed the glowing red eyes of two different Feeders. That was the signature of the last stage of their digression into Zombie-hood: first came the cravings for flesh, then the heart stopping in a semi-death, the disgusting process in which their brain still worked, but their bodies started to decay and then the tell-tale red eyes, showing basically that all humanity was lost. By then, they were stronger, didnt feel pain and only craved brains. 
	Basically, this sucked. 
	They could smell us, but couldnt see us yet, and so they were still trying to pinpoint us before they attacked. Unfortunately, we could also smell them. What really sucked was that there were at least three of them, these two and the one munching away on all that delicious dead flesh. 
	They werent exactly pack animals, and usually they traveled- wandered aimlessly- alone; but if they ever found themselves together it was like they shared a hive brain or something. They acted as a team, without speaking or seemingly communicating, and once their eyes were red they were a hundred times harder to take down. 
	Our backs were against the wall, literally, and I wasnt exactly sure how we were going to get out of this one. 
	I glanced over my shoulder again and noticed for the first time an exit toward the corner of the room. A discounted clothing rack had been pushed up against it, and it was barely visible in the almost completely-dark room, but a reflected Exit sign was still pasted on the top. 
	As quietly as I could, I whispered, Behind us, Hale. An exit. Lead or Cover? 
	Haley let my noise settle before she answered. The Feeders had already started moving toward us. Despite every Zombie movie I had ever seen, the real life versions were not exactly the dumb and easy to kill version of walking corpses. They were hunters, fast and intuitive. While humanity still had the advantage of a rationalizing, fully functioning, not-addicted-to-living-flesh advantage, they werent exactly a helpless opponent. 
	Cover, Haley finally whispered back.	
	And with her blessing I turned on my heel and sprinted for the door. I could feel her behind me, but out of experience, I knew she was keeping her gun trained on the Zombies that were now chasing us down to make snacks out of our innards. I gave up on being quiet and threw anything that stood in my way. 
The trip across the room took maybe five seconds, but it felt like the longest run of my life. I could already hear the Zombie from the other room tearing his way to join his friends. My heart was hammering in my chest, my vision focused only on the exit and my ears trained to listen for any surprises.
	As soon as they were in my reach, I grabbed onto the tightly-packed, discounted clothes and went to toss the rack, but it only swayed. Something was holding it to the ground.
	Pure panic prickled my blood and my eyes watered immediately from the stress of the situation. I heard Haleys gun go off behind me, but because the mouth-breathing was so loud I knew she had missed.
	That meant she had four bullets left in her magazine. 
	Shit. Shit. Shit. 
	I pulled again on the rack of clothes and this time it moved an inch. I realized then that it was tethered by something on the ground. While Haley shot off another bullet, I dropped to my hands and knees and felt blindly for whatever was holding onto the base of the rack. Once I found the thick rope that was tied to the base, I whipped out my pocket knife I kept in the pocket of my pants and began cutting at the rope frantically. 
	Another shot from behind me and one of the Feeders dropped to the ground. Good shot, Hales. There were still at least two more Feeders left, and I could hear more commotion from the front entrance. All these shots were probably drawing everything out there in here. 
	I finally got through the rope, but as soon as the slack was gone, something huge and clanging crashed to the ground just on the other side of the door. It sounded like pots or pans and a whole bunch of breaking glass. 
	Shit!!!
	I didnt have time to process that right now, so I stood up, effectively shoved the rack out of the way and went for the door handle. Another gun shot behind me and another Feeder dropped to the ground. 
	I lunged for the door handle, and turned it desperately. And nothing.
	It was locked.
	No! I screamed, not caring about the noise level at this point. 
	Haleys last bullet exited her gun and the last Feeder felt the hit and fell to the ground directly behind me. These guys were dead, but there were who knew how many now headed toward us. Haley was out of bullets, and I had three left. 
	And our only exit was locked. 
	What are you waiting for, Reagan. Lets get the hell out of here! Haleys back was still to me as she faced her now empty gun at the hallway, just waiting for the rest of the Feeders to follow the sounds and find us.
	Its locked! Damn it!
	Completely panicked, I yanked on the handled and kicked it with my new shoe. Nothing happened. The door stayed firmly locked, stubbornly unmoving. This was definitely worst case scenario. 
	And not ten minutes ago I had been really excited about all that eye liner and a new pair of jeans.
	This was so not how I was going out. Id survived Quarterback-Chris, the death of my parents and almost two freaking years of living as the most depressing version of Mila Jovovich in Resident Evil ever. 
	Open, damn it! I screamed at the door, giving it another kick with my foot. 
	Only this time, my foot didnt connect with anything. The door wrenched open and my body flew, following my foot, through the empty space I wasnt expecting. I fell straight to my hands and knees in a huge pile of glass shards and broken ceramic. I felt the thick chunks of debris dig and slice through my skin immediately. My jeans would be completely irreparable after this and, with my luck, as soon as I was able to stop bleeding; I was for sure going to get gangrene. 
	What the hell? 
	What the hell, Reagan? Haley practically screamed at me as soon as she was through the doorway. She slammed the door behind her and braced her body against it; meanwhile, I was still doggy style in a pile of glass I was too afraid to stand up from.
	The damage was going to be annoyingly excessive. 
	Before I could answer her though, I heard the signature click of a bullet being loaded into the chamber. More dread slithered through my body; other humans were just as deadly and dangerous as Zombies these days. And apparently we were trespassing.
	Dont move, a deep, masculine voice ordered in a quiet, steely tone. 
	Out of the frying pan, Haley mumbled resignedly. 
	And into the fire, I finished for her. 
	I would never complain about eyeliner again.

Chapter Two

	You, drop your gun and put your hands in the air, the obviously male voice ordered Haley roughly. 
	Another click of a gun from behind us and I started trying to count shoes from my position on the floor. Blood pooled around my palms and knees, making the glass-littered ground sticky and wet. The stairwell was completely dark though, except for some kind of lamp that was shining from the top of a stairwell; it cast long, shadowy streaks of light down on us, but kept every face hidden in darkness. 
	I heard Haleys gun drop to the floor with unnecessary force behind it, crashing into the glass and ceramic. Fine, she growled. But, it was empty anyway.
	A snort of laughter sounded from the guy in the back and I almost smiled. God, Haley could be feisty- which was definitely a good thing when we found ourselves sandwiched between Zombies and armed men that probably hadnt gotten consensually laid since the outbreak. 
	Now you, the man addressed me. I felt more than saw his gun swing in my direction. Stand up slowly.
	Do I have to? I winced, thinking about my injured hands and knees. I was putting pressure on them now, so even though there was pain, I had staunched any chance of a river of blood. If I stood up, and let my hands hang limply in the air, I would be covered in Zombie-nip in no time. Mostly I was worried about being sticky for the next couple of days. Blood was a pain in the ass to scrub off, especially if there wasnt clean water around. Im bleeding here. 
	Youre bleeding? the guy asked dryly.
	Ive been booby-trapped, I drawled. 
	Haley chuckled, and nudged me with her foot. Shes been booby-trapped. 
	That made me giggle, too. Apparently, the stress of our situation was not enough to dampen our sense of humor. 
	We have guns, the guy with said gun explained unnecessarily. This isnt a joke.
	But youre not going to shoot us, Haley argued. 
	Im not?
	Were hot. Youll at least rape us first, she explained on a hysterical giggle.
	At least, I echoed, my laughter bouncing off the floor. Just dont give us herpes.
	Were not going to rape you! The guy in the back defended, sounding absolutely disgusted by the idea. Well, that was a good sign. 
	Are you two high? the first gunman asked incredulously.
	This only caused us to laugh harder, until a hand hit the outside of the door aggressively. We all jumped at the sound. Another fist came down on the heavy metal door, just to the left of Haleys head. And then another. The Feeders had arrived. 
	Up, now. Well take care of the bleeding upstairs, I was commanded from above. 
	I knew I didnt have a choice at this point. One Feeder might not be able to break down the door, but the incessant pounding would draw others and there was no telling what an entire horde of them could do. 
	I stood up slowly, flicking the loose pieces from my kneecaps and the heels of my hands with the tips of my fingers. I couldnt close my palms or straighten my legs completely, so I had to stand at an awkward angle, allowing the blood to run and drip from every cut. 
	Those look bad, Reags, Haley hissed, concern entrenched in every syllable. Zombies didnt faze her; guns made her laugh, but my deep cuts were enough to get her to take this seriously. She was a good friend. 
	Ill be okay, I assured her.
	Lets go, the guy with the gun ordered before she had a chance to say anything else. 	
	We followed the direction of his pointed gun and marched up the stairs. He pushed Haley in front of me, which was a travesty since my gun was tucked into the back of my pants. She would have known that and if she would have been behind me she could have grabbed it.
	I hobbled up the stairs, still crooked at the knees. I took careful steps, gingerly holding onto Haleys hand as we went. The stairs were just as covered with broken glass and pieces of everything else. The farther we got up the stairs, even Haley had to duck because all kinds of cookware and gardening tools were hanging from the ceiling. A human would have had to have their wits together to bob and weave these traps, but Feeders were single minded and stupid. Maybe it wouldnt have been enough to impale them or maim them, but it would make a lot of noise if someone came running up these stairs knocking pans, rakes and shovels together. 
	I started to get the impression that this was a permanent settlement for these guys. A nervous tingle ran down my spine when I wondered how many of them there actually were. 
	In our travels, Haley and I had come across a few scattered settlements. We were always careful to scope them out first, doing due diligence with our scouting. Some settlements included women and even children; those were generally safer even while outsiders made them understandably nervous. If we werent carrying the disease already, we could expose them to others who were, or deplete them of their coveted water and food supply. We always tried not to take anything from settlements. If we didnt want anything other than a place to sleep for the night, they tended to trust us more. 
	Other settlements were not nearly the safe-haven, though. Militia type groups, usually only enlisted with men, set up outposts all over the US in order to protect what was theirs. Whenever a group of just men got together it was like they lost millions of brain cells in the presence of all that testosterone. They became total cavemen, dangerous and unpredictable. They were just as deadly as Feeders, especially to women. 
	Especially to a couple of young virgins, traveling by themselves
	We were like the new Fountain of Youth. The white unicorn. The freaking Holy Grail.
	If I werent so worried about becoming a Zombie, I would have just given up the v-card months ago. Not that the Zombie gene was passed on like an STD, but they felt very closely related. It was like, die a virgin or get herpes, and if I got herpes I would obviously seek out the cure, because, uh yuck, then because of the whole Zombie-itis thing I would definitely become a Feeder and the whole event would have been pointless. 
	Ok, that was all fiction. 
	I didnt have to become a Zombie just because I had sex. 
	But what happened to love? And commitment? Was that all gone just because I happened to live during the Apocalypse? 
	I had a serious boyfriend before the world went to shit and he tried to eat me- and not in the sexy way. We planned this whole after prom experience; there would have been rose petals on the bed and whispered I love yous. Even if he was a cheating asshole, that still sounded better than meeting up with a stranger and losing it on the dirty floor of some abandoned Wal-Mart. 
	Plus, who knew about safe sex these days? I didnt exactly come prepared with baby-preventing merchandise. And I was so not filming Teen Mom Zombie Apocalypse Edition. 
	We passed the spotlight when we rounded the corner and were ordered up the next flight of stairs. I sighed at the thought of struggling up another set of steps, but marched on, knowing I didnt have a choice. 
	Do you need some help? The guy in the way back asked quietly. 
	Uh, Ill be okay, I replied quickly. Maybe it was a sign of the times, but where the hell had that come from? I wasnt exactly used to chivalry, and the very idea of it completely freaked me out. 
	Its just up at the top of the stairs, the main gunman explained. I ignored the softening of his tone. I had to assume this was going to go one of two ways, Haley and I were about to made into sister wives for an entire community of vigilante men that had forgotten how to give the girl hers first, or this was an execution and they didnt want blood and bodies anywhere near where Feeders could find a way into their hidey-hole. Neither of those options appealed to me.
	At the top of the stairs, the guy from the back walked past, gun held at his side, and knocked on another heavy steel door. The door was opened and a stream of light flooded the stairwell. I blinked against the brightness my eyes werent used to, and dipped my head. 
	Following Haleys feet, I shuffled inside the third floor of the department store and heard the door slam and lock behind us. The sound of sliding, heavy furniture could be heard behind me and eventually, when my eyes adjusted, I turned around to see four cash register counters lined up in front of the exit. It wouldnt keep out a mob of Feeders, but it would be enough to stop the lone wanderer, or even a group of ten or fifteen. 
	My mouth dropped as I let my gaze take in the rest of the space. These guys had commandeered the entire third floor. This was an older style department store, in what had always been a small town, so there wasnt an escalator in the middle of the floor, but there was a set of stairs that had been rebuilt with heavy steel pieces that had been welded together in a makeshift strong box. The elevators off to the side had been boarded up, too, with steel and metal. From a quick glance around, the only exit or entrance even accessible was the doors we just came through. 
	Couches and beds had been set up in sections; rooms were made from curtains hanging from the ceiling. A kitchen of sorts was also set up with a camping grill, a basin for water and several coolers that probably contained dried food. There were three other guys hanging out, guns hanging limply from their fingertips while they surveyed us with suspicious eyes. 
	Haley gave a flirty wave that I knew she didnt mean. If any of these guys came near her with bad intentions she would detach their manhood from their bodies with her teeth. 
	What did you find, Hendrix? The oldest of the guys- probably mid-twenties- asked from his perch on the back of a plaid couch. His tall body stretched out as he leaned against the back casually. He oozed attractive in that I-can-totally-pull-off-dirty-scruffy-and-rugged-as-if-I-were-doing-a-magazine-cover look. His facial growth was sexy as hell; his shaggy, dirty blonde hair, chopped and straight, fell around his eyebrows and collar. He was stupidly handsome for the end of the world. It wasnt fair. 
	The difference between girls and boys was that boys could go days without a razor and they looked better. I went days without a razor and people started reporting Big Foot sightings. Damn the male race and their immunity to hygienic upkeep. 
	Girls, Hendrix huffed behind me. They were shopping. 
	Haley snorted at the insinuation we were just shopping for leisure. We were stocking up on supplies, she bit out. 
	Makeup? Hendrix scoffed pointedly at me. 
	Just a little eyeliner, I mumbled a bit dejectedly.
	Yeah? Hendrix asked dramatically. Is that eyeliner going to help you stop bleeding? 
	No, but you could, I shot back quickly. 
	Hendrix opened his mouth to say something, but the other one cut him off with an authoritative, Shes right. Help her get clean before the Feeders get a scent of her fresh blood. 
	I flaunted a haughty look and waited for Hendrix to lead the way. In the light, I could now take him in. He was as steady here as he was downstairs, cool and completely collected. He was tall, too, at least eight inches taller than me, with a muscular but lean frame. His hair was just as shaggy as the other guys but a deeper blonde color, almost brown, but not quite. His darker half-beard was more trimmed than the first guys and hid full lips that if I had to guess, were perpetually pressed into a frown. Hendrix, in the short time I had known him, was clearly never the life of any party. He was like the black hole that sucked all the fun out of the room. 
	Not that there was a whole lot of fun happening these days. But proverbially speaking, he was the party pooper. 
	He led me over to the kitchen area and directed me to sit on a tall bar stool. I glanced over at Haley who was now sitting awkwardly on one of the cashier counters that blocked the exit. She gave me a small wave and a shrug of her shoulder. So far, no raping and pillaging. 
	I turned my attention back to Hendrix when he gripped my hand and started to pull out one of the larger pieces of glass imbedded deep in my palm. I sucked in a sharp breath and blinked away the tears of pain. 
	Thats some defense system youve got down there, I hissed through the throbbing pain. With the biggest piece of glass dislodged from my palm, Hendrix grabbed a bottle of rubbing alcohol and poured it on the gushing wound. I winced at the searing pain and squinched my eyes shut. He started patting it gently with a cloth and I relaxed a little at the applied pressure. 
	Most people that come through that door are invited, he explained in his no-nonsense, rough way. 
	Are they also being chased by Feeders? I asked with as much sarcasm as I was capable of under the circumstances. 
	Hold this, he ignored my question and pressed my fingertips against the soft towel. I opened one eye to watch him pull up another bar stool and sit down. He was close to me, so that our knees were pressed into each other and he could hold my hand against his body. His longish hair fell over his eyes and he shook his head to the side to get the stray pieces out of his field of vision. 
	I was slightly mesmerized by his movement until he removed the towel and pulled another shard of glass out of my palm. 
	These are bad, he commented without any emotion. 
	I know, I grimaced. 
	Bruce Lee, he mumbled while pouring more alcohol into the wound.
	What? 
	You looked like Bruce Lee with your foot flying through the door, he explained but there was absolutely no humor in his voice. 
	A surprised giggle bubbled up inside me and I couldnt stop it. You could have warned me you were going to open the door. 
	I didnt know if you were a friend or an enemy. He lifted his eyes from my wound to meet my stare. He had intensely blue eyes that shimmered they were so serious. 
	I cleared my throat, feeling exposed under his weighty gaze. Fair enough, I finally squeaked out. 
	He worked in silence for a while, pulling pieces out carefully and cleaning the cuts properly. When he was finished with my right hand, he bandaged it expertly and moved on to my left. 
	This is quite the set up you have here, I commented while keeping my eyes on Haley who looked bored, still positioned on the counter. The rest of Hendrixs band of merry men stood conferring with each other in a far corner.
	Yep, was all he said in reply. 
	Have you been here since the beginning? I pressed. I didnt know what these guys were going to do with us, but right now they held all the cards. We were pathetically at their mercy. I wanted as much information as I could get, even if it couldnt help me. I had to believe Haley and I were competent enough to get out of this mess should they mean us harm.
	Nope, Hendrix offered helpfully. 
	So how long then? You have a serious utopia up here; Im surprised there arent more of you. I chewed my bottom lip thoughtfully as I glanced at their dried food supply to my left and the soft, comfortable beds that were curtained off into bedrooms. They also seemed to have plenty of clean water and medical supplies. 
	We dont trust outsiders, he growled out.	
	Oh, like me? I rolled my eyes. That works out great since I dont trust you either. 
	You shouldnt, he promised quietly.
	Wow, you sure know how to make a girl feel welcome. 
	It doesnt matter; youll be gone in a few hours anyway. He kept his eyes firmly on my hand while he expertly cleaned my wounds. 
	I gulped and whispered so Haley couldnt hear, Like youre going to kill us? 
	What? His eyes snapped up to mine and he actually looked offended that I would think that about him. Were not going to kill you. Were going to send you on your way. We dont want you here. I already told you, we dont trust outsiders. 
	Not that I was expecting some kind of white knight declaration or anything, but even false hope would have felt great at this point. But Im a woman, I pointed out obviously. 
	Yep, he reverted to his one word answers. 
	Arent you going to rape me? I demanded a little put out that the thought hadnt even crossed his mind. 
	What? Do you want me to rape you? He asked sounding more appalled than before. Good for him; this was a single guy at the end of the world with standards. I almost laughed out loud. That concept was about as fantastical as the young virgin.
	Yet, I was here, so.
	Obviously not, its just. I trailed off, feeling like a total douche for assuming he was as bad as everyone else out there. I cleared my throat, So how did you guys meet?
	Online dating, he mumbled dryly. 
	Oh, like before? That makes sense then. Its actually kind of sweet you still have each other through all this craziness. It was like an ah-ha moment. They were gay. 
	I was kidding, his eyes snapped up to mine again and flashed with annoyance. 
	Im not judging you, I quickly said. I think its great. Seriously! 
	Were not gay, he growled. Were brothers. 
	I snorted a laugh and dissolved into laughter. Dont ever try to be a comedian. I shook my head at him, watching as his irritation grew deeper. In fact, maybe dont ever attempt a joke again. 
	He scowled at me for a few more seconds and finished the dressing on my left hand. Once that was done he motioned for the sleeves of my shirt. 
	Im wearing a tank top underneath; I can just take this off, I gestured uselessly with my bandaged hands to my long-sleeve tee. Uh, do you have a knife? You could just cut it off. 
	You trust a stranger with a knife? he asked like I was the most nave person on earth. 
	Youve had plenty of opportunity to do what you want to me. I trust a stranger that knows how to take care of open wounds, I said seriously. And that was true. He was surly, cranky and had zero sense of humor, but he wasnt trying to hurt me. He was trying to help. And those kinds of people didnt really exist anymore. 
	He pulled out a butterfly knife from his back pocket and went to work cutting my t-shirt off without damaging the tank top underneath. With quick, confident moves, my filthy, bloody shirt was discarded with the rest of the bloody towels and I was left in my black cami; my neon-green demi-cup bra poked out from underneath- in the last big town we were in, Haley and I raided a Victorias Secret. 
	I watched Hendrixs eyes flare to life at the sight of so much of my exposed skin. A heat burned in my belly that I did my best to ignore. This was like that game, if we were the last two people on Earth. Uh, the answer for Hendrix would have been a hell yes, before. But things were not that simple and I really liked to believe there was more to me than a desire to get laid, like surviving a world full of Zombies, for one. 
I kept my elbows tucked against my sides, even though I wasnt exactly trying to attract his attention. I still didnt want to detract his attention with my less than smoothly shaven armpits. At least I could confirm that he was officially not gay. 
	Hendrix dipped a clean towel into some cold water and started washing away the dried blood on my forearms. I shivered at the contact when the wet towel hit my skin and he paused to look up at me and ask silent permission. I nodded carefully. I wasnt used to this kind of attention from a boy, not even Quarterback-Chris had been this gentle. I wasnt sure what to do with his attention, other than ignore it, since we would be parting ways in just a few hours. 
	He seemed to hesitate before nodding down at my jeans. Uh, maybe we should cut those off too? 
	Yeah, thats fine, I agreed. They were going in the trash anyway. 
	Do you have other clothes? He asked hesitantly. 
	Sure thing. From our shopping spree, I smiled at him innocently.
	He ignored me. Again. Alright, Im going to cut around your thigh, and then Ill deal with your knees. Do they feel as bad as your palms? 
	No, actually. I think my jeans protected them to some extent. 
	Hendrix played with the knife in his hand for a minute before setting it down and slipping his fingers into the already ripped hole in my thigh. They were distressed jeans to begin with, but the recent wear and tear had turned simply frayed places into monster-sized holes. He wedged his fingers between my jeans and my thigh and I worked really hard at keeping my breathing even.
	There was the fact that a strange guy had his hands all over my upper thigh, but mostly, I didnt want him to rip away the jeans too quickly and cause my knees any unnecessary pain. I should have known better with him though, he was obviously not the kind of person that did anything irrationally or recklessly. 
	Carefully he tugged apart the material until it started ripping up towards my crotch. He coughed suddenly, a little surprised at the direction of the rip, before pulling his hands free and going for the knife again. Now that the rip was bigger, there was enough slack on the material so the knife could slash away without fear of my femoral artery being punctured. He repeated the process with my left leg until I was left with an unflattering pair of daisy dukes. 
	Oh, god. The hair. 
	I blushed the deepest red at the sight of my unshaven legs. How humiliating! 
	Hendrix lifted my leg and stretched it out atop his thighs. The unshaven disaster was even worse at this angle. I winced and dropped my head into my hands. 
	Guessing at what my mortification was about, Hendrix offered in an unconvincing voice, Its not that bad. 
	Its really bad, I whined, peeking out from behind my fingers. 
	A small smile tilted his lips while his eyes stayed intent on the few shards of glass that had embedded in my knees. 
	It could be worse, he shrugged. It could be a mustache.
	Was that a joke? I asked, a little surprised by his cavalier attitude. 
	He shrugged again. So what? 
	I giggled helplessly. So, it was almost funny. 
	His head shot up and I was treated with another scowl. I winked at him and relaxed back into a playful smile. He stared after me for a moment, clearly not knowing what to do with me. Soon enough he turned his attention back to my knees and started working out the shrapnel and cleaning each cut carefully. When he was finished, and had spent time washing my calves since I clearly couldnt with my useless and bandaged hands, he wrapped gauze all the way around both of my knees so the bandage wouldnt slip off the still clotting cuts. 
	I slid my final leg off his as soon as the last bandage had been tied. He was up and out of his seat before my foot even landed back on the ground and across the room before I could get out of my chair. Geez, he was a weird one. 
	I hobbled, a little self-consciously, over to Haley and crawled up on the counter with her. My jeans had been cut short enough that I was worried about my ass hanging out of them while I stood. Sitting was a much safer option until I could change into the jeans Haley had grabbed earlier. I looked helplessly down at my hair-covered legs and winced all over again. 
	I mean, it was the end of the world, and personal hygiene had a checklist of priorities. In reality, clean-shaven legs were low on the list, especially since Id had to discard my last razor two weeks ago. It had broken in half in my backpack, and the rusty blade was too dangerous to use. Id been on the lookout for a new one, or even a sharp pocket knife- at this point I would have taken dull scissors- but so far hadnt found one.
	Besides, up until this exact moment I had been working the unshaven legs- totally owning the look- hoping if we were ever kidnapped the au natural style would work in my favor as a deterrent. 
	I still felt like that, so I was a little confused by my self-consciousness right now just because Hendrix didnt initially come off like a creeper. He still had four brothers that could easily not be as chivalrous. So why wasnt I flashing around my prickly pear legs? And waving my arms in the air so everyone got a nice long look at my Eastern Europe styled pits? Good question. 
	Have you been able to hear anything? I asked Haley in a low voice. 
	She looked over at me and did a double take when she took in the sight of my shorty shorts. Nice legs, Mama, she snorted at me. I loved her sense of humor, even when it was at my expense. I easily would have died of depression if it hadnt been for her refusing to let me mope around aimlessly. Haley found laughter in every situation. She was one of those people that would forever be refreshing to be around. Back when we went to high school, she was easily the most popular girl in our class, only everyone loved her. Especially me. We had been besties since grade school and it was by sheer goodwill of the Universe that we still had each other after everything that had happened.
	Shut it. I stuck my tongue out at her and waved my ridiculously bandaged hands. I couldnt even wiggle my fingers, but I knew the care was necessary. 
	Yeesh, its industrial strength, she murmured while taking one of my palms into her hands. But at least it looks like he knew what he was doing. He didnt happen to have Neosporin, did he?
	I nodded with excited eyes. And rubbing alcohol. 
	Who are these guys? Haley mumbled, lifting her eyes to the pow-wow happening in the corner. 
	I dont know, but apparently they dont even want to rape us, I whispered, not bothering to hide my shock. 
	What? Are they gay? she gasped.
	I asked. Turns out no. Apparently theyre brothers. 
	Huh.
	I know.
	We watched them for a few more minutes while they seemed to argue among themselves. They kept their voices to a whisper, but their hands flew around animatedly. Hendrix seemed to have the most opinions and it seemed like he was most often arguing with the guy who had ordered him around before. Two of the guys with them were clearly younger, their facial hair more splotchy and their muscle definition not quite up to par with their brothers. They also didnt have a whole lot to say, another indication they were low on the totem pole. 
	The final brother was just as tall and muscly as Hendrix, but it was hard to determine his age or how he fit into the chain of command. It seemed like he talked often enough to get his opinion across, but every once in a while he would lay a calming hand on Hendrixs shoulder as if warning him to settle down. He followed the same dress code as all the others, only his hair was a light brown and his beard an even darker shade. Eventually he was the one to turn his attention back to us with his kind, apologetic eyes offering a certain soft-spoken hope.
	The other brothers followed his gaze and Hendrix let out an exasperated sigh. They made their way over, Hendrix trailing them all, and faced us. They were intimidating, that was for damn sure- even the younger ones in the back. They all stood with their legs apart, their arms crossed. Haley reached out and grabbed my bandaged hand, clasping it tightly in hers but careful not to disturb my wounds. We were ready for their judgment. 
	Whens the last time youve had a good nights sleep? The leader asked in a not unpleasant tone.
	I bit my lip and glanced at Haley who looked as confused as I felt. Finally, I turned back to the brigade of boys and answered, Define good night.
	When was the last time you slept the entire night through? he clarified. 
	His question met silence. Neither Haley nor I could remember the last time we slept all the way through the night, and it probably hadnt been since we were both back home living with our parents. 
	Thats what I thought, the guy nodded his head intuitively. You cant stay with us permanently. But you can spend the night, he explained. We will give you a full nights rest before you move on in the morning. 
	We were stunned silent. 
	Hendrix spoke up from the back of the group, Explain the raping thing, Vaughan.
	A slow smile broke out across Vaughans face and now I was muted by how gorgeous he turned out to be. That wasnt exactly fair. Oh, and my little brother would like to assure you that you will not be raped. He gestured out with his hands and said in a comforting voice, This happens to be a rape-free zone.
	But what if weve changed our minds about that? Haley whispered to me as she stared down at the floor.
	A nervous laugh burst out, but I found myself nodding excitedly. Well take it. I was smiling now, meeting Vaughans eyes. Well leave first thing in the morning, but we will take your offer.
	Definitely, Haley echoed. She hopped down from the counter and helped me down since I couldnt use my hands. Once we were settled on the ground she gestured between us in a friendly way. Oh, and Im Haley and this is Reagan, she announced to the dispersing room.
	Her introduction was met with a few half-hearted head nods. It seemed the brothers didnt really care who we were and it probably didnt matter. We would be leaving first thing in the morning, so why make pleasantries? It wasnt like wed become pen pals or anything. 
	Nelson, get Page. Shell be safe from these ones, Vaughan ordered before turning back to us. He took three steps forward until we were face to face and his expression turned serious. Im Vaughan; youve met Hendrix and Nelson. My other two brothers are Harrison and King. Nelson went to get our sister, Page. Best you stay away from her. He warned, his eyes flashing with a striking protectiveness. If anything happens to my little sister, all responsible parties will suffer before they die excruciating deaths, got that?
	Sure thing, Boss, Haley bravely patted his shoulder before walking off and asking either Harrison or King where wed be staying tonight. 
	I looked up at Vaughan, whose eyes were a deep blue, almost navy. Thank you, I whispered. 
	I dont believe all of humanity is lost, he whispered back somberly. 
	Good for you, I smirked and walked off to find Haley. A thought struck me and I turned around and asked, Stevie Ray? 
	Vaughans face broke out in that breath-taking smile again and he nodded. My dad was a guitar teacher. He named us all after the greats.
	I laughed at that. Stevie Ray Vaughan was an iconic guitarist and Hendrix suddenly made sense as well. Jimi? I asked just to be sure.
	Yep.
	Uh, I thought about it for a minute before pointing at Nelson. Willie?I asked on a laugh. 
	Vaughans grin widened; then he nodded. George Harrison, he explained while pointing to the second to youngest brother.
	Wait, I held up my hand. I thought over the remaining names for a moment before I came to my conclusion. BB? I asked, referring to King. 
	A genuine look of surprise flashed across Vaughans face before he said, Ok, now Page.
	I thought about that for a minute longer while walking backwards towards Haley, Jimmy Page. Led Zeppelin. 
	Very good, Vaughan admitted. Im impressed.
	What? You guys think youre the last of the eclectic musicians? 
	Vaughan let out a bark of laughter and shook his head at me. I guess not. Welcome to the Hotel California, Reagan.

Chapter Three

	Haley and I got set up on our bed, a queen-sized Tempur Pedic that we decided to share. Wed been sleeping back to back for almost two years now. It was how we protected ourselves, using our guns as pillows and taking turns sleeping. 
	I stretched out on the bed for a few minutes, the sheets were new, procured from the bedding section of this very floor; and the bed felt like pure heaven. I couldnt even believe how long it had been since Id slept in an actual bed. And when I truly processed how Haley and I had been living, how wed been just barely surviving, I didnt want to admit this was what my life boiled down to.
	I had three more weeks of high school when the initial infection broke out. I had three weeks left before I would graduate. I had a partial academics scholarship to the University of Iowa and I was going to play intramural volleyball. I had this entire life planned out in my head, where I majored in elementary education, graduated in four and a half years after student teaching and got a job in Des Moines. I would have this cute little apartment, the only roommate I had would be this rescue cat I picked up at the Humane Society and I would go out with my girlfriends on weekends. I would have eventually broken up with Quarterback-Chris, because if I was honest, that wasnt the forever kind of love. 
	Obviously, since I popped his head off like a dandelion. 
	Then I would have met this really great guy one morning while I was getting coffee before school. We would have bumped into each other and he would have made a joke about it; we would have fallen into easy conversation until I had to go before I was late for my teachers meeting. He would have gotten my number and the rest would have been this epic love story that ended in my dream wedding, four perfect kids and a house in the suburbs. 
	Okay, so maybe my ideal future had been a little less reality and a lot more chick flick. However, it was worth pointing out that I was not even living a straight-to-DVD version of that life. 
	Hobo-ing around the country, living off scavenged canned goods and cleaning up the Zombie infestation was more like the opposite of how I pictured my life going. 
	Lets dump out our brand new baubles and organize, Haley suggested while pulling herself into a sitting position. Besides, it wouldnt hurt you to change. Your big ass is totally hanging out.
	I squeaked and slapped my hands back there, trying to cover myself up. We were hidden behind the make shift curtain walls, but still, my ripped-up jeans were embarrassing with all these hot boys running around. 
	I pulled myself up so that I was sitting on my knees- my ass mostly hidden while I sat on it- and watched Haley dump out her backpack. Rolled up jeans and all kinds of t-shirts tumbled out, making a messy pile of treasure in front of me. I couldnt hold back my smile- loot, glorious loot.
	Possibly, I was a pirate in a former life. 
	I dumped my bag, as well, with the makeup and the excessive amount of underwear Id grabbed. Holding up a pair of bright pink boy shorts that had lickable written across the ass, I waggled my eyes at Haley.
	Those are horrible, she groaned but took them from me anyway.
	The joys of shopping in the junior department, I smirked. 
	A throat cleared from behind us and Haley practically sprained her wrist trying to hide the provocative panties, shoving them underneath her thighs. She blushed bright red as we turned our attention to Nelson who was standing in our makeshift doorway, looking amused. I almost laughed out loud. Haley had never blushed, not even when we were in school. She owned her hotness and her sassiness; boys hardly ever stood a chance against her. And now Nelson, in all his sexy-stranger-glory, was giving my poor girl friend a run for her money with his lifted eyebrows and barely contained smirk.
	I just wanted to tell you ladies that theres a bathroom if you want to clean up. We dont have running water, but you can do the whole sponge bath thing. Then theres food if youre hungry. His dark hair was hanging over his forehead, his dark blue eyes sparkling with humor at Haleys odd behavior. 
	Haley seemed unable to speak, so I answered for her, Thanks, but the bed is enough. We dont want to deplete any of your supplies. Were really not here to take from you. 
	Nelson cocked his head back like Id surprised him, and scratched his scruffy beard thoughtfully. Reagan, we have an abundance of supplies and when these run out well just move on and build it up elsewhere. We know how to survive and we know how to scrimp when we need to. We offered you a place to stay because we had one to give to you. Now were offering you a bath and food because we have that to give to you, too. If we didnt, you wouldnt be here.
	I pressed my lips together trying to accept his explanation, both because he was being so generous and because I was afraid to analyze what it would have meant for us if they didnt have space for us. This family seemed fiercely protective of each other and I truly believed they would eliminate any kind of threat to any part of their family.
	Including Hales and me. 
	Best not to become a threat. 
	Alright, I finally relented. Thank you, for everything. 
	Sure, Nelson smiled, but his eyes were on Haley, not me. Not that she would know since she was busy picking invisible lint off the bedspread. 
	Nelson disappeared and I nudged Haley with my knee. So, bath? I couldnt help grinning from ear to ear. 
	Uh, no thanks, she shook her head. I prefer the filthy, street urchin look. I think it brings out my eyes. But then she was wearing her own grin and grabbing all kinds of new clothes and the lickable undies. 
	I had some travel-size shampoo and conditioner we commandeered at the last safe settlement wed stayed at. I traded three packs of Marlborough Reds for them. Haley and I were always on the lookout for things like that, cigarettes, bottles of alcohol, fingernail paint. People would pay dearly for their vices, or to just feel normal for a few moments. 
	This was kind of how I imagined the bartering system in prison to work.
	Turns out I would have been a very profitable inmate. 
	We got to work in the bathroom as soon as the swinging door shut behind us, and made the best use of our opportunity. Since I was still bandaged and broken, Haley washed my hair and I took care of the rest with the tips of my fingers that werent covered and a wet wash cloth. It was mostly a pansy effort as far as the deep scrubbing should have gone, but it was the best I could do with lacerated palms. 
	The water was room temperature and came from a multitude of plastic bottles, but it was better than ice cold and we knew it was clean. I would never complain since we looked human again. Our hair actually smelled good, our nails were clean, our skin not sticky, sweaty and stinky. We dressed in some yoga pants and tank tops that would be comfortable to sleep in, but utilitarian too, just in case we had to leave suddenly. And we even used the mirror to apply some of the makeup I grabbed. Not that we were trying to impress our hosts, but it felt good to have mascara on again. And Chapstick, oh, sweetness, my lips felt fantastic. 
	Back in our borrowed space, we found some more bandages and Neosporin lying on top of the bed. Haley helped change my dressings and we both breathed out a sigh of relief at how well my wounds seemed to be closing up. We both slipped on socks and lined up our shoes at the end of our bed. 
	It was weird to be without shoes. We never walked around barefoot anymore, there just wasnt that option. The only time our shoes ever came off, was just so we could change clothes; but immediately they went back on. And we were never barefoot at the same time. We were always ready to run or fight. We had to be. This was the nature of the world we lived in. 
	We set some better traveling clothes out next to our freshly organized packs and tidied up the small space we shared. Even though this place felt safer than anywhere wed been in years, we always had to be ready to run- always.
	Finally, we left our living space to raid the kitchen. My hair was down and floating around my shoulders; it tickled my skin and felt cool and refreshing since it was still damp. It was longer than it ever had been and I reminded myself to be on the lookout for some scissors so Haley could trim it for me sometime.
	Oh, my gosh, Reagan, they have peanut butter, Haley groaned. She lifted a jar of creamy Jiffy and started to unscrew the red cap. 
	Wait, Haley, I gasped before grabbing a plastic spoon and jumping to stand next to her. Ok, go. 
	She slowly twisted off the cap and we sat there staring at the untouched peanut butter for several moments, just inhaling the scent. I honestly wiped at my mouth because I was afraid I was drooling. 
	Knock yourselves out, we all hate that stuff, Vaughan offered.
	What? Haley snapped her head up to stare him down. You all hate peanut butter? Are you sure youre not Zombies?
	Vaughan laughed. Pretty sure.
	So you dont mind if we.? I gestured at the peanut butter and swirled my spoon over it. 
	Like I said, knock yourselves out, he smiled at me. We just found it the last time we went raiding and thought why not? If worse comes to worst, right? 
	Haley and I made sounds of agreement but were already spoon deep in the deliciousness and moaning over the taste on our tongues.
	Whens the last time you girls had anything to eat? Vaughan asked, clearly amused with our reaction to good food. 
	I looked over the top of my spoon at Haley, feeling the familiar instinct to be careful with what I revealed to others. Whats it been, Hales? Three days?
	Four, she corrected quickly. And it was a tuna and cracker pack that we shared. 
	I shuddered at the memory. Tuna was so gross, but we seemed to find it the most often. Plus, it did have protein, which we needed desperately. 
	So youve just been constantly moving from place to place, scavenging where you can? Vaughan asked slowly. His eyebrows were drawn together and his lips turned down in a frown.
	I suddenly felt protective of our lifestyle. No, it wasnt ideal, but it was all we had. And we were surviving, which was the most important part. 
	Weve never had the resources to set up like you guys, I spat out defensively. And its not like we can just settle into someone elses settlement. Im not ready to repopulate the planet with some sixty year old guy that already has seven other wives.
	Vaughan grimaced at my words. You obviously see how dangerous it is out there for two pretty, unarmed girls. 
	Im not unarmed, I shot back.
	Haley is, he argued.
	For now, she said with a hint of threat in her voice. Just for now. 
	We know how to take care of ourselves, Vaughan, I said evenly to diffuse the growing tension between us. I didnt see why he cared, though. He had given us one night here; hed made it clear that was as far as his generosity went. It didnt make sense that now he was trying to convince us to take better care of ourselves. Obviously, if there was a better way, we would be doing it by now. Weve made it on our own for almost two years. And while we appreciate your generosity, we dont need you babysitting us. 
	Vaughan held up his hands in defeat, but his eyes glimmered with a silent challenge. I get it. Im not judging you. 
	Vaughan walked away, leaving us with our peanut butter. The smooth stickiness coated my mouth and tasted like heaven. I sucked on the spoon a little, making sure I got every last bite. I groaned at the taste of something so rich and delicious. These boys could rule the world with supplies like this.
	And that wasnt far from the truth. 
	A tingle spread out across my neck and I had the distinct feeling I was being watched. My eyes snapped up and locked with Hendrixs. He was across the room, standing in the middle of the floor just watching me. It was like our gaze had caught him mid-step and he wasnt sure what to do next. 
	After years of being chased by Zombies, I wasnt intimidated easily, but there was something so revealing about his stare I wasnt sure what to do with myself. I pulled the spoon out of my mouth and licked my lips nervously while he just stood there, staring at me. 
	Haley gave me a nudge with her shoulder and my attention was successfully averted. I looked down at the peanut butter jar and felt my cheeks heat from a confusing blush. I wondered if Hendrix would have been this strange in a normal world, or if everything normal inside of him snapped when things got bad.
	Or maybe, in the pre-Zombie world, he was just as brooding and serious. If he were cast in my Zombie version of Vampire Diaries, he so would have been Stefan, the very brother I wanted to watch die of something grotesque and gruesome. Team Daemon every single day. 
	What was that about? Haley whispered. She opened a pack of Ritz crackers and we both dug in, spreading the peanut butter across the crackers before devouring them- this was a feast. 
	I have no idea, I giggled. 
	You have pretty hair, a small, unmistakably girly voice said from behind me. 
	Haley and I both turned to face Page. She had to Page- the fact that she was a little girl and the spitting image of her brothers mostly gave it away. She had long, dark blonde hair like Hendrix. It curled at the ends and stopped halfway down her petite back. She had huge, bright blue eyes that were widened with curiosity and full, Cupids bow lips that I believed were a family trait. She couldnt have been more than nine and she reminded me of a fairy. Her features were gorgeously exaggerated and she had the cutest ears poking through her curtain of thick hair. 
	I looked from Haley back to Page, before deciding she was talking to me, since her attention was firmly fixed on my face. Thank you, I smiled easily. So do you.
	Thank you, she beamed back. Its nice to hear that. Did you know boys dont know how to say thank you? My mama taught me, she taught me how to use all my manners. But Vaughan says most boys didnt have the same kind of mama. And he says our mama forgot to teach my brothers.
	Haley and I did our best to bite back laughter. I bet your mama didnt forget to teach them. I leaned forward as if I was telling her a secret. I bet they just forgot to learn. 
	Pages eyes lit up with excitement and she bobbed her head up and down in agreement. I bet youre right! 
	Do you want some peanut butter or crackers? I asked, holding out the jar for her.
	She wrinkled her precious little upturned nose and shook her head again, her glossy hair bouncing around her shoulders. No, thank you.
	Those are great manners, I encouraged before trading my offering to the sleeve of crackers. She took a few from the package and started nibbling on them. 
	Hey, Page, Hendrix greeted slowly. He joined us in the kitchen area, leaning up against the wall. His eyes were narrowed in distrust and he glanced over his sister with careful concern. Making some friends?
	Hendrix, Page said seriously, They have manners.
	Haley choked on a giggle and I shot Hendrix a saucy wink. He didnt seem to know what to do with me, which made me kind of giddy for some reason.
	I think Page has given up on the male species as a whole, I explained to Hendrix. As it turns out, boys everywhere arent able to remember their manners. 
	The peaks of Hendrixs cheeks pinkened and he cast his eyes down at his shuffling feet. We just tease her, he admitted. 
	And the male species is lost as a whole, Haley grunted. Then in a whisper she said, Probably best not to get her hopes up.
	Is that why you two are traveling alone? Vaughan interrupted the conversation, followed by the rest of the brothers. Nelson looked truly interested, but King and Harrison mostly looked like they didnt have anything else to do.
	Whos left to travel with? Haley asked on an annoyed grunt. Everyone we know is dead.
	Except us, I reiterated obviously, just so we could hear it again. 
	Except us, Haley whispered. 
	How did you girls survive? How have you survived this long? Nelson asked, his eyebrows drawn and his gaze fixed on Haley again. 
	We got kind of lucky, Haley explained somberly. Everything fell apart for us in three days. When Reagans boyfriend tried to eat her, we decided it was time to skip town and head south. 
	Where are you from? Vaughan asked this time. 
	I allowed the questions, but only because I had as many for them. 
	Iowa, Haley said. 
	What do you mean your boyfriend tried to eat you? Hendrix asked insistently.
	I hesitated. Inside my head I joked up about it, but in reality it was pretty f-ed up. Not that everyone still alive and not eating human flesh didnt have a similar story, but Chris had once been a person, had once been a friend and potential lover. 
	Ok, I shuddered at that. That just sounded. wrong. Zombie or not.
	In two days, wed both lost our parents, I gestured between Haley and myself. We hadnt really taken the Zombie threat seriously until then. I mean, honestly, who could have known Zombies turned out to be real; they were supposed to just be this thing in movies. Our parents got off easy. They were in a town assembly, with most of the other adults, trying to figure out what to make of the military and news reports and the assembly was attacked. Some were turned into Feeders, but a lot of them were just slaughtered. Our parents were the lucky ones. We all knew that meant they died on the spot, that didnt need to be said. We thought about sticking around, making a haven of the place wed lived our whole lives, but when Chris came over to stay with me. I trailed off, not knowing how to finish that one. 
	He tried to gobble her up. So she stabbed him in the face with a butcher knife then practiced parallel parking on his body until his head wasnt attached to his neck anymore, Haley finished dramatically.
	I sighed- so not one of the shining moments of humanity. 
	Impressive, whistled Vaughan. 
	Necessary, I countered. 
	Definitely, Hendrix agreed.
	And then you guys just booked it? Nelson finished the story.
	First we confirmed that neither of us had added brains to our daily food pyramid, then we packed up the still bloody Escalade and drove it till there wasnt any gas left.
	Haley added, Which wasnt very long. Wed only had a half tank to begin with and by the time we needed to fill up, the gas stations were war zones. We ditched the car and started walking.
	Smart of you not to risk gas, Vaughan noted. And he was right. By the time Haley and I fled our childhood homes, humanity had seemingly forgotten everything civilized and safe. Grocery stores, gas stations and Costcos- especially Costcos- all became battlegrounds for a deadly version of capture the flag. All the settlements we saw along the way were set up near a cluster of those things. Even though gas and food supplies were probably on the thin side now, those buildings still represented power and wealth. Even if settlements were relatively peaceful, it was guaranteed they hadnt started out that way. 
	Whats your ultimate plan? Hendrix asked in a rumbling voice. I looked up at him and met his stare. He was intimidating and practical. I got the distinct impression when Hendrix asked questions they were always directed to get necessary, concise answers. 
	Were going south, Haley said on a shrug. I shot her a glare but she either didnt see me or was ignoring me. 
	South where? Hendrix asked, standing up a bit straighter. His shoulders were tense and rigid, his body strung tight with something aggressive. 
	I cleared my throat in a plea to get Haley to shut up, but she plowed forward, definitely ignoring me. South America, Compadre. Or what used to be that general vicinity. 
	You cant be serious, Vaughan scoffed, sharing a look with his brother. Vaughan rubbed a hand across his scruffy jaw in a gesture of frustration. 
	Dead, Haley smiled sweetly. Serious, that is.
	Why in the hell would you want to go down there? Nelson gaped at us. 
	Language, Page hissed in the sweetest, sternest voice Id ever heard. Pretty sure I was already in love with that little girl. 
	Sorry, Pagey, Nelson smiled sheepishly down at his little sister who gave him a benevolent nod of approval in return. Why in the world would you head south? You have to have heard about the drug cartel? The slaving? The armies of Zombies?
	All eyes landed on me, as if this was my idea alone and I was dragging poor Haley along to her death. Which. okay, maybe that was true, but I had a good reason for going that way.
	Sure, weve heard of those things, I lifted my shoulders casually. 
	And youre still going there? Hendrix asked incredulously. His eyes were flashing with anger, as he worked his jaw back and forth in frustration. Whats down there that would make you willing to face Zombies in hordes, or worse, ex-cartel that would enslave you and make you entertain whole encampments of men? 
	Its the mountains, I whispered. I didnt really want to give this away, but I had the deepest urge to defend my decision.
	We have mountains here, Hendrix said slowly. 
He seemed to have reined back the control hed lost moments ago. It wasnt until he regained his composure that I realized how out of place it felt when hed started yelling at me. I shook my head a little at that, though, wondering why I even thought I knew him enough to judge his character or personality. We literally met hours ago; I had no idea who this guy was.
My dads cousin lives, or um, lived down there. As far as I know, shes still alive. Anyway, she was this missionary. She had an orphanage in the Andes Mountains. When things started to get bad, she begged my dad to move us down there. She said it was safer than Iowa. She was protected by the mountains, there were very few people up there and she knew of this ancient Mayan city that had walls. She said wed be able to protect ourselves, rebuild society. My stomach churned with uncertainty, even as I pressed myself to sound confident. Mayan ruins? Andes Mountains? It really did sound crazy. 
Yeah and whens the last time you talked to her? Hendrix pushed, that careful control slipping again. 
Right before my parents died, I answered. There wasnt a way to make them understand, to get them to see my view on this. I knew that- mostly because it was practically insane to try to get through Mexico. Things had been dangerous down there for young girls traveling alone before the Zombie infestation. Now? It would be a miracle if I survived just crossing the border. The phones were still working and my parents were considering it. They thought they would see how the assembly went, what other news was being floated around, then we would either stay or buy a plane ticket.
Your parents died early, Page whispered with the wisdom of someone five times her age. Ours didnt go to heaven until after the planes stopped flying and the cars stopped driving.
I pressed my lips together, uncomfortable with her sentiment. Iowa had been overtaken surprisingly fast, considering how many empty miles fell along all that farmland. It still seemed impossible that my entire home town was now a Zombie playground. 
Page was right, though, my parents had gone early, because wed been unprepared. Something I vowed never to be unprepared again, until tonight when I karate kicked my way into these peoples lives- literally. These boys made me feel very unprepared for life. 
Youll never make it through Mexico, Hendrix announced gravely, getting us back on topic.
Weve made it this far, I argued.
By pure luck and our generosity, he countered.
I snorted at that, Hardly. We would have made it out just fine. In case you didnt notice, Haley swept up down there.
Yeah, fine, he bit out. But now her gun is empty. And how much ammo do you have left, Reagan? You hadnt even drawn your weapon when you came flying through that door. I bet you have less than a handful of bullets left. I bet youre on the last of everything. 
Thats not entirely true. Ive got plenty of makeup. I shot him a sassy look and turned an evil glare on Haley. 
My point exactly, Hendrix growled. 
Okay, great plan-maker, whats your long term goal? You cant stay here forever. Eventually you two will run out of supplies, water, and food. Then, what? I was furious by now. Hendrix had made me feel tiny and my plan seemed stupid. It was obnoxious how quickly he could derail me then fluster my every thought. 
Were heading north, Vaughan replied evenly, not at all as angry as his brother. Nova Scotia, or anywhere isolated in the Canadian provinces.
No slavers up north and not as many people turned Zombies to run into, Nelson explained further. Were going through the Dakotas, taking our time so that we can stay strong, well-fed. 
Racing your way anywhere, so that youre starving and unarmed is foolish, Hendrix echoed, obviously digging directly at our methods of travel.
Going the pace of a snail, so that all that glorious land you were gunning for, is occupied and settled, is just as foolish, I growled back. 
Its not the California Gold Rush, Reagan. Youre playing with your lives when you expose yourself like this. Youre obviously starved and undersupplied. What would have happened to you if we wouldnt have found you digging through the womens clothing? Where would you have slept tonight? Hendrixs blue eyes were as deep as the ocean, his face flushed with emotion.
This both bristled and terrified me, What do you care, Hendrix? We are not your concern. In fact, in T-six hours, were going to be well on our way, headed toward the other side of the equator than you. Leave it alone. 
	I met his heated stare straight on and dared him to make some kind of contradiction, although I couldnt even imagine what he would say. And apparently neither could he, because he stayed silent, except for the click of his jaw as he ground his teeth in frustration. 
	Vaughan cleared his throat uncomfortably before saying, Alright, now that weve gotten that settled, its time for bed, Page. 
	She put up a pathetic attempt at getting out of it, but after a stern look from her older brother, she obeyed by heading off to brush her teeth. 
	Haley and I too, said goodnight to the brothers and walked over to our comfortable room. We laid down on the bed, side by side, our fingers interlocked and our thoughts spinning a mile a minute. 
	I didnt know how to explain to Haley the need I had to go south and the instinct and faith I had in us; I had to keep us moving that direction. And I was guessing, after all the doubts Hendrix had just planted, that she was thinking about what a mistake she had made to follow my lead. Neither of us could voice our thoughts, though, so we stayed quiet. 
	Besides, wed made it through this day. And in our uncertain lives, each day we survived was enough to be thankful for. 
	Eventually, we both turned so our backs were to each other and our hands on the guns under our pillows. Mine was loaded and ready; Haleys had simply become a security blanket after it had run out of bullets. This wasnt the first time wed been low on ammo and it would by no means be the last. I was just thankful Nelson had returned it earlier, after they decided we werent threats. 
	Sleeping on the bed was the most comfortable experience I could remember. Id finally drifted off in peaceful sublime when the first pounding of a fist sounded loudly through the empty room. 
	Like the hand of a demigod that boomed a rattling echo throughout the room; the fist came down again on the steel barrier that sat melded on those stairs. Another bang and I was sitting up in bed, watching the entire room of brothers, Page and Haley follow suit. I shared a terrified look with Haley as our nightmare became reality. 
	One fist was joined by two, then two more. My heart got caught somewhere in my throat and I rubbed my sleepy eyes roughly. 
	Through the pounding of fists, the low, tell-tale moaning could be heard like an undercurrent of the Grim Reapers soundtrack. The putrid stench of death floated through the air, and I knew that my peaceful night of sleep was officially at an end. 
	The Feeders had followed us, right up to the top floor of utopia. 
	Looked like we would be checking out a few hours ahead of schedule.

Chapter Four

	Time to move on? Haley asked dryly. Her voice was rough with sleep, her blonde hair a rats nest of messy. 
	Looks like it, I agreed in an equally raspy voice. Up until this moment I was sleeping better than I had in a very, very long time. And, even though I was ripped from sleep by an impending Zombie infestation, I was at least waking up semi-rested and without a nasty crick in my neck. 
	So, this was much better than most nights.
	Girls, were moving out in three minutes. Hendrix stood in the doorway, semi-automatic machine gun held firmly in his hands. Where the hell did he get that? Throw some shoes on. You dont have time to pack.
	I snorted. Like, were not completely ready to go already. 
	Haley and I jumped up from bed and slipped our shoes on while simultaneously throwing on long-sleeved ts over our tank tops. I had my hair knotted on the top of my head and my backpack shouldered in thirty seconds. 
	Ready, Haley said with a smile. She twirled her empty gun on her index finger and I probably would have laughed if the solid steel over the stairwell hadnt started shaking from the incessant pounding of hungry Zombies out for a midnight snack.
	Hendrix gave us a look of mixed surprise and respect and nodded his head for us to follow him.
	Do you have any more of those you want to share? I asked, indicating the machine gun. 
	Over by Vaughan, he pointed to a table that had been covered by a curtain before. Take your pick. 
	The table was layered with guns and ammo of every size, shape and power. I walked over in a dazed stupor. Where did all this come from?
	At my look of amazement, Vaughan smirked, Weve been collecting.
More like hoarding, I moaned excitedly. I can pick?
	Take whatever you want, but make sure you know how to use it, he instructed while strapping on his own guns and filling a second backpack in addition to the one he was already wearing. We leave in one minute.
	Haley and I shared a smile and loaded up; two semi-automatic hand guns in each palm, several more thrown into the top of our packs with matching ammo and then that was it.
	Damn it, the sweats! Haley groaned. With jeans we could have easily tucked a gun in the back of our waistband, but yoga pants didnt have pockets and werent tight enough- comfy to sleep in, sucky to run from Zombies in. 
	Well be okay, I assured her evenly. Move your water to your pack and tuck some more guns into the side straps of your backpack.
	Good idea, she agreed. 
	We did that quickly while Nelson, King and Harrison strapped on their own assortments of guns. By this time the steel bent and groaned with the pressure of so many Feeders pushing against it. It was just a matter of moments before the barrier snapped like a crushed can of soda.
	My heart dropped a little bit when I saw how many guns would get left behind, but there wasnt anything I could do about that or the food that wouldnt make it either. This was survival. We would be fighting our way through who knew how many Zombies; there wasnt time to mourn left-behind peanut butter. 
	Okay, maybe there were five seconds to whimper about it.
	Lets go, Vaughan called out quietly from in front of the elevators. Despite his effort to keep his voice soft, the Zombies frantic pounding increased at the sound of life where they couldnt see it.
	We stood in line while Nelson and Vaughan took crowbars to the seamed steelwork that kept the elevators locked up. Page stayed tucked in Harrisons arms through the tense minutes it took to pry the doors apart; and all the while the metal cage above the stairs shifted and swayed. The hungry growls of Feeders only grew louder and more insistent. 
	This leads to the outside? I asked Hendrix who had come to stand next to me.
Eventually, he shrugged. He sounded casual, but he was bouncing on the balls of his feet, his hands fidgeting and eyes continually drifting to Page. He was a ball of energy, completely alert and ready to protect his family. 
	Alright, well thanks then, I whispered sincerely. Nelson and Vaughan finally got the doors open and pulled a thick wire cable from where the elevator sat idling. They began yanking on it together so that the elevator was raised past the floor and a crawl space was created by a makeshift pulley system. 
	Clever boys.
	For what? Hendrix asked with his attention fully on me now.
	For everything, I shrugged. 
	You sound like youre expecting to die, Reagan, Hendrix snapped a little louder than I felt comfortable with. The Zombies screeched in reply. We have an escape plan. Youre going to be just fine. 
	I repressed a laugh and admitted, I know that. But were headed south and youre headed north. I was just saying thank you before we got separated and I never got the chance to. I mean it, thank you.
	Hendrix looked down at me dumbfounded, like Id just said the most insane thing. Finally Nelson got the cable securely stabilized and started waving his brothers through. Vaughan went first; he lay down and slid underneath the elevator carriage and waved a hand once he was suspended underneath. I was assuming there were cables or ropes of some kind underneath, although I couldnt see them. Harrison helped Page through the hole, and then we heard Vaughans encouraging words to her as she shook with fear.
	Alright, Reagan, Hendrix said softly but firmly, directly in my ear. I shivered as his breath cascaded down my neck and his rumbly voice wrapped around all of my senses. I get the independence thing, but youre not going south until we get the hell out of here and to safety. You stay directly behind me, you got that.
	I whipped my head around to face him, while Haley crawled into the hole next. Sweet offer, but I can take care of myself.
	Never said you couldnt, Hendrix growled. Stay behind me, got that?
	Whatever makes you feel like a man, I sighed, annoyed that I had somehow agreed to his protection without actually agreeing.
	And well talk about going south later, he promised.
	Before I could respond with anything to that kind of crazy talk it was my turn to crawl through the elevator hole. I slid my arms through first and felt for the rope I had to believe would be there. My backpack barely squeezed through with me. Once my hands were firmly holding the thick wire cable, I awkwardly pulled my feet through and straddled the rope. I held on as tightly as I could, but my hands wanted to slip and my feet struggled for footing. 
	A flashlight had been dropped in the shaft and even though it hardly gave off any light, it was like a beacon of hope that promised there was life at the end of this rope. My biceps burned from holding my body up and my feet were planted so firmly against the wall I had no idea how I was going to get down. 
	Suddenly hands slid through the hole and my ass was firmly gripped in Hendrixs arms. 
	What the hell? I gasped as he worked something around my waist. 
	Just, he grunted, snapped a carabineer in place and then breathed out a, There. 
	He had tied a rope under my bum, supporting my weight and taking the pressure off my arms and hands. I still had to hold most of my weight by myself, but it was easier to move down the wall. Hendrix slid through the hole next and did the same to himself on the rope next to mine.
	Where are you supposed to stay? He ground out as we worked our way down the wall, leaning back and painstakingly walking our way down the elevator shaft. 
	I shot him a nasty look, but he couldnt see me because of all the darkness. Hendrix, are you kidding me?
	By me, Reagan. Always, by me, he answered, ignoring my sarcasm. 
	My stomach flipped over at his words and suddenly I felt very sick- whether it was from the sudden onslaught of nerves or foreboding-- I had no idea, but there it was. I shook it off, convincing myself wed be separated by the time this night was over. 
	The sounds of Harrison and King strapping in above us filled up the oppressive silence; Hendrix and I both fell quiet. Beads of sweat broke out across my forehead and every single muscle in my body burned with the effort to get to the ground.
We eventually hit the smooth concrete floor and started to unstrap without hesitation. Nelson was the last one through the hole above and just as I walked through the pried open elevator doors on the first floor, I heard a slice of a knife through the air, the whip of a taut cable as the pressure was suddenly released and the slam of the elevator back into place, suspended three floors above me.
	We rigged it so its not connected to anything, but theres a barrier to keep it from falling down the shaft. It should hold in place for a while. Were just trying to confuse them while we get out of here. But if they follow our scent, the elevator wont hold them for long. Hendrix explained. 
	Do you think my bloody clothes will confuse them? I whispered, meanwhile ice cold dread sloshed through my stomach when I realized bloody clothes might have been what drew them here in the first place.
	Probably, Hendrix agreed.
	Hey, Im sorry-
	Not now, Reagan, he cut me off and raised his weapon. 
	This section of the first floor was tucked away from the main hubbub of Zombie traffic. I could hear the horde of Feeders above us pounding on steel, desperate to get to live flesh. They were mindless in their hunger, their cognitive thinking long gone and replaced by an addiction, a powerful need that would destroy the human race all together if we couldnt figure out a way to permanently survive their constant attacks. 
	Vaughan and Haley waited for us along the wall, their backs up against it, their guns drawn and pointed readily. Page stayed tucked between them, shouldering her own light pack, but weapon-free. This floor was lit up by the moonlight flooding through broken windows and plowing through walls. There were a few decaying bodies lying throughout the area, their stench choking in its ferocity; the sound of buzzing flies was the only thing to break up the cacophony of Feeder sounds above.
	Finally, King, Harrison and Nelson were at ground level and ready to bolt. We waited for Vaughans command and then we set out. Hendrix led the way, with Haley and me directly behind him; Nelson and Page were next, then King and Harrison. Vaughan brought up the rear like an expert. I was shocked at the level of precision these boys operated with. They were like a fluid, well-trained military unit. And I expected the older ones to be comfortable with weapons, they would have grown used to them the same way Haley and I had. But Harrison and King were just as proficiently in control. 
	We stepped our way carefully through the debris and bodies on the floor, working toward a section of the wall that had been blown out by something. It was hard to decipher, since the debris around it was blackened and charred but not obliterated. 
	Just as Hendrix stepped through the hole, his gun went off in his hand- on purpose; but it scared the living hell out of me. A strangled moan sounded and the body of a wandering Feeder slumped to the ground. 
	We all let out a collective breath that lasted half a second. The sound of Hendrixs gun rang through the night and the pounding upstairs stopped immediately. It was like I could feel the attention of the horde shift from that metal box to our position downstairs.
	The hairs on my neck prickled stiffly, just before all pandemonium broke loose. Hendrix looked back over his shoulder, sharing a look with someone behind me before his eyes met mine in steely determination. 
	With me, he mouthed and just as I gave him a nod of agreement he took of sprinting. 
	I heard Nelson scoop Page up and the boys behind us pounded pavement as Hendrix led the way out of there. 
	The sounds of crashing metal echoed through the night and Zombies started charging us from every direction. They flooded the small Missouri downtown like waters invading space after a dam broke. They were everywhere, in every direction, ravaging the space between them and us. 
	They were mindless, yes, easily killed if you got a good shot to the head; it helped that they were no longer freely thinking human beings. But they were excellent hunters, obsessed with only one thing- eating. Usually they wandered slowly, stumbling around. But if there was a strong enough scent to grab their attention, if they were starving or focused on a kill, they could be faster than any normal human being and more cunning than humanly possible. 
	That was the state they were in now. Our skirmish earlier must have triggered something, or they were learning to communicate with each other, because there were more Feeders in this area than I had ever seen in one place. There were tons of them, at least fifty and they were ravenous as they chased us down. 
	Hendrix seemed to know where he was going and I pushed my body to its very limits to keep up with him. My pack was heavy and awkward, it was not comfortable to run with guns in both hands and if I was honest, my pants were kind of slipping down. None of that mattered though. All I had to do was run for my life, get away from these Feeders and believe Hendrix had a plan.
	Oh my god, let him have a plan.
	Reagan, to your left! Vaughan called out from behind me and without thinking or slowing I turned to the left and started shooting. On the third shot I hit the Feeder in the throat, adjusted my aim and fired off another shot that landed directly between his eyes before he crumbled to the ground. 
	I breathed a short sigh of relief before sucking it right back in. They were everywhere, seemingly coming from all directions. They were bloodied, their faces simultaneously slack and fierce. Their eyes were bright with hunger, and their hands clawed at the air in front of them, desperate to capture a meal. The stench of death and decay permeated the air, and my eyes watered against the ferocity of it. 
	Guns started firing in every direction. We closed in on each other, while still moving forward. Nelson moved into the middle, Page clutched against his chest, her screams echoing in the space that wasnt filled with gunshots or the ravening sounds of Feeders.
	Finally we reached an abandoned mechanics garage, with the lift gate still in place. Hendrix lunged for the rope that connected at the bottom and would pull up the heavy door. 
	Reagan, Haley, help them cover me, Hendrix shouted while using brute strength to lift the gates. 
	Zombie after Zombie was felled as our unit shot proficiently. Haley and I had stopped missing our targets a while ago, and I could tell these guys were in the same place. It wasnt that I was born with this natural talent or even harbored some kind of intuitive skill. This capability, to get a Feeder directly between the eyes in one shot, was born out of necessity to live and lack of easily disposable ammunition. I didnt have time or resources to waste shots and I really didnt have any desire to become one of them or die gruesomely at their hands. 
	All it would take was one bite for my brain to stop processing coherent thoughts and concepts and my mouth to start watering specifically for living flesh. Just one, bloody, skin-breaking bite. 
	And if I got lucky, then I would just suffer through one of them eating me completely. That wouldnt be a fast death, or a welcome one. 
	Those thoughts were what fueled each pull of the trigger, each perfectly aimed shot. Those were the thoughts that kept me relentless, kept me focused. 	
	No matter how many guns we aimed at the crowd, it just seemed to keep growing. They were coming from everywhere. We werent stopping them, only holding them off, but I knew this couldnt last. There were just not enough of us, and way too many of them! 
	Hendrix, we have to get out of here now! Vaughan shouted over his shoulder. 
	With a powerful grunt of force, I heard the garage door lift open all the way just as a gush of stifled air escaped the cage the garage had created and washed over my back. 
	We kept shooting, even more fervently now that our means of escape was exposed. We were the closest to safety we had been yet, at the same time the most vulnerable to death. 
	With an almost superhumanly quick glance over my shoulder I saw a gunmetal gray Hummer just waiting to take us to safety. 
	For real? I whooshed out a breath of relief. 
	Always have a backup plan, Reagan, Hendrix breathed over my shoulder. His right arm was aimed high and he was back to shooting the semi-circle of Zombies that had closed in around us. With his free hand, he snaked his arm around my waist and pulled me back against his chest. I was too focused to be surprised or react, but I would definitely be analyzing that move to death if I survived this. 
	As one we started backing toward the car, until Vaughan called out the order to go. 
	We all dove for the Hummer, Hendrix never let up his grip on my waist until I was sufficiently shoved into third row back seat. Haley scrambled up after me. Page was tossed in on the other side and Nelson, King and Harrison crawled into the second row seating. Vaughan and Hendrix were the last to jump in the front seat, with Vaughan driving. He started the vehicle immediately, keys already in the ignition. 
	All the windows were rolled down, which seemed unsafe to me at first and I expected them to get rolled up before we took off. Instead, every brother but Vaughan, who was driving, aimed their guns out the window and began shooting while Vaughan plowed ahead through the tightening ranks of Feeders. 
	Haley and I threw our bodies over Page, maneuvering her in between us, and then covered our ears as gunshot after gunshot rang out loudly in the night. The poor child quaked with fear, screaming at the top of her lungs, but the sound was drowned out by the heavy gun fire. 
	The Zombies came without pause, and the guys shot back just as fiercely. The only break in their incessant shooting was when they needed to grab a different gun or quickly and expertly reload the one they were using. 
	Vaughans window was a glaring weak spot, since he couldnt shoot and drive at the same time and that was where the Zombies seemed to focus. Nelson did his best as he leaned out the window and King climbed up through the sunroof and stood on the seat so he could pick them off from his birds eye view. 
	Vaughan plunged forward, through the crowd that would happily eat us; he knocked bodies over right and left without managing to kill them. I glanced through the back window only to watch them rise again, sometimes dragging barely hanging body parts with them- such was their need to feed, the addiction to warm flesh. So desperate were they that they could no longer feel their own pain until they felt the kill shot to the brain. 
	They were swarming us now, rocking the car as Vaughan stomped on the gas, but got nowhere. A clawed, curled finger swiped through Harrisons window, clawing at the seat where it missed Harrison, only to have him hit it a second later with a bullet through the eye. Blood splattered all over the outside of the car, and on the inside of the door; smelly, decaying bits of flesh stuck everywhere they landed. 
	My stomach rolled, but I kept it together. I had to. There was no losing it, not this close to safety. 
	Finally, fed up with our slow progress, Hendrix let out a loud growl of frustration and swung his body out the passenger window. Holding on to the roof with his inside arm, he aimed his semi-automatic machine gun and let loose on everything in front of us. Zombies en masse were felled by the spray of his gun, eventually clearing a path for Vaughan and the gigantic Hummer.
	Vaughan stomped down on the accelerator; we were thrown back against our seats as the car finally made forward progression. Hendrix cursed as the momentum swung him precariously from his window ledge perch and his gun shot off in the air. 
	Once he regained his balance, he swiftly traded his multiple-fire weapon for a simpler handgun and picked off the stragglers as they held on with scary strong hands. One by one, they were released from our vehicle and this life, and we were left to breathe through the remaining adrenaline and finally palpable silence. 
	This strip of road was clear, and hopefully stayed clear for a while, although I knew that was too much to ask. Eventually there would be debris; eventually the Hummer would run out of gas. But right now, we had transportation and all of our limbs. No one was lost tonight, well, no one that could still be considered of-the-living. And Haley and I had held on to our packs. 
	Vaughan rolled up the windows when everyone, and every gun, was safely tucked back inside; we sat in silence for twenty more minutes before anyone made a sound. Haley and I kept our arms wrapped around a still trembling Page, and each other.
	Tonight had been a close freaking call.
	Wed had them before, but suddenly with Hendrix, Vaughan and all their siblings, the stakes seemed incredibly higher- there were way more people that could die. 
	When my heart started to beat a normal rhythm again and the Zombies were miles behind us, I found my strength and spoke up. You can drop us anywhere, Vaughan. The sun should be up soon and we dont want to get too far off course.
	Reagan, Haley whispered and nodded her head in the direction of the just rising sun- to our left. 
	Oh, thats probably not necessary, Vaughan coughed out, keeping his eyes firmly on the road in front of us. 
	Turns out you sold us on the south, Reagan, Hendrix explained evenly. He turned in his seat so he could look me in the eye. Remember what we agreed earlier?
	My heart slammed into my chest, coming to a complete stop before starting up again at an insane pace. He couldnt possibly mean that he wanted me to stay with him- always. I shook my head to indicate I didnt remember what he was talking about. 
	We just met. 
	There wasnt anything between us to where he would risk his life for me. He had a family to think about, a little sister who was curled into my side so tightly it was painful- not that I would ever push her way. But for all I knew, I was leading them on a suicide mission. And the reluctant hope that started to flare in my chest when I thought this man, this incredibly loyal, capable man, wanted me was way more emotion than I was ready to deal with. 
	You dont remember? Hendrix asked with narrowed eyes. Then well talk about it later. Ill help you remember. His voice was smooth sex appeal as it washed over my body; I shivered involuntarily. 
	My breathing became shallow as I felt the distant pang of butterflies attack my stomach. Hendrix turned back around in his seat, his shoulders back, his posture commanding and dominant, even while he sat down. 
	Haley grabbed my knee and squeezed tightly at the same time she dropped her head to hide a smile. Looking up at me from under her still messy hair, she shot me a mischievous wink. It was overdramatic enough that I finally cracked a smile and let out a whoosh of air. 
	That was until I glanced back up and caught Vaughans angry stare in the review mirror. The rising sun provided just enough light that I could see his attention was firmly fixed on me, his emotions roiling behind his dark blue eyes.
	His expression made me rethink every bit of relief Id just felt. With a more confident voice than I felt, I argued, Really, you dont have to change your entire life plans for us. Haley and I can make it. And you have Page to think about. 
	Vaughan and Hendrix both shot forward in their seats, ready to argue with me, but it was Nelsons calm voice of reason that brought the final decision to a head. Reagan, wed already decided to stick with you girls before the Zombies attacked tonight. Were safer with numbers, especially knowing that you ladies can actually use those guns you cradle around. There are not that many decent living beings left on this planet, probably best we stick together when we find each other.
	And youre not going to try to convince us to go north? I asked carefully, ready for the other shoe to drop.
	Not yet, Hendrix replied. We didnt know anybody up there with a firsthand account; we were just reaching at straws. With that phone call you had with your dads cousin you have more than we ever had.
	Alright, I breathed out slowly.
	Alright, Vaughan echoed.
	Alright, Haley snickered, apparently still amused with Hendrix. 
	At least it will be exciting, Harrison spoke for the first time since Id met him. 
	We all let out a charged laugh. The atmosphere in the Hummer relaxed a little, even while all our eyes stayed sharply focused on the horizon and every other direction. The morning sun was rising in the east and we had at least a few more miles of clear road ahead of us. We survived the night, made new friends and our weapons store, although admittedly depleted after our Battle Royall, was greatly improved since the night before. 
We survived another night.
And with any luck we would survive another one. 
Harrison was right, this would be exciting.
Along with a whole hell of a lot of other things in this world of decay.
I looked down at Page, who had released her tight grip on me and finally fallen asleep, and then over at my best friend in the whole world who had miraculously survived with me this far. 
Okay, things would be exciting in this world of love and decay.

Episode Two

Chapter One
653 Days after initial infection

	Its the hard knock life for us, King started out slowly, drudgingly- like a funeral march. 
	Harrison joined in and hit the high notes in a screeching falsetto, Its the hard knock life for us!
	Steada treated, Nelson continued, We got tricked.
	Steada kisses, now all together in unison, We got kicked.
	Its the hard knock life, King took it back out on a solo.
	Oh, my god, Haley grumbled. Im in a Zombie musical.
	I snickered from the back seat. How do you guys even know that song? I asked, wondering where their knowledge of show tunes could have possibly come from. Whats next? The Sun Will Come Out Tomorrow?
	Is that a Jay-Z song? Harrison asked in all honesty.
	Haley and I shared a look then she smacked him on the back of the head. Youre young, so I will forgive you for that.
	For what? he asked in his squeaky, barely-pubescent voice. 
	For thinking Jay-Z didnt rip that song off a classic movie about little Orphan Annie and Sandy, the loyal but filthy dog that stole all of our hearts, Haley lectured with a stern voice full of conviction. 
	I didnt understand any of that, King admitted, shaking his head slowly back and forth.
	Neither did I, Nelson laughed.
	Haley spun around in her seat to send him the evil eye but he only grinned in response. He slid forward and jabbed her in the back with his long knees and she jerked forward. Her eyebrows shot up in surprise before she recovered and did the whole Im watching you two-fingered point back and forth between them.
	Haley? Page interrupted their adorableness, tugging on her shirt sleeve. Will you tell me about Jazzy and the orphan dog? 
	Nope, Haley looked down at Page, who sat in between her and Harrison in the middle seat. Pages face fell, but she tried to hide it as best she could. Haley smiled at her lovingly and relented, But I will tell you about the Orphan Annie and her dog Sandy.
	Page bounced in her seat, excited all over again. And J-
	No, I will not tell you about Jay-Z, ever. And thanks to the Apocalypse you might never, ever have to hear about that entire genre of music for your entire life. Haley shook her head. But you may ask me about any of the following, Coldplay, Kings of Leon, Mumford and Sons and Simon and Garfunkel.
	Simon and Garfunkel? Vaughan and Nelson spit out in unison. 
	Im eclectic, Haley shrugged. 
	Nelson snorted. Youre a music snob. Theres nothing wrong with Jay-Z. He owned an empire before the infection. 
	Ha! Haley laughed. Going by your pre-Apocalypse standards, the same could be said for P. Diddy. 
	Nelson opened his mouth to vehemently argue that point but Hendrix beat him to it, Diddy. 
	Haley turned her angered attention on him, Excuse me?
	Uh, Diddy. He just goes by Diddy now. Or then. Or. before. 
	Haley, tell me about Orphan Annie! I want to know about Orphan Annie! Pages eyes were big with exasperation and I could easily sympathize with her.
	Alright, Haley gave in. Once upon a time, there was a little girl who didnt have any parents.
	Did they get eaten by Zombies? Page interrupted. 
	That gave us all pause and everyone in the Hummer looked back and forth, avoiding the innocently curious eyes of our baby girl- I said our, because in the week wed spent making excruciatingly slow progress through Missouri, Haley and I had fallen irrevocably in love with this little girl and claimed equal siblinghood with her.
	Hendrix cut in, adding to the story and surprising us all, or at least me. No, Pagey, this was before all the Zombies. Her mommy and daddy didnt even know what a Feeder was.
	Oh, they were so lucky! she grinned at Haley, taking Hendrix at his word.
	They sure were, Sweetness, Haley said through a watery smile. Okay, now no more interrupting my story, alright? Save all your questions till the end.
	Page nodded and off Haley went with tales of Miss Hannigan and Daddy Warbucks. I yawned, feeling lulled by the melodic tone of Haleys voice. I glanced over at King who sat in between Nelson and me in the back row; he had started to doze, too. The good thing about driving during the day was that it was okay to fall asleep. Wed been making progress heading south, but it was very slow travel.	
	We all agreed that traveling during the day was safest. Nobody wanted to face the darkness with only headlights to illuminate the way. And even though Feeders werent bothered by the daylight, they seemed to prefer the night. Or, at least it seemed that way, but it might have been the brightness of the light that attracted them. We lived in this world without electricity, the streetlights were shut off, no houses or buildings created anything to break up the blackness, so when a car was barreling through the night with its headlights on bright, it was basically a We Make a Delicious Snack infomercial.
	So we spent our days driving as far as we could before the early afternoon, at which we would stop, preferably in a town, where we could at least pretend to look for supplies, even though most stores and resources had already been picked through. Once wed find a good, easily protectable place, we would spend the remaining daylight hours turning it into a safe haven, aka a Zombie-free zone. 
	Vaughan, Hendrix and their brothers were very good at securing a location somewhere easily defendable and protected from Feeders. It was almost scary how mobilized and precise they were. Like they had been prepared for this, even groomed for it. The GI Joes of the end of the world.
	Nelson slid forward and jammed his knees into the back of Haleys seat again. She was jostled forward and let loose with a curse under her breath. When she shot Nelson a dirty look without pausing her story, his grin grew bigger, more devilish. 
	I watched the entire exchange in a kind of horrified surprise. There were a million reasons this was a bad idea, but I was shocked Nelson hadnt come up with them by himself. 
	I glared at him until he gave me his attention then I mouthed, Stop flirting! 
	The planes of Nelsons face heated red, but he tried to shrug it off. What? he mouthed back.
	Stop flirting! I demanded again, narrowing my eyes on him. We were like really angry mimes. 
	You first, he accused silently and jabbed a finger toward the front seat. 
	My eyes flickered forward and met Hendrixs immediately. He was turned around, talking quietly with Harrison, but his eyes were on me. My heart jump-started and slammed into my chest as his dark blue eyes held mine. He didnt smile, didnt move, and didnt turn away. He just captured my gaze and paralyzed me. 
	I dont think were flirting, I mumbled, tearing my eyes away from Hendrix and forcing them to my hands on my lap. 
	Oh, I didnt mean with him, Nelson mumbled sounding smug. He wouldnt know how to flirt with a hooker.
	I shot Nelson a nasty look and felt my face flush with embarrassment. He was talking about Vaughan, which made my assumption that it was Hendrix really bad. 
	After five days on the road with these guys, I didnt really know what to think about them, or how to think about them. But I did know there couldnt have been more of a difference between Vaughan and Hendrix. Even though they were only a year apart, they were night and day different when it came to personalities. Vaughan was fun and hilarious; he always found a way to lighten the mood while still keeping control of every situation.
	Hendrix.. Hendrix was the exact opposite. He kind of sucked the fun right out of the room and had a way of making every one of my emotions feel serious and dramatic. 
	Vaughan definitely flirted with me, but I wondered if that was only because I was the lone girl around to play with. He was equally attentive to Haley, but somehow Nelson, third brother down the line and only fifteen months younger than Hendrix, already claimed her, which made me really nervous. 
Didnt Haley get a say in which brother she wanted, if she even wanted a brother? We werent here to hook up with these guys. We were trying to survive.
This was not an episode of Bachelor Zombie Island. This was our lives, and I wasnt even convinced the Parker brothers were going to stick with us all the way to our destination. They had Page to think about, and Harrison and King were barely out of middle school. It wasnt like they could gamble with their safety, which was made obvious by our slow journey. 
According to my road map of the US and Mexico Id salvaged from the Escalade before Haley and I abandoned it back in Iowa, we were still in Missouri for goodness sake. This was like the never-ending road trip, literally from hell. And even though gunfire had been minimal, wed been able to keep everyone safe so far but nerves were high and tension was tight. 
There were just too many people for us to statistically make it all the way to Peru. Id seen plenty of horror/end-of-the-world-movies to know that we were in deep shit. Luckily, Hales and I still had our v-cards. That would boost our staying-alive credibility by at least three extra lives. 
Yep, Id just combined video games with movies and somehow converted it into my survival guide. Somehow this made logical sense to me. I was just going to go with it. 
Vaughan slamming on the brakes yanked me out of my thoughts and my arm swung protectively in front of King. He shot me a WTF look and I shrugged my shoulder, dropping my arm into my lap. 
Sorry, uh, I dont know where that came from. 
The fifteen year old in the prime of puberty rolled his eyes at me and snorted, Thanks, Mom. I feel so super safe now.
Smartass, I mumbled. God, the end of the world has made you so cynical.
We shared a smirk, all my misplaced maternal instincts hopefully forgotten, and turned our attention to the road block in front of us. Then the smirks quickly disappeared when Jaba the Zombie stood before us, grunting and drooling like a giant-sized slobbery dog. He was a massive individual; at least eight feet tall, giant club-like hands and razor sharp teeth that dripped with previously consumed brains. Okay, maybe I was exaggerating a tiny bit, but not by much. There werent actually brains stuck in his teeth- that I could see from here.
The scariest part of all was his bright red eyes that seemed to pulse with his manic hunger. I hated the red eyes. They seemed like overkill in the Were Here to Give You Nightmares Department. 
Page started trembling in the seat in front of us and Haley pulled her into her arms. 
Whyd you stop, Vaughan? Nelson called from our row. Just drive around him and lets leave fat ass in our dusty wake. 
Dusty wake? Sometimes Nelson seemed like a genius with how he talked. Not that dusty wake was anything profound, but there were times he spoke like a college professor; then there were times when he thought tormenting Haley with his knees in her back was enough to woo her.
	Dear grown men everywhere, your elementary school bully tactics pissed us off back then, why are you still convinced they will ever work? Piece of advice, while you were pulling our hair and tripping us, we were giving our first kisses away to the boys that brought us flowers and candy. 
	Take lessons from the smart, non-violent men; those strategies still work.
	Because, Vaughan sighed sounding extremely tired. He has backup.
	Nelson and I saw the other gathered Feeders at the same time and let out twin gasps of shock and fear.
	We were on a stretch of highway that was mostly clear. A few times in the last couple days, the boys would have to get out and physically remove cars from the road while Haley and I provided backup from the roof of the Hummer. Page stayed tucked away inside with either Harrison or King keeping her company. This particular patch of pavement had already been cleared, abandoned cars shoved and hauled to the side of the road by some other travelers at some other time.
	The end result however, had created a line of cars, trucks, one city bus and a few sporadic motorcycles along the highway in what made a kind of wall on both sides of us. While the Oprah-Special-of-a-Zombie created a roadblock down the center, his Death and Decay Gang stood on the roofs of the vehicles, eyeing us just as hungrily but also seeming to wait for a command. 
	What the fu- Nelson murmured but caught himself with a cough. 
	Cuss jar, Page whispered in a quaking voice. 
	The rest of us just kept staring at the problem beyond the hood of the Hummer. 
	Do you think they want us to pay a toll? Harrison asked dryly.
	I let out a bubble of nervous laughter. Obviously, thats why theyre blocking the road. Let me see if I have some spare change. 
	Reagan, get the duffle, Vaughan instructed. 
	Reluctantly, I tore my eyes away from the threat in front of me and bent over my seat so I could dig around in the trunk. I moved as quickly as I could, hating that my back was facing an entire line of Feeders. Keeping them in sight at all times was a hard-learned lesson that I was not about to forget anytime soon. But weapons were important at the moment, so I gave them priority. 
	I heaved the heavy bag over the seat with some help from King and Nelson and we immediately started passing guns and ammo forward. The soothing sound of magazines clicking into place filled the silence of the interior as the scent of decomposing, rancid flesh began to fill the cab.
	King shuddered next to me, They smell extra hungry.
	That they do, Hendrix agreed. Then he turned to face us, his eyes read Lecture Time and his serious mouth said, I am not one with which you f. Vaughan and I will take lead. Nelson, Harrison youre behind us. King stay in the van with Page. His eyes flicked to mine and I lost the ability to breathe. Theyd somehow softened at the same time they deepened in color. He was so protective of me for some reason, so possessive and it didnt make sense to me at all. Reagan and Haley, I want you to climb through the sunroof and use the vantage like a sniper. Were going to move as fast as we can forward, but were not going to be able to hit everyone. You pick up the stragglers. Hows your range? 
	Fine, I said quickly, even though I didnt really know. It hadnt mattered before if I could hit at long distances. If I missed, I always got a second chance because the Feeders never stopped coming after Haley, who was always right beside me, or me. But if I missed this time, they wouldnt need to come after me. They could swarm any of the guys instead. I shivered with the queasy feeling of how much responsibility now rested on my shoulders.
	Were great at long distance, Haley assured Hendrix, but she wasnt very convincing. 
	Hendrixs eyes crinkled in the corners and he shot Haley a look. I need you to do this, he ordered, his eyes finding me again. 
	I just dont. I cleared my throat, I just dont accidentally want to shoot one of you. 
	You wont, Hendrix promised. Youll be able to tell us apart. It will be easy. 
	Yeah, well be the ones not trying to eat each other. And they will be the ones trying to make sandwiches out of us, Vaughan bit out. 
	Harrison groaned. Sandwiches. I havent had a sandwich in forever.
	I shook my head at his casual attitude went back to digging in the giant black duffle bag for the right kind of long distance weapon. I pulled out two automatic rifles and passed them both to Haley, before pulling out two more. 
	We hadnt taken much from the original safe house, but the Hummer was already packed and loaded, ready to go. I needed to find the opportunity to ask them where all the guns and ammo came from. It was on the top of my list. Right after, how did you get so good at this stuff? Are you part of a secret government program that knew the Zombies were coming and started raising children in order to fight them off- kind of like 21 Jump Street? Only instead of drug dealers in high schools, they prepared you for the Zombie Apocalypse? Also, how do I get Hendrix to stop looking at me like that? 
	So, just looking for the right time
	Reagan, Hendrix said my name in his deep voice and instantly had my attention- it was obnoxious how he could do that. Do not start shooting til we take the big one down, alright?
	And if they attack you all at once? I whispered, hating that Page had to hear all these details.
	Then pick them off, outside to inside, he instructed. And if you dont trust yourself, aim to wound, aim to slow them down, instead of going for a headshot that could miss and hit one of us instead.
	I nodded and saw Haley agree out of the corner of my eye. Vaughan clicked his last magazine into place and let out a slow breath that we all echoed. He punched the sunroof button and its whirring sound filled the silence for a few seconds. Once the fresh, rotting, gag-worthy smell filled the car we all put our game faces on and flicked off our respective safeties. 
	I should take out the big guy before you guys get out of the car, I offered, realizing how ridiculous it would be for us to wait for their apparent leader to fall. 
	These Feeders seemed so organized, so patient. So far this was unheard of: A structured attack Zombies waiting for us to make the first move. It did not sit well with me. We were watching an active evolution happen in front of us. Id much prefer them to de-evolve into puddles of slime or Jell-O or something. 
	Instead, here we were, watching Feeders unite themselves into military-esque units. They were playing defense, forcing us to make the first move. Also, apparently all that cheerleading finally paid off- basketball taught me something useful. Go team. 
My game plan seemed simple and effective: pick off the leader, let the rest fall into the chaos where they belonged, take out the rest with precise, practiced shots; that sounded logical to me. 
	Not a chance. Sorry, Reagan, well deal with him. You get the stragglers, Vaughan commanded from the front seat. 
	Well, that just didnt sit right to me. Once upon a time, in suburbia Middle America, I might have let the boys take care of the dirty work and kept my hands clean and perfectly manicured. But this feminist enlightenment had been forged in the Zombie fires and fine-tuned in good old bitterness and depression.
	You couldnt teach people this level of angry, they learned it the hard way- experience and two-full years of disappointment.
	Starting with freaking Quarterback Chris.
	Whats our deal, Reagan? Hendrix echoed his brothers order. 
	I glared at him, unable to stop myself. He wanted me to stay behind him, as in after him, as in let him do my job while I cowered in the corner. Not going to happen. 
	Then youd better hurry, I warned and pulled myself up through the sunroof in a fast, fluid move I was pretty proud of. I didnt even get tangled in my guns, because that had definitely happened before. 
	I heard the curses from the boys below, but I was too focused to be bothered by their outrage. Haley scrambled up to join me, and Vaughan and Hendrix were already through their doors.
	I let out a steady breath at the same time the Feeders moved as one aggressive component to attack. When my warm, living flesh appeared on top of the huge car, their slavering reached an uncontrollable point of no return.
	Sorry big guy, it looks like some of them do all that non-thinking all by themselves.
	I raised my rifle, cradling it against my shoulder and aimed at the beast-man barreling down on us. A few times in the past week, Hendrix and Vaughan had worked with Haley and me on how to shoot this particular weapon. We were plenty adept with the smaller ones, but something as large and powerful as an automatic rifle was an entirely different instrument. And while I had yet to shoot one, the entire process had been explained enough to me that I hoped I got the concept, because this former Prom Queen Runner Up was going to kick some serious Zombie ass. 
	I closed one eye and narrowed the other so I could see clearly through the sight. I exhaled a quivering breath and forced my shaking hands to steady. Vaughan and Hendrix had been immediately engaged as soon as they set foot on the pavement and Harrison and Nelson were still trying to scramble out of the car. 
	Once I had the big guys forehead in focus, I squeezed the trigger and prepared for the kickback. I met the impact just like I was supposed to, lifted my gaze, and saw that Id only taken a chunk out of his head- that filthy SOB. He was still on the way, and moving faster than anyone his size should be capable of moving. So I repeated my actions- bullet to the face. 
	It took two more gory, well-placed hits before I got my kill shot. He fell to his knees first and swayed forward onto what was left of his face, just like in the movies, but without the slow motion. I wanted to celebrate, but there were plenty more from where he came and a hurkie off the top of the Hummer seemed a little excessive. 
	By now, Haley stood next to me on the roof and together we picked off the outside circle of stragglers. There were about twenty-five all together, each in a different state of decay, but all with red eyes and rotten teeth. Their grunts and growls filled the air, along with the disgusting smell. 
	Bam. Bam. Bam. I fired shot after shot- sometimes missing, sometimes hitting. When my first rifle emptied, I swung the second one Id strapped around my shoulder and began firing that. Haley did the same thing.
	Hendrix and his brothers held their ground in front of the Hummer for as long as they could, then started making a path forward, trying to end this before one of us became a casualty or we drew more attention from other nearby Feeders. 
	Sometimes I felt bad for them, especially after I killed one; I called it the Post-Slay-Guilt. They used to be human; they used to be neighbors, brothers, sisters, parents, and children. Now they were just these savaged, mindless killers; it made me really sad. But then they would do something super grotesque, like pause in the middle of all this gunfire and drop down to eat one of their own dead. And after that all my guilt and shame would magically disappear and I would take the opportunity of their distraction and pop them right between the eyes- boom goes the dynamite.  
	I kept my victims to the farthest edges of where the Parker brothers were making progress, but eventually that wasnt possible anymore. There were still more Feeders than us, but theyd closed their ranks just like Vaughan had closed his. 
	Im out, I said evenly to Haley. 
	She shot three more times, taking down one more Feeder on her side and nodded. Me, too.
	Should we let them clean up this mess all by themselves? I asked, while I pulled out the two handguns I kept with me at all times. 
	We could, she shrugged. But why let them have all the fun? 
	My thoughts exactly, I smiled quickly, and then put my game face on. 
	The two of us hopped from the roof to the hood and to the ground in stealthy movements like wed been plucked from the set of an action movie and ran forward with guns ready. Our scent caught the attention of more than a few Feeders and as soon as they turned to face us, we started shooting. 
	Out of my peripheral I saw Hendrix glance back at us; in that moment he let out a battle cry of fury. Returning to his fight, he started taking them out faster than anything I had ever seen. He cleaned up what was left of the battle in less than a minute. His body moved lithely through the crowd, quickly and agilely. He never missed, never took a bad shot; each pull of the trigger met successful results and by the time he finished, the rest of us were left wondering what the hell just happened. 
	Vaughan recovered first, ignoring his brothers superhero like transformation. Get back in the car before anymore show up. Well just, uh, drive over these. We dont have time to clean up this mess.
	We all obeyed immediately. Nobody was really covered in blood, but I felt disgusting and dirty, so I was very anxious to get out of here. Besides, Zombie stench was a lot like cigarette smoke, it clung in the air and dug its way to the fibers of every piece of clothing you were wearing. I didnt want my hair smelling like foul death for the next two days. 
	I reached out my hand to open the Hummer door when it was abruptly snatched up by Hendrix. He whipped me around and pulled me to the backside of the vehicle. He was livid with me; that much was obvious from his hard-like-steel eyes and tense shoulders. 
	He pushed me back so I was pinned against the trunk and he towered above me, obviously trying to intimidate me. 
Too bad for him. okay it was totally working.
	That was stupid, Reagan, he growled out, slamming his hand on the window above my head.
	Digging deep for more courage than it took to fight Zombies, I bit out, But it was my decision to make, Hendrix. If I want to do something stupid, thats my call. If I want you to follow me, thats my call too.
	Hendrixs gaze dropped to my lips for half a moment before they met my eyes again. Deep blue and concentrated, they startled me with their intensity. Im already following you, Reagan. You already made that call. The difference between you and me, I listened.
	My skin was suddenly all tingly and shivery. My breathing became erratic and I swore I could feel the heat from his body wrapping itself around me and seeping into my skin, past my blood and deep, deep down in my bones. 
	Obviously, I was incapable of speech at this point, so Hendrix continued, Im not trying to play some ownership card here. Im trying to keep us safe- all of us safe. This isnt just about you and Haley anymore, you joined a family and we protect each other. Next time either Vaughan or I give an order, you follow it. Got it?
	I nodded reluctantly, because he was right. I was realizing now how much easier Haley and I had it when it was just the two of us. Well, easier in some ways; there were plenty of ways life was much, much harder, like the never having weapons ways. 
	Thank you, Hendrix breathed, sounding so relieved that my eyes flashed up to meet his. 
	We fell into each others intensity and I thought I would drown. He looked down at me, tilting his face toward mine. My hands started shaking and I pressed my lips together to contain the emotion bubbling up inside of me. 
	This wasnt like an almost kiss moment, or even like a surge of lust or anything like that. The emotions swirling back and forth between us were so much more than physical attraction, I couldnt even put words to them; I couldnt explain them, not even to myself. 
	Hendrix and I didnt necessarily get along, but it was mostly my fault because I usually avoided him all together. Id managed to slip away or find an excuse to leave whenever we ended up being alone, save for the few moments when it was just the Zombies and us. I tended to stick around during those moments. But I never let him have his talk with me, the one in which he wanted to remind me we would always be sticking together. I didnt want to hear his reasons for changing his mind about going south. I didnt want to get to know him better, or find out about his past or who he was before he became a Zombie Killing Machine. 
	I just wanted to survive. And I wanted to do that while also keeping alive all the people I loved and cared about. At this moment, that list included two people: Haley and Page. And I intended to keep that list short. The statistical probability of keeping everyone I cherished alive shrunk if that list grew. So I was determined to keep it short, very, very short.
	Sorry Hendrix, you need to find some other non-infected, relatively young and healthy, still-capable-of-bearing-children woman to repopulate the Earth with. I was so not interested.         
	Still, even after all that, I was trapped in this emotional moment with him and I didnt know how to break myself free. 
	Hendrix, get up here, Vaughan ordered from the front of the car. 
	Hendrix let out a long breath of release and dropped his forehead so that it rested against mine. His arms encircled me in a hug as he pulled me tightly against his chest. His scruffy beard tickled my forehead when he rested his chin against the top of my head. And while I kept my hands firmly planted on his chest, I felt his heartbeat slow down, settling back into a rhythmic beat. 
	Just as I was about to return the hug, deciding that it felt nice and comforting, he dropped me, let me go. I stumbled back against the trunk and plopped down into sitting on the bumper. Out of the hundreds of emotions Hendrix just put me through, the one that rang the most clearly was confusion. 
	Freaking Hendrix.
	I grumbled a curse and sucked in a quick breath, holding it so I could listen to the rumble of engines that approached. I sprang up and sprinted around the car to watch the caravan of three SUVs come to a stop directly in our path with the pile of dead Zombies laid between us.
	Shit- other humans. This might be just as much of a bloodbath as the Zombies we took out.

Chapter Two

Eying the caravan of other non-flesh-eating humans, Hendrix held his hand up and I slipped behind him, this time knowing clearly it was for the best. I glanced in the window to my left and saw Haley already down on the ground, covering Page with her body. Nelson, Harrison and King all hovered around them, fresh guns loaded and ready in their hands. 
Out of the lead SUV, a bald middle-aged man built like Bruce Willis in the last Die Hard stepped out so that he hung over the open door, and stared down at us. He wore dark aviator glasses, so we couldnt see his eyes. I might have been the only one, but for some reason his sunglasses bothered me. I got it; we all had our vices, I wanted eyeliner and matching underwear sets and this guy was raiding Sun Glass Huts. But honestly, nobody had time for sunglasses these days and believe me I was just as worried about wrinkle lines as the next former popular girl. 
A lit cigarette dangled from his thin lips. In the f-ed up world I lived in, that signified wealth and possessions, as did the shiny black vehicles that must have been filled with gas since they all sat idling in front of us.
Our Hummer had been left running to, but that was based on a contingency plan. If Hendrix, Nelson, Vaughan and Harrison had all died, we were to turn around and make a run for it. We did not leave the car running because we had extra gasoline to spare; in fact we were dangerously close to empty. 
Bruce Williss stunt double looked us over with interest for a few more moments before saying anything. Even though I couldnt see his eyes, I could feel them on me and I repressed the urge to shudder. 
These yours? The man shouted, indicating the body count in the middle of the road. 
Yes, Sir, Vaughan called out politely. Are we in your way? We were just about to be on ours and wed gladly move our vehicle out of the road so you can pass. 
I let out a breath of relief when Vaughan seemed to be as wary of other humans as Haley and I had always been. There was no one left to trust. 
Well, except for the Parker brothers. 
BW, that was how I was forever referring to the stranger, smirked down at Vaughan, the cigarette shifting in his mouth. Nah, were not passing through. Just stopped by to check out the new talent. His smirk grew into a grin. 
	Nobody on our side said a thing in response to that. 
	After a few awkward moments of silence, BW continued, Weve got an outpost. You can resupply there. Get your vehicle gassed up. 
	No, thank you, Vaughan replied immediately, authoritatively. Were good on everything. Thanks for the offer, but well be on our way. 
	You dont want help? the man asked in a threatening voice. 
	Were good, but thanks, Hendrix answered sounding equally as dangerous.
	Fine, then Im not so much offering as I am telling. He pounded the top of his SUV and men from every vehicle, on every side of the car popped out with guns pointed at us. The sounds of safeties clicking over and clips sliding into place filled our awed silence. The man continued, We do not offer our help lightly. This here, he indicated to the Zombies, has been a problem for us for a while. You solved it, now we want to solve a problem of yours. You will follow us back to our settlement.
	Fine, Vaughan bit out. We can do that. Well be grateful for some help.
	Good, BW grinned again. Just to be sure, well swap one of ours for one of yours. He motioned his hand back and forth between us. And well take her. He pointed at me.
	I rolled my eyes. I should have started following orders by following Vaughans command to get in the Hummer. I could have kicked myself. 
	Were going with you in faith, Vaughan countered quickly. If you take her, we will have no reason to trust you. Weve got our own guns, so dont think we wont protect what is ours.
	Just to prove his point, Hendrix lifted his semi-automatic machine gun and Nelson and Harrison popped up through the sun roof with their own weaponry. Just because I felt bad ass with all this knight and shining armor-ness surrounding me, I slung a rifle around my shoulder- they didnt know it was empty- and pointed it in the direction of the caravan, too.
	BW chuckled at our efforts like we were adorable children. Alright, fair enough. 
	Ill go with you, Hendrix volunteered before another word could be spoken. 
	I wanted to release a relieved breath, but I couldnt. This was stupid, so, so, so stupid. And now instead of feeling relaxed because my own life had been spared, I had to worry about something happening to Hendrix. Grr.
	Sounds like a plan then, BW agreed. Ill send a man right over. He went to crawl back in his SUV but stopped suddenly and looked back at Hendrix. Probably best you leave all your toys. Weve got plenty of our own to keep you safe. He took the cigarette out of his mouth and threw it on the blood splattered ground before disappearing into his own car. 
	Vaughan, Hendrix and I turned immediately into our own vehicle with the front doors open protecting us from their line of sight. 
	Vaughan leaned forward and shot Hendrix a hard look, Next time, you stay quiet.
	We both know thats what needed to happen, Hendrix countered. 
	We dont have time for this, Nelson scooted forward from the middle seat, bringing reason to the tensioned-filled space.
	When we get there, we go in as married couples, Vaughan instructed, moving past his issue with his brother. Reagan, youre with me and Haley you stick by Hendrix. Vaughan shot Nelson a look that ordered his brother not to argue with him.
	Apparently, Hendrix didnt understand the look. Reagan better stay with me, he announced.
	I cleared my throat, Vaughan said I should be with him, Hendrix. I just promised to obey the next time Vaughan gave me an order and that sounded like an order. Laughter lit Vaughans eyes, even as misplaced as it was in this situation. I shouldnt have pushed my luck, but I cant argue with your reasoning.
	Hendrix looked down at me and narrowed his eyes, Clever, he muttered before handing his guns and ammo off to a pissed Nelson. 
	I rolled my eyes and noticed the other caravans trade walking our way. He was dressed in black military fatigues and had a Yankees baseball cap pulled low over his face. He was probably mid-thirties and just as henchman looking as BW. We must have stumbled into a nest of militia. Fantastic.
	I pulled on Hendrixs pinky with my whole hand and he turned immediately to give me his full attention. Be smart, Hendrix. My warning was simple and to the point, disguising a hundred other things I wanted to say to him, even while I had no idea where they were coming from.
	Only if you promise to be my pretend-wife next time, he smirked down at me, obviously pleased I was showing some kind of concern for his well-being. 
	Duh, Hendrix. I just killed a shit ton of Zombies just so you wouldnt die. Obviously, I care.
	I told you not to make jokes, I grumbled.
	That wasnt a joke, he insisted and turned around and met the henchman just as he walked by the Beast from the East- AKA the ginormicon Zombie Id popped a cap in. 
	Apparently, Harrisons love for all things Jay-Z was wearing off on me.
	Great, that was all I needed.
	Hey, Reagan, do you mind crawling in the back with Page? Vaughan asked, breaking into my thoughts. 
	Not at all, I agreed doing exactly as he asked.
	Haley helped Page over the seat, just as I climbed in next to her. King slipped over next and Haley threw her body over. 
	I have boy clothes, Page whispered as Vaughan stopped our new passenger in front of the SUV to have a chat with him. She was already pulling the clothes out of her backpack and slipping into cargo pants. 
	Do you have a sweatshirt? I whispered. Dont try to change your shirt, just put a sweatshirt over it.
	She nodded and did what I said. She wasnt old enough to have an overtly feminine figure, but she was very girl-looking. Her eyes were almond shaped with dark lashes and she had perfect rose bud lips. It would be almost impossible for her to look like a boy, but if we could hide her hair, and she kept her face down, she might have a chance. 
	She started to pull the hood up over her hair, but I knew it wouldnt be enough. Pulling loose my own hair I took my last hair tie and wrestled Pages hair up into a bun on the top of her head. 
	Hat? I gasped just as the guy started walking around the Hummer to take Hendrixs vacated seat. Page pulled out a knit hat that would hang over her ears. Perfect, I mumbled. I swept up the loose strands and whispered that she shouldnt try to move it and then our new friend was in his seat and eyeing us all seriously.
	Page was a much better actress than me. While I tried not to freak the f out, she leaned back casually and stared out the window. I counted to one hundred in my head so that I wouldnt start screaming like a lunatic. Having a stranger in our car while Hendrix rode shot gun with a bunch of hillbilly renegades sat so wrong with me. 
	Finally, Hendrixs replacement flipped his happy switch and shot us a toothy grin. Yall done good with that big bastard. Hes been a problem round here for a while now. 
	He wasnt that hard to kill, I mumbled defiantly. These guys had guns to spare, so unless they werent really loaded, I didnt see what the problem was.
	Yeah, but hes kinda like an initiation around here. Hes been gobblin up most everyone whos tried to come through. Yall are the first ones to really put up any kind of fight. He was so southern, I expected him to pull out a jug of moonshine and start passing it around at any second. 
	What do you mean initiation? Vaughan asked slowly just as he fell into line behind the caravan of strangers that had turned around. They were leading us back to their den of ammo-hoarding militia and the nerves and concerns that were turning my stomach started clawing their way up my throat in a way that screamed panic attack. 
	Youll see. We got a sweet setup back at the fort. Very secure, very private. We cant just let anyone inside. We have to wait for those that are worthy, if you know what I mean, Hillbilly answered smugly.
	Youve been letting people die so you could weed them out? I blurted on a half-shriek. 
	Well, its not like were their guardian angels. They would have died anyway if we werent here, so what does it matter? he argued with narrowed eyes. 
	But you are here, you could help them! I was breathing heavily now, my head felt like it could easily spin all the way around. I mean, Id lost faith in the human condition as well, but didnt we still have a responsibility to each other to help out if and when we could?
	You made the cut, so what do you care? Hillbilly shot back with a challenge. I watched his thumb rub the trigger of his semi-automatic handgun and I swallowed back about a thousand different retorts. 
	Haley put a hand on my knee and squeezed with warning and Vaughan gave me a pleading look in the review mirror.
	Youre right, we made the cut, I bit out working hard to sound respectful, the exact opposite of how I really felt. I couldnt be happier.
	Stupid bitch, he mumbled, turning his attention back to the road. 
	It took every single thing in me to keep from leaping toward the front seat and strangling him with my bare hands. And the only thing that kept me glued to my seat with hands tucked under my thighs and my teeth biting down painfully on my bottom lip was that I was trying to be a good role model for Page. And first degree murder was not being a good role model.
	Youre welcome, Page, I mumbled. She didnt even bother glancing at me. 
	The silence in the Hummer became oppressive after that. I could see Vaughans hands white and strained as he gripped the steering wheel and Nelson, Harrison and King were coiled tight with the urge to stand up for me. I was absolutely thankful no one said anything, but the tension became so thick and palpable I had to wonder how we would survive the night with these pricks. 
	We drove for about twenty minutes before a gated military base came into view. It was nestled into towering, newly budding trees and the surrounding houses were surprisingly untouched by the decaying world. Our visitor sat up in attention, he was thrumming with excitement and pride. I rolled my eyes.	
	There she is, yall. We built the walls ourselves. It took a while, but weve kept the Feeders out for about a year now. Weve been living all peaceful and civilized and shit. Youll be happy we found you, he boasted smugly.
	I heard Haley mumble, So happy. 
	Do you have families here? Or is this a militia compound? Vaughan asked as he slowed the Hummer to follow the caravan through a series of checkpoints. 
	There are a few families, he answered vaguely. 
	Which meant mostly men. I wondered if the women that constituted families were here by force or choice. 
	There were three sets of chain-link fences that seemed to go around the entire property with guard stands about ever fifty feet. More armed men in fatigues stood twenty-five feet in the air on manmade towers, carrying heavy weaponry and keeping a keen eye on everything on the ground.
	Once we reached the guards at the checkpoint behind the first gate, we were ordered to evacuate the car while they searched every inch of it.
	Vaughans jaw clenched tightly with frustration and it seemed like he was seconds away from exploding. When they yanked the duffle bags full of weapons to the ground, I knew I needed to intervene.
	Hey, I used my most calming tone and reached for one of Vaughans hands. Well be alright. 
	I cant see Hendrix, he admitted in a low voice. They have Hendrix and now they have our weapons. Reagan, this is a worst-case-scenario.
	That was definitely true. The three SUVs had been waved through guard inspection and disappeared somewhere beyond the last gate. We were stuck here watching all of our possessions fall into the hands of men who wouldnt even use them to save other humans. But losing sight of Hendrix was the worst part of all. 
	Im sure hell be fine, I promised, rubbing my thumb along the inside of his palm. Hes not exactly helpless.
	Vaughan turned so he could meet my eyes. Youre right, he breathed. 
	Hes probably already hatched an escape plan. One that involves leaving with a full tank of gas and more guns than we came with. I smiled up at him, meeting his deep blue eyes. His forehead relaxed its worry lines and he took another deep breath, visibly settling down.
	We have to get out of here, Reagan.
	I know.
	As soon as possible. Keep your eyes open for anything we can use. Well play this their way until we figure out if theyre going to let us go or not. Until then, stay close.
	He must have meant literally because he pulled his hand out of mine and slid it around my waist, clutching me to him. I laid my head against his shoulder and forced myself not to fidget. 
	It wasnt like Haley and I cuddled. This was the closest Id been to another human being since before the initial infection; Hendrix didnt count because I couldnt feel anything other than the frantic pounding of my own heart. And the last time Quarterback Chris and I were any kind of touchy-feely was before his vaccine. Vaughans muscled body flush against mine, his warm heat pushing into every inch of my personal bubble was disconcerting.
	Nelson, Vaughan called out in that quiet, serious voice. When he had Nelsons attention, he nodded his head toward Haley. Changed my mind, since Hendrix is otherwise occupied. 
	Nelson, who had two hands on each of Pages shoulders, got the message immediately. 
	Come here, Page, Vaughan ordered next. 
	Page-in-disguise turned around and went to Vaughans free arm, while Nelson and Haley sidled up next to each other, awkwardly holding hands. 
	Nelsons too nervous to look natural, Vaughan whispered in a shocked tone. 
	Haleys not doing any better. This was amusing, in that we-could-die-at-any-moment-why-not-laugh-about-it kind of way.
	Were keeping these, one of the guards held up the three huge duffels that had been packed with guns and ammo. You can have the rest.
	We eyed the duffels, backpacks and coolers that had been dumped out on the ground with frustration. Slowly we moved as a unit and bent down to pick up our belongings and shove them haphazardly into our respective bags. 
	Reagan, you have an obscene amount of underwear, Vaughan whispered. 
	I looked up at him to see that he was laughing at me. I cleared my throat and went back to my task, ignoring the blush blooming across my cheeks. 
	Finally, the trunk was packed again with the possessions we were allowed to keep and we filed back into the Hummer. The hillbilly was back, with an extra handgun tucked into the front of his pants. He didnt adjust it when he sat down; that was when I knew he was just trying to intimidate us with it. Id made the same mistake, the barrel jabs into your thigh, or crotch, or if it gets at just the right angle it can cut you. There was no way he was comfortable, but his pride kept him from changing the guns position. 
	He gave Vaughan directions on how to get to the main meeting area; Vaughan followed them silently. He was back to being crazy angry again. I could see his stretched white knuckles even from the back row. I wondered if Hillbilly was nervous for us as a whole once hed seen how many guns we were carrying or if Vaughans barely repressed rage was the finalizing factor for his fear.
	In just moments Vaughan pulled up in front of a plain military style office building. We climbed out and walked in as a close group. The air was stagnant without central air and no open windows, but there were actual electric lights on. I could hear the whir of a generator somewhere in the distance and was kind of impressed by that.  
	Welcome to the Fort, BW greeted from a swirly chair that might as well have been set up like a throne. A line of armed men fanned out to either side of him and Hendrix sat in his own chair off to the side. He looked pissed off, but other than that he seemed untouched. The names Gary. This is my base. You belong to the lucky few that are allowed in. Welcome.
	Thank you for your hospitality, Vaughan answered after a charged pause.
	Garys face broke out into a wide grin and he turned his attention to Hendrix. Now see? That is how a smart man responds when given an opportunity. 
	Hendrix narrowed his eyes but otherwise did not respond.
	This is an opportunity, Vaughan started carefully. Unfortunately we have obligations which will force us to continue traveling. 
	Continue traveling? You cant be serious, Gary scoffed. He leaned back in his chair and looked along the line of his armed men. There cant be anything out there worth leaving this kind of safety for.
	Vaughans shoulders stiffened as if he was preparing for battle. My wifes family was last heard of south of here. We promised wed come for them.
	How gallant of you, Gary bit out, enunciating each word precisely. But you have to know theyre dead by now. Everything south of here is dead.
	Doesnt matter. We gave our word. We have to find out, Vaughan answered quickly, firmly. 
	Stay tonight then. Think about it. Restock your supplies as a thank you for clearing up our infestation and leave first thing in the morning. Gary countered, but I trusted the gleam in his eye not at all. I did not trust this guy. 
	Alright, Vaughan nodded. And well get our guns back, right? 
	Whenever you leave, you can have everything we confiscated back, Gary offered magnanimously. But we all heard what he didnt say, the implication in his tone of voice. Whenever we left was a little bit of a threat. I pulled your brothers name out on the ride over here, but I guess I need yours.
	Vaughan, Vaughan answered politely. This is my wife, Reagan. My brother Nelson and his wife Haley, my other brothers Harrison, King and Page. 
	Hendrix said his last name was Parker? Gary pressed eyeing Haley and me with obvious disappointment.
	Vaughan noticed too and slipped his arm back around my waist, Mine as well. We are all Parkers.
	And we all belong to the Fort, Gary waved around at his men. Youll meet everyone eventually. Tack and Sean can show you to your housing. I suppose youll want to stay with your wives.
	More of that creepy disappointment seeped out of him. 
Well all stay together, Vaughan answered in a command.
We have plenty of room, Gary pressed.
We will stay together, Vaughan confirmed.
Fine. They can stay in that empty house near the barracks. Gary nodded his head to two men that must have been Tack and Sean. But youll join us for dinner.
We have our own-
	Youll accept our hospitality and join us for dinner, Gary cut in, clearly at the end of his patience.
	Vaughan stared him down for a few charged moments before nodding his head, Thank you for your kindness.
	Gary didnt respond, just spun around on his swivel chair to face the desk behind him. His shiny bald head reflected the electric light hanging from the ceiling and I repressed the urge to salute him sarcastically.
	Tack and Sean, two beastly men with the same color mousy brown hair and the same uniform of black fatigues, that I wouldnt have been able to tell apart if I tried, led the way out a door in the back.
	Will the Hummer be alright? Vaughan asked in a hard voice.
	Just give us your keys, well take it to the shop and have it serviced. One of the bash brothers answered.
	Our stuff is in the back. Well need it for the night, Hendrix pointed out in a rough voice. He kept shooting me severe glances and I felt like shrinking under his raw strength. 
	We can drop that by for you later, the other one said. 
	It was a bit of a march across the campus, but at least I got a lay of the land. The three rows of fence continued all the way around the compound. Barracks were positioned throughout the grounds as well, with men walking about all in the same black fatigue outfit. I wondered how many of them were already military before Gary showed up and took over. While he had the alpha-male personality of a leader, it was more the communist-dictator-kind than American-military-hierarchy. 
	I mean honestly, who let a Zombie version of Hulk Hogan during his glory years attack innocent travelers, just to weed out the weak? 
	The entire thing was disgusting to me and I felt like treating Gary exactly how Id treated his infestation. 
	Rat bastard.
	The women typically stay over there. Tweedle Dee pointed to an isolated set of barracks where two women sat on the front step. One was in a sun dress that was desperately trying to meet in the middle of her body like it was confused and thought it was a belt. The other one was in a t-shirt that had been cut to reveal her entire stomach and mens jeans that hung too low on her waist. I really thought after Zombies destroyed my home and killed everyone I loved that I would never have to use the term whale tale again. 
	I was wrong.
	And now I needed to wash my eyes out with bleach.
	All the women stay together? I asked in a weak voice. 
	We dont exactly go off and marry them, now do we? Tweedle Dumb laughed.
	The rest of us wisely stayed quiet. I glanced over at the women again. A guy approached them with a rifle slung over his shoulder. He held out a couple cigarettes to them; they lit up and laughed at whatever he was saying to them.
	I shivered against the violent feeling of nausea churning my stomach. A hundred different scenarios for how I could save those women started forming in my head, but I doubted there was really anything I could do. My highest priority at this moment was to not become one of them, and that meant leaving this alternate reality with the Parker brothers alive and well.
	Here it is, Tweedle Dee grunted in front of an obviously unused house. There isnt a generator hooked up to this one, because most of us prefer the barracks. Gary will negotiate a price for one though if you decide to stay. His eyes traveled the length of Haley in the way I would look at a fresh, hot pizza. I was seconds away from taking my pocket knife and removing whatever organs made Haley look like a delicious meal to this creeper.
	Well be fine, Vaughan said calmly instead.
	Suppers in the mess hall in an hour. If youre late, you dont eat. Dont be late, Tweedle Dumb instructed as the two of them walked away.
	Welcome to Pervert Island, Haley mumbled when they were out of hearing distance.
	Vaughan grunted, turned around and opened the unlocked door. We piled in behind him and took a look around.
	The inside was dusty and stuffy, but there was furniture set up neatly and windows that would open up. Vaughan set out to opening all the shades and getting the windows open to let some light in the dark space. I walked to the back of the house where the bedrooms were, counting three plus a bathroom.
	Not that the bathroom was going to work, but it was comforting that it was here.
	I walked into the farthest room, intending to claim it for Haley and me when I felt a presence behind me. I turned around from inspecting the musty bed and saw Hendrix leaning against the wall just on the inside of the door. 
	His hands were behind his back, and he was watching me carefully. His longish dark blonde hair was a little wild, his scruffy jaw just a big longer than it was yesterday and his deep blue eyes so severe they made my heart jump.
	You alright? he asked gently.
	I walked toward him, unable to stop myself. Are you alright?
	He shrugged, nodded and smirked at the same time. It was like the trifecta of sexiness. Damn him.
	Kind of scary though, right? I asked, still walking toward him, unable to stay away from him. Although I moved slowly, that was the extent of my self-control.
	Are you trying to tell me, you were scared for me? 
	I finally made myself stop directly in front of him, but mostly because if I kept walking, Id run him over or wrap myself around him one or the other. He looked down at me with a kind of emotion I was convinced I couldnt describe. It was too serious, too deep and yet gentle enough to make me feel safe all at the same time; those kinds of emotions just didnt exist in the world we lived in anymore.
	I am not trying to tell you that, I argued. I just didnt want you to be traumatized or anything. We need everyone on the top of their game. We cant have you turning into a weepy girl just because some big bad men took your guns away.
	Youre a girl, he pointed out needlessly.
	Very good, Hendrix, I teased, feeling my own lips turning into a smile. Youre smarter than you look.
	I earned the same momentary scowl I got every time I tried to joke with him. But then he said, You seem to do just fine as a girl.
	Its a figure of speech, I whispered on a croak since he had taken my hand into his and tugged me forward just a little. My free hand rested on his beating heart as if I held it in my hand.
	Were going to get out of here, Reagan, Hendrix promised. And when youre done playing Vaughans wife, we can go back to whatever we were doing before.
	I cleared my throat and licked my lips before asking obtusely, Is that a figure of speech, too?
	His eyes twinkled at my response and he dipped his head just an inch towards mine. 
	Reagan, get ready for dinner. Were leaving in a half hour, Harrison called from the doorway. 
	Hendrix and I jumped apart. I felt my cheeks blush but there was nothing I could do about it at this point. Hendrix was determined to give me a heart attack and the universe was determined to make us abide by the textbook rule- the one where at middle school dances you had to keep the length of a textbook between you. 
	Harrison, were in the middle of something, Hendrix growled. 
	Oh, hey, Hendrix, Harrison greeted sounding genuinely surprised. Its nice that you didnt die earlier. 
	My mouth dropped open. Thats how we were going to be from now on? We were that cavalier? 
	Get out of here, Hendrix pushed his little brother into the hall and stared at him until hed disappeared into another room.
	He turned around with a half-smile on his face and even though it was extremely adorable and turned my heart into a big puddle of goo, he seemed to want to jump right back into whatever we were doing, or ahem, about to do.
	Which seriously freaked me out.
	So I did the only thing a girl in my position would do, I put my hands on his shoulders and shoved him out of the room so I could slam and lock the door behind him. 
	Goodbye, Hendrix, I called to him while he stood there perplexed and alone. I think its nice you didnt die earlier, too.
	He shot me his middle finger playfully just before I got the door closed. Dinner suddenly didnt seem so bad. Dealing with the Parker brothers was way more dangerous than going to dinner with a bunch of bizarre militia type men that could potentially force Haley and me to live in their prostitute housing performing unthinkable services in exchange for cigarettes.

Chapter Three

	What are you doing? I gasped after Vaughan leaned in and gave me a soft kiss on the cheek.
	Sorry, Vaughan breathed out nervously. Uh, I was just doing the husband thing, staking my claim. I was tired of all these men looking at you like you were their next course.
	Oh, right, I cleared my throat and smiled a kind of clown smile that belonged in horror movies; but it was a smile. I just wasnt expecting it.
	Please, relax, Vaughan pleaded under his breath. He slid his arm around my shoulder and laid a strong hand on my bicep. 
	This isnt exactly an environment I feel comfortable relaxing in, I whimpered quietly. I feel like I have a twitch, I keep reaching for a gun thats not there. 
	I know what you mean, Vaughan sympathized. These guys are what nightmares are made of. Were going to get out of here. I promise, Reagan. So far they havent made any overtly intimidating threats to keep us here. I think theyre just trying to figure out a system since everything else failed them. Their actions are dictated by fear. We just have to make sure we dont make them feel afraid.
	I nodded, agreeing with his wisdom. I get that. I mean, most of my actions are dictated by fear, too. 
	Vaughan turned to face me; his blue eyes, almost identical to his younger brothers, read me, analyzed me with so much intelligence I wanted to shrink away from the power of his gaze. Youre not controlled by fear, Reagan, not even a little bit. Maybe the instinct to survive, the desire to protect and a goal you feel compelled to reach. But there is so much more to you than fear. That is what separates you from the women over there. Vaughan indicated a table in the far corner filled with women in all sorts of disarray and depression. You could tell by their vacant eyes, their skittish behavior. It wasnt just the life theyd resorted to; it was something that rolled off them like perfume. You could smell how terrified they were, how they believed this was all there was left in life. The one thing I could say about Gary was that I didnt think hed kidnapped these women or forced them into whatever kind of half-lives they were living. This was their choice when they didnt see any other. Women held against their will did not act. resigned.
	What about you, Vaughan? I tore my eyes away from those women that truly ripped out my heart and looked for the honesty in his expression. What motivates you?
	Love, he said simply. I love my family. I would do anything for them, anything to keep them safe. 
	And do you think we have enough? Your love and my obsession with surviving? 
	A small smile tilted his lips and he leaned in closer like he was telling me a secret, Love is the strongest motivator of all, Reagan. Stronger than fear, stronger than hate, stronger than whatever else is out there. Love is more than enough to survive with; its enough to live with.
	His words felt like a punch in the chest hitting me with so much power. Tears prickled the corner of my eyes and I forced them back, pushed them where they wouldnt threaten to show a weakness again. What about me?
	Survivals enough for now, Reagan. And when it isnt, youll learn to love again. I know that, I believe that about you.
	I shuddered from a heat so ferocious and consuming as it moved from my chest to my limbs down to the bottoms of my fingers and toes. You know that? 
	Youre capable of anything, Reagan. Why not love? You might have to learn trust and hope first, but love is in there. I see it. He shot me a wide, breath-taking smile and turned back to his dinner.
	I sat there stunned with my mouth open. Where had these boys come from? And why did they mean so much for my survival? 
	Haley and I lasted for two years without them and in the one week wed known them theyd come into our lives and taken over. Now I couldnt imagine life without them, without their protection or without caring about what happened to them.
	There were so many different people we could have run into, people like Gary and his merry band of weirdos. Instead, we meet men who knew how to love and value each other and us, who spent their lives protecting each other so they didnt just survive through this end of the world bullshit, but they lived through it too.
	Hows the food? Gary asked, plopping down across the table from us. He had spent his dinner at some kind of honored position that looked out at the large Army-style mess hall. There were a group of men with him that seemed to have leadership roles and a few choice women that hung around and waited on them.
	Very good, Vaughan answered. And that was true. We ate chicken- as in actual meat. Id never been more excited to see white meat in my life. 
	Truthfully, at this point, I would have taken some McNuggets I found in a trashcan. Come on, its only been roughly two years; we know those things havent even begun to grow mold on them yet. Dont they have like a solid ten year life span? But this was so much better than even that. 
	Hendrix, sitting on the other side of Vaughan, asked, Where did you find poultry?
	We raise it, Gary answered proudly, clearly hoping to impress us. A couple of our guys were farmers, brought their stock with them when they came. Weve got a chicken coop, some sheep left and a couple dairy cows. 
	Thats impressive, Vaughan whistled and I couldnt tell if he was actually impressed or just playing along. Were lucky to share some jerky. 
	Gary laughed out loud, long and boisterous, as if that were the funniest thing hed ever heard. Shit, you guys are lucky you found us. How long you think you could go on living like that? 
	For as long as we have to, Vaughan was more serious now. 
	You really arent thinking about staying here? After all we have to offer? Protection, electricity, meat, milk. Youve got a growing boy over there. You think he can survive on jerky? He gestured toward Page who had successfully kept her hat in place and her head down.
	Actually, before the infection outbreak, studies were showing that cows milk wasnt all that healthy for you. Our bodies cant even digest that kind of calcium-
	Anyway, as I was saying, Gary cut me off, but okay, I didnt exactly blame him. We are offering you a place to set up for a long time. You could get off the road, take a break. Surely your women would appreciate a permanent home.
	What is the benefit for you if we stay? Hendrix asked smoothly. From how I see it, well eat your food, use whats left of your electricity, take up space and keep our women to ourselves. We would suck up your resources and give you what in return? 
	Garys eyes narrowed on Hendrix with a scrutiny that sent shivers trailing down my spine. Your loyalty. And when therere problems, your willingness to take care of those problems.
	Zombie problems? Vaughan pressed.
	Among others, Gary answered cryptically. And as far as your women go, he cleared his throat. Not all of you are. tied down. Unless yall share-
	We dont share, Hendrix ground out, his eyes flashing with his strong temper.
	Gary put his hands up, I didnt mean nothing by it. 
	Thank you for the offer, Vaughan took over again. But we promised my wifes family we would come for them. And if theres even a small chance they made it, they will be waiting for us. We cant let them down. 
	Thats good of you. Loyal, Gary nodded, but his eyes called bullshit on Vaughans excuses. How far south did you say they were?
	Very, Vaughan coughed out. Theyre very south.
	You know the southern states are bad, dont you? What started in Mexico has invaded up here. It starts in Arkansas and theyre spreading out everywhere. You aint going to get far down there without some help. How bout this. You go on and get your family, Ill even send some help with you. You could leave your boy here, your women too, if they want. Then when you find them, or what remains of them, you can bring them back here and all stay together. Thats what I would do for you.
	Silence dredged among us for long, painful moments before Vaughan formulated a response. That is a very generous offer. One I would be a fool to decline, but I cant leave my family behind. After everything thats happened Im just not exactly anxious to let anyone out of my sight. You can understand that, Im sure you lost people too. 
	That I did, Gary answered slowly. I suppose you dont want my men either? 
	If its as bad as you say, I feel guilty risking any more lives than I need to. 
	Vaughan Parker, master negotiator. 
	I pressed my lips together to keep from smiling triumphantly. I wouldnt have had the patience to deal with Gary politely. There probably would have been some bitch slapping and toe stomping had the conversation been left up to me. Vaughan was earning my respect not just as a human being but as a leader too. Something I thought I would never give away again. 
	Alright then, Vaughan. Do what you need to do. Well take care of your vehicle tonight and yall can be off whenever you want tomorrow. 
	Thank you again, Gary, Vaughan stuck his hand out to shake the other mans. Youre hospitality has meant a lot to us. We appreciate this more than we can show you.
	Like I said, you took care of a problem for us. This is a fair trade. We dont owe you, you dont owe us. Yeah? 
	Yeah, Vaughan nodded. 
	Gary got up and retreated back to his table where a girl not much older than me immediately draped herself across his lap. I repressed the urge to vomit and turned back to Hendrix and Vaughan.
	Good work, oh, Captain, my Captain, Haley grinned from across the table. Solid skills. I couldnt have done it better myself. 
	I snorted. You couldnt have done it at all. Youre a terrible liar. I mouthed liar, so that it wouldnt be overheard in the noisy room.
	That is not true, Haley rolled her eyes, trying to be overly convincing.
	Case in point, I smirked. 
	Haley stuck her tongue out at me. 
	Im going to have to remember this, Nelson laughed at us. This is enlightening.
	Haley turned bright red and looked down at her broken nails. 
Were leaving first thing in the morning, Vaughan instructed, ignoring what was happening between his brother and my friend. Lets get back, get to bed and forget about this entire twenty-four hour foray into the decline of civilization.
Vaughan, we fight Zombies on a daily basis, Harrison piped up. I think weve already seen the decline of civilization.
Vaughan hit him with a stone, somber look, his voice gravely serious, This place is worse than anywhere weve been yet, Harry. You need to remember that.
Harrison looked around with his still vaguely innocent eyes and shrugged his shoulders. If you say so, brother. 
Hendrix stood up and we all followed. We took our empty trays and handed them off to a few men designated with dish duty. They had two large tubs of water that they were using to clean and rinse the trays and there was a small pile for leftover food or bones. They didnt seem to be throwing anything away, which made sense since there werent exactly garbage trucks or services around anymore. But I also had to wonder what they were going to do with those bones.
Looking around at a room of men leering at me with hungry eyes and guns and knives strapped to every available space on them, I decided they probably saved them to make toothpicks or pencils out of them or something equally as weird as they were.
Yeesh, I could not wait to be out of here. 
We hurried back to the house we were temporarily staying in and divided into our separate rooms. Our bags were thrown into sloppy piles in the living room, so once wed found our own we spent time in our rooms reorganizing the mess the henchman had made.
I rolled up my underwear desperately wishing I could bleach them after those guys had their disgusting paws on them. I felt violated. I felt wronged.
Mostly I felt like complaining.
Haley flopped on the dusty bed and rolled over with a groan. This sucks. And my shoulders sore from all that shooting earlier.
I rubbed my own shoulder, Mine too. Its kind of funny though. A week ago we would have given our right arms to sleep in a bed, I sighed. Now look at us. Turning our noses up at free housing.
Yeah, but this housing isnt exactly free, Reags, Haley pointed out. 
What do you think about those women, Hales? Can we start a crusade to give them freedom? I lay back next to her so that our heads were touching and we were staring at the ceiling bathed in moonlight from the open windows and the candles we lit after we got home from dinner.
We could start a non-profit, Ill be the CEO, you be public relations, she suggested but then turned sad again. I dont think theyll want to go Reagan. I think this is the life they choose.
Its scary out there. I cant blame them. They might not have any other choice.
I hate this. Haley sounded depressingly resigned and I reached out to hold her hand, hating this as much as she did. When did life get so screwed up?
Ok, lets play, I perked up at the thought of our favorite game. We havent played in a while.
We havent needed to since the Parker brothers came into our lives, Haley giggled. 
I laughed too. Yes, I think its safe to say your attention has been successfully diverted.
Oh, right, because Im the only one making googly eyes. She elbowed me in the side. Pretty sure Ive at least narrowed down my options.
Pretty sure he narrowed them down for you. I turned to face her. Huh, Mrs. Nelson Parker.
She looked at me for a second, deciding if we were going to have girl talk or play our game 
before blurting out, Keep fountain pop. Leave never having toilet paper when you need it.
	I sighed, Those are good ones. God, what I wouldnt give for an ice cold Coke straight from the machine.
	Youre making it worse, Haley groaned. 
	A knock on our door startled us both and we jumped up to sitting. Haley was closest to the door so she rolled off the bed and yanked it open. 
	Page stared back at us through the candlelight, her pale face drawn and sleepy. She was still wearing the stocking cap, but her long hair had started to escape in wispy strands along her face. Can I sleep with you guys tonight? she asked in her sweet little girl voice. The boys smell bad.
	We laughed but agreed and Haley let her in. She crawled onto the bed in between us and we all lay there holding hands with our heads together. Haley leaned over and blew out the candles before settling back in. 
	Were playing a game, Page, want to play with us? Haley asked once we were submerged in darkness. 
The environment around us was noisier than usual. People moved about outside and the boys were making sounds throughout the house. I was used to almost complete silence save for the occasional cricket and the all the new and different sounds were perturbing. The game was soothing my nerves and lulling me to sleep.
Sure, Page said on a yawn. How do you play? 
We call it Keep-One, Leave-One, I explained. So, Im going to say something I would keep from before the whole Zombie thing happened and Im going to say something I hate that I would like to leave and not have to deal with. I would keep Netflix. I loved watching movies, curled up on my couch with my boyfriend.
The boyfriend that turned into a Zombie? Page asked innocently.
Yep, thats the one. I coughed out. And I would leave no air conditioning. I miss air conditioning.
Me too, Haley whispered.
Me too, echoed Page.
Ok, Page, its your turn, I prompted, nudging her arm with my elbow. I held my breath afraid she would pick one of her parents to keep.
But she surprised us all by saying, I would keep popsicles. I miss popsicles.
That is a good one, Haley laughed. 
And I would leave. these people. I dont like these people we have to stay with. Her voice was a whisper of fear and I hated that she ever felt afraid, let alone her whole life revolving around it.
No, that was wrong. Pages whole life revolved around love according to Vaughan. Page was one of the lucky ones, even in this unlucky world.
Well be gone by morning, I promised, turning over and curling up with her. 
I know. Her voice was still small, but there was confidence behind it. Vaughan wont let us stay here when theres daylight. Hell keep us safe.
When another knock struck our door, we were only able to lift our heads to the sound before it was pushed open and Vaughan, Nelson and Hendrix all pressed their way into our room. They each held up a candle so they could see their way around. The light reflected off their bright eyes and cast shadows across their faces. It wasnt fair that they were so attractive looking even in candlelight; it seemed like there should be some bad lighting for these guys. Maybe I should get them under some bright fluorescents or a black light. That could probably help my self-esteem. 
Page, Vaughan scolded. There you are.
We were worried, Pagey, Hendrix was next. You need to tell someone where you are at all times. 
Nobody said anything, expecting Nelson to chime in next, when he finally got the hint he said, Oh, Im just trying to catch Haley in her underwear.
I was the only one that laughed.
Page, Vaughan repeated. 
I did tell someone, I told Haley and Reagan. Page said firmly.
Page was the kind of eight-year-old child that listened perfectly and obeyed immediately. Who knew how she would have turned out pre-Apocalypse with five older brothers spoiling her, but in this world she was raised by necessity. I think we were all surprised when she defied Vaughans reprimand.
Finally, Vaughan said, Page, thats not the same thing as telling Hendrix or me.
What about me? Nelson complained.
You lost your parental privilege when you admitted to creeping on Haley, Hendrix groaned. 
Fair enough, Nelson agreed.
Page, we all like having Haley and Reagan around, but keeping an eye on you is a big job. We havent asked them to watch over you, Hendrix explained calmly. He sounded so much more like a parent than a twenty-two year old man. His expression was stern and unrelenting under the candlelight. Plus you have five brothers to keep an eye you, what more could you ask for? 
That they take a shower, I mumbled, so only Page could hear me, since we were still cuddled up next to each other.
She burst into a fit of giggles and attempted to pull herself together. Hendrix, she said seriously. Vaughan, you have my permission to ask Haley and Reagan to accept partial custody.
Partial custody? Vaughan repeated, stunned. Where in the world did you hear that?
In first grade, Jacob Stephenss parents were divorced. He talked about it all the time. She held up her hand in a sassy way that showed her age and I couldnt stop the smile from spreading across my face.
You think this is funny? Hendrix looked down at me, but even in the low lights I could see the amusement in his eyes. 
Please let her spend the night with us? I begged, wrapping my arms around her and squeezing tight. 
We promise to be good, Haley added.
Its alright with me, Vaughan finally agreed and turned to Hendrix. Is it alright with you, sweetheart?
Its only alright with me, if this is an open invitation slumber party. Nelson brought the candle closer to his face and waggled his eyebrows. 
Haley threw a shoe at him, which messed up her in-case-of-emergency-evacuation-outfit, so she had to get up, hunt it down and re-place it with the other one. Nelson waited until she bent over by her outfit to give her hip a shove and knock her over. She sprawled out on the floor, but I couldnt see her expression in the darkness.
I imagined it was a What the hell am I supposed to do with you? kind of face, though.
Alright, Casanova, theres no co-ed sleeping, Hendrix reprimanded, tugging on the back of Nelsons shirt. 
Vaughan cleared his throat and said, Tonight, at least.
What does co-ed mean? Page asked into the darkness.
And thats your cue to leave, I called out- me, the stern voice of authority.
There was some grumbling from Nelson, but Hendrix and Vaughan shuffled him out and we were left, just the girls, again. 
Haley, I think Nelson has a crush on you, Page whispered into the darkness. 
Haley and I were silent for a long time before she finally admitted, I think he does, too.
We were quiet, each lost in our own thoughts until they turned into dreams.
The next knock on our door happened a little before sunrise. Id already been awake, in anticipation of getting the hell out of here, so I jumped up at the sound. 
Vaughan was standing in my doorway with sleep tousled hair and a neatly trimmed beard. He rubbed a hand over his face, trying to wipe away the tiredness then shot me a crooked grin. 
Morning, He rumbled, his voice like gravel.
The good, soothing kind of gravel that I wanted to be made into books on cd. 
Good morning, I smiled back.
Were leaving in a half hour. Can you get everyone up? 
Yes, no problem.
He hovered around the door, not making a move to leave. He was making me nervous with all his anxious energy and I wasnt exactly sure what he was expecting from me.
Finally he said, Did Page do alright last night?
Oh, yeah, I nodded enthusiastically. We all slept great. Which wasnt exactly true, but my standards for a good nights sleep had significantly lowered since Zombies became reality. It was super hard to reach REM when nightmares of being snatched from my bed and being forced to work in a brothel that paid in cigarettes kept looping through my head.
Good, he smiled.
I smiled back.
You know you can always trust us with her, I whispered sincerely. Weve already basically adopted her. We will take care of her, Vaughan.
So youre going to stick around with us then? he asked carefully, his eyes mysteriously shuddered.
Are you kidding? After this little vacation from Zombies, I gestured around with my hand, we are definitely committed to the Parker brothers.
Thats good news, Reagan. I think at this point, one or more of my brothers would be heartbroken if you and Haley took off.
I cleared my throat self-consciously, Well, then its good were sticking around. 
Plus, theres me to worry about, he continued, as if I hadnt said anything. 
Youd be heartbroken? I laughed, not believing him for a second.
Not yet, he took a step closer and played with a loose end of my hair that curled around my shoulder. But Im working on it.
I collided with his gaze and felt myself tilt off balance, not physically of course, but emotionally and spiritually and mentally and whatever other ways there were. Vaughan offered that half-smile again that curved just one side of his mouth and I felt the barrage of butterflies in my stomach like a battlefield assault. 
Get ready, Reagan, Vaughan ordered gently. Were leaving as soon as we can.
I nodded, it was all I was capable of at this point, and turned around to gather Haley and Page. We dressed and packed as quickly as we could and met the boys in front of the house. We double checked to make sure we had everything we came with; it wasnt like we would be coming back for anything we forgot.
We walked back to the office wed first come to yesterday and all breathed a huge sigh of relief when the Hummer sat parked and ready. Gary and a couple other guys were just inside the office doors, smoking cigarettes and drinking cups of coffee.
I ignored the coffee.
I didnt drink coffee anymore and I didnt think about coffee anymore. There was no reason to drool and envy and change my mind about staying here over hot, delicious-smelling coffee.
Absolutely no reason.
Damn it, they have coffee, Haley growled. 
Why must they be so cruel? I cried dramatically.
You cant possibly be that upset over coffee? Hendrix smirked, his own beard neatly trimmed, and his hair roughly cut.
Was there a slumber party after all? I asked dryly. Did you trim each others beards? Cut each others hair?
Have a pillow fight? Haley giggled, waggling her eyebrows. 
Hendrix, shockingly, scowled. Okay, maybe that wasnt so shocking. There was a, uh, large enough mirror so we could see what we were doing. He actually seemed embarrassed by his efforts to look more human. Unfortunately, I found that really endearing.
I reached up before I could talk myself out of it and rubbed my fingers along his jawline, It looks nice. 
He froze, became completely still and his gaze captured mine. Slowly he lifted his own hand and held it over mine, helping me cup his jawline in my hand. Yeah?
Yeah, I smiled. You look less Duck Dynasty, more approachable-human-being. 
Oh, he sounded disappointed at my assessment. I had to wonder if he was insulted by the Duck Dynasty reference when he said, Im not trying to look approachable at all. In fact, my whole thing is that Im very, very unapproachable.
I chuckled at his attempted joke. You want some of us to approach you, dont you? I took a step forward to mess with him, bringing our chests just an inch apart.
Yes, I would like some of you to approach me, he murmured. 
Then probably you should keep yourself well-groomed, I patted his cheek a little roughly and turned around.
You first, he mumbled and I swiveled around to gape at him.
That is our secret, I hissed at him. His reference was to my disgusting legs that desperately needed a shave. He laughed at me and walked away. Hendrix, thats a secret! I called out, but he was no longer interested in what I had to say.
Vaughan walked out of the office with keys in his hand. He held them up so we could all see them and pointed at the back of the van. 
Get in, he ordered. 
Our weapons? Hendrix bit out, all business now.
He says well get them at the gates, Vaughan explained.
Hendrix looked in disbelief back at the office. And you believed him?
Not a chance in hell. But were leaving right now with or without them. So get your ass in the car.
Hendrix obeyed, along with the rest of us. I crawled in the back with the other girls and we took everyones packs and laid them as neatly as we could in the trunk from our position. At any other stop we would have taken the time to pack the trunk efficiently and orderly, but I understood Vaughans urgency to get out of here. We could deal with a little chaos to escape General Doom and his army of bat-shit perverts.
Vaughan sped to the gate and hopped out of the hummer to speak with an exhausted looking armed man. Hed clearly been at the gate all night; his eyes were black and blue with exhaustion and his hair a wild mess. He was a little bit twitchy too and I talked myself into believing hed just drank a ton of coffee.
I mean, if I lived here and had access to coffee, I would probably be jumpy all the time too. 
Because once upon a time I was completely addicted to the stuff. Of course, that was when I could add my girly creamers or buy it iced, blended or with soy. Those days were long gone, and I probably wouldnt have felt the same kind of love for something barely warm, gritty and straight black.
Vaughan started arguing with the guy at the gate, making wide hand gestures, getting in his face and raising his voice. Eventually Hendrix and Nelson hopped out of the vehicle to assist in this testosterone induced demand for our possessions. More hand gestures, more threatening invasions of personal space and finally an intimidating look at each other and the tired man finally shrugged his shoulders and retrieved the three duffle bags.
They looked relatively untouched, sitting at the back of the guard house. Each brother took a bag and immediately unzipped it to check the contents. Whatever was in there apparently wasnt right because it seemed to only enrage the brothers more. Nelson shot to his feet and got right in the guards face. The guard pulled a gun on him and gestured towards the Hummer.
Vaughan and Hendrix pulled out guns of their own and aimed them directly at the guys face. More guns were drawn from the higher gun towers and the other gun stations. This was like a Western Movie style standoff but the good news was, I was pretty sure I was on the winning side.
Everyone in the Hummer watched with tense fascination. I was shocked to find out that even though there were all these guns being pointed at the guys, I still trusted Vaughan to get us out of here. Like he said, these men were motivated by fear, but he was motivated by love. Love would win every single time.
Eventually, Vaughan backed down and put his hand on Hendrixs shoulder, then Nelsons. He pulled them back and Hendrix finally lowered his weapon. The guard never lowered his, but if I were in his shoes, I wouldnt have either. 
Hendrix loaded up the duffels into the trunk and they piled back in the Hummer; we were allowed to pass through gate one. Several tense seconds had me biting my nails until we were through gate two; I repeated the process until we were finally through gate three.
As soon as we were on the other side of the fort, the tension in the Hummer seemed to just lift off us. I watched the two rows of seating in front of me collectively relax their shoulders and let out a breath of relief. It felt so good to be out of there, so safe to be away and back where the Feeders roamed free.
I thought about that for a second, how I felt safer out where I wasnt safe. But I couldnt help it. There was just something so off with those guys. Something I never wanted to witness or be a part of.
Besides we were free of them now, I never wanted to think of them again.
Whats wrong with the guns? King asked, breaking the heavy silence.
Theres nothing wrong with them, Hendrix bit out. Except more than half of them are missing.
They stole our guns? Harrison growled.
And our ammo, Nelson confirmed. And then he wouldnt even admit to it. He just kept saying he had no idea what we were talking about.
God, those assholes, Harrison mumbled.
Cuss jar, Page whispered between Haley and me.
Cuss jar, I confirmed while my whole body felt sick with nausea. I had about fifty different curses for them in my head and none of them were as nice as assholes, but I didnt want to owe Pages cuss jar. She took it very seriously. And if we ever used currency again, I was already at least a hundred bucks in the hole to her. 
What are we going to do? King asked anxiously.
Were just going to resupply, Vaughan answered easily, in the way he always did, somehow with both assurance and authority.
But that was when the Hummer decided to die.

Chapter Four

The engine sputtered for a while. Vaughan stomped down on the gas so hard I thought his foot would go straight through the floorboards; he started rocking back and forth like he could physically move the car with his body motion. 
No, Vaughan said simply to the Hummer while the rest of us held our breath. No, no, no. Then he let out a stream of curse words that would guarantee Page a full ride to college one day. 
The engine continued to sputter while we slowed down to a crawl and then stopped moving completely. And then came the final death; the engine ceased living and everything was still and quiet. 
We sat in stunned silence for several minutes, nobody moving, nobody talking. This could not be possible. Wed only been on the road for ten total minutes.
The gas tank says full, Hendrix finally pointed out.
Vaughan stared at it blankly for three more seconds before leaning forward and flicking it with his finger. The needle dropped down to below empty like it had been stuck on something near the full line.
I should have noticed it before we left, Vaughan ground out. It doesnt show how much gas is in the car until its on. The gas tank read full before I started it earlier and I should have known. I should have paid better attention.
Its not your- I started sensitively even while I was reeling with my own rage inside me, but Vaughan cut me off before I could excuse his fault in this. 
Reagan, let me have a few minutes. Then you can soothe my ego. But first I need to get good and pissed off. But he sounded so calm.
Were a thirty minute walk from their fort. Weve got maybe a third of our weapons supply, Hendrix ticked off our situation. Vaughan they planned this. They did this so wed have to go back.
Were not going back, Vaughan said needlessly.
Youre goddamn right were not going back, Hendrix agreed.
Page opened her mouth to say something, but I quickly shook my head. This was not the time for sarcasm.
Reagan pass the duffels forward, Vaughan commanded. We arm ourselves with everything we have before we get out of this car, alright? Guns first, packs second. Page, he turned around in his seat to give her his full attention. Do you remember everything weve been over? Do you remember what to do?
Yes, Vaughan, I remember, she nodded. 
Get your gun out, Pagey, and you stay right by my side. Dont you ever leave my side, he made her promise.
She nodded her sweet little head and held back the tears I could see threatening to spill over. 
I repeated the routine from yesterday, pulling the gun bags over the seat and passing out the weapons and ammo. Then Haley and I passed up the backpacks. 
We were able to strap on every piece of gun we had and pack the remaining ammo among us. That was not a good sign. Not at all.
Although it was more than Haley and I had been traveling with a week ago, it didnt seem like nearly enough for this size of group. We seemed disturbingly unprepared and I dreaded the moment we would step out of the safety of the Hummer and have to walk again.
Do you think theyll come after us? Haley asked while she retied Pages boots.
No, Vaughan answered quickly. I think they want us to come crawling back to them. We defied their idea of control and they want us to be keenly aware of whos in charge.
I wish there were a way to warn others, she lamented.
Haley, Nelson warned.
No, I know theres not. But I just cant believe this is the world we live in. Its one thing to have to deal with Zombies, but what happened to the rest of humanity? When did everyone become a douchy bastard?
Are those? Uh? Page looked up at me with wide eyes.
Definitely, I nodded. Haley has two for the cuss jar.
Haley stuck out her tongue at us. 
Vaughan ignored us and then instructed, Alright, stick together, be alert, be on guard. Well find the first empty building and regroup. Keep your eyes open for another vehicle. If its not too far from this one, well syphon gas and circle back.
The doors opened and everyone climbed out. Nobody bothered to close a door; we just grouped tightly together and started walking down the highway in the direction of south. 
America was an interesting place to spend the end of the world. We drove everywhere, houses could be miles apart, towns even farther. When you had to walk across the entirety of the great fifty states, you realized how much freaking space there was. And on a quiet morning like this, with not even a bird to keep us company, Missouri felt infinite. impossible.
If it makes anyone feel better, Haley broke the silence first, Reagan and I walked from the middle of Iowa to where we found you guys. So walking is possible. 
She said this to a group of guys that were walking with guns literally pointed in every direction as they moved as a military unit over the roads in Middle America. 
And how long did that take you? Hendrix asked. 
She cleared her throat, A little under two years.
So, going by your timeline, which is being a bit generous at this point with all of us traveling together, well reach the Andes mountains in the middle of Peru in about. fifty years.
Haley shot him a saucy grin and said, Just in time to retire. Think of this as like your 401k. Any good plan takes hard work. 
Was that a commercial slogan? Nelson laughed.
For a bank back home, Haley shrugged.
Here we go, Vaughan barked out suddenly. 
And there they were; the first of the Zombies we would meet on foot. The smell should have tipped us off, but most places smelled like them now, both inside and outside. It was like one of those Axe cologne commercials, whenever you could smell it, people were ravaged and attacked. Only instead of hot guys getting mobbed by hot girls it was every kind of person getting mugged by Zombies. So exactly the same. only not.
I was actually kind of surprised to see the ten Zombies, lured in by our pumping blood and beating hearts. I really wanted to make it farther than twenty minutes this morning without getting covered in blood and gore. But this was the end of the world, after all, so I really shouldnt have had unrealistic expectations.
Page? Vaughan reached out behind him to make sure she was there. She clutched his hand and drew herself into the back of him. 
Reagan? Hendrix asked quieter. 
Im here, I promised, following Pages lead and slipping my hand into his for just a moment. I quickly withdrew it, though, in favor of a semi-automatic handgun I thought would be more appropriate. 
The first shot rang loudly through the air. Harrison caught the closest Zombie right in the throat. Deep, crimson-colored blood started to shoot from the wound, spraying his companions in his carnage.
It was, frankly, disgusting. But there was so not time for things like emotions and revulsion. We had to survive. together. Because that was apparently what we did now.
The Zombie didnt react in any way, shape or form. He just kept coming at us, blood spurting everywhere like the fountain of death. His homies were gaining speed, running at us now with their superhuman speed.
We spread out, so as not to hit each other with our gunfire, and started aiming at the group of ten. There were more of them than us, but we were faster. They groaned and moaned as they set about attacking us, their grunting sounds very reminiscent of the movies from before the initial infection. For some reason, I didnt expect that early on, I didnt expect them to be so Hollywood-like. At least they werent running around groaning brains, braaaaaains. That would have just been overkill.
I hit one that was missing a foot and an arm right between the eyes, then moved my attention to a once-upon-a-time, elderly woman who had lost her life to the Zombie disease that took over her mind. I cringed as I shot at her, but what choice did I have?
Hendrix stood to my left, hitting target after target and Haley to my right, not doing so badly herself. Page hid behind Vaughan, clutching his shirt, clinging to him for security.
There was no way this child was going to grow up with a healthy perspective for this world. Not that I had one, but if the youth were our future, I wondered if it would be better or worse than it was now.
Gary and his good ol gang couldnt be left in charge of things forever, but what did a future look like when the children grew up killing things daily and hiding in the shadows, scavenging for food. 
Were our options really this bleak?
I took out another Feeder, just because thinking about how f-ed up they made everything really
pissed me off. Bang. Bang. Another one bites the dust, Bitches.
    	We finished those ones off easily enough and continued our walk toward Peru. 
	Ok, I quit, I declared loudly when we had stepped over the finally silent bodies of the dead Feeders. We cant seriously be walking to Peru- to f-ing Peru.
	I stopped in the middle of the road. The blooming trees of spring rustled in a light breeze, and shaded the stretch of highway we were on from the bright morning sun. Behind the putrid stench of rotting Zombies, was the faint scent of new grass and fresh buds on trees. The air was light and the breeze, gentle and caressing; the sweet undertones of plant life and warm nights filled the space in between rotten flesh and fresh gunshots. It was frustrating how close I was to something beautiful, yet it was completely overshadowed by the death surrounding me.
	It was like this metaphor for my life and I freaking hated it.
	Thats it? Hendrix scoffed. Youre giving up?
	Peru is super far away, I reminded everyone needlessly. It was a stupid dream, a stupid goal.
	You were planning on walking before, Nelson pointed out. When it was just you and Haley.
	Besides, the Hummer only had a little more than a fourth tank of gas anyway. Gary probably added one extra day to our trip, thats it. Hendrix added.
	Plus, there are your goals, Reagan, Vaughan chimed in. What else is there besides your goals?
	Love? I answered defiantly.
	Youve got love? Vaughan asked, shocked and disbelieving. It was in that moment I confirmed he was talking about him and me. Brat. I should have known better than to trust these boys with friendship. They all wanted to get laid.
	Okay, I knew better than that, too, so much better than that. But it was still shocking that we were thinking beyond terms of how to help each other survive. 
	No, I dont have love yet, I threw back on a laugh.
	Alright, then youve got your goals. And Peru is a goal. A big, impossible, dangerous goal.
	But its my goal, I agreed.
	Damn right, its your goal, Vaughan said seriously. So lets go already, its going to take us our entire lives to get there, we dont have time to waste.
	You know, you guys arent so bad, I admitted once we started walking again. I think Ive decided to keep you around
	All five brothers looked at me like I had just lost my mind; they all wore the same look of disbelief, and all shook their heads in refusal to believe what I had just said. 
	We spend a week going in the wrong direction- her direction. We lost three/fourths of our ammo and weapon supply. We lost our transportation. Hendrix risked his life, then I did, then Hendrix again and then Vaughan. I spend the night knowing the worst anxiety Ive ever known- as in now I have an ulcer and no way to medicate it. Then we engage in the fifty-sixth Zombie battle to the death for her. And shes just decided to keep us. After all of that, Nelson griped. Reagan, you are so lucky you brought Haley. 
	Apparently every Parker brother agreed with that because they all made similar statements under their breath and turned back to Feeder Watch 2013.
	We spent the day searching for a town, fighting the random Zombie and sticking together. We were melting into this unified entity, and it was hard to imagine what life was like before the Parker brothers, before every weakness was protected, every blind spot covered. 
	Eventually we came upon an abandoned gas station that was isolated in the middle of some forested area. In a past life this would have been the perfect setting for an ax murder or serial killer set up. Yet this was my life. My life the horror movie. 
	However, I did opt to protect Page and sit cover-duty while Hendrix, Vaughan and Nelson inspected the inside. Sorry, there was only so much courage a girl could pull on each day. They could take care of the potential Mike Meyers threat; Id stay in my safe-zone picking off Zombies. 
	Once we were given the all clear we set about securing the interior, so it would be safe for the night. We had about an hour left of light and we needed to utilize every second of it to insure a peaceful night.
	Haley and I checked the back door, locked it and shoved every heavy object in the back room in front of it. It opened to the outside, so that was probably all unnecessary. But for real, we knew how to trip a bitch if someone were able to rip that heavy metal door open and walk in here in the pitch dark. Then we set up a community sleeping room in the same back room.
	The boys locked the front doors with a set of keys left near the cash register then moved all the racks, where food was once stored, in front of them. They blacked out some of the windows with some tarps from the back room, but there wasnt enough to cover every window. 
	This wasnt the most ideal place to stay, but we knew how to be absolutely quiet and how to not show any light. We hadnt made much noise while we were in here. This had to work; we didnt have any other options. 
	We made a meal out of some cheese cracker packs, left over Pringle tubes, Twizzler Nibs and bottles of water that hadnt been looted. It wasnt chicken like the night before, but this might as well have been a feast. Nibs? Hello. 
	I grabbed a pack of razors, several sizes of batteries, tampons, a must, because believe me, Mother Nature did not abandon us all, and pens and paper. I was pretty sure Page hadnt had a second of school since she went on the run with her brothers, and while it might not have been the most important part of our day, nor would I be all that great a teacher, but I could offer reading and writing lessons. No matter what the decline of civilization looked like for the rest of the world, anyone I was partially in charge of was going to be able to do both. I didnt believe this was the end for humanity.
	I couldnt believe that.
	I had to live for something.
	I had to hold on to hope in some way.
	So was that like a mental breakdown earlier? Hendrix whispered, bringing his make-shift pillow over next to me while I repacked my backpack, giving up some of my abundance of underwear to make room.
	I guess, I shrugged, even though he could barely make me out in the dim light from the moon outside. The enormity of what Im asking of you guys just kind of hit me and I suddenly felt stupid for asking you to do this impossible thing with me.
	Never feel stupid for asking me anything, Reagan, Hendrix ordered. Were in this together; stupid things and all. 
	Alright, I nodded. Thank you. 
	Not those, He said instead of your welcome. 
	What? I looked around as his hand covered a silky pair of lime green and black lace panties in my hand. Completely ridiculous. But when we looted Victorias Secret we werent exactly able to find practical pieces.  
	Not those, Hendrix repeated. I like those.
	I snorted, Like youll ever get to see them on me.
	Not the point, Reagan, he whispered after Id thrown them back in my pack and zipped it. He tugged on my arm so I lay down next to him. He turned to his back and so did I, our shoulders pressed into each other. He slid his foot over so that our boots touched as well, and I thought this had to be the sweetest moment in all of time. I just need to know theyre there, that theyre an option. I can wait patiently. I can wait as long as I need to before I see them in action. 
	My heart fluttered uncertainly for a few beats before I was able to ask, Is that like a metaphor?
	He turned his head to face me, so I mimicked him. We stared at each other for a long time, even though his face was obscured by darkness. I knew he was there, and I knew he was looking at me and that was all that mattered. 
	I heard the smile in his voice when he answered dryly, Yes, Reagan, thats like a metaphor.
	I smiled back, although I was positive he couldnt see it, and turned back so I was looking at the ceiling obscured in darkness again.
	Vaughan and Nelson were on first watch. Page lay next to me, sleeping so soundly that her soft breaths floated in rhythmic patterns like a melody of peace. Haley was safe. King and Harrison were safe. And I was next to a boy Id started thinking of as more than a stranger, more than a friend. He was somewhere in between my future and my present, I just didnt have a word for him yet. Other than safe.
	He was my safety. 
	He was what made me feel protected.
	Vaughan was right; love wasnt what motivated me yet. But I could feel it coming, feel it rolling into my life slowly, securely, in a way that wouldnt get erased or replaced. And while I waited for love, I would fight this decay and live with hope. Because if it was all I had, hope when everything was hopeless, wasnt so bad.

Episode Three

Chapter One
665 days after initial infection

	Haley! Get it off! Get it off! I screamed, okay, no I screeched like a banshee into the quiet afternoon stillness. Please, for the love of all that is holy, get it off of me!
	A flock of birds took flight. An irrational pang of guilt sliced through me when I realized Id disturbed their peace. It didnt make sense; they were birds and could find harmony anywhere and fly above the chaos of the rest of the fallen world. But there it was. I felt remorseful.
	I wasnt a psychologist, but it didnt take much to figure out these feelings were misplaced and pulled from other issues in my life.
	Nice, Reagan- psycho-analyzing yourself in the middle of nowhere. Thats just perfect. 
	Probably, if I had to guess where all this guilt was stemming from, it would be the endless body count I had piling up behind me. True, I was only killing infected Feeders already trying to kill me, or worse eat me bit by painful bit. But its not like I was a born murderer. This instinct to kill was drilled into me out of necessity. At some point my once do-gooding, cheerleader of a brain was going to remember that and break. Until then, I just wanted to survive.
However, all these shameful feelings might have less to do with the long laundry list of RIP Zombies and more to do with the particularly gruesome kill Id accomplished not twenty minutes ago. The big guys carnage still painted my body with his sticky, foul-smelling blood and stuck to my hair in big globs of chunky flesh. Gag.
	Okay, just hold still, Haley attacked my scalp again, scrubbing thoroughly along the bank of a slow waterway called Little Sugar Creek. I mean, its like you have Feeder brain everywhere. Then she gagged- for real gagged, right over my shoulder. Did you try to take a shower in corpse? She gagged again- a throaty sound, her whole body going rigid with the effort not to puke.
	Which of course made me start gagging. 
	No, I didnt try to get him all over me. I wasnt thinking about the consequences of shooting him so close, I was just trying not to die! This guy had gotten really up-close and personal. He almost had me. But at the very last second, I managed to jam the barrel of my gun directly under his chin before pulling the trigger, but that meant splatter. everywhere. And not just like sprinkles of blood; oh, no, were talking huge buckets of gory bloodbath. More gagging.
	Part of the problem was my giant-barreled handgun. We were out of all the good ammunition and easy to use weaponry. So I had to resort to some kind of piece Id only ever seen in movies. The barrel was cartoonish it was so big, and the entire thing weighed at least twenty pounds. But it got the job done. Obviously.
	Get it out, Hales, I whimpered. This was me at my most pathetic. I could handle shooting, killing, going a week without bathing. I could handle smelling bad and dealing with greasy hair. I could handle sharing a toothbrush if I had to. What I could not handle was the sticky, oozy remains of a dead Zombie all over my body and glued to my hair. At the very least, Id had the foresight to duck my head so nothing dead or bloody landed on my face- or worse, my mouth.
	There wasnt a whole lot of research done before the world fell apart, so nobody was really certain what constituted contact between Feeder and human. Was it just the bite? Like a vampire? Or fluids mingling? 
	It was hard to tell. And I wasnt exactly on the mailing list for The New England Journal of Medicine. Plus, this wasnt the first time Id been covered in Zombie goo, but never before had it been close to getting in my mouth. Ack! 
	I cant- Haley ran off and puked in the bushes. 
	At least this wasnt all in my head. This was for real disgusting. 
	I pressed the back of my hand, my firmly scrubbed and disinfected hand, to my mouth and squinched my eyes shut. I would not puke. I would not puke.
	The sound of Haley retching behind me did nothing to support that argument.  
	Come here, Reagan, Hendrixs firm, commanding voice sounded from behind me.
	I winced and this time it had nothing to do with my current gore-covered condition. I wasnt exactly at my sexiest. That thought alone annoyed me. Hendrix had seen me in all sorts of stages of disarray over the last couple weeks and still his interest had not seemed to fade. And I wasnt interested in him, so it shouldnt matter anyway. 
	Ok, that was a lie.
	But I wasnt interested in being interested in him and so. yeah.
	I held out my hand while keeping my eyes shut and let him pull me closer to the bank. The crisp autumn air was a little bit chilly, but the sun was warm today. I felt the water rush over my bare feet and while the coolness of the river was refreshing, I shivered from the temperature. I was stripped down to almost naked, underwear and a tank top, and I was annoyed that Hendrix had followed us out here and seen me like this. 
Although I had shaved recently, thanks to the gas station we stayed at a week ago. Not only was I able to restock on razors, but they had ponytail holders and tweezers. Jackpot.  
	You werent supposed to follow us, I grumbled. 
We were just about to the Missouri-Arkansas border when we ran into a pack of five Feeders. They should have been easy to take out, but since we were so exposed on the road we had to improvise our defensive strategy. Hendrix, Vaughan and Nelson had moved to take out the undead road warriors and Haley, King, Harrison and I stayed back to protect a vulnerable Page. I was holding the rear of the group, when the Feeder came up from behind me unexpectedly.
	I turned around just in time to get him from under the jaw. It was a totally badass move. Or at least in my head it was; in my head there was some kind of ninja spin and a smooth but aggressive lodging of my gun right where his throat met his chin. Without a second thought I pulled the trigger, fluidly, fast and instinctively. But it had been a close call. A very close call. One more step and he could have easily taken a bite right out of my shoulder. I would have become an all you can eat lunchtime buffet and that was really not okay with me.
	The worst part was that I hadnt heard him until he was almost too close. 
	Thinking back on that now, I couldnt decide if hed managed to be quiet and kept his moaning to a minimum or if I had been so focused on Hendrix and Vaughan needing help, that Id missed the warning signals. 
	Neither scenario was acceptable. 
	At least I was still alive and not craving brains for dinner. 
	I could hear you whining, Hendrix explained. He put a warm, strong hand on my lower back and slipped the other around my waist. He tipped me so that I was forced to lie down in the shallow bank and let my hair fan out with the current. We made a lot of noise, Reagan. We cant waste any time.
	I was now almost all the way submerged in the water. The gritty, sandy bottom caressed my back and unforgivably slid beneath what little clothes I had on. But the water felt nice in my hair, despite the freezing temperature. And I was starting to feel clean, a feeling I didnt expect to experience for maybe the rest of my life.
	I heard Hendrix fiddle with something above my head and then his long fingers were massaging their way through my scalp. 
	Uh.
	I didnt want to kick a gift horse in the mouth, especially one that felt this amazing, but this was getting weird. The faint scent of lilacs from the small bottle of travel shampoo Id been hoarding in my backpack blended with the clean fall air and fresh water to create this fantastic perfume that actually erased the traces of rotting Zombie left behind. 
	I opened my eyes and blinked up at Hendrix through the almost blinding sunlight. He was kneeling down on one leg, leaning over me. When he noticed me struggling against the bright daylight he shifted his body so he could shade my face. His hands worked slowly and thoroughly through my long hair causing a shiver to travel down my spine that had nothing to do with water temperature. 
He smiled down at me, through the frame of his sinewy forearms. 
	I became speechless, utterly breathless. 
	Id never seen Hendrix smile- at least not like this. It was genuine and sincere and it made my heart do this weird fluttering thing in my chest. 
	I dont mind, Reagan, he explained before I could protest. I just want to get back on the road. 
	His fingernails scraped gently against my scalp; I really tried not to purr. Good grief, this was heaven. 
	Finding whatever self-control I still possessed, I argued my weak objection, I can wash my own hair, Hendrix.
	His smile settled into an amused smirk, Youll get Zombie brains underneath your fingernails. 
	He was taunting me and it worked. A shudder shook my body and my stomach clenched with an ominous threat. I resigned myself to Hendrix playing hair stylist. 
	Fine, I conceded, closing my eyes again to avoid staring at the rough angles of his face, and how the early afternoon light lit up his skin in golden perfection. His jaw was accented by his facial hair and there was a smudge of black dirt streaked across the tight cords of his throat.
	Yep, closing my eyes was definitely in order.
	His hands slipped under my scalp, palming my head between the two of them while his fingers continued to massage each strand of hair. This was a very thorough washing and the best part was: he wasnt gagging constantly over my shoulder. 
	Thank you, I whispered.
	He was silent for so long, I had to peek at him, daring my eyes to open and take him in. 
	He met my stare with the full force of his somber intensity. Youre welcome, he rumbled. 
	Our faces were closer than before, his strong, capable body hovering over mine and his hands cupping my head gently. Hendrix had this way of making everything else disappear, of creating a world that only the two of us shared. It was in his captive attention and serious nature that I stayed prisoner. This was one of those moments. I kept thinking he was going to kiss me. 
	Which would have been bad, because I was pretty sure that would seriously complicate things with the Parker brothers. I still wasnt convinced they were on this road trip for the long haul and I was not prepared to nurse a broken heart for the rest of the Apocalypse. It wasnt like I could blow up his phone with pathetic take-me-back text messages, or Facebook stalk him to figure out which eHarmony whore he was hooking up with now. 
	Oh, no. We would do this breakup medieval style with straight up sonnets, and searching the ends of the Earth and all that. 
	I didnt have time for that, or the stamina. 
	It was better to stay unattached and unaffected. If in ten more years, we were both still alive, still single and still needing to repopulate the planet with a non-brain eating species, then sure, I could revisit these. emotional developments. 
	Until then I was just going to close my eyes again and pretend he was Haley. 
	And pretend like doing that was totally not the weirdest thing Id ever done.
	Loud rustling sounded from a few feet away and my eyes popped open again, only this time I was reaching for my pocket knife and pushing Hendrix away so I could sit up. He lunged for his own gun and slid to his feet so he was equally ready for the fight.
	If Hendrix and Reagan get to go swimming, why cant I go? Page demanded as soon as she popped through the bush. 
	Whew, not more Zombies. I reflected for a second why I had just been more concerned about my freshly cleaned hair than my actual life. Was I really that cynical already? Yeesh.
	Youre not allowed to go swimming for another fifty years, Nelson called after her.
	What? Page demanded, arms crossed, foot tapping. 
	What? I echoed, utterly mortified by the interruption and the compromising position Hendrix and I were in.
	Nelson paused, too, and took us in, looking more confused than I felt. Oh, he finally observed. Youre not swimming. Your clothes are on. His eyes swept over my bare legs and he amended his statement, On-ish. 
	I was covered in Feeder goo, I pointed out needlessly, since wed all been a part of the same fight. 
	And Hendrix? he asked with raised eyebrows. 
	Was helping me.
Hendrix cleared his throat from where he was crouched over me. I glanced up at him but he was busy glaring daggers of death into his brother. 
	I was helping her, he repeated with an angry tone. 
	Dont look at me like that! Nelson huffed, arms raised in surrender. Blame your adorable, sweet, loving, completely innocent little sister. She thought everyone was invited to go swimming.
	Why do you keep saying that? Nobody was going swimming! I demanded. I felt like Nelson and Hendrix were having an entire conversation in a foreign language.
	Exactly, Hendrix growled. He stood up and reached down a hand for me to grab onto. 
	King stumbled through the thick brush, looking confused and jostled. Nelson, I thought you said swimming was code for-
	Page, go ahead! Nelson declared suddenly, shoving his sister towards the creek gently. Go swimming. Were all going swimming. We are all going regular, normal, completely not-code-for anything swimming.
	Harrison, Haley, who had mysteriously disappeared after she puked, and Vaughan all joined us next, stripping pieces of clothing along the way. 
	I placed my hand in Hendrixs and his swallowed mine in warmth and strength. He pulled me to my feet and stared down at me, with that familiar gravity marking his expression.
	This isnt over, Reagan, he promised.
	I shook my head, my wet hair falling around my shoulders. Cold water dripped in tiny rivers over my body, my skin pebbled with goose bumps and my feet sunk into the sandy creek bottom. I didnt really feel like I was in any position to argue, but that never stopped me before. You are literally always saying that to me.
	A smile broke out across his face, the same relaxed and alarming one from before. But instead of explaining anything, he just turned around and walked away. He tugged his t-shirt off and threw it along the bank, before stepping further into the waist-high creek. The current was lazy and gentle and all five boys surrounded their little sister so she could swim back and forth between them without getting swept down river.
	Holy shit, Reagan, Haley whispered, sidling up beside me. She had slipped her shoes and jeans off too, leaving only her boy cut undies and a tank top and bra. The end of the world does a body good.
	I followed her attention to Nelson, Hendrix and Vaughan and viewed their shirtless, and practically stripped except for shorts, muscular bodies above the water. 
	What is this? I hissed. A communal bath? When did we become sister wives?
	Dont ask questions. Just enjoy the view.
	I snorted a laugh, but did what I was told. These boys. There was definitely something to be said about a life full of hard work and manual labor. Even Harrison and King, not that I was checking them out because. Ew, were all corded muscle and lean frames. 
	Haley and I walked further into the river, the water splashing cold waves against our bare skin. In the middle of the creek the water came up to my ribs. My breathing was fast and stuttered, thanks to the iciness of the temperature, but it really did feel good. I slipped under the water, washing out the last of the shampoo and rubbing off every last trace of blood and guts. 
	Surfacing again I came face to face with Vaughan, who had left the game with his sister behind. His eyes were more serious than normal and his mouth pressed into a grim line.
	You okay? I asked, running my hands through my hair to wring it out.
	That was a close call back there, he nodded toward the direction of the road. Are you okay? 
	I gave a reassuring smile and said, As long as theres nothing leftover in my hair, then yes, Im fine. That was gross, right?
	Gross, he repeated with a nod. But thats not really what Im talking about. That was too close, Reagan. I want to know that youre alright in here. He pressed his hand against my chest, right over my heart. My breathing picked up again and I leaned into the heat of his palm- he was so much warmer than the water. 
	Ill be fine, Vaughan. I tried to sound strong, hopefully confident, but the intensity of his gaze and aura of concern had my defenses crumbling around me. This is day-to-day stuff, right? If Im not okay now, I never will be.
	His hand slid from my chest to the top of my shoulder, where his thumb rubbed at the hollow of my throat. I wont let them get that close again.
	Its the nature of this world, I argued, knowing he wouldnt be able to protect me from everything. And I didnt want him to. I could take care of myself. I had to take care of myself. Each and every one of us was in constant danger, if I didnt take initiative in my own survival Id never make it. You cant protect me from everything, Babe. Youve got enough responsibility on those shoulders.
	The shoulders in question stiffened at my flippant attitude. Something darkened Vaughans eyes at my words even while his lips turned into a deceiving smirk. Babe? he laughed, but it was forced. 
	I shrugged, allowing the subject change. In a moment of super sleuthing on my part, I was guessing Vaughan, always the authority, leader-of-the-rebel-alliance Vaughan, didnt like to be told to let go because some things were out of his control. Or maybe he just didnt like the idea that he couldnt always protect me.
	I like nicknames, and it turns out you all have terrible names that cannot be shortened. That was true, calling Hendrix, Hen, or Nelson, Nel, didnt really work out. And literally there was no way to shorten Vaughan without making it sound like I had something lodged in my throat.
	Im going to pretend to understand that. His eyes softened a little and some of his natural even-temperedness eased back into his body.  
	I like to shorten names, its like my thing. But I cant do that with any of you. Not even Page, I pouted and splashed a little water at him like it was his fault. 
	So Im Babe? 
	Youre Babe, I smiled. Its from years of cheer. I went to this really small high school in Iowa. We all grew up together, and were on the same team for years. So we had all these nicknames for each other. It became habit. 
	Ah, he nodded. So you were in high school when the infection happened? 
	Three weeks from graduating, I confirmed. You?
	Same, but from college. I had just about earned a bachelors in sports medicine. He crossed his arms and turned so that we were side by side looking out at his siblings and Haley. They were all laughing and splashing. Despite how they were also shivering and lips had started to turn a little blue, they were having fun- real fun. It was amazing.
	Ambitious, I teased. Let me guess, you were also a college athlete?
	He nudged me with his shoulder and I almost lost my footing on the uneven rocky bottom. Smart ass. I was not a college athlete, unless you count intramural soccer.
	I dont, I cut in quickly and tossed him a playful smile.
	You know for a cheerleader, youre awfully judgmental.
	I laughed out loud, Hey, all that means is that I know how to recognize a real sport. Babe.
	Thats it, cheerleader, Ive had it with your bad attitude, Vaughan growled and turned on me.
	I took a step back, my hands raised in the air. I was just kidding! Im sure your recreational games felt intense. Im sure you took those cheap trophies very seriously. I was giggling, taking careful steps back as he stalked toward me, all kinds of mischief dancing in his eyes.
	Oh, really? They felt intense? He barked out a laugh. And for your information, we didnt have trophies. His chest rumbled with laughter and his hands inched towards me through the surface of the water.
	Oh, good. Thats better. 
	Why is that? 
	You know, so you didnt actually think your games counted for anything important.
	I let out a startled scream when he swooped me up in his large hands and held me suspended over his head. One hand splayed across my upper back, somehow balancing me in a firm grasp and the other gripped my upper thigh. I wiggled, trying to break free while laughing uncontrollably. 
	Vaughan! I threatened. Vaughan, dont!
	You asked for this, babe!
	And then he chucked me forward into the frigid water. I flailed and splashed trying to get my footing; when I resurfaced I felt like a drowned rat. My limp hair tangled in front of my face and my shoulders shook with shivers. 
	I heard everyone laugh at my expense, but somehow I couldnt wipe the smile from my face. I probably did deserve that.
	Youre such a brat. I shook my head at Vaughan when Id smoothed my hair back and could see again.
	Brat? He put a hand to his chest like he was offended. What happened to Babe? 
	You lost Babe, I warned. Your Babe privileges have been stripped.
	Such a sore loser. He shook his head at me; a slow smile tilted his full lips. His laughter died away when he looked up at the position of the sun in the sky and his eyes settled back on his siblings- especially Page. Ready to go? he asked me quietly.
	I nodded, knowing it was time. This had been a nice vacation from reality, but it was time to face facts. We had no idea what was ahead, or where we were going to stay. Our guns and ammo were dwindling down to nothing and our options for dinner tonight were beef jerky or a jar of salted peanuts. We definitely needed to keep moving.
	Alright, lets pack it up, Vaughan called out to the group at large. Nelson, King and Haley, youre with me. Well get dressed first, while the rest of you keep a look out, then well switch. 
	We followed directions without any argument. While the others dried off and got dressed in fresh clothes from their pack, Harrison, Hendrix and I stood guard with loaded guns. Then we swapped. Since we were doing this whole dressing thing collectively, my jeans slipped over my wet underwear and I pulled on a sweatshirt so I could change out my bra and tank top as discreetly as possible. This was a trick Id learned from watching Flashdance too many times and spending years riding home from football games in the back of the bus. 
	I helped Page get fresh clothes on as well; then we packed up our wet clothes in saved plastic bags from the last gas station. These were necessities on the road and few and far between. My mom used to save all her grocery bags before the infection in an effort to Reuse, Recycle, Renew or whatever that global warming crap was. Now I was carrying on the same tradition but for entirely different reasons. 
	Global warming could very well be eating the ozone layer and melting polar ice caps, but that was no longer my key concern. In fact, at this point, maybe a real end of the world scenario might solve a few of my problems- mainly the whole Zombie thing.
	Once we were finally ready, wet hair drying in the slightly more aggressive breeze and fingers deliciously wrinkled from all the time we spent in the water, we headed back to the highway and turned south. 
	Peru seemed forever away and not just in that whiney are we there yet way. It literally seemed a lifetime away from wandering around the Bible Belt of America. Since wed lost our transportation, the majority of our guns and practically all of our food, I didnt know what chance we had against the elemental cruelties of this world, but we were trying. And we made it this far. 
	We should probably find a place to stay for the night, Hendrix spoke up once we were huddled into our closed in traveling formation. 
	It was probably only one or two in the afternoon, but finding sleeping arrangements had been difficult the last several nights. And we hadnt truly felt safe since we were forced to leave the department store at the beginning of this crazy journey. 
	Our shoes made quiet padding sounds as we walked the smooth pavement down a four lane highway. Abandoned cars, either crashed or out of gas, littered the ditches. We also spotted a random suitcase or article of clothing. Occasionally we would stop to pick through it, but mostly we wanted to keep walking and needed to find a place to bunker into for the night. 
	This part of the country seemed utterly abandoned. While Haley and I journeyed down to this part of the south there had been several times when we would pass long stretches without coming into any kind of contact with humanity. It made me wonder where they all went. It wasnt like a plague had broken out and decimated the population, well, other than the whole Zombie thing. 
	But entire cities seemed deserted, entire counties evacuated. How much of the population would have had to turn or be killed in order to make state capitals into ghost towns? I felt nauseous at the thought; that was a lot of people dead or turned.
	Its kind of quiet, yeah? Nelson asked in a whisper, taking the thought right out of my head.
	It has been since Garys settlement of universal soldiers, Hendrix remarked angrily. What did he do with all the people?
	You honestly think this is Gary? I whispered, almost afraid to say his name out loud in case it magically made him appear.
	We left his camp of bizarro over a week ago and still our one night stay at his B & B has haunted me. I thought about all the people that tried to come this way and ran into his trap or initiation, all those cars pushed to the sides of that stretch of highway, all the families that died at the hands of those super- Zombies. What kind of man watched other human beings die just because he was weeding out the weaklings from his army of hillbillies? I didnt even want to know that answer.
	Its hard to say, Vaughan finally responded. But something cleared the humans out of this area. I havent seen a single soul since we left the Hummer.
	We fell silent again after that observation. In the last several days we survived the elements, the occasional Zombie and somehow found a relatively safe place to crash for the night. But after the lightness of the afternoon spent playing in the creek, the atmosphere around us felt heavy, oppressive even. 
	The sky started to darken overhead, adding to the ominous feeling surrounding us. When a crackle of lightning flashed in the distance, I was more convinced than ever that things were about to go from bad to worse. Call it a womans intuition, but I was already afraid of the night ahead of us.
	Hendrix and Vaughan shared a concerned look and I realized I wasnt the only one feeling the bad vibes. 
	The puffy white clouds that had helped heat the day turned gray and heavy. The sun slipped behind one and didnt reappear. The temperature dropped considerably and I felt it in every wet tendril of hair. 
	I looked down at Page just as she shivered roughly. Pull out your hat, Kiddo. I laid a hand on the back of her wet head. It will keep you warm.
	She obeyed without questioning or slowing us down; she was such a good kid. Haley and I followed suit by pulling up the hoods on our sweatshirts. The boys were comfortable now, since even though they didnt have exactly short hair, it was still short enough to dry quickly.
	Blow dryer and straightener, Haley declared, breaking up our intense silence.
	Fluffy towels, I countered. 
	New socks, Page added. 
	Good one, Haley snorted. But I have new socks for you. Remind me when we stop tonight; you can have them. 
	Really? Page squealed.
	I think that makes you our very first winner, I grinned down at her. 
	Sweet! 
	Is that a game? Nelson asked while pulling his gun up higher. 
	No. Haley said at the same time Page exclaimed, Yes!
	I want to play, Nelson demanded. He didnt sound in the game playing mood. But then again, it might have just been a distraction attempt.
	Youll have to play later, Hendrix growled out. We need to find shelter. Now.
	A big fat rain drop landed on my forehead at that moment. And then another on my shoulder. A crack of thunder and burst of lightning joined the now open skies and we bolted into action.
	We were surrounded by Arkansas farmland, big cotton trees and nothing else. Not even a fence to break up the side of the road from someones property. 
	However, in the distance sat a dilapidated barn, half-caved in on one side, but with a roof. It probably wouldnt protect us much from the pounding rain, and there would be no blockading doors or windows against other threats, but right now that was the best we could do.
	Vaughan picked up our pace until we were running through muddy fields and sharp remains of dead cotton crops. I jogged behind Page, catching her when she tripped until Hendrix lunged down and flung her on his back. She held on with her tiny arms around his neck but shot me a wide smile over her shoulder. 
	The rain was now falling in heavy drops that pelted our skin and splashed the ground around us. By the time we reached the abandoned barn, the sky was black with storm; the lightning and thunder were constant. 
	The door frame was slanted severely sideways; really the whole barn was slanted sideways. This was a structure that had long been abandoned, even before there were Zombies. The wood was stripped and rotted and the roof hardly held together. This was shelter from the storm, but barely. 
	Somehow Vaughan kicked in the door, without splintering it to pieces and Nelson pushed his way in first, past debris and the tangles of cobwebs.
	It was so dirty inside, untouched by humanity and Zombies alike. But it was dry- dry-ish. We filed in through the crooked entryway and huddled together among the broken debris. 
	Nelson and Vaughan immediately forced the door back into place; we were encased in near darkness. There was one window, somehow with glass still intact but so coated in dust and dirt that the dim light seeping through hardly broke up the darkness at all. Out of the depths of someones pack a battery operated camping lantern appeared and was turned on. Collectively we stepped closer to the light and stood silently in the soft glow of light for a few moments.
	Thunder boomed above us, rattling the shingled roof and what was left of the glass in the filthy window. Lightning flashed and crackled outside, lighting up our faces in an eerie glow. And the wind that was light and airy only hours ago now howled and groaned as it whipped around our delicate structure. 
	This will be a fun night, Nelson laughed humorlessly.
	And as if in response to his words a loud, unearthly moan sounded in the distance.

Chapter Two

	The high keening sounded again and we all took one more step toward each other. Poor Page was sandwiched in the middle of all of us as we formed a protective circle around her. I clutched Haleys hand and pulled her against my side. 
	That sound, whatever it was, was not human. Wild animal? Possibly. Zombie? Probably. 
	But Id never heard one sound like that before- ever. Sure, their low groaning and moaning was practically constant. But that was more low-budget, terribly gone wrong porn than whatever was screeching over the hillside. 
	Put the lantern out, Vaughan ordered King, who immediately obeyed. 
We were doused in near darkness as soon as the light went out, which caused us to take another small step into each other. I felt a strong hand on my lower back and had to assume it was Hendrix. I wanted to feel annoyed at the protective gesture, but his touch was comforting in this black place of uncertainty wed found ourselves in. I leaned into his body, craving the warmth and strength that rolled off him in comforting waves. 
The sound pierced the already noisy night air and seemed to bleed into every space inside our barn. Ungodly, horrifying and threatening were the words I would use to describe it. It was high-pitched at the same time deep and growling, loud at the same time restrained. I didnt understand what it could belong to, or why it was standing out in the pelting rain just screaming. 
Lets talk about it, Nelson demanded. His voice was a whisper, but I cringed at the breakup of silence between us. Yes, thats scary, but its not like we arent prepared for a fight. And yes, its raining, but that doesnt mean our guns wont work.
Vaughan spoke up next, eager to retain authority, but in a helpful way that made us feel protected and safe. In the silence our control seemed to be slipping from us as we spiraled into the unknown. But now, with Vaughan and Nelson reminding us of their leadership, I felt like anything was possible, even survival.
Nelsons right, were capable and armed. Whatever is out there will meet a fight- a damn good fight. Plus, we arent exactly out in the elements. We found shelter, we have food, and we even got a bath today. We will be fine, he commanded firmly.
And I believed him.
I didnt have a choice but to believe him. 
Now, lets sit down, have some dinner and take inventory of what we have, Vaughan seemed to blow out a steady breath and sat down. In the hazy light from the one rattling window, I chose a spot to settle into, too. The ground was gritty with years of dirt and unuse. I couldnt even think about the creepy crawly things I was positive lurked in every nook and cranny, probably skulking over my pants and shoes and-
Come here, Hendrix ordered. That was the second time hed said that to me today. Whats wrong?
I allowed him to find my hand in the dark and pull me next to him. I hadnt noticed my panicked, sharp intakes of breath or the slippery slide to hysteria Id started on.
Are you scared, he whispered against my ear. 
Our shoulders pressed into each other and his hand stayed wrapped around mine. I felt calmer here, more in control. I let a stuttering breath escape before I tried to answer.
This place kind of freaks me out, I whispered back, careful not to let my voice carry.
Zombies? His breath tickled my ear and his lips floated over my skin. I forgot all about my mild case of arachnophobia and let the excitement sparking inside distract me from the real danger I was currently surrounded by.
Um, bugs, I admitted.
Hendrix let out a surprised chuckle, his chest rumbling against me. Geez, Reagan, youre such a girl. 
Lucky for you, I countered, nudging him with my elbow. 
His voice lost any trace of humor, his body stringing tight with unspoken tension. I felt his lips brush across my neck and I shivered from the contact. In a low, promising voice he whispered, Lucky for me.
Can I sit with you, Reagan? Page asked in a tiny squeak. She stood over us, clutching her small backpack like a stuffed animal. 
Absolutely, I rushed out, scooting away from Hendrix so she could squeeze in between us.
I wrapped my arm around Pages petite shoulders and cuddled into her. She was shaking with fear or cold or both, and I hated that we had to sit in the dark for her sake. The rain picked up in intensity, pelting the roof and sliding down walls or holes where time and nature had taken over. The wind shook the already ramshackle building, chilling the air around us.
Haley moved next to me and settled in close. Her body heat, plus a mixture of Page and Hendrix helped stave off the worst of the bite in the air. All this closeness was almost comforting, except for the super storm outside and the Zombie opera taking place over the hill.
As if to accentuate my fears another loud howling resounded through the rain. This time the screeching sounded further away, but it was impossible to tell if that was the original shrieker or an answering call.
Weve got a screamer, Nelson sighed, bringing out a chuckle from Vaughan and Hendrix.
I was ninety-nine percent sure that was a reference to something perverted. 
We should eat dinner before we lose the light completely, I suggested. 
What is for dinner tonight? Harrison sounded like he was dreading the answer. 
Haley opened her pack and Nelson did as well. Somehow theyd been partnered as food service. They were in charge of scouting and storing. Not the hardest job in the world, but any time spent alone with Nelson freaked Haley out. Not that he wasnt a nice guy, but she was in the same place as me- just because we were stuck together, didnt mean we had to stick together.
Not that we had very many opportunities to talk about what was happening in Babes in Zombieland. The boys were always around, or we were holding watch while they did their boy things and vice versa. And in the very, very few moments when there were seconds to dish, Page always seemed to be nearby or involved in the conversation. We loved Page to death; we just didnt want to have to perform Miranda rights on her before mentioning her brothers. And since the child adored and worshipped every single one of them, our discussion of why we wanted to keep them at a distance at all costs probably wouldnt go over very well with her. 
Our deep discussions about boys thus far had been reduced to eye rolls and repressed laughter. In our old life these kinds of abrupt developments would have required all night eighties movie marathons, fingernail polish and our combined weight in chocolate. In our new and not at all improved life we stared at each other waiting for the evolutionary gene of mind reading to be implanted.
So far there was still a missing link. 
Im sure scientists everywhere were happy for that report. 
Ive been saving these for a special occasion, Haley warned us. This is officially a special occasion. I could hear the smile in her voice. 
She passed out a square box with the top open and I reached in it to find. cheese and crackers! And not just any run-of-the-mill cheap cardboard cracker and artificial cheese, but the kind where the crackers were those sticks and you dipped them into the delicious, neon cheese spread. I was actually surprised the cheese wasnt glowing in the dark.
I havent had one of these since I was a little kid! I cheered. This is the best dinner ever. Thanks Hales!
Youre welcome. She nudged me with her shoulder.
What is it? Page asked as she took hers and passed the box along. 
From the other direction came beef jerky and protein bars. We each carried our own water, but now that we were without a vehicle our water supply had dwindled immensely. Plus, it was hard to lug around bottles and bottles of water. They were heavy. Mostly we refilled in random places; there seemed to be enough abandoned gas stations and supermarkets that we could pick through the leftovers and find something to drink. 
Although some places had suffered at the hands of looters, the majority of businesses, towns and neighborhoods had simply been abandoned. It was like the people just disappeared, or had gotten an invitation to a Feeder-free town while I was conveniently left off the guest list. 
Page, for real? Haley asked her. This is like the greatest snack of all time. Of course, youve had this.
Ive never even seen this before, Page admitted. Through the fading light I watched her peel back the plastic slowly, only jostling the cracker sticks a little. Smart girl. Pulled those things back too fast and crackers would fly everywhere; everybody knew that.
Its delicious, I nudged her. Youll love it.
How have you never had one of these before, Page? Haley sounded genuinely shocked. You were the perfect age before the infection. I mean, this is like. bliss. Like perfection. The only thing Im missing now is a Capri Sun and Bubble Tape. 
Are you speaking English? Page asked with a fair amount of attitude. 
I snorted a laugh, Were your parents like hippies? Whats going on? Why the aversion to junk food? 
A weird silence settled over the group and I suddenly wanted to retract the entire last thirty seconds and everything I said. The Parkers history was still majority mystery. The most I had learned so far had been with Vaughan today in the river. But Id never thought much of it, since neither Haley nor I had been exactly forthcoming with details of our previous life. It was an unfathomable existence at this point and wed lost too many loved ones to want to dredge up those memories. Still, it wasnt like it was a forbidden topic. We just avoided as much pain as we could.
Somehow asking the Parkers about their past felt extremely prohibited, like Id gone way too far past the no trespassing sign.
My mom couldnt have junk food, Page finally confessed. A whoosh of breath left the Parker brothers en masse and I felt, more than saw, them settle into a resigned kind of memory-induced silence.
Neither Haley nor I knew what to say, so we sat quietly too. Eventually somebody would talk again, or wed fall asleep. Either way.
Not that she was opposed to them, King spoke up and his soft voice was bracing through the thick tension. She just couldnt have them. So we all gave them up too. You know, like in support.
She begged us not to, Harrison continued. She was actually kind of mad about it. Since she couldnt eat anything unhealthy, she felt like somebody should.
Remember how shed send us to the store with a list and some kind of junk food would always be on there, like chocolate or ice cream or something. She thought we somehow wouldnt notice, Nelson carried on the story with amused sadness, but sadness so deep tears pricked at the corners of my eyes and I didnt even know what happened yet.
When Vaughan and I came home for Thanksgiving break, shed ordered ten pies without anyone knowing. She was ready to shove them down our throats if she had to. Hendrix laughed at the memory, but nobody joined in.
A sniffle came from Page and she wiped at her eyes with the back of her hands. I tucked her in closer, trying to comfort her in any way that I could. Hendrix reached for her too, pulling her against his solid body. I moved with her by consequence and found my head leaning against his shoulder. I hadnt meant to actually cuddle up next to him, but now that I was here, and now that his hand had tangled in the ends of my hair and he was rubbing my back like he was consoling me, I couldnt find the will power to move anymore. 
Your mom was sick before the infection? I found the courage to ask.
Grade four brain tumor, Vaughan explained in a voice rough and thick with aching. By the time the infection broke out, she didnt have much time left anyway.
Shocked silence fell between Haley and I; neither of us could figure out how to respond to that. It was hard to imagine the world we used to live in, where people didnt just die every day and modern medicine fought for peoples quality of life. It was hard to imagine suffering slowly while you watched someone you love die over time, instead of immediately and in front of your eyes. 
And this was two years ago- they were so much younger. Page would have only been six, Harrison and King, fifteen and thirteen. Even the older ones, still only in college, still trying to figure out what to do with their lives, with themselves. My heart ached overwhelming for them their trauma. 
And the pain didnt stop, because Hendrix continued. 
She was sick for a while. Even though her doctor found the tumor relatively early, it was very aggressive. Treatment didnt work, and there was no alternative medicine strong enough to make it disappear completely. For a while we thought they had gotten it, that she was fine, but then it reappeared bigger and stronger than ever.
How hard for your family, Haley whispered.
It was, Nelson agreed. But it was good too. I mean, it wasnt all bad. Before the tumor, my dad was in the Army and was gone a lot. He was constantly traveling and would be gone on assignment for months at a time. When Mom was diagnosed, he took early retirement so he could stay home with us, with her. Because mom was sick, we were able to spend a lot more time with our dad than we would have if shed been perfectly healthy. It brought us all closer together. Family became the most important thing to us, and we learned to value things that most people take for granted. Or did take for granted, before the whole Zombie thing. 
Looking back now, Vaughan said pensively, Moms brain tumor probably saved our lives. Dad stayed home and taught us everything we know about survival.
I thought you said your dad was a guitar teacher? I asked, confused.
Sure, Vaughan laughed a little. Retired Army Ranger that taught guitar lessons in his spare time.
Well, at least that solved that mystery. I could check secret government school for Zombie assassins off my list of how the Parker brothers got so good at what they do. They were more normal than Id assumed; maybe a bit tragic, but normal.
	Do you remember when dad tried to teach Page how to tie a proper knot? Harrison asked on a laugh and the other brothers joined in.
	I dont remember that! Page protested. 
	Thats because you were like three, Pagey, Vaughan explained adding more community laughter. I even found myself smiling at the unfamiliar memory. 
	When did she pass? I asked out of sympathy.
	And suddenly we were back to that oppressive silence again. Nobody said anything, didnt even make a sound, except for Page who had started to cry and shake next to me. 
	Im sorry, I didnt mean to
	The day we left, Hendrix whispered like a confession, his voice rough with pain and grief. He cleared his throat and continued with more courage than I had seen while fighting hordes of Zombies. We were the only ones left in our suburb and we could see them coming. It was still early on in the infection. They werent as mobile as they are now, not as agile and quick. They were still slow from their disease and easy to kill, but there were hundreds of them. We had no choice but to leave, to flee. If we wanted to stay alive, if we wanted to stay together, we had to go then or never. But my mom wasnt healthy enough to move. She had maybe a week left in good circumstances, maybe two. But without any medical attention, she was fading fast. And she was barely coherent, in and out of consciousness, weak and bed ridden. We couldnt save her, even if had brought her with us. He paused and let out a weary breath, his chest trembled underneath me and I lifted my head, desperate to give him space. His hand stayed on my lower back, urging me closer to him, like he needed my closeness, my touch, like maybe I was comforting him after all. In a barely audible voice, he grated out, My dad stayed, to fight them off as best as he could. But, we said goodbye to both our parents that day.
	I felt all the air leave my lungs in a whoosh of sympathetic guilt and borrowed grief. I couldnt imagine the kind of remorse they were living with. All Vaughans love-is-all-we-have speeches came rushing back to me and I suddenly understood the depth of these brothers love and how much they had sacrificed and given up to survive, to make sure they all stayed alive.
	Hendrix mistook my silence though and harshly explained, We had to leave, Reagan. We had to think about-
	I understand, I quickly reassured him before he could say his reasons: Harrison, King, and Page. They wouldnt have survived if they had stayed. None of them would have.
	And without the Parker brothers would Haley and I have made it much further than that department store in middle Missouri either? 
	The decision to leave their parents was the hardest thing they would ever have to do, and they did it out of love and protection for their siblings. They were quite possibly the bravest, most incredible men Id ever met. And without Zombies I would never have known them.
	As we sat, huddled together in this rotting, rundown building, I knew I was surrounded by the most intense love Id ever known. And it might not have even been focused on me, but the depth of emotion they felt for each other was both heartbreaking and life-changing. I wanted that kind of love someday. I wanted to know the intimate complexity of those feelings and the ferocity of something so all encompassing. I wanted to know love in this world of decay. Maybe not today, but someday.
	I leaned into Hendrix, pressing my forehead against his temple. He inclined back, his hand tightening around my waist. I think that is the most courageous thing Ive ever heard, I whispered so only he would hear. Maybe the rest of the room should have heard my sentiment, too; maybe I should have given those words to everyone. They probably all needed to hear them. But they were only for Hendrix. He seemed to need them the most right now and I wanted to give them freely to him, genuinely. My lips brushed against his earlobe and I pressed a kiss to the curve of his jaw. Dont ever feel bad for what you did. You saved lives; you saved people you love- people I now love. And you saved me. 
	He turned his head so that our foreheads rested against each other. We didnt say anymore, didnt even open our eyes. We just stayed like that, breathing each others air and sinking into the moment. Page was nestled in Hendrixs lap and after a while her even breathing mingled with others. Still, Hendrix and I stayed pressed against each other. 
	Eventually, my head fell to his shoulder again and I stayed wrapped in his warmth and strength. He placed a sweet kiss on the top of my head and whispered that I should sleep. Vaughan and Nelson would take the first watch and he would wake me when it was my turn. 
	I closed my eyes, but couldnt find sleep. And not because of the circumstances of our bed tonight. My mind kept running over everything Hendrix, Vaughan and their family had been through and I stopped wondering what made them so capable to survive this world. With their parents sacrifice, they had no choice but to stick together and come out alive. To do anything else would dishonor their parents memories. 
	They didnt have to say that for me to understand.
	Its how I would have felt, how I did feel after my parents died needlessly at the hands, or rather mouths, of Feeders. All of these deaths were excessive and unfair. There was a world once upon a time in which Zombies only existed in movies and comic books. But there had also been a world once when scarlet fever and the common cold could easily kill.
	Mankind was born with an innate instinct to improve, to investigate and to fix. We came up with vaccines, the internet and cheese graters. Surely someone was out there working on a cure for Zombie-ism even now. It wasnt in our nature to hide, to cower in fear. 
	This was temporary.
	This had to be temporary.
	I didnt trust humanity, but I believed in it. I believed that life would get easier again, that it would get better. That crumbling farm houses and fear would not last in my life, that they were only temporary. I would find a way to fight this, to make a comfortable life for myself and survive it all.
	After tonight, I was bound and determined to bring the Parker brothers with me. Because like Haley and me, they deserved peace as much as anyone else. 
	And at the end of the long, weary day, that was all we wanted. Not a pretty house, or stable government, hell, even above daily hot showers and three healthy consistent meals, I wanted peace. Above everything else I wanted peace in my life and in all the lives of those I cared about. 
	But tonight was not going to be the night I got it.
	The shrieking Zombie had returned.
	I jolted to upright, even though I hadnt been sleeping, when the ear-piercing screaming started up again right on the other side of the door. Hendrixs hand ripped out from behind me as he reached for his second gun. I felt his eyes turn to me, even in the darkness as he waited for me to put my stunned brain back together and pick up my own weapon. 
	Page stayed asleep in his lap.
	What the holy hell? Haley whispered as she quietly slid the magazine into her gun as well.
	Another shrill scream sounded from a different direction and I noticed for the first time that the rain had finally stopped. The filthy window was finally lit up with the bright moonlight that peeked from behind the heavy cloud cover. 
	I squinted while staring at that window. Even through the layers of thick dust and dirt I could see figures lining up on a hillside. Slow, purposeful steps made it clear that they were threatening us, wanting us to drown in insecurity and fear.
	Not going to happen. 
	My mind screamed at the idea of them organizing. Still, they stood so thoughtfully, as if observing the now-occupied farm and whether we were worthy to attack, or if theyd just wait for us to walk out in the morning and pick us off one by one.
	They lined the hill in various states of decay and death. The smell of their rotting bodies wafted into our barn and permeated the air. Everyone was awake now, even Page. The window muddy enough that the figures appeared like black smudges in a line along the horizon. 
	I mentally tabulated the remaining weapons we had and knew it wasnt enough, not unless we made each shot count and made each pull of the trigger into a kill shot. 
	Vaughan stood up first and we all followed suit. We shouldered our packs and tightened the straps as a unit. Checking our guns and clips, the sound of metal clicking into place was the only noise to break up the tension.
	How many are there? I asked, hoping if I got enough answers Id be able to control my fear a little bit better.
	I cant tell, Vaughan answered. Which meant more than he wanted to admit out loud.
	Well, do you think we have enough weapons?
	Reagan, theres no way for me to know that. Which meant no.
	If we engage are we going to bring Feeders from every county over here? I bit out, frustrated that I wasnt getting the answers I wanted.
	Thats always a chance, but its better that way than sticking around as easy bait, Vaughan countered. So to answer your question, I dont know.
	I had a hundred more questions but I refrained from spouting them all; my curiosity was just an extension of my fear of trying to grapple back some semblance of control. My anxiety always felt easier to control when I could manage the panic that threatened to take over. 
	What do you know, Babe? I snapped, tired of the truth. I just wanted to be lied to, pacified. I would fight no matter what, but if I felt I had a chance and a choice I was much easier to get to agree.
	His voice raised a few decimals and I felt him look at me through the blackness of the room. I know were going to survive this, I know were going to survive a lot of things. Yes, this is scary and yes, we dont have enough bullets. But you just heard our sob story, Reagan. What makes you think I would, he paused suddenly, cleared his throat of whatever emotion was brewing there and continued, What makes you think any of us are willing to let go of something we care about? Whether were protecting Page or you and Haley, we are committed and willing to do anything to ensure everyones safety. We already lost people we loved deeply; we wont make that mistake again.
	I believe you, I whispered weakly, just before a giant, muddy rock came sailing through that lone, grimy window. 
	We stared down at it and back at the gaping hole in the window. A few streams of water came rushing inside and the cold night air filled the cabin in no time. As one, we swung our guns toward the now open window and Nelson was the first to point and aim and shoot.
	But the rest of our gunfire immediately followed. The popping, rushing sound of guns filled the tiny barn as we pushed the door out with a mixture of shoving and shooting the wood.
	We could see clearly now how the Feeders spread out in a single line along the entire horizon. They looked greedy, insane with hunger and brain-lust. They were crazed with the idea of a feast. We were like Golden Corral at lunch time for them- all you can eat. 
This was going to be an extremely long night.
But we would stay and fight. And in the end we would survive. 
Really though, after Hendrix opened up about his family, I had no choice but to stay, but to live through it. And not just because I felt some kind of obligation to him. 
Oh, no. This had everything to do with his family, how desperate Id become to help him absolve any remaining leftover guilt and protect his younger siblings. 
I would fight for them, even die for them. Although after talking with Vaughan and deciding I couldnt live without Hendrix either, I decided instead of doing the whole sacrificing-my-own-life-for-the cause thing, Id just survive instead. 
That was the most important thing- coming out of this together. 
Of course there were other things to worry about in the grand scheme of things, but those would fall into place later. All that mattered right now was making it through the night.

Chapter Three

	I followed Hendrix out of the barn. Harrison and King stayed back to protect Page and the rest of us went on the offensive- or defensive. I wasnt really sure which. I just knew there was a lot of killing about to happen- from our end.
	Nelson, Vaughan and Haley fanned out in front of us, picking off the line of Zombies the best they could in the darkness and from a distance. The moon offered little light, as it peeked through the heavy cloud cover up above, but at least it had stopped raining, for now. The ground was thick with mud and made walking and moving difficult, but it wasnt something I could think about or focus on. My feet sinking three inches into the ground with each step was the least of my worries.
	It was easy to ignore the obnoxious conditions we were forced to fight in when I had more important things to think about. Like hunting and killing and war and all that.
	Were going around the barn, Reagan, Hendrix ordered over his shoulder. Were going to find the one that cant shut up.
	Ill go around, meet you at the back, I offered, turning on my heel, prepared to divide and conquer.
	Hendrixs voice, harsh like steel and unrelenting, stopped me in my tracks, You will stay behind me. I will not have this conversation with you again.
	I rolled my eyes but didnt argue. I foolishly thought wed moved beyond this whole thing- apparently not.
	It was eerily quiet near the barn. I heard the door shut after we rounded the corner and had to assume it was Harrison or King. They were armed and waiting, but my anxiety over those three kids heightened every single one of my senses. I did not like leaving them alone, especially with an aggressive threat so close. 
	Gunfire and macabre screams of death echoed in the distance. We rounded another corner, guns raised, arms straight and still nothing. My fear spiked the further from the door we got. And even though the window had a giant hole in it, anyone crashing through it would be slowed down by the sharp shards of glass and generally make a lot of noise. But I didnt like not having a visual on every single Feeder. 
	On the third corner, Hendrix went first as usual, and although I was right behind him I couldnt have stopped the blow if I wanted to. A baseball flew out of the air, connecting with his shoulder and outstretched arms. Hendrixs entire body collided with the side of the barn and his gun flew out of his hand, banking off the wall and falling somewhere in the obscurity of the mud-soaked ground. 
	She- I could now identify her as a version of a woman- went at him again, throwing a swing into his side. A grunt of pain spilled out of his mouth and he dropped to one knee. 
	Damn it. 
	She was like the demon version of a female body builder- or China, the female wrestler, not the country. Would people still understand that WWF reference? Probably not. The whole wrestling niche probably died right along with fast food and pay at the pump gas stations.
	I didnt hesitate, I couldnt- it would have been the difference between life and death for him. Her arms were raised above her head as if she would put all her strength into a blow to his head. I shot at her wrist first, missing my exact target, but still hitting her in the elbow. Bits and pieces of flesh and bone flew back with the connection of my bullet to her skin and she dropped her useless arm to her side. Undaunted by the loss of limb, she swung her left arm out at me. I shot again, this time hitting her in the shoulder. Her body jerked back with the impact and her hungry gaze met mine. Saliva and something else I didnt even want to identify dripped from her open mouth and the pure, undiluted scent of rotting flesh filled the air. One-half of her face was peeled back from the decay of her disease and her hair had mostly fallen out, leaving only stringy strands of knotted clumps. She was still wearing earrings- which disturbed me more than anything. The little gold balls were proof of her former, once normal life. And what was left of her tight fitting jeans and torn blouse suggested a woman not exactly destined for a life of physical violence. She let out one more of her ear-shattering screeches and her hunger became like this tangible force I felt pushing against us. 
	I looked into those dead, greedy eyes and erased every ounce of sympathy for her past life brewing inside me. Correcting my aim at the same time she opened her mouth wider and lunged for Hendrixs face I let loose two bullets, landing them right between her eyes. The impact from my enormous handgun flung her body back, out of the natural trajectory of her body. She landed in an awkward heap on the ground- both arms mostly destroyed by my shots and legs bent at odd angles underneath. Her eyes were still unseeing, but no longer thirsting for flesh.
	What the hell? I demanded down at her lifeless body. You crazy bitch! I screamed- out of my mind with adrenaline and fear.
	Hendrix stood up slowly, rubbing his arm. He had recovered his gun and stood staring down at the now dead-undead with me. 
	That f-ing hurt, he grunted. She obviously played for the major league.
	A cynical laugh bubbled out of me, Obviously. Poor Hendrix, beat up by a girl. 
	Instead of replying, he wrapped his arm around my head and pulled me tightly against his chest. We stood there for a minute, breathing each other in. He made it. I made it.
	See why you stay behind me? Its not just for your sake. I might need you as much as you need me, He whispered, creating chills all over my body.
	I nodded against his chest and allowed myself three more seconds in his arms. Then I pulled my gun up to check the chamber.
	Ive got three more then the sawed off. You? I stepped away from Hendrix and his distracting proclamations and turned my attention to the hill. 
	Two clips and my M-16. 
	You should start with that one, I suggested, knowing how much damage the rifle could do.
	Its too dark for that, Hendrix shrugged, picking up his handguns and turning the final corner. Wed effectively gone around the house. These kills have to be up close and personal.
	If I get Zombie-goo in my hair again, I will not be happy. 
	Hendrix gave me a devilish smile over his shoulder and said, But I promise to help you wash it out again. Maybe then youll return the favor? 
	Even in the middle of all this carnage, butterflies assaulted my stomach at his words. You want me to wash your hair?
	Or whatever part of me is dirty, he growled in a low rumble.
	Oh, my goodness.
	I cleared my throat trying to think of how to respond. And cleared my throat again. Finally I said, You are hopeless.
	I dont believe in hopeless. I dont believe this world is hopeless, that humanity is hopeless and I certainly dont believe you and I are hopeless. Were just taking our time right now. And later, well take our time too, but in an entirely different way. 
	His words melted over my skin, hot and sensual. He was brave and domineering and most of the time a pain in my ass. But there were moments between us that were pure sex and raw attraction. Now was one of those moments.
	Im going to go kill something now, I declared, completely chickening out. He was the one battle I wasnt ready to fight just yet.
	And really, there wasnt any more time left for words. Two Feeders had broken through the line of fire between Vaughan, Haley and Nelson and the barn. One was trying to break down the door and the other pounding on the weak wood. 
	They looked up as we approached and their blood-lust infused brains told them to attack us instead of the lifeless barn. They turned, moaning and groaning, their mouths opened and wide eyes dilated with craving. In the dark I couldnt see whether their irises were red or faint pink, but by the quickness of their steps I had to assume they were well on their way to the late degeneration of Zombie-hood. 
	Hendrix took the first kill, right between the eyes. I lifted my gun, warned myself that I could not miss and pulled the trigger. My bullet hit the Feeder right in the nose- bulls-eye- shattering his face on impact. I was far enough back that I didnt feel any splattering debris and for that I was very, very grateful.
	Sounds of glass breaking and gunfire had us leaving our kills on the ground where they lay and rounding the corner of the barn again. Three Feeders were trying to crawl through the broken window. One had high-centered himself on the thick shards of glass, and the other two were using his body as leverage to hoist themselves over. 
	One of the boys was on the inside, shooting the home-invaders before they could get inside. Whichever boy was doing the shooting got the Feeder on the top of the pile and he slid down the other bodies lifeless and unmoving on the ground. I went for the next one. He had been pulled back with the momentum of the first guy so his head was now in plain view. I hit the back of his neck with my first shot and, while he was not the same after that, he was still able to flail around and bite things. I took my last bullet, aimed it at the back of his head and this time did not miss.
	Two down, one to go. 
	While I pulled my sawed-off from my pack, Hendrix yelled, Get back. He didnt wait for a response though, and took the barrel of his gun straight to the temple of the Zombie still stuck in the middle of the window, flailing around like a seal. The Feeder had just started to turn his head towards Hendrixs wrist when the shot resounded through the night and the Feeder fell limp and dead against the window ledge. Pages startled scream accented each kill with a shrill sound of terror.
	Hendrix pulled his hand back, wiping the infected blood against his pants leg. Do you still have that alcohol and those disinfectant wipes? he asked casually.
Yep, I whispered. My heart was pounding violently in my chest. Do you want them now?
No, I plan to get a little bloodier first, he promised. He stuck his head in the broken window over the Zombies unmoving body and ordered, Stay where you are. Youre doing a great job. Do you need more ammo?
	King called back, his voice shaking just the tiniest, Were good for now.
	Lets go, I ordered Hendrix.
	I could see Haley surrounded in the distance. She was faster than the Feeders and killing as quickly as she could, but Vaughan and Nelson were both definitely occupied and unable to offer her help. 
	Hendrix took off running and I pushed myself to keep up. The ground was obnoxiously coated with mud, and with each step my tennis shoes sunk further into the earth, covered in thick gooeyness. But I pushed through, anxious to get to my friend. 
	About ten feet out from Haley, Hendrix stopped and started picking off Feeders. I rounded Hendrix and aimed in the other direction.
	No, Hendrix demanded. That thing is too unpredictable. Stand by me and dont use it until you have no doubt you wont miss.
	Annoyed, I huffed, Thats my best friend, the only family I have left. I have no doubt I wont miss.
	Hendrix didnt reply, just kept firing. And I obeyed because he was right. This gun was far from accurate and the spray was insane. I didnt want Haley or anyone else to get caught in my fire. 
And it seemed she didnt need me with Hendrixs precise aim picking off Feeder after Feeder. Haley finally got some breathing room and her shots became more accurate as she panicked less.
I hated watching this happen though. I hated feeling the frustration of uselessness. At least when I was an active part of fighting my brain could focus on singular things- like each kill, each move as I made it. Standing next to Hendrix while the battle raged on around me, allowed me to wander through all the what-ifs and focus on all my friends as each one fought off incredible peril. 
The sound of flesh being ripped away from bone by teeth had me spinning in circles and desperate to figure out where it was coming from. My stomach lurched at the fear it could be any one of our group, that someone had fallen victim to this vileness.
I stumbled away from Hendrix, determined to save whoever it was from a fate worse than death. And I would save them. Whether they had been bitten or not, I would avenge them and refuse to let the disease take hold of their body. We were in this together, nobody was getting out of our group, whether they were infected or not.
To my extreme relief, I found that it was just another Zombie eating one of his own dead. 
	Ick.
	Heady relief washed through me and I even closed my eyes in reprieve. I picked up my shotgun, cocked it with a swift pull of my hand and slid my finger over the trigger. The release of the bullet boomed through the night. The backlash of the butt hit me right in the shoulder, wobbling me off balance, but I hit my target. The Feeder had been unaware of me as he hovered over his meal, so he hadnt even noticed as I lined up my shot. He lay dead now, beside his already lifeless victim, with the entire exposed side of his head gone.
	I gave Hendrix credit. This gun was a wild card- only to be used in emergencies. And now my shoulder was going to be bruised.
	Pages horrified scream piercing the night around us constituted one of those terrifying moments in my life when my heart literally stopped beating. I glanced around but everyone else was busy with Feeders of his own. And while they stayed focused on their kills, I knew the three brothers were dying to investigate. Haley too, was still fighting for her life. It was up to me and my unpredictable gun to protect the younger ones. 
	I raced back to the barn. I wasnt so far away that it took me a long time, but I was far enough that I couldnt make out what was happening. Gunfire was sounding from inside the building and Pages screams could be heard above it all.
	I sprinted as best as I could through the sludge. I had seven shells to illicit as much damage as I could and a hunting knife strapped to the outside of my pack. Finally I could make out a group of bodies, ripping away one of the walls of the barn. My stomach lurched at the thought of the structure collapsing on top of Page and the boys.
	As soon as I was in range I shouted, King, Harrison, get down! I didnt want my spray to accidentally catch one of them. I had to trust that they heard and listened.
	I pumped a shell into the chamber and pulled the trigger. The shot deafened the night, even above the screams and moaning. The kickback hit me in the shoulder again, but this time I was prepared for it. 
	I didnt wait to see what kind of damage I caused; I just pulled back and shot again. And again and again. Always aiming at the cluster of Feeders standing between those I loved and me. Seven times I released shells; seven times I caught the kickback with my shoulder. 
	My pockets were now empty of any and all ammo; my guns were useless. I threw the shotgun on the ground and reached for my knife in one fluid movement. Tearing it out of its holster I brandished it in front of me and dove for the still clambering Zombies. 
	It wasnt that my aim was off, but the spray of the shotgun wasnt exactly accurate. The pile of undead bodies were maimed and broken with bloody body parts flung about everywhere, but if I didnt get them in the brain then they still lived, still hungered for more flesh.
	A knife was effective only if I could get it into the brain; I wasnt exactly in a strong enough position to stab through thick, hard skull. While Id developed muscles I didnt even know existed during the last two years, I was still pathetically on the girl side. The eye socket was the best possible scenario here, but their faces were positioned away from me. 
	This was not going to be pretty- or clean.
	I sucked in a deep breath of air and held my breath. Reaching for the closest body, I grabbed hold of the ankle over mud-soaked jeans and pulled. 
	I didnt try to overthink this whole process much because what I was about to do and what I had been doing was disgusting and horrifying. 
	However I did have certain expectations. Like when I pulled on this ankle, the Feeder would come with it, flip over and I would jab him in the eye with my huge knife. 
	What I did not expect was for his leg to literally rip apart from my aggressive tug. Somewhere between his ankle and knee, his entire leg came apart. Black, sticky blood spread from the point of disconnect through his jeans, soaking the ground underneath him. He shrieked and groaned and flipped over with renewed interest in me. The wound, while disgusting, wasnt even a little bit debilitating, other than he couldnt stand anymore. 
I was so shocked by the surprise amputation that I tripped, falling back on my ass, and sinking down into the thick mud beneath me. I waved the hunting knife in front of me, but Feeders werent scared or nervous about weapons. They barely even registered them, save for the stone cold biotch that tried to play home run derby with Hendrixs body. But she was a phenomenon I would ponder later. Much. Later.
The Feeder, using his hands as springboards, lunged for me. I scampered back, using my elbows to pull my body out of his reach. His mouth was chomping like a crazed maniac and his hands lashing out in clawing motions meant to grab hold of me. 
I kicked forward, punting him in the forehead. His head snapped back on his neck with a sick crunching sound. While he was distracted, I took the initiative and pushed up from the clinging earth. Just as he whipped his head back around my knife connected with his face and I threw my body into the plunge. Sick sounds of knife slicing through flesh and bone and brain matter could be heard over everything else, and I mentally filed them away in the stuff nightmares were made of. 
The Zombie beneath my knife went rigid and lifeless with death. I rolled him over so I could leverage my knife out of his face, but it wouldnt budge. It was firmly stuck in his skull.
Swallowing back a gag, I lifted my eyes and realized the remaining Feeders from my shotgun attack had turned their attention to me. Three of them were crawling through the slaughter in my direction, making bloody pathways of deathly intent, scraping their bodies against the muddy ground. Their low keening scattered goose bumps all over my skin. 
I pulled harder on the knife, ready to end this. I yanked as hard as I could, desperate to free it. Then I pushed against the dead body with one foot, hoping to leverage my pull. My planted foot slipped on the spreading blood from my latest victim and down I went again, this time landing in a mixture of blood and gritty, wet earth. My head snapped back with my impact, connecting with the gory ground and jostling my brain. 
Twice in one freaking day my hair was tangled in Zombie goo. This was so not okay!
The knife was still in my neighbors eye socket and my ankle was suddenly grasped in the iron grip of the closest Feeder. I kicked at his face, frantic to free myself. He held on tight, never feeling pain, never feeling the necessity to let go. I was his next meal and he would eat me or die trying.
A high scream of panic ripped from my throat; I flailed and thrashed in an effort to stay away from his slobbering mouth. 
I would not get bitten. I would not become one of these things.
The other two Feeders were just inches away from my other appendages and closing in. Holy hell!  
The Zombie with his disgusting fingers wrapped around my ankle cocked his head back, ready to clamp his ravenous mouth down on my body. A bloodthirsty glint shone in his red eyes as saliva ran in streams of craving down his chin. 
I closed my eyes, letting out a desperate whimper and arched my body away from him as best as I could. 
Before I realized what I was doing, I braced myself for the impact, knowing he had me, knowing I was about to become a buffet of flesh for these monsters. 
My entire body tensed in preparation. Suddenly the door to the barn boomed open and gunfire echoed through the night. 
My eyes snapped open just in time to see the Feeder at my feet take a bullet to the back of the head and lose his life at the hands of fifteen-year-old King. The bullet exited the dead Zombies head and landed in a puff of mud right between my knees. I winced, and let out a hiss of breath.
Close call, but better a busted kneecap then a conversion to Zombie-ism. And King had managed to save me from both. 
Harrison was right behind him, taking out the two stragglers with even, well-aimed shots. 
Once every threat was eliminated, I dropped back to the bloody ground and closed my eyes in thanksgiving. Too many close calls today. Forget all the Zombies, I was going to die of a heart attack. 
Thank you, I said sincerely in a hoarse, trembling voice. 
Thank you, Harrison countered. Thats all we had left. He tossed his empty gun into the pile of Zombies. We would have been toast if you hadnt showed up. 
I am saying the same thing, I smiled darkly. Page okay?
She will be, King nodded.
The sounds of gunfire had stopped behind us and I glanced back to make sure we were all present and accounted for. Now, in the early morning light I could make out all four forms making their way back to us. 
	Did we survive? Harrison asked, taking in the same sight of his brothers and Haley returning to us.
	Looks like it, I confirmed. 
	Harrison held out his hand to me and I reached for it, ignoring the slippery feeling of blood coating my own. He helped me to my feet, putting a supportive arm under mine when I wobbled. 
	I breathed in another sigh of relief when I heard Haleys voice. She was relaxed, or as relaxed as anyone could be after Fright Night in Zombie-ville. 
	She was safe. And alive. 
	My throat immediately closed with emotion. Surviving was everything, but how many more of these close encounters of the third kind could we go through before someone didnt make it out alive- before I didnt make it out alive. 
	The Universe apparently didnt think it was much longer because around the side of the house came a crazed, raging Feeder sprinting for the three of us. He was quiet in his approach, which was disturbing, but more than that he was more insane than any of the others. It wasnt in his movements; they were surprisingly human, and it wasnt in his behavior. It was his expression. The look on his face was pure evil. His eyes were bright red, and one side of his jaw had been completely ripped away, leaving only, remnants of shredded skin, bright-crimson tendon and gnashing teeth. A deep gouge dented one side of his head and he was missing an entire ear. 
	But he was determined. Dead set on the boys and me. 
	I didnt have time to think, to react; he would be on us in a seconds and I had no weapon to protect us. I reached for guns and knives, but there was nothing there. I didnt have anything. 
	Harrison leapt in front of me in an effort to protect, even while I knew he didnt have any weapons either. King raised his gun and fired. The bullet ripped through the Zombies neck like a freight train, splattering a stream of blood from the entry and exit hole. Other than a jerk of his head, though, he didnt show any sign of pain or slowing down. 
	King continued to fire, but his gun was empty now. Only the clicking sounds of an empty chamber broke up the heavy panting from the running Zombie. 
	There were directions I should have been giving, or goodbyes I should be uttering, something should be coming out of my mouth- even a terrified scream at this point. But I was so shocked by the rogue Feeder and our inability to protect ourselves; I was more than frozen to the spot. I was paralyzed. 
	The Zombie reached us, leaping into the air to tackle one or all of us; I had no idea who it would be. I cringed in anticipation, finally having enough common sense to push both King and Harrison out of the way. With as much force as I could manage I put my hands on each of their shoulders and shoved them as hard as I could in opposite directions. 
	Three gunshots fired from over my shoulde directly in my ear deafening me immediately. Every sound was replaced with a lonely high-pitched ringing. From the silence of my own head I watched as a long, muscled forearm rested over my shoulder. Following that forearm up to a pointed, smoking gun and to the Zombie, who was wrenched back by the impact of the bullets. I felt like reality slammed on the breaks and everything moved forward in slow motion. 
	The Zombie now lifeless and empty crumpled into a puddle of his own blood. 
	I felt my mouth drop open in shock, felt my body begin to tremble and shake from the trauma of the night. Still I felt detached from my body. I felt like a spectator in my own life. How much more of this could I go through? How much more could I handle before I lost my mind? 
	Slowly my hearing came back to me, first fuzzy and dizzying, then full force. But there was nothing to hear. My hearing returned and met only shocked silence.
Finally, after several tense moments, Hendrix growled out, Reagan-
Dont say it, I breathed through a shaking voice. I turned around and wrapped my arms around his neck. He was right there, arms clutching my waist before Id even fully turned.
	He buried his face against my neck and breathed me in, nuzzling his nose against my dirty, sticky skin. I did the same to him, inhaling him, relishing in the feel of his body and how alive he was. 
	What did you think I was going to say? he asked in a rough whisper. 
	You were going to tell me to come here. But, Im already here, Hendrix, I answered through a muffled voice. A lone tear snaked down my cheek and dripped off my chin onto his t-shirt. 
	You are already here, arent you? His voice was thick and filled with possession. He gripped me tighter, pulling me against his hard body. 
	More tears spilled from my eyes, I couldnt stop them now. I had been strong and as unemotional as possible over the last two years. But I couldnt be that way anymore. Part of me had maintained my tough exterior because I had to, because there wasnt a single safe place for me to retreat to, for me to become vulnerable in. But with Hendrixs arms wrapped securely around me I finally found that safe place, the place that made it okay for me to cry, for me to grieve.
	I sobbed against Hendrix, open and raw. This life wasnt fair, this existence not acceptable. But it was all that was left and I had no choice but to survive it. Still, it didnt make all this gore and difficulty easy. 
	In fact, this was very, very hard.
	Dont cry, Reagan, Hendrix ordered, wincing against my neck. We made it. Everyones alright. Were going to be alright.
	I only cried harder at his words; ugly, sobbing, sniffling tears streaked across my dirty face and drenched Hendrixs t-shirt. He pressed me against him, tightening his arms so firmly I felt every inch of his body as we wrapped up in each other. 
	We made it, yeah? He asked in a barely audible whisper. He was afraid, terrified for me and I wanted to reassure him, but I couldnt. I was a mess right now. Reagan, he asked in a more determined voice. We made it.
	I nodded into his neck and found the courage to speak. We made it. 
	And were going to be alright, he prompted.
	Were going to be alright. I echoed. 
	Look at me, he demanded, full of his usual confidence again. Im not going to let anything happen to you. But you have to stay with me.
	I shook my head, Your siblings-
	Dont, he cut me off, his blue eyes piercing straight through me. I dont mean that. I am grateful for what you did for them. I mean everything else. You stay with me.
	I didnt answer. I couldnt. I didnt know exactly what he was asking. I just threw myself back against his body and clung to his neck. I felt a chuckle vibrate through him and he gave me one more comforting squeeze. 
Reagan, youre going to kill me, you know that? he sounded amused, even while his lips danced over my skin. Good thing Im used to near death experiences.
	I dont know what that means, I sighed dryly, finally feeling like myself again.
	Of course, you dont, he laughed. Come on, now that your breakdown is over, you definitely need a shower.
	A shower sounds amazing, I groaned, pulling away from him.
	Just remember you promised to let me wash your body, he said seriously, reaching for my hand.
	Um, I think we said hair, I corrected, ignoring the jolt of something delicious heating my body.
	Mmm, Im pretty sure we said body, he grinned down at me and pulled me over to the rest of the group that had been patiently giving us space. 
	Im pretty sure we said hair, I argued. And thats if youre lucky.
	Its not about luck, Reagan. Its about something so much more necessary than luck. 
	And whats that? I asked in a tiny whisper.
	Guess well find out soon enough. But he definitely sounded like he already knew.

Chapter Four

	We walked for hours that morning. We were filthy and still bloody from last nights battle, and exhausted since nobody got more than maybe an hour of sleep. Other than the few disinfectant wipes I had to share, we werent able to clean up at all, and all of us were too nervous to try to find a river or creek. We just wanted to find some kind of shelter.
	We stayed along the highway, like usual, but the topic of venturing toward a town had been raised. We couldnt continue much further in our condition. We only had a few guns with ammo and not enough food to keep us full. We could all use a bath- desperately use a bath- and it would be nice to find out more about the Zombies in this area. 
	Over the past two years, Haley and I had been able to pick up rumors about other parts of the world. Not everything we heard could be believed, but we had a system of finding out what was considered widespread knowledge and what were some weary travelers paranoid suspicions. Usually, if we heard a rumor in more than one place and from more than one kind of person, like an old man, a middle-aged woman and a teenager, we started to believe that everyone generally believed it as truth. Now, this didnt necessarily mean we believed it just because everybody else did. But our system had become a way for us to get the local and worldwide news, so to speak.
	One thing we had heard over and over again was that Mexico and everywhere south of America had a stronger breed of Zombies. They were, in fact, so much stronger that they organized themselves into armies and were successfully taking over South America. This was one of those rumors that everybody believed, but we didnt know what to make of it.
	The Zombies we had run into thus far had all been mindless with the need to eat and crazed to feed their brains-addiction. They had been relatively easy to kill, especially if they were by themselves. Obviously a horde of them posed a different set of issues, but if they could be shot well enough in the head, they flailed, they stopped trying to bite you, and they died. Easy.
	There had been enough examples of smarter-thinking Zombies in the last two and a half weeks for me to start believing all the South America rumors. In the last two years, I had never heard of Zombies organizing themselves like the time before we met Gary, or last night. I had never heard of a Zombie picking up a weapon or trying to physically subdue their prey before they attacked, like last night when Hendrix was used for batting practice. These were not good signs. 
	This meant a Zombie army could exist. It meant they were capable of rational thinking- of planning and organizing. 
	Of meeting us on a battlefield and winning.
	And that sucked. 
	Now it was more important than ever to get some kind of transportation and find more weapons.
	Easy, right? 
	Vaughan, we have got to find a place to stop, Nelson groaned. It was mid-morning and we were all wearing the cranky effects of exhaustion. Reagan reeks! For real, I cant take it anymore.
	Shut up, asshole! I shoved him in the back.
	Cuss jar, Page demanded.
	Page, he said I smelled! I huffed, annoyed that I slipped up in front of her. This was the end of the world, not a pirate ship. I didnt want her thinking every girl cursed like a sailor, just the bloody, gore-covered, no-sleep, out-of-ammo ones. Okay, and a lot more too, but she was only eight.
	Reagan, she tsked, sounding so much older than her few years. You do smell!
  	Traitors, I grumbled. You are all traitors.
	There, Haley pointed in the distance. Whats that over there? 
	We followed her finger and saw a trailer park. Nestled next to a cross highway boasted a big sign proclaiming The Grove- Comfortable Mobile Homes and Trailers. 
	The Grove, I mumbled, reading the sign. What do you think, Vaughan? 
	I think its empty, has running water, plenty of food and toilet paper, he answered confidently.
	I was shocked, more so by his willingness to lie to everyone now than anything else. Really?
	Really, he repeated.
	Are you joking? I demanded. I kind of hated how I questioned him on everything, but he wasnt my big brother, I didnt have to take his word as gospel. Plus, I secretly believed he liked the challenge.
	No, Im not joking, but our other options are a Zombie-infested hell hole, or worse, people. I have neither the strength nor energy to deal with either. So Im trying to stay positive. Plus, you really do smell. We have to clean you up or someone is going to accidentally shoot you and I cant afford the wasted bullet right now.
	Yeesh. Id never heard Vaughan so disparaging before. I wondered if he was just tired and cranky or if something else was going on.
	Please, nobody shoot me, I begged dryly. The trailer park it is.
	They were already walking in that direction, though. Apparently my vote didnt count for much. 
	We stomped through fields of tall weeds and thick grass, still wet from last nights storms. We didnt speak on our walk over and everything else was quiet; the whole world was quiet. There was no traffic on the highway, no doors opening or closing in the distance, there were no birds flying overhead or insects buzzing around the plants and flowers. Only our shoes stepping through the tall grass disturbed the silence.
	We walked along a fence that wrapped around the property until finally we came to the front entrance. This park appeared to at one time been well taken care of and maintained, trash was littered everywhere, along with discarded pieces of furniture, dishes and clothing. Several structures were caved in, either by animals, Zombies or the elements. There was more than one car visible under tented carports and parked in driveways. 
	We moved past an administration office of sorts and into the park proper. Narrow driveways led up to doublewide trailers that once had owners that took pride in their homes. Now each place had fallen into disrepair or been vandalized. Windows were smashed, front doors hung off hinges and more than one home sported enormous holes in the siding. 
	Hoping for less chaos, Vaughan kept us moving toward the back of the park. Looters and vandals werent picky with what they took or destroyed, but often times they were lazy. They only went after what was easy, what was accessible. The back of the park threatened more danger, but it wasnt like we werent used to fighting for our right to party. If last night was any indication of what we were willing to put up with for a dry place to stay and a decent nights sleep. 
	Although we got neither.
	Were not staying the night here, obviously. Vaughans voice was barely above a whisper. But maybe we can at least clean up and restock some of our supplies.
	So, just. pick one? Hendrix asked, his voice louder and more confident.
	Vaughan sighed but nodded. Yeah, just pick one. Stay in pairs. Ill take King and Harrison. Nelson go with Haley. Hendrix stay with Reagan. Page, you can choose your group.
	With us! Haley volunteered immediately. I suppressed my smile. Page, come with us. Well search for fun stuff. Haley grinned wickedly at her. Nelson stared after in outraged disbelief.
	Really? he demanded.
	I have a shopping list, she hissed quietly. You wont let me get anything done if were alone.
	Exactly! 
	Whats on your shopping list? Page asked innocently. 
	Toys, Haley replied. 
	Oooh, what kind of toys? Page asked, delighted with her group.
	A doll for you, Haley replied slowly. And lots of goodies for me. 
	You know, even in the Apocalypse I hate shopping with girls, Nelson grumbled but followed after Haley in search of toys, which I took as code for tampons. Boys just had no idea how hard it was to be a girl.
	Hendrix and I turned away from Vaughan and the younger brothers in search of our own shopping lists. This was like a neighborhood scavenger hunt, only not nearly as exciting and instead of winning a prize, you just got to not die.
	It was odd splitting up like this, but this place was definitely low key. There were no lurkers hiding in the shadows, or even wild animals poised for attack. The entire place felt acutely empty; we took advantage of that. 
	Besides, I had Hendrix, the one-man killing machine and what was left of his guns and ammo to protect me. That was enough to make me feel safe.
	We should get you cleaned up first, he stated, definitely not a suggestion.
	Which one feels right? I smirked up at him.
	Now were hippies? He looked down at me, amusement flashing in his deep blue eyes.
	Not hippies, I corrected. Gamblers. Which one feels lucky?
	Youve been talking a lot about luck lately, he sounded entertained by that. Maybe youre the one feeling lucky?
	Definitely, I quickly agreed. Ive had Feeders at my throat more than once today. Yet here I am. Someones on my side. And it might not be luck, but I cant help but feel a little bit lucky and a lot blessed.
	Plus theres me? He led the way up a set of latticed stairs and kicked open a door to a relatively unscathed tan trailer. 
	You? I laughed.
	Yes, me, he scowled at me like I should have already been thinking that.
	Sure, you, I patted his chest as I walked past him into someone elses home and shook my head. He was getting way too sure of himself.
	We spent some time exploring the trailer. A family had lived here with two parents and two little girls. Hendrix picked out an abandoned Barbie and blond-haired doll for Page out of the dusty collection left behind. We also found toothpaste, floss, two bottles of expired Tylenol and Benadryl in the bathroom. A half-gone tube of Neosporin made this trip extremely worth it. 
In the Master bedroom, Hendrix pocketed a few pieces of jewelry that looked like real gold and silver and we found some articles of clothing to replace the ones we were wearing. We could have easily gone through our packs, but truthfully this was easier and we didnt have to waste time unpacking and repacking. 
	In the little girls room I also found Page some more socks, underwear and practical pieces of clothing like t-shirts and jeans. A new hair brush was a great addition as were a few chapter books to help keep up with her education. They made me feel actually rich and wealthy in the most important ways. 
	In the kitchen we didnt find much, but there was an entire case of bottled water and granola bars. We set aside half of the water and used the other half to wash off. 
	Strip, Hendrix commanded. Take as much off as you feel comfortable with and Ill help you over the sink.  
	Youre so bossy, I growled, but already started to obey. He walked over to lock the front door and I started taking pieces of clothing off in the middle of the kitchen. I kicked them to one side and didnt stop until I was back in my cami and underwear. My bare feet felt funny on the cool linoleum floor and I wiggled my toes in the air just because I could. 
	This could almost make me thankful for Zombies, Hendrix rasped in a deep voice. 
	He walked over to me with slow, purposeful steps. I backed away from him until I hit the sink behind me. He, of course, didnt stop, not until his hand was splayed across my hip and his thumb was making light circles on my exposed stomach. 
	Tip your head back. He looked down at me, eyes flashing with barely restrained heat.
	I swallowed against the lump in my throat, unable to do anything but obey.   
	He carefully poured the room temperature water over my head with one hand and worked the fingers of his other one through my hair. I closed my eyes as he completely wetted my head. 
	When he pulled out the shampoo, I realized I had a choice to make. This was heavenly and strangely erotic, but this was definitely not the most efficient way to go about this. 
	Here, this will be easier, I promised.
	I turned around and leaned forward over the sink. Together we worked the shampoo through my hair, then I helped him rinse it out. He disappeared for a second into the bathroom and reappeared with several washcloths. We wet a couple being painfully careful not to spill any extra water. Then I got to work, giving myself the best bath I could while I was still partially dressed, half asleep and dealing with Hendrixs roaming eyes. 
	Youre so aggressive, I finally sighed. I was on my fifth washcloth, since they were impossible to rinse properly. I might never like you. 
	He let out a bark of laughter and straightened to standing. He toed off his shoes and stripped right in front of me, right down to his boxers. Dang it, and I was really hoping not to be affected by his near nakedness. 
	You might not, he agreed, which surprised me.
	I leaned over as he dipped his head down toward the sink and started pouring water onto his head. I ran my fingers through his too-long hair, right along with the water; he moaned a deep, rumbling sound of approval.
	You might meet another girl, one that you like better, I suggested, although the possibilities were slim, not that it was impossible, to find someone better than me, just that he literally couldnt find someone else. We might be all that remained of the normal, human population.
	Maybe, he still agreed, but this time he sounded very cynical. Surprisingly a pang of pride hit me; I liked, even if it was reluctantly, that he didnt think he would like someone better than me. 	
	Im not that great, I promised him, feeling the need to throw myself to the wolves out of fear of the unknown. Im kind of high maintenance.
	At this point, Reagan, I know what Im getting myself into, he countered.
	But weve only known each other for a few weeks, I argued. You dont really know anything about me.
	Hendrix stood up and faced me. He casually leaned back against the counter and let his eyes travel my length, taking in each part of me. Slowly he reached for a towel, also from the bathroom, and began to dry off. But it was too late; steady streams of water had already begun to move down his chest, over the contours of lean muscle and into the dips and ridges that marked the way.
	I was kind of mesmerized by the whole thing.
	Thats not true, he finally broke the weighted silence between us. I know that youve never been afraid of death, not even when I found you in that department store and you only had three bullets left and you were not afraid last night either. I know youve kept your best friend alive for the last two years, that you love her like family and would do anything and everything for her. I know youve risked your life for my family, more than once. And I know youve risked it for me. I know you dont like bugs, but you do like animals and it bothers you that you havent seen one in a while. I know you miss your parents and your old life but you courageously keep a faade up for everyone elses sake. I know you hate killing, that it makes you sad, but that youre brave enough to do it anyway because you want to survive and you want those you care about to survive. Youre good, funny, beautiful and strong. And maybe there is a lot I dont know about you yet. But what I do know, I like and admire. And the greatest adventure I can imagine living would be to get to know every piece of you thats left to discover.
	My heart stuttered in my chest, and my throat closed with an unnamed emotion. Hendrix baffled me most of the time, infuriated me a lot of the time and called to some hidden part of me all of the time. But it was moments like this when I was convinced I was a book and he was the only one who knew how to read me, that I was music, but he was the only one that could hear me.
	I didnt believe in fate, or destiny or any other bullshit like that. How could I after I had witnessed Zombies take over the planet and kill almost everyone alive? Any higher power with good intentions had clearly moved on from this world.
	But in this moment, this isolated moment in my life when time felt like it stopped and the world ceased to exist outside of these thin walls, I could almost believe Hendrix was created specifically for me.
	Even if that was crazy.
	Im not ready for any of this, I whispered, gesturing between the two of us with my pointer finger. 
	You dont have to be, Hendrix promised. Im not asking for anything, Reagan. Just maybe that you get to know me, too. At least make an informed decision before you put up all those steel walls you have around you. 
	A small smile tilted my lips. Maybe he did know me better than I thought. 
	Ill think about it, I compromised without giving him his way and hiding behind those walls he was talking about.
	Youll think about it? He asked dryly. Thats very magnanimous of you. 
	Well, I do what I can, I sighed. 
	Better get dressed, he ordered, his eyes floating over my exposed skin like a caress.
	We should probably get going, I agreed, unable to move from my spot. I couldnt, not when he was looking at me like that, like I was a treasure, like I was worth more than bottled water and medicine.
	That and I just sounded like the best kind of guy. Really pulled out my A game. If you keep standing there half naked Im going to ruin all that by attacking you, he confessed with a small smile.
	Ok, I get your point, I called out from over my shoulder as I sprinted from the kitchen. I locked myself in the master bedroom and pulled on new undies- from my backpack- yoga pants and a maroon long sleeved Razorbacks t-shirt from the woman who used to live here.  
	I fingered my wet hair into a low, over the shoulder braid and traded my filthy, bloody shoes for a pair of worn tennis shoes that were a size too big, but better than nothing. I finished with Chapstick- not exactly a necessity but after Hendrixs speech I felt like I needed something to break up the no-makeup, freshly-survived look. And I was too tired to deal with actual makeup.
	Although I still had plenty of eyeliner. 
	When I emerged from the bedroom Hendrix was already dressed and ready to go. He must have packed up all the water and food because it was nowhere in sight. His loose t-shirt and baggy jeans were all a little too big for him, but hed grabbed a belt from the man that lived here and the shoes were a perfect fit for him. He managed to make it all look hot as hell, and even with his wet hair hanging over his eyebrows he was male perfection and a thousand percent testosterone.
	I shook my head, wondering how in the world I was going to keep my distance from that? Not when it wasnt just good looks and sex appeal, but chivalry and goodness and charm. 
	We were silent as we abandoned the trailer, leaving it empty and in disarray just like the previous owners. We walked quietly until we found the rest of our group, all huddled around a wood-paneled, rusted-out minivan.
	Does it run? Hendrix asked with careful control, cautious not to show any hope.
	Vaughan nodded, And it has a full tank of gas. 
	Vaughans eyes darted between Hendrix and me in a look of narrowed distrust. When our gazes caught and tangled together something flashed behind his shuttered expression. He held my stare for a few charged moments, cleared his throat and looked away. 
	Then what are we waiting for? Hendrix asked. 
	Nothing, Vaughan shook his head. You guys.
	My eyes found Haleys through the crowd and I smiled at her wet head and rosy blush. She was avoiding Nelson like the Zombie-plague and I was so itching to talk to her about everything. Instead, I climbed in behind her, and sunk down into the dusty seat. We reached for each others hands and she laid her head on my shoulder.
	Get clean? She asked quietly while Page climbed into the back with us. 
	King was shoved back there too, so we were squished and sitting on top of each other, but it was worth it to have actual transportation after more than a week of walking.
	Yep, I sighed. You?
	Yep. She echoed. We need to talk.
	No kidding, I laughed. 
	We fell silent as Nelson and Harrison loaded our packs in the trunk and filed into the captain chairs in front of us. Vaughan slid into the drivers seat and Hendrix road shotgun like usual.
	Then we were off, pulling out of the trailer park and headed south on the highway again.
	Hendrix was right when he called this an adventure, and not just one of survival. We were fighting for our lives, yes, but we were experiencing life in a way I didnt know existed. 
	There was danger at every turn, pain and difficulty. But there was community too, and hope and love. 
	Wed accidentally crossed paths with the Parkers, but because of them we had a quality of life that hadnt been there before, even before the Zombies. They added a layer to our lives that resounded with happiness and friendship.
	And maybe, with one of them something more.
	I didnt know for sure yet. And I probably wouldnt know for a while. But while we fought through this world of death and decay I was willing to find out. 
	I was willing to put down my walls and let something like love in, even if it wasnt love yet.

Episode Four

Chapter One
681 Days after initial infection
Haley

	My feet hurt. My back hurts. My brain hurts. 
	Tick. Tick. Tick. Tick. 
	Weve been with the Parker brothers for over a month. Each day passes and we breathe a little easier around each other, a little more familiarly. And Reagan and I relax just a smidge more with each hour were not fighting tooth and nail for our lives alone. 
	The last two years have been intense, to put it mildly. And I think mental stamina was wearing thin on both of us. 
	Theres only so much two girls can take of the killing, the hunting, the foraging, and the not-dying. It was a lot. 
	And it wasnt like someone prepared us to go through this. Our parents died, the same week all our friends died, or worse, and we went on the homeless-vagabond-murdering-anything-in-our-paths run. 
	Not ideally how twenty-year-old girls typically spend their time.
	Well, twenty-year-old girls before the infection. Now, it was the norm, and if not that norm then the norm that included feasting on flesh or being feasted upon. 
	Tick. Tick. Tick. Tick. 
	I pushed a hand to my temple and stifled a wince. This pain in my brain was not physical per se, but it still hurt and drove me crazy with constant irritation. It was like a perpetual migraine without the bodily symptoms, which made no sense to anyone, except me. 
	I needed music. 
	How could anyone live in a world without music? This was like my private hell, a purgatory specialized in throwing every personalized, worst-case scenario my way. There wasnt a radio, electricity for my iPod, or even instruments for people to serenade me with. There was just silence. 
	The silence was broken only by an occasional dog bark, the distant squawking of unhappy birds or the unsettling sound of Zombie moans as they tried to eat my face. This was the soundtrack to my life and it was miserable. 
	I needed to occupy my brain, or as my dad used to say, exercise it. If he were alive today, he would be absolutely crazy with the stagnancy of his mind. Of course, if my dad were alive, he would have already found some kind of safe faction for us to live with and developed a cure for the whole thing. Maybe that was assigning his genius too much credit; but he was dead, so I was allowed to put him on a pedestal. 
	Tick. Tick. Tick. Tick.
	I bounced high in my seat when Vaughan couldnt avoid a pothole and slid into Nelson. I had no idea how he ended up next to me in the back of the van, but here he was. And now I was in his lap.
	Finally, Harrison groaned and filled in the space I had previously occupied. 
	Hey! I complained. I scrambled to a crouched half-standing position, as far from Nelsons lap as possible.  
	Nope, Harrison crossed his arms and shook his head. His long, gangly legs spread out widely in front of him and his shoulders seemed to bulk up and expand in the less confining space. He was seventeen going on Hulk Hogan, which seemed impossible since our last meal consisted of two cans of creamed corn that we shared. 
	Nelsons warm, strong hands gripped my waist and pulled me back down to him. Let him have some room. Youre fine here. 
	A flash of warmth burned in my stomach and just as quickly it was gone, leaving me somehow confused and suddenly hot. God, Nelson. I didnt even know what to do with him. He was so. caveman. 
	He was lighthearted and at times hilarious, always the laid-back brother. Except with me. For whatever reason, I brought his alpha male dominant gene to the forefront, club and all. He was ready to start this whole thing with me and I was still trying to figure out his favorite color and if he had a deviant sexual past. 
	Harrison stretched out next to me, sticking his legs far up the aisle, and resting his incredibly long arms along the back of the seat. He did look happier. 
	Fine, I agreed, wiggling just a bit to drive Nelson a little crazy. The grip on my hips intensified, his fingers digging beneath the hem of my tight long sleeved tee. But in ten minutes were switching and you get to sit on Nelsons lap. I raised my eyebrows, daring him to defy me.
	Which he did. Not a second later. 
	He burst into riotous laughter and shook his head. For a seventeen-year-old, he was kind of rude. Like I would go near that, after youve been bouncing around on top of him. He pointed in the direction of Nelsons uh fly. 
	I blushed the deepest red. Ugh. Nelson chuckled from beneath me, his chest rumbling against my back. These boys were always doing that to me! 
	And then we went over a stretch of rocky pavement and the issue in question moved. 
	Gah!
	My flush intensified to the color of a strangled eggplant and that same powerful ache bloomed in the lower part of my tummy again. 
	Heres the thing It had been two years since I was even around boys in any consistent environment. I had seen boys since the infection broke out, but that was literally the extent of our interactions. And before that I wasnt exactly the most relational creature. 
	Sure, I loved a hot and heavy make out as much as the next semi-slutty cheerleader. But, I never let anyone get close enough to make something monogamous out of me. I had issues- brain issues. And I liked to keep my weirdness as far down on the down low as possible. 
	That meant keeping everyone at a distance.
	Except for Reagan, of course. 
	The ticking of my internal time-bomb brain hazed into background music with Nelson so close to me, with his body practically vibrating with heat and want. That was unheard of for me. Nothing had ever worked to ease the insistent pounding, except music. Now I had Nelson, and I didnt know what to do with him. But he relieved my racing mind; I could at least be grateful for that.  
	Up until now, everything between us had been light flirting with a tendency to get awkward whenever he looked at me; so, it got awkward often. Well, awkward for me; I had no idea how it felt for him but sometimes the heat behind his eyes gave me a little insight. I pretended to be oblivious to all his advances thus far and I couldnt tell if it was wearing on him or not.
	Mostly because I avoided looking at him. 
	It was harder to ignore now though, with his body touching almost every inch of me, his hands clutched against my hips, his breath fanning out across my nape. I shivered. It couldnt be helped. 
	Reagan glanced back at me from one of the captains chairs in our wood-paneled, dated Chrysler Town and Country and gave me an are you okay look. I tried to smile at her, but my body was shaking with nervous energy and I knew I looked pathetically unnerved. 
	Page was sleeping across her lap, sprawled out and heavy with exhaustion, but Reagan wiggled her arm around the back of the chair and took my hand. I relaxed a touch. 
	We were in this together, joined at the soul. We were Zombie Apocalypse sorority sisters; there was no one who had my trust or my respect more than that raven-haired vixen.
	The van was relatively quiet as we traveled through rural Arkansas. The last several days had been taxing on all of us. 
	After a couple run-ins with the locals, who tended to set up shop, aka settlements, along the highway; we opted for the more scenic route south. But it hadnt exactly been peaceful and Zombie-free. Reagan had a relatively detailed map of the lower US and Mexico, so we were navigating our way utilizing paper methods. Travel had been slow and bloody, and with all the carnage, it was easy to keep our eyes focused on a Feeder-free goal. Even if the utopia we searched for didnt really exist, our sanity lay in the hope and promise of a better life to come.
	I still kept my old smart phone with me as a souvenir of where we came from- like as a society, not literally what town I was from. It was my homage to the age of technology before technology died a fast, agonizing death. Plus, it had all of my pictures from the last two years of my thriving, youthful existence before the infection. Not to mention, my coveted iPod app. So if there was ever consistent electricity again 
	Sometimes my fingers itched to pull it out and Google our location or look up the closest Chick-Fil-A, or turn on my music and fade away in the blissful sound. I kept waiting for the sensation to fade, for my habit of using the entire universe of information to stop kicking in every single time I wanted to know something. But the inclination stayed, no matter how much time had passed since Id actually surfed the web. My fingers remained restless and my brain remained unfed.
	One of Nelsons hands slid from my hip to splay out across my stomach, hidden beneath my shirt. His hand radiated heat against my bare skin and my heartbeat kicked into overdrive with a panicked rhythm. I jerked from the sensation, not at all sure what to do with the overwhelming feel of him.
	I hadnt been touched intimately in two years, four days, not since the underwhelming night of senior prom, when my date, Taven Meyers, booked us a hotel room, made out with me for four minutes, thirty-eight seconds, got himself all the way to second base and threw up in my hair. It was a night to be remembered
	I didnt even understand why hed gotten so plastered. I was the one giving up my v-card! I should have been the one reaching for liquid courage. 
	The only thing that trumped vodka-puke in prom hair was Zombie remains, but barely. 
	Nelsons nose made a gentle trail across my neck, coming to rest against the top of my shoulder. He was seconds away from placing a kiss there, I was positive. And even though there was fabric between my skin and his lips, I had the intuitive foresight that I would feel that kiss to the deepest part of my spine. 
	I whipped my head around, more afraid of that feeling than anything Id faced yet, and glared at him. Youre awfully brave, Nelson Parker. Did you forget my gun is loaded?
	He smirked, that know-it-all, cocky grin of his at me. I had never even seen him look remotely smug around anyone else. I couldnt tell if I brought out the worst in him or the best. It was much too early to tell. 
	And I would know, I would know everything, before I ever gave him a real shot. It wasnt like I had a backup plan if we turned out to be toxic for each other. And I so did not want to be one of those couples that threatened to feed each other to Zombies every waking moment because they couldnt get along, but stayed together because there were no other viable options for them to procreate with. 
	I think his is too, Harrison goaded. 
	Back to being an overly ripe tomato. 
	Omg, you are such a pervert! You so belong in high school. I punched him in the arm, but my weak fist just bounced right off his superhumanly strong bicep. Ow! How are you so strong for a child? 
	He grinned at me, pulling up his shirt sleeve and flexing a muscle no boy his age should have developed yet; hello, side-effects of a hard life. 
	Oooh, I cooed, slipping a hand around it to squeeze. Anything to distract me from the hand I hadnt seemed able to remove from under my shirt yet. I squeezed Harrisons bulging muscle again, Oooh, baby!
	Nelson pulled his hand out from under my shirt and removed my fingers from Harrisons bicep by threading his fingers through mine and bringing both our hands back to my lap. Alright, he gets it. You think hes strong. 
	He sounded so jealous and territorial that I almost laughed out loud. But I couldnt, because even now tingles of exhilaration spread out from the center of my chest to the tips of my fingers and toes. My vision seemed to fade in and out and my breathing picked up with the excitement. 
	I didnt know if I wanted Nelson yet. But I certainly didnt not want him. 
	Jealous, big brother? Harrison chuckled. Dont be resentful because all the ladies want me.
	Yep, all the ladies, Reagan laughed. 
	Please, no fighting, Harrison gestured back and forth between us. Theres plenty to go around.
	King snorted from the other captains chair and Nelson brought me closer to him, settling me deeper against his chest. He shifted my voluminous, thanks to the lack of available hair product, wavy blond hair with his nose so he could whisper in my ear. 
	His lips danced across my earlobe, pushing me further into his net of heart-entrapment. Hes not the Parker you want, Haley. I promise you that. 
	With as much bravado as I could muster I nodded my head, scraping the line of my jaw against the stubble on his chin. I know that. Ive been able to narrow it down to the other three.
	Other? he asked in a flat voice. 
	Yes, your other three brothers, I agreed as seriously as I could manage. Harrison lost in the most recent elimination. And you were out of the game a long, long time ago.
	Youre such a smartass. He began tickling me, like the terrible kind, when you cant breathe, and it almost hurts, theres so much sensation, and youre afraid youre going to pee your pants. Tears formed in my eyes and I thrashed wildly on his lap; he still gave no sign of stopping, despite my pleading/screaming.
	Holy shit! Take your seat back! Harrison cried a bit desperately when I accidently kicked him in the shin. For the love of God, take your seat back! 
	Nelson stopped immediately and wrapped his arms around my middle. His chin rested on my shoulder, his scruff gently abrading the skin along my throat. Words failed at how amazing that familiar gesture felt.
	Well be good, Nelson promised, tightening his arms around my waist. Promise. Well be good.
	I tried to look down at him, but he was holding me too tightly. I couldnt quite see his face. But the serious tone in his voice unsettled me; it was too intense, too possessive. 
	I didnt argue. I knew better. Nelson was not going to give up this fight and I didnt want to cause a scene in front of everyone. Besides, the intimacy, the protective shield he formed around me, it all felt amazing. 
	So in order to save my brain from overanalyzing every single detail about what was happening, and in an attempt to avoid memorizing his breathing pattern, I turned my attention out the window. 
	I wasnt ticking anymore, but I used the technique that came in handy for when I was. I observed. 
	I was very, very observant, like Sherlock Holmes observant. I always had been. It was a skill that had helped keep Reagan and me alive the last few years. Well, maybe it was my powers of perception and her unshakable aim. 
	It wasnt something I could turn off or ignore. It just happened to me. My brain was on, constantly. There was no shutting down, no relaxing, no unwinding. My mind worked at full power, every waking moment, and some sleeping ones too. 
	It used to be hell to walk into familiar places, because the minute details were already memorized so my brain would search out everything new and different and wrong. It was like playing Eye Spy with those big books that had pages full of jumbled scenery and setups, only it happened every single minute, of every single day. 
	I would walk in the house after a long day of school and immediately know that my dad had left the coffee pot on all day. Hed remembered to rinse out the pot, but the numerous hours of dripping had burnt the bottom anyway. The right side of the couch was getting more attention than the left side; the cushions were more worn and depressed causing it to sag just a little on that side. The last time he walked into the house, he opened the door too hard; there was a mark on the drywall. The upstairs bathroom sink dripped.
	Drip. Drip. Drip. Drip.
	Tick. Tick. Tick. Tick. 
	I was mostly likely a genius, although Id never let him test me. My dad actually was a genius- like a legit one. He was a professor of chemical science at Drake University and worked in their research labs as well. He was crazy smart. 
	And probably so was I.
	But the thought of being sent away to a different school, or the idea of living my life with that title plastered above my head in glaring neon lights didnt really work for me. I didnt like labels and I didnt want to live my life with a certain set of expectations. I just wanted to be me. 
	And normal. 
	So I kept it all a secret, hidden and buried under my over-active brain and way-beyond-average memory. I worked not to learn things; I tried really hard to just be average. 
	And for the most part it worked. There wasnt a whole lot of difference between my dad and someone elses non-genius dad. He just retained knowledge better and because of the demand his mind had on his body, he had a thirst to learn as much as he could. Maybe he had a more intellectually-demanding job than other dads, but he still arrived home tired, still fought office politics, still complained about his projects. We all ticked. 
But my dad and I just ticked faster and louder than others. And maybe our ticking was more demanding than most. We were forced to consume as much information as we could before our minds spiraled into insanity. There was a very slim line between functioning genius and raving lunatic. 
	I had learned to control mine for the most part, without becoming a super computer. But it was harder now that there wasnt anything to fill the hungry, demanding spaces of brain matter.
	Music used to be the only thing that could calm my racing thoughts. It would make the ticking stop completely and I would fade away into peaceful sound. But now, there was no music to occupy my waking moments. 
	Only silence. 
	And silence was a problem.
	Solar panels, I whispered first. Excitement and hope sprinted through me, racing with the promise of a night filled with electricity and sound. I bounced up and down, forgetting Nelson was underneath me. Solar panels!
	What? Reagan was the first to catch on that I was saying something life changing. Where? 
	Over there. That farm house. I see them all over the roof! They werent super obvious to the average eye, but I had noticed the sun reflecting at an odd angle off a mostly-hidden farmhouse. Then the closer we drove the more noticeable they became. 
	Solar panels, Nelson agreed, sounding both awed and anxious. 
	I didnt blame him. This could either be really good.
	Or really bad.
	You really want to check it out? Vaughan asked hesitantly from the front seat. 
	I havent seen any kind of civilization or settlement in a full day, Hendrix put in. 
	A full day was roughly six hours of driving, maybe a little less. Between the terrible road systems this far off the highway, the lack of readily available gas, and having to stop and set up somewhere safe-ish each night, we werent able to travel very far each day. 
	We dont know whats beyond it, though, King wisely argued. 
	But its solar panels or nothing. I didnt know if I was being reckless because I craved electricity like an addict or if it was intuition that pushed me toward the decision to stop. Either way, we could be walking into a Zombie trap. Of course, that was potentially a problem wherever we stopped. So it was either now or later. We werent in a hurry to get to Mexico. And I could charge my iPod. If we stay on these back roads were going to stay at a place like this anyway. But it probably wont have working electricity. 
	Haleys got a point, Vaughan agreed softly. He slowed the van to a stop in front of a long, gravel drive. We sat idling in the road, staring up at the seemingly empty farmhouse. 
	We stayed there for a long time, waiting for movement, waiting for Zombies to pop out of every unseen place at the sound of the engine rumbling, waiting for a holed up, half-insane farmer to come barreling out of the front door spitting tobacco, angry shotgun in hand. 
	Nothing happened. Not for fifteen full minutes. 
	All of our nerves pulled tight with apprehension. Now we were wasting precious gas, now we were sitting ducks. A decision had to be made. 
	Finally, Vaughan took a deep breath and announced, Anywhere else could be just as dangerous. We check it out. If we dont like it, we get back in the van and keep going. Its still a little early to settle down, so if this doesnt work, we find a better place. Yeah? 
	Yeah, we agreed in subdued voices. 
	This was our plan. Our plan potentially included electricity. And now I was smiling and couldnt stop. 
	You are really excited about those solar panels arent you? Nelson asked quietly as Vaughan drove the rust-bucket van up the driveway and around to the back of the house. 
	Maybe, I grinned.
	We dont know what well find inside, he reminded me somberly. 
	True, I agreed. Still, its the possibility of whats inside, isnt it?
	In a deep rumble of fierce agreement, Nelson answered, I cant argue with that.
	I turned my attention back to the house, not able to have that conversation with him. Was he talking about me? Or trying to convince me to give him a chance? Or was he seriously just talking about the house? 
	Suddenly I did not feel very smart anymore.
	Thanks a lot, Nelson.
	Not that Id ever really tried at the super brain powers thing anyway. But there was something painfully frustrating about a simple boy making me feel stupid. Is this what happened when a girl truly started to fall for a boy? Our brains turned to mush and we resorted to giggling and blushing? 
	God, that could not happen to me. 
	I was not that girl. I was not that girl. I was not that girl. 
	I shivered noticeably when he pulled his hand from underneath my shirt, brushing his fingers gently against my skin on the way.
	Maybe I was that girl just a little bit. 
	Vaughan turned off the car and instead of the noise from the engine, the clicking of clips and magazines filled the silence. Page woke up by stretching on Reagans lap and tumbling to the floor, on top of more ammo and a few packs. Her grunt of pain had all five of her brothers scowling down at her in concerned uneasiness. 
	She was a lucky little girl, even in the middle of a Zombie Apocalypse. 
	She smiled sheepishly up at everyone and brushed her hair underneath her stocking cap. General rule of conduct had Page pretending to be a boy whenever there were potential humans around. Reagan and I were beyond the years where our figures could be confused for the opposite sex, but Page was still young enough to be convincing. And every time she got away with it, we breathed a little bit easier and whispered grateful prayers, unable to stop ourselves. 
	Hendrix and I will go in first, Nelson, Harrison and King on the outside of the van, Reagan and Haley stay with Page inside. Vaughan snapped out his commands with the authority that came naturally to him and a half-second later we were following obediently.
	Nelson pressed a hand to my neck, holding me possessively for a moment. His thumb rubbed against the hollow of my throat, and his fingers pressed into my skin before slipping out from underneath me. My skin felt singed from his touch, branded and marked. I ignored the frantic pattering of my heart that whispered all kinds of hopes and secrets. That was more than a simple gesture of affection. 
	That was one of those things that couldnt be explained, that seemed so unassuming and easy, but I felt it in every single one of my extremities, in the marrow of my bones. That was a goodbye if it was necessary. That was an emotion so deep and serious that I couldnt put a name on it. 
	That was a promise to protect me. 
	And if he could manage that- a promise to continue to pursue me.
	My mind swam in a tumultuous ocean of thoughts. I didnt know how I felt, or how I should feel. But I recognized the way my blood felt on fire, how my skin tingled and pricked at the memory of his touch, how my heart pounded away in my chest, beating a rhythm of excitement and anticipation. 
	Even if in my head I was confused about my future with Nelson, my body seemed perfectly attuned to where this was going.
	And that scared me more than the potential Zombie threat lurking just a few yards away. 
	The van door slid shut with a creaking bang and then Reagan and I were left alone with Page. She seemed sleepy still and a little bit cranky. She didnt get irritable often, but every once in a while she acted her age. 
	And I thought that was a good thing.
	So, Reagan, started, shooting me a smile although her eyes remained tense. 
	So, I echoed, flashing her my own version of a what the heck look. 
	Whats going on with you guys? She mouthed to me. 
	How should I know, I grumbled, staring after Vaughan and Hendrix as they disappeared into the house. Their guns were raised, their shoulders positioned to shoot on sight. Hes just. staked his claim or whatever. Then silently so she had to read my lips I said, We barely know them.
	She nodded, laughing a little because she was in the exact same predicament. And things could go bad fast, yeah? 
	What could go bad fast? Page asked, sounding a little dazed. 
	With the Zombies, Reagan lied boldly. 
	I hid my smirk when Page looked back and forth between us. 
	Youre talking about my brothers, she deduced with her eyes shrewdly narrowed. They would never go bad. 
	Reagan looked scandalized by Pages ability to perceive, but I recognized it. Page needed to be in school. 
	You dont know that, little girl, I warned her as gently as I could. Your brothers will never be bad, but relationships can go bad. And thats what theyre asking for. 
	She shook her head slowly, as if we were the ones having trouble understanding, Not with my brothers. They dont do things badly.
	Now that I couldnt argue with her. 
	What if they get to know us better and stop liking us, Reagan argued. 
	They wouldnt like you if they thought that was going to happen, she rolled her eight-year-old eyes and puffed out an annoyed breath. 
	This was the most upset with us Id ever seen Page get and I kind of loved it. Most of the time she was perfectly obedient and lovable; I liked that she had a sassy side. 
	How do you know so much? I asked, unable to stop an indulgent smile.
	I remember what it was like when we had to leave my mom, she admitted with only a slightly trembling chin. I remember what they were like after we left home. Vaughan told me when we love something we love it forever. And when we love someone they know we love them forever. Even if we cant tell them anymore. If Nelson loves you Haley, he will always love you.
	I closed my mouth, because it had fallen open. I fought back tears for the memory of their mother I didnt own. And I decided Page, eight-year-old therapist extraordinaire, was much smarter than me, the failed genius and relationship avoider.
	Kind of sucks to get shown up by a kid, Reagan laughed. 
	No, kidding, I grumbled. 
	Page finally broke out into a smile and wagged her finger at us, Remember that. 
	We will, Reagan sobered dramatically. Always.
	Vaughan kicked in the back door with a clever foot and disappeared into the dark house with Hendrix on his heels. We quieted immediately and watched in tense anticipation for them to resurface with a thumbs up or start shooting up the place in an effort to escape alive. 
	Minutes crawled by while we sat inside the silent van. Nelson, Harrison and King surrounded us like true soldiers of freedom. I felt safe inside the van and that thought rocked me. 
	Id spent years feeling unsafe, completely vulnerable to death, disease or Zombie-ism. And here, out in the relatively open with only glass and rusted metal to shelter me, while three boys with limited ammo and a pure, focused goal to protect their baby sister and us, I felt absolutely safe and cared for.
What was I going to do with that?
A moment later, Hendrix reappeared in the door way, waving us inside. His bright blue eyes
were still tense with anxiety, but his gun hung limply at his hip. We were cleared for entry.
It must be safe.
And that meant an entire night with power!

Chapter Two

The house was dusty, choking with stagnant air from lack of use. Vaughan and Hendrix walked around with guns lowered and a kind of casual ease that seemed out of place for them.
The rest of us, kept our loaded guns at our sides down, but ready. We stood in the kitchen and surveyed the clean counters and empty sink. The refrigerator was running, the appliances plugged in and not a dirty dish in sight. However, there was also no food, except for some random canned goods in the pantry. 
Either the owner just stepped out for a minute to find some dinner, or this was the most organized evacuee in the former United States of America. 
Who thinks, I have to leave my house now, the Zombies are on their way. Better make sure the dishes are done and I took the trash out?
Reagan and I left our own houses in complete disarray. Why would this person be any different?
The house is empty, Vaughan declared in a low voice. But that doesnt mean it will stay empty.
	I think it will, I piped up. All eyes turned to me and I put my observational skills to work. Theres a thick layer of dust on everything. Look at the top of the cabinets, for one. And the blinds. If the person that lived here had enough sense to do the dishes, they wouldnt let dust collect on every surface and there would be fingerprints or upheaval somewhere throughout the house. Plus, the house is relatively safe, but not safe enough to stop a horde of Feeders. If they wanted in, all they would have to do is break through any window or door.
	So you think the owner ran? Nelson asked from across our tight circle.
	That, or they just lived a clean life but died somewhere outside of the home or on the property. I cant imagine making the dishes a priority when faced with Zombies, but thats just me. I shrugged and stepped back into the dining room. Same thing- meticulously clean, well, except for all the dust everywhere. They were here within the last six months or so though. Theres just not enough deterioration for it to have been longer. 
	We should find out, Hendrix declared in that rough voice he used sometimes, like sandpaper over freshly cut wood. There are a few outbuildings. We need to explore, find out if something happened.
	Well go, Nelson volunteered immediately, giving me his intentional eyes. I rolled mine, but didnt argue. Haley and I will go check out the barn.
	And Reagan and I will check the shed, Harrison announced quickly then challenged Hendrix with an eyebrow raise.
	I let out a snicker before I could stop myself. 
	Ill go with you guys. King looked bored standing there; and a little oblivious as he missed the daggers Hendrix was glaring into Harrison.
	I didnt blame Hendrix, though. This was one of those scenarios where we stayed together as a group all the time. There werent a whole lot of opportunities for alone time, which was fine for Reagan and me. But not so fine for any of the older boys and their general relational aspirations. Nelson, Hendrix and even Vaughan seemed to capitalize on moments like this whenever they could. The fact that Harrison stole this one straight from Hendrix in an effort to either spite him or amuse himself, was equally hilarious as it was ballsy. 
	I guess, Ill just stay here, Hendrix growled.
	Good idea, Reagan teased, slapping him on the stomach so that his t-shirt rode up and revealed taut, golden muscles. Someone needs to hold down the fort. I think this is a great job for you two. She turned and winked at Vaughan. 
	That girl was asking for so much trouble.
	And I loved every minute of it.
	The rest of us headed to the backyard and split in different directions, Reagan and the boys toward the huge metal shed and Nelson and I toward the fading red barn. 
	This was a pretty large farm, and had probably been relatively successful at one point. The outbuildings seemed to have been taken care of probably up until the infection, and the fields that stretched out beyond appeared never-ending. 
	The air was a little chilly and smelled like fall even though it was late spring. The sun was bright in the sky, making the leaves glimmer in the warm light. It was one of those perfect days that reminded me of football and bonfires. 
	When we were far enough from the other guys, Nelson threaded his fingers through mine and swung our hands back and forth a little wildly. This was a perfect moment, one of the most perfect of my life. 
	It was easy to forget that we were constantly trying to outsmart an evolving Zombie population, or avoiding humanity with their greedy, untrustworthy intentions. With butterflies in my tummy and a chest-clenching warmth spreading through my body, it was easy to forget we didnt have a home, or really a future; all we really had was an unreliable minivan, a few, but not nearly enough firearms and each other. 
	When I let myself give up my fears and doubts about Nelson, having him felt like enough. 
	He looked over at me and out of my peripheral I could see his big smile. I turned toward him and took in his wide, perfect smile, his dark blue eyes, sparkling with something promising and his more brown than blonde hair that hung messy and long over his eyebrows. He was too handsome for this ugly world we lived in, too male perfection for this upturned adventure we were on. 
	What? I asked when his smile just grew. 
	Youre not pulling away, he answered. His shoulders were naturally relaxed, his gun lazy at his side. We were supposed to be on alert, but it was hard with this private moment wrapping us in mutual attraction and heart-stuttering affection. My overly observant brain quieted and soothed next to Nelson. 
	I dont always pull away. I turned forward again, holding in my smile. 
	He was silent for a moment and then confessed, Its not just our circumstances, Haley. If I would have seen you anywhere, any time, I would have wanted you.
	I glanced at him, surprised by his flippancy. I laughed. Nelson, Im not going to be easy just because I dont have other options. A girl can still have her standards at the end of the world. And you are so not charming my pants off anytime soon. 
	Not what I meant. He tugged on my hand, pulling me in front of him. Taking two steps forward, so I was forced to take two steps back, he walked me straight into the barn siding. My backpack was still on and I felt the cushion of it as he pushed me against the faded red wood. I would have wanted you, yes. Youre gorgeous and thats just the man in me. But I meant mine, Haley. I would have wanted you to be mine. 
	I swallowed; there was nothing else to do. I couldnt respond to that or even think through what he meant. My heart hammered into overdrive and my vision narrowed until I could only see his face, the intent in his eyes. 
	I managed to shake my head and press my lips together, but nothing I did was very convincing. I wasnt exactly a skank in my old life, but the idea of commitment was more than overwhelming. Just because I was officially living out the Apocalypse as an independent adult, or that Nelson was literally my only option at the moment, didnt mean I was ready to give into monogamy just yet.
	Well go slowly, he promised in a low voice, sending a shiver straight from my spine to my toes. He was close to me, his body just a few inches from mine, his face lowered so our mouths were just a breath apart. Ill take my time getting you to fall in love with me. But I am going to kiss you today, Haley. That will happen.
	Before I could even think of a response, he tugged me off the wall and into the barn. My mind spun now, no longer pacified with the drugging effect of Nelsons presence. I tangled in circles as I worked to sort out my feelings for Nelson. Did I even want this? Him? Was I prepared to be as serious as he was about the whole thing? 
	Could I let him kiss me if I wasnt?
	The inside of the barn was dark and cool. Streams of light filtered in through windows near the roof and sprinkled light on the hay-covered rafters and dirty floor that stretched out in front of us. This wasnt a barn for animals, just mostly farming equipment. Instead of stalls and feeding troughs, the barn opened into one big room, with an office of sorts, or maybe a little apartment in the back. 
	We stood silently for a few moments, just listening to the rustle of birds and creaking sounds as the cool breeze whipped around the structure outside. 
	There was nothing in here.  We could tell immediately. At least not a Zombie. There could be a human hiding anywhere within, but the dust on the floor appeared untouched and the cobwebs surrounding rafters screamed solitude.
	Nelson let go of my hand and started walking around the border of the barn slowly, looking for anything useful. His steps kicked up dirt as he went, but he seemed focused on perusing the remains of someones former life. 
	It was eerie to be in a place like this. Somehow this farm had remained untouched by looters and Zombies alike. It seemed frozen in time, just waiting for the mystery owner to return and pick up where he left off. I imagined everything remained exactly where the farmer left it at the end of his last day of work. 
	Nelson picked up a large metal can off the ground struggling with its weight as if he were surprised by it. I heard liquid slosh around inside; my ears instantly perked up.
	Gas? I asked in a quiet voice, still not entirely trusting the barn. 
	Nelson opened the lid and took a whiff, Yep. This is a good find. 
	Definitely, I agreed. Then we continued in our separate directions. 
	I wandered around the outskirts of the barn, picking up random tools, wondering if they could be used for anything. I made a pile of the ones I recognized on a workbench and decided to let the boys pick through the rest.  
	After a while I slipped off my backpack and set my gun to safety. I hadnt heard any shots fired from outside and no scuffling of feet or heavy breathing from inside the barn; yes, those were my intruder-alert indicators. 
	Nelson worked quietly from the other side of the barn, but his presence felt invading, even from over here. Had he really meant what he said about me? How could he possibly even know that he would want me when he barely knew me? 
	None of this made sense to me. 
	The Parker brothers were good allies to have when fighting off Feeders. But they were too intense for my love life. 
	I wanted something light and easy, something I didnt have to put a whole lot of effort into. This had been my thing my whole life. And I was happy with it. 
	In fact, the only thing Id ever really tried at had been surviving. And even though I was doing alright at that, I didnt feel like the results were conclusive enough yet for me to want to translate those efforts into other parts of my life.
	If Nelson wanted something with me, he was going to get the flaky, lacking-substance Haley. I would save the real me for a different time, a different less-Zombie-ish place. 
	One where there wasnt a real fear of falling in love just to lose that love by a well-placed Feeder bite.
	At the back of the barn, I peeked into the apartment-ish room and let out a breath of relief. There wasnt anyone in here, no one hiding out in fear that we were looters, or no one that I would anticipate would capture and then enslave us. Light filtered in from two windows, revealing a private apartment that seemed cozy and comfortable. 
	A musty single bed lay out against the back wall, with a small but practical night stand next to it. A tall dresser stood on the adjacent wall with a few dusty knickknacks scattered on top. A counter stretched along one side with a hotplate, toaster oven and small sink. A dorm-sized refrigerator nestled underneath humming and buzzing with life. And there was a bowl, a plate and a coffee cup stacked on a dish towel above it. A tiny bathroom, almost hidden in the corner, was all that was left to make up the room.
	My eyes zoomed back to the purring refrigerator. It was on. There was electricity!
	Without pausing to think anything through I ran back to my pack, yanked out my iPod and charger and barreled back into the apartment. I tore through the room until I found an available outlet and immediately plugged it all in. 
	I stared at it impatiently until the red bar and battery appeared. It would still take a moment to turn on, but this was a very good sign. 
	Finally the glorious thing made a bell noise and light flashed from the screen! Success! I let out an embarrassingly girly scream, but I couldnt help it. 
	I hadnt heard music in eight and a half months. The last time had been when Reagan and I had found a settlement that had working generators. Id been able to discretely charge it there. I hadnt listened to it until we left, too afraid to reveal my treasure to other prying eyes. For the entire next day, Reagan and I anticipated listening to beautiful sound and that night, shut away in a walk-in freezer in the back of an old Applebees, wed shared ear buds and danced around each other in the dark. 	
	It was fantastic. 
	And now, I would get to do that again!
	As soon as the iPod app popped up I was all over it, swiping my finger with expert skill and blasting my music through the fuzzy speakers. As soon as I heard sound I turned around, dancing and generally acting like a crazy person. 
	But this was bliss to me- pure, dazzling, uninhibited utopia. My heartbeat instantly kicked up a notch and my blood tingled with delight. My ears felt soothed after so many months of silence and my mind felt relaxed and at ease. Finally.
	The song was upbeat and light-hearted. I took a deep breath, fully relaxing in the moment; I started dancing, there was nothing left to do at this point. I put my arms up in the air and wiggled my hips, letting the music take me away. 
	A chuckle from the doorway grabbed my attention and I whirled around to find Nelson watching me while he leaned against the door jamb. His deep blue eyes flashed with amusement and his lips curled up into a breathtaking smile. 
	I was too absorbed in the music to feel embarrassed, so instead, I shimmied over to him and grabbed his hands. I pulled him gently back to the middle of the room and held on to him while he shook his head at me.
	Im not dancing with you, he laughed gently while his eyes appraised my wiggling body.
	You are dancing with me, I argued. See? I took his hands and held them in the air while I moved my hips back and forth with the music. Nelson stood still but allowed me to maneuver his arms however I wanted. 
	You like to dance? he asked in a rumbling voice I felt in my core. 
	I love to dance, I smiled at him, hiding my reaction to the crazy sex appeal he was throwing off. There was just something about how he enjoyed watching me dance, but was too nervous to join in that I found irresistible. I kind of liked this shy version of Nelson.
	Okay, more than kind of liked.
	I havent done this in a while, he admitted. He took a tentative step into me and I took that as a good sign. I placed his hands on my hips and ran my fingers up his biceps. He shivered underneath my touch and that only fueled my courage. 
	Like how long? I asked, twirling around in front of him. When I faced him again we were inches closer and I could smell the soap he used during yesterdays personal hygiene stop in a small creek bed. What was pre-Zombie Nelson like? 
	The music continued to sing out of my iPhone speakers, changing to a different but equally as upbeat song. I messed around with some goofy moves, making Nelson laugh. I loved the sound of his laughter; it rumbled his chest and sounded like its own kind of music. 
	Probably a little bit before the outbreak, he finally answered. His fingers trailed over my hips and up to the slender part of my waist. He took another step into me, now we were only two inches apart. I was a sophomore at Northwestern before the infection; we used to go out all the time. 
	Chicago? He nodded. You were how old? I asked, thinking he was only twenty-one now.
	Nineteen, he smirked at me. Haley, it was college. There used to be these things called fake IDs and minors would use them to get into places like bars or clubs and-
	Hush now, smartass, I placed my fingers over his lips, silencing him. For a moment I stopped moving completely at the feel of his mouth under the pads of my fingers. My skin felt ice cold against the warmth of his lips. My gaze dropped down to the full mouth partially hidden beneath my hand and suddenly I struggled to swallow. I think I get your point.
	Mmm-hmmm. Suddenly he pulled his head back and chomped down on my middle finger.
	Ow! I squealed, outraged. He didnt bite hard enough for it to hurt, but still! You cant bite people in this day and age! I might just shoot you! 
	He pulled his teeth back, grazing my skin in a surprisingly tantalizing way and pressed a very gentle kiss to the pad of the same finger. I watched, mesmerized by his seduction technique. 
	This guy was a pro.
	Or I was seriously affection-starved. 
	Possibly both.
	I told you I was going to kiss you today, he whispered, his voice thick and rough. 
	A little dazed, I replied, I thought you meant on my mouth. 
	Nelsons attention was then drawn to my mouth, where he seemed hypnotized by the smallest movement. 
	Tell me more about college, I suggested, hoping to steer away from wherever that was going.
	He shook his head and forced his eyes up to meet mine. They were dark, navy blue with heat and shining with anticipation. I rested my forearms on his shoulders and clasped my hands behind his head. My fingers were trembling and I was embarrassed by how worked up he had gotten me just by biting me; this had to be an aftereffect of living with Zombies for too long. 
	Our chests brushed once, twice and then he pulled me closer to him with hands back on my waist. We were pressed together now, wrapped in each others body heat and hearts pounding against each others chest. 
	Vaughan, Hendrix and I all went to Northwestern before the infection, he shared casually, although the intensity was still in his eyes. Hendrix swam for their team and we were close to home. My dad went there; Harrison and King would have gone there too. We were just. comfortable. Having a good time, you know? It was where we belonged, where we wanted to be. Where I wanted to be.
	It didnt bother you to have both older brothers so close by? I asked. As an only child I didnt really get the whole sibling dynamic, but I would have felt smothered or maybe competitive if I went to the same school as my older brothers. 
	Were so close in age, weve always been better friends than brothers, Nelson explained. I liked having them close by. Who do you think got me my fake ID? 
	I hope there were enough girls to go around then, I drawled dryly, before I could analyze the green-eyed jealousy monster taking over my body. I just imagined those boys, those insanely attractive, family-oriented, good guys walking around a college campus. I felt like no female was truly safe from the seductive powers of the Parker brothers. 
	Nelsons expression grew very serious, his eyes darkening even further. Vaughan was really the only one of us ever interested in chasing girls. Hendrix was too focused on swimming and I just didnt; I was looking for something particular and hadnt found it yet.
	What were you looking for? I asked carefully. I felt like I was walking into a trap. But somehow I knew he already captured me. 
	A good girl, he smiled down at me. 
	I snorted cynically, Are they hard to find in bars and clubs?
	The song changed again, this time to a slow, sexy ballad. Nelson pulled me closer to him, wrapping his arms around my waist and holding me against his chest. 
	Depends on the bar. I rolled my eyes and he amended, But no, I did not find a good girl during my wild days. 
	Maybe that was the problem, I shrugged. You were too wild for the good girls. 
	He let out a soft laugh and agreed, Probably. 
	We swayed for a little bit, rocking back and forth in each others arms. His skin singed mine wherever we connected; his firm, protective muscles, and his warm body promised wicked things. I really tried to get my head out of the gutter, away from all things bad idea. But it was impossible with Nelson this close, this intentional about having something with me.
	Id never been pursued before, save for the occasional Zombie that wanted to make a snack out of me. The boys in my high school liked to hook up, but it didnt ever go anywhere because none of us wanted it to. It was hard not to fall for this, fall into this. Nelson had so many good qualities, like having saved my life several times and good teeth, even with the extinction of easily accessible dental care. 
	I didnt want to make my decision to finally commit based on lack of options. 
	But on the other hand, things didnt have to get serious with Nelson. Just because we were doing this, whatever this was, didnt mean this was it for either of us. This could be mutually beneficial until we figured it out. 
	What were you like before the Zombies?
	I cleared my throat before answering, not really sure what to say. Young, I finally decided. Nave. 
	Youre supposed to be young and nave and eighteen, Nelson chuckled.
	I was popular, I added, as if it mattered now. Reagan and I were cheerleaders and our school was pretty small. So it wasnt like it was this huge accomplishment, but I had a lot of friends. That seemed important back then.
	Being popular or having a lot of friends?
	Having a lot of friends, I clarified, realizing how shallow I sounded. I mean, I didnt really care about the popularity part of it, but I liked knowing everyone; I liked being liked. You know? And I liked liking other people. When I say I had a lot of friends, I mean the friendship went both ways. I wasnt just this two-faced person that everyone thought liked them while I talked bad behind their backs. I genuinely liked most people. That just came naturally to me. Its weird now. Not having more than one friend, not being able to like people or trust them. I feel wrong about it. It goes against my nature. But at the same time, so does dying. And it feels like if I let my guard down for just one second Ill regret it; something will happen and Ill never be able to get my life back. I paused and added, Not that I would exactly call this the life I want to live, but its better than nothing. 
	You have more than one friend, Nelson promised. He dropped his head and ran his nose up the line of my jaw, from chin to earlobe. You have my brothers. And Page. Page counts for something, doesnt she? 
	I smiled at that, Page definitely counts for something. His nose went from my earlobe down the line of my throat and he kind of played a back and forth game against my collarbone. My stomach clenched and tightened at the feeling and I resisted the urge to close my eyes and lean into him- but barely. What about you? Are you saying youre not my friend? 
	Mmm-hmmm, he breathed against my skin. Thats exactly what Im saying. 
	Thats not very nice, I tried to argue, but I was breathless and dizzy from the onslaught of his caressing touch.
	Sure it is. He brought his head up slowly, so that he looked me in the eyes again. Im something so much better than a friend.
	I burst into laughter at the sound of his smooth charm and flawless arrogance. Really? You thought I would be that easy? 
	He laughed too, not even seeming embarrassed, No, I guess not. And Im probably glad youre not that easy.
	Thank you, I said while my giggles tapered off. Now that is a compliment.
	But its true, Haley. I have no interest in being your friend.
	Im not a good girl, Nelson. I kill things on a daily basis. I would do anything to stay alive and keep those I love alive. A good girl would not do anything; a good girl would be able to find her moral compass. I lost mine somewhere between going on my first college trip with Reagan and when the Zombies invaded my home town. Shes probably out there, though. You just have to be a little more patient than the first girl that literally falls into your lap.
	He was silent for a minute as we continued to sway back and forth with the music. I couldnt even tell you what had been playing for the last several minutes. The only thing my brain seemed to care about at the moment was Nelson. Consequentially, Nelson was the only thing my body cared about at the moment, too.
	Do you really think thats why Im interested in you, he asked in a soft kind of outrage. 
	I think Im a good option, if you had to choose one. Im not ugly, I have all my teeth and plus side, Im all the way alive. But I also dont believe in love at first sight; and you and I havent known each other for that long.
	I dont believe in love at first sight either, Haley. Which is why Im not in love with you, his words were gentle and careful. So when I felt the pang in my chest when he said he wasnt in love with me, no one was more surprised than I was. He held my gaze with his hypnotic dark blues and then confessed, But I want to be.
	I am not a good girl, I echoed in a hoarse voice.
	Heres the thing about that. When I was in college, I had this idea of what a good girl looked like and acted like. I have since changed my opinion about that. Nelson was smiling again and I felt a little bit safer in this territory. I was much less vulnerable if he was laughing and joking. It was when he looked deep into my eyes and lowered his voice that I got in trouble. I used to think a good girl didnt smoke, she didnt do drugs, she only occasionally drank and never acted out of control. She went to church, she cared about the homeless. She had a whole list of traits that could qualify her as a good girl. And while a lot of good girls do have those characteristics, I find that I am much more attracted to good girls that put others before themselves, that meet little eight year old girls and immediately adopt them as their little sister. In my newly formed opinion, good girls make the best out of a devastating situation by finding the best pieces of everywhere they go and not only enjoying the world we live in today, but somehow making it possible to remember the past without it being traumatic. You are a good girl, Haley. And if you fell into my lap, then its not by luck but by pure act of God that youre with me now. So instead of looking at you like a fluke, Im probably going to look at you like a gift. Like you walked into my life, not just as someone who will help my family survive, but as everything Ive ever wanted in a girl- everything Ive wanted for me.

Chapter Three

	I couldnt breathe. Or think. Or even pretend to use that inflated brain in my head. All thoughts had stopped completely for me and I was reeling with all of his revelations. 
	Nelson had somehow managed to turn my oppressive guilt into strength of character. He turned self-doubt into pride. Then he changed the way I looked at us. While I thought about the simple convenience of the two of us making out- because there were no other options- he was looking at us like some fateful, cataclysmic event that was ordained by the cosmos. 
	And that turned my feelings of blah tolerance into something unnamed and incredible. 
	Youve got all the right words, I looked up at him and I could feel how my expression had softened. He had done something to me just now- reached into my soul and pulled out the good girl he saw, the good girl I was convinced didnt exist until he came into my life.
	And youve got all the right thoughts. He leaned down and kissed my temple. And I want to know them. Tell me what youre thinking.
	After a few moments of hesitation where I struggled to come up with any kind of response whatsoever, I finally admitted, I dont know what to think! I thought you were just excited about the possibility of getting laid. But unless this is some kind of sick game you and your brothers play on all the vagrant girls that happen to fall into your camp, Im currently at a loss for words. I paused as if to prove my point, but then launched into another tirade. Nelson, we fight Zombies on a regular basis, a couple weeks ago you were almost forcefully drafted into one mans army of weird, while Reagan and I were sold off to the sexual R&R department. Youre asking me to look at the two of us like were. like were. like were real, like we could possibly be happy in this upside down world we live in. And I cant even process that.
	Yes you can, he argued quickly. You probably already have processed it. I watch you think, Haley. I know its constantly for you. And I know that if youre deflecting, then you just dont like the outcome. So now I have to figure out if its because you dont like the idea of you and me together at all and thats whats freaking you out. Or if youre freaked out for the exact opposite reason- you do like us together.
	I had known the Parker brothers for a total of thirty-four days. Thirty-four. And yet, Nelson knew me better than any one boy ever had. There were all kinds of factors I could take into account over this, like heightened emotions when our lives were being risked daily, or the innate need every living, breathing human being would feel to repopulate the planet until we were the ruling species once again. Or even the fact that we were young, in our prime, without any hint of parental supervision or guidance and left to our own reckless choices, we would always choose to fall head over ass in love and waste away our youth with angst and sex. 
	But. 
	But the truth was Nelson seemed right. Was I his dream girl come to life? That was hard to believe- for real, that seemed crazy. But wasnt he my ideal man? Protective, loyal, caring, focused, smart, funny, good-looking to me, the right combination of possessive and confident. He was everything Id ever imagined a good man to be. So were we the same? Was I less commitment-phobe and more waiting on the right guy to come along? Was I also just looking for a good guy?
	Ugh. Sometimes I really needed my brain to shut off. 
	Whered you go? Nelson asked patiently in maybe the sweetest voice Id ever heard. 
	A million different places, I admitted. 
	Will you come back to this one place? His finger tilted my chin up toward his face and his other hand trailed a gentle line down my spine. 
	Yes, I whispered. 
	Ill go slow, he promised and my mind went silent- the entire jumble of thoughts disappeared immediately so I could listen with perfect attentiveness to all his soul-aching promises and sexy as hell voice. Ill let you catch up at your own pace.
	But? My voice was barely a whisper, more like an echo of a thought I couldnt squash.
	But I want this, Haley. I want you. I want you to trust me with this. With us.
	I nodded, giving him my permission and my heart in one silent gesture.
	His smile was blinding in its brilliance, his eyes so dark and full of emotion they seemed black. He leaned down achingly slow, with so much care and tenderness my body vibrated with anticipation. His soft lips brushed against mine once, then twice and then he pressed his mouth to mine. 
	My eyes closed and my stomach jumped at the impression of his lips against my lips. He moved with a sensitivity I was completely unfamiliar with. Adoration this intense had been lacking from my life for the last two years- or maybe for my entire life. Because I had never been kissed like this before- never with so much reverence, so much perfect devotion.
	Nelson kissed me like we had forever to stand here, like he wasnt stacking our relationship up against every obstacle and odd out there. He kissed me like he was trying to win me, and convince me to pick him. 
	But what he didnt know was with the first contact of our lips I fell into a place devoted only for him, a place I was sure I would never escape.
	Nelson pressed against me with a touch more force and swiped his tongue across my lower lip. I opened my mouth immediately and he took advantage to deepen the kiss. One hand threaded through my hair at the nape of my neck and the other slid under my shirt, holding my hip firmly in his strong grasp. 
	I was tentative at first- embarrassed with how rusty I was. But soon his insistence and passionate delivery clouded my fears and doubts with exquisite oblivion. His mouth was all I could think about, his soft, expert tongue all I could feel. 
	I sighed against his mouth, reveling in the consuming heat of his body against mine and the drugging power of his kisses. He had said a lot of things today, and I would think about them later- especially since I was pretty sure we were now something official- but right now all I wanted were his kisses, all I could comprehend was the way he tasted my mouth and touched my body.
	Gradually his kisses became more insistent, more demanding and more than ever he was sweeping me away in him. 
	His hand slid to my back and pressed me tightly against his body. A groan escaped his chest at the feel of how we fit together, which only seemed to drive up my passion. My arms locked around his neck and I found myself completely lost in him. 
	He left my mouth to explore my jaw line, trailing wet, hungry kisses down my neck, across my collarbone and to the other side of my throat. His grip was tight on my hips now, clutching at me like I was a lifeline, like I was the only thing standing between sanity and extinction. 
	Haley, he moaned into the hollow of my throat. You need to know- more seductive kisses that were dragging me into mindlessness. His tongue slipped over my skin, driving me further to the precipice of something I was certain I wasnt ready for but helpless to stop. He lifted my body so that I was forced to stand on tip toes while he ravaged my soul with his touch and desire. Im going to give you everything. I whimpered a protest that was barely audible. But you have to give me everything in return.
	I opened my mouth to say something about taking this slow, or maybe just not talking while we were kissing, but then his mouth was back on mine and I was lost to the unequivocal feeling of his perfect mouth on mine. My chest and stomach tightened and compressed with the passion he was pouring into me- pure, raw, so authentic I felt tears prick the back of my eyes. 
	I had thought so certainly that he was only interested in me because I was available. 
	But not after this- not after he worshipped me with his mouth, held me so possessively to him with hands that craved always more of my skin. He hadnt lied; he was giving me everything- every single piece of him. And even if it wasnt love yet, it would be soon.
	Neither of us would be able to stop that from happening.
	There was too much in this kiss, in his feelings for either of us to keep love at bay.
	My heart pounded with the idea and matched a rhythm with my surging, heated blood. My mind rebelled against the idea of giving into love so young, so isolated from anything decent or humane. But my body, my blood, my heart and soul seemed ten steps ahead of my brain anyway. For the first time in my life, my mind was forced into quiet submission while I let feelings and hope rule my life.
	Nelson took a step forward, forcing me back, and back again. Finally, the single bed was pressed against the back of my knees and I was falling. I looked up at Nelson and didnt notice the musty comforter or the lumpy mattress at all. All I saw was Nelson; all I could understand was the intent in his eyes, the heat in his expression.
	Delicious tingles ran through my body like electric shocks and I held my breath, just waiting for him to join me on the bed. 
	Haley, you know what I want, his voice was rough sand, so low it was a growl of unfiltered intent. Are you going to give it to me?
	Too afraid to say my answer out loud, I asked, Sex?
	He shook his head, while his lips twitched with amusement. Not that. Then he seemed to think better of his response, Not that yet. 
	It was my turn to shake my head at him. 
	I want you yes, always. But more than your lovely body, I want whats inside of it. I want you, Haley. Are you going to give us a chance? 
	I nodded, feeling heavy pressure against my chest, holding me in place, keeping my gaze trapped in his. 
	Say the words, he demanded. I want to hear them.
	Yes, Im giving us a chance, I whispered. 
	And I can have you? 
	All of me, I promised. 
	He jumped on top of me- but in like a sexy way, like a hunter pouncing on his prey kind of way. His mouth was on mine in a moment and he was drinking me in again, completely altering my entire perspective on life, love and the end of the world. 
	Suddenly living in the Zombie Apocalypse didnt feel like the seventh circle of hell. It felt possible and full of potential. All of a sudden a purpose greater than myself, greater than my survival was growing inside of me, blooming into a mission, rising into a conviction, emerging into a crucial philosophy that I was destined to believe in. This wasnt love- not yet- but it was the greatest, most intense emotion I had ever felt. It beat all of the fear I lived with, the grief that plagued me and the clawing pain of despair. This emotion, whatever it was, trumped even the dullness of depression. 
	This thing with Nelson would save me. 
	And not just from Zombies.
	From the hopelessness of our world and the incessant struggle to survive. Nelson was purpose, comfort and faith all rolled into one life-altering event that would forever define who I was now. 
	His hands were under my shirt again, inching their way up my pebbled skin. My own hands were on his neck, then his face, pulling him to me as close as he would go- desperate to connect us in every way. We were lying next to each other, every limb tangled together. He pushed up on his forearms so that he hovered over me, pressing his body down on to mine with exciting pressure. 
	I kissed a path along the scruff of his jaw, loving how the whiskers scratched my skin, made a tangible mark on my body, proving that I was Nelsons.
	There you guys are, a voice panted from the doorway, effectively breaking us apart. We thought you got eaten by Feeders. We were about to hold a memorial service.
	Harrison. 
	I told you not to go in there! Reagan shouted from somewhere beyond the doorway. 
	You have an iPhone? Harrison walked in to the room completely, ignoring the fact that Nelson was still lying on top of me and murdering him with the stink eye. This music sucks. Do you have any Lil Wayne? He began casually scrolling through my phone.
	Harrison, two seconds to get the hell out of here, Nelson growled. 
	Harrison just waved him off, Think of it like my education. You know, since theres no other way for me to learn about the birds and the bees.
	Oh, my gosh, I groaned. I covered my bright red face with my hands and scrunched my eyes tightly closed. 
	Get, out, Nelson said slowly, dangerously. I will not say it again.
	Listen, nobody wants you guys to seal the deal more than. Ok, probably you want it to happen more than me. Ill give you that. But its like an hour till sunset and youve been summoned back to communal living and a life without privacy. Sorry, big bro, but your family needs you. 
	Nelson looked down at me, his expression full of disappointment and concern. Placing a reverent kiss to my temple he slid off me and crawled to standing. He held his hand out and helped me to my feet.
	Is everything alright? he asked with an entirely different tone and demeanor. 
	Harrison looked up anxiously then forced himself to hold Nelsons gaze- like he was demanding his expression to be strong. Page has a fever. Shes had one ever since we got here and its only getting worse. 
	I sobered quickly at that announcement. Nelson reached out and grabbed my hand, tugging me to equal footing with him.
	Alright, he sighed. You have my attention. Lets go back to the house. 	
	Harrison nodded and led the way out of the room. I grabbed my iPhone and charger, yanking them from the wall before following the boys out. 
	Reagan was waiting in the middle of the barn, looking pale with nerves. Sorry to interrupt you, she tried to smile but it was strained. 
	Its alright, I sighed. We werent doing anything important.
	Nelson shot me a dirty look from over his shoulder and announced, Not true. I had her seconds from falling in love with me before you two crashed our party.
	So cocky, I tsked in a quiet, amused voice. 
	Nelson turned around so he could walk backwards over to his pack while I stopped to pick up mine and the few tools I had collected. Tell me then. Tell me youre not halfway to falling in love with me. 
Im not-
And remember, there are witnesses to your lies, Haley Gable. We will all know and remember your lies, should you choose, for some foolish reason, not to tell the truth.
	Weve known each other for one month and you havent even gotten to second base yet and you honestly want me to just declare, in front of your little brother and my best friend that Im falling in love with you? I gasped at the insanity of it all.
	Thats exactly what I want, he grinned at me.
	Im not little! Harrison protested but we all ignored him.
	And Reagan will know if youre lying, Nelson warned. 
	I thought Reagan would be on my side, I mean, I had always been on hers. We were best friends, sisters in arms, simply girls forced to endure bathing in natural bodies of water and giving up our dream of laser hair removal. 
	Hes right, Hales, Reagan smirked at me. Ill know if youre lying.
	And here I thought you were on my side! I tugged my pack on and we collectively moved toward the barn door with our guns raised, safetys off. 
	Dont worry, she grumbled. Hendrix will give you plenty of opportunity to pay me back for my betrayal. I promise. 
	I snorted a laugh because it was so very true. Then I decided to just go with it. Fine, Nelson, you want to hear that I was seconds from falling in love with you on that bed? Then yes, most definitely if you would have kept kissing me like that, holy smokes, I would have signed over my virginity in blood because I was so in love with you. The problem is we stopped. So. I guess, well just have to see how this plays out now that well never get another moment alone together again. 
	I thought I was being funny. Reagan laughed. Harrison and Nelson were oddly silent- awkwardly so. 
	Finally, when we were just steps from the back door to the farmhouse, Nelson asked, Youre a virgin?
	The blush was back! And not because a very personal fact had been announced and repeated. Oh no, the redness in my face and humiliation washing over me was all because of the excited, awed tone in Nelsons voice. I felt stripped bare by his tone and pushed into an intensely intimate moment by the look on his face. This was so not the place to have this conversation. 
	Can we just go inside? I whisper-pleaded. Weve exposed your brother to enough sex-ed for a lifetime. 
	Before Nelson could respond, Harrison cut in with a, Theres just a few missing parts. Mostly anatomy lessons, nothing huge. And since we dont have any books or movies, if I could just see-
	Stop right there, little pervert, Reagan waved her gun around in the air. Not happening. Not ever. Got that? 
	Harrison grinned from ear to ear and ducked into the house without giving Reagan a reply. 
	She cleared her throat and flashed an apologetic smile my way. Well, I guess that answers that...
	Inside the house, things were quiet and tense. Hendrix paced helplessly in the kitchen while King and Vaughan hovered over Page. She lay on a long, plaid couch in a living room just off the dining room. 
	I ignored Hendrix, even though Reagan didnt, and walked over to check on Page. Her eyes were shut tight and her skin, pale and ashen. The blinds had been opened to let in natural light and a blanket pulled over her tiny body. 
	I could see she was shaking from chills and before I even touched her head I knew her forehead would be burning up. 
	I knelt down next to her, easing in between Vaughan and King. They moved out of my way like I had some kind of authority here, but probably they were just happy to pass the torch. 
	Illness was out of any of our realms of expertise and the smallest sickness could be life-threatening to any of us. Page was worst case scenario for us and I hated the idea of her suffering anything, let alone facing something as scary as death because there were no such things as clinics, doctors on call or antibiotics anymore. 
	It would be almost impossible to even figure out whats wrong with her unless she had an obvious symptom.
	I laid my hand gently on her forehead and she leaned into the touch like it was soothing. Her skin was hotter than Hades, and my entire body sagged with that knowledge. My heart started thrashing in my chest and my relaxed mind was suddenly at work, struggling to find any solution to soothe her pain and suffering. 
	I stroked her hair gently and asked in a whisper, How are you feeling, Pagey? 
	She let out a moan of agony and put a hand to her throat. 
	Is that what hurts? Your throat? I asked gently. A sore throat was both a good thing and a bad thing. Good because it was easy to check and bad because strep throat could be really dangerous if not treated. I knew this, because I had a cousin when I was growing up that didnt get his strep treated with antibiotic and ended up in the hospital for three days because the infection had spread to the rest of his body. 
	She nodded, but barely. She whimpered and leaned into my fingers that were carefully combing lines across her scalp. 
	Will you show me, sweetness? Can you open your mouth so I can see? 
	She whimpered again and shook her head.
	I turned to Vaughan and asked, Have you checked her throat? 
	No, this is the most shes told us. While you guys were out checking the barn, she laid down in here to take another nap. Hendrix and I thought it was weird, but maybe stress related? We havent had a good place to sleep in a while. She woke up about twenty minutes ago crying and thats when we realized she had a fever. Reagan had some Tylenol, so we gave her that. But its been a while now, shouldnt it have kicked in?
	I frowned at that. The Tylenol should have definitely brought down her fever. I found it frustrating that pain meds didnt help. That was our best bet as far as miracle cures went. 
	Damn it.     
	Does she have her tonsils? I turned back to Page, hoping I would get her to open up. But first I needed to make sure I needed to.
	Yep, Vaughan answered. Harrison, King and Page all have their tonsils. 
	Good.
	What do you think it is, Hales? Reagan asked from behind me.
	Nelson put a hand on my shoulder, standing century as I took over as medical professional. I was a little surprised the Parker brothers trusted me with this role. I assumed their protective instincts would keep Page as close to them as possible, but I also knew that helplessness could be crippling. Im sure they loathed the feeling of not being able to do something for their cherished baby sister. 
	Im thinking it might be strep. If her throat hurts and she still has her tonsils, then theres a good chance it is. I just want to look down her throat to make sure. 
	Nelson knelt down next to me and reached for his sisters hand. Holding it in his huge hand, he pressed a tender kiss to her knuckles. Pagey, can you open your mouth wide for Haley? She wants to see why you feel so bad. She wants to make you feel better.
	I pulled out my semi-charged iPhone and turned on the flashlight app. If this wasnt a bright enough light I would ask one of the boys to borrow their flashlights, but this seemed easier and faster. 
	Page finally opened wide enough for me to shine my light down there, but my real break came when she broke out into a yawn. The bright light from my phone illuminated her small mouth and shone light directly onto the white, pustules dotting her enlarged tonsils on either side of her throat. 
	Gross. 
	But at least we had a diagnosis. 
	Does anything else hurt, babe? Reagan asked over my shoulder. Your ears, your head?
	Both, she squeaked out in reply. 
	Alright, baby girl, I whispered while placing a kiss on her burning forehead. Get a little sleep, alright? Were going to make you some ice for that sore throat of yours.
	I stood up and Nelson followed. He turned to King and asked him to stay with Page in case she woke up and wanted something and the rest of us moved into the kitchen. Hopefully Page was out of it enough so that she didnt pick up on how dangerous her sickness could be for her.
	What treats strep? Vaughan asked immediately. His game face was on, tight lips, drawn eyebrows, wide stance and crossed arms. Vaughan was about to go to war and the entire idea was so familiar to me I realized how palpable his fight was. Only instead of fighting off hordes of Zombies, Vaughan was going to fight strep throat until he was the lone victor. Nothing came between him and his family. 
	I cleared my throat, hating to be the bearer of bad news, Penicillin. 
	Ok, we dont have penicillin, Vaughan bit out. What next?
	Amoxicillin, I answered again- just as dismally.
	Haley, if you keep naming things we dont have I will ask you to leave the room, Vaughan growled. 
	I took a step back, hating that he intimidated me so much. But how could he not when his vision tunneled to include only his sister- only a way to fix his sister. And I wasnt sure there was a way.
	Vaughan, I know youre concerned, but you need to change your attitude. I will not tell you again, Nelson warned. Haleys trying to help. Do not piss all over her efforts.
	Vaughans eyes snapped up to glare Nelson down, but Nelson seemed entirely unfazed. He rolled his eyes and put a comforting arm around my waist. 	
	Nelsons touch gave me the courage to say what I needed to say, Strep could go away on its own in a few days. Its definitely not the worst thing she could have right now, even though she is absolutely miserable. That being said, its not the best thing she could have either. If this doesnt go away on its own, then its going to get really bad for her before it gets better. If it gets better. 
	What do you mean, if? Hendrix demanded. He took a step towards me- no idea what he even thought he was doing- but Reagan stepped in his path and lay two hands on his biceps. They had kind of a silent conversation in which she convinced him it was better to just let me explain.
	Well, without antibiotic, strep can clear up on its own- it is possible. Or it can get worse. It can infect the entire body. She could get really, really sick. 
	How do you know so much about this? Harrison asked in a strangled voice. He sounded like it would be better if I didnt know what I was talking about. If I was just guessing, then I could be wrong- his sister might not be in danger at all.
	My cousin had strep when I was little, it went untreated and he ended up in the hospital with a dangerously high fever and severe dehydration. It wasnt life or death but he had the advantage of medical facilities, IVs and doctors. Page has none of those things.
	How old were you? Vaughan asked, his eyes narrowed skeptically. 
	It doesnt matter, I replied evenly. They needed to take me seriously. Page could easily be fine in a few days- or she could not be fine. We needed to prepare for every scenario.
	Vaughan opened his mouth to ask another question when Reagan cut him off, Vaughan, she has an almost perfect photographic memory. If she says Page could be in danger its because Page could be in danger. Haleys not going to bullshit you. I promise. 
	Vaughan stared at me for a few moments as if deciding for himself whether I was making this up or not. Alright, Haley. Worst case scenario, give it to me.
	I took this very seriously, Vaughans trust very seriously. And I was worried about Page; there was nothing scarier to me than that little girl in trouble. 	
	Worst case scenario, she has a high fever that could cause heart problems and even issues in her brain. Most likely this will disappear in a few days. But if not, her symptoms will get dangerous.
	You learned all this from when your cousin had it? Hendrix asked skeptically.
	No, I confirmed. That last part was from health class. 
	Nelson let out a chuckle from behind me that sounded like a whoosh of stress
	Has she been sick since the infection broke out? I asked Vaughan.
	No, shes been perfectly healthy. 
	So what do we do? Reagan asked. She was always like that- ready to act. One of the reasons we were alive was because she didnt sit around and wait for solutions to be handed to her. She solved her own problems. She was first to act, first to jump into the fray. Playing offense instead of defense had saved our lives on more than one occasion.
	We get her temperature down. Keep up with the Tylenol as long as possible. We soothe her sore throat, help her get lots of rest. We search the house for antibiotics. The last owner could easily have left something behind. 
	What about a nearby town? Harrison asked. 
	Vaughan thought about that. Theres not enough daylight left to look today. I dont want to create more problems than we have now. And we dont have enough firepower to engage unnecessarily. We get through the night, and then explore that option again in the morning. 
	Besides, we dont know what a town would be like, Hendrix added. The last few settlements weve been to have been anything but welcoming. 
	We have gold to barter, Reagan offered, shooting me a nervous glance. She was right. We had been basically hoarding gold whenever we could find it. We took a lot of pieces from her mom, and over the past two years wed been stashing it away. We werent like wealthy from it by any means- even in todays non-currency, renegade standards. But we had enough for penicillin if we needed it. Well, as long as the seller was fair- which was highly doubtful. 
	Thank you, Vaughan said sincerely. He held Reagans gaze with this meaningful, intense emotion that caused Hendrixs shoulders to go rigid. Reagan stared back; seemingly unaware of the tension she was creating. She offered a small smile and walked over to give him a hug. 
	I could see how stiff all the boys were, and I didnt blame her for wanting to soothe their worry in some way. Vaughan let her wrap her arms around his middle and placed his hands on her back carefully- almost humbly. He leaned into her and the tightness eased from his body like a sieve.
	Taking her cue, I stepped back into Nelson, reaching behind me and threading my fingers through his. His other hand wrapped around my middle and he held me firmly to him. He rested his chin on my shoulder and I tilted my head into his, offering him as much comfort as I was capable of.
	Even I was surprised by my tenderness. This was not me. 
	Its not like I was a purely selfish creature; but other than Reagan, and my dad when he was alive, I just never had anyone else in my life to put before myself. I didnt try to be selfish, but there was no point to looking out for someone elses needs when they didnt exist. 
	Now all I could think about was Pages discomfort, the threat to her health and the agony Nelson must be in watching his little sister suffer. My heart was crumbling with the weight of my emotions, my stomach stayed tight with unease. This was worse than Zombies and fighting for my own life. This was infinitely worse and more painful.
	King appeared in the kitchen doorway, his eyes wide with panic, Shes worse. Her head is so much hotter.
	All eyes in the room swung to me and. waited. Apparently I was the medical expert here? I just prayed I could help Page. That finally my overactive brain would work overtime until I came up with a solution to save her.

Chapter Four

	I ignored the demanding stares from the Parker brothers and walked into the living room to check on Page. This house was decorated in a simple country style- lots of blue plaid, roosters, pig ceramics. And Page lay in the middle of a sea of pastel lines, tucked in with a homemade afghan. 
She looked tiny curled up on the long couch. She was on her side, her knees tucked into her chest. She was shivering but so pale, my heart ached. Her long, blonde hair was a tangled mess around her angelic face. She let out a pathetic whimper and I rushed the rest of the way to her side. 
King, I commanded. Go see if theres ice in the freezer. If there isnt, check for something to freeze water and fill it with some of our bottled water. When you come back, please bring a wet washcloth with you. Get Reagan to help you. He left immediately, pushing through his brothers that were all crowded around us. Reagan followed him without needing anymore direction.
I let my fingers brush across Pages forehead and sure enough it was hotter than before. She was burning up. I felt under her chin, searching for swelling. I didnt really know what I was doing, but Id seen it done before and had it done to me. Her throat felt very swollen, but to be sure I tested my own throat, directly against where my jaw met my throat and felt hers again. 
They had to be swollen; her tonsils felt four times the size they should be. 
The natural light in the living room was waning. It would be dark soon and we were more or less stuck in this house. We needed to prepare for the long night ahead. And I didnt just mean Pages illness.
This wasnt exactly the safest haven from Zombies. 
There is nothing you guys can do for her right now, except make her safe. I was mostly a fun person. Even in the middle of the end of the world, I could recognize the need for humor. This was not one of those times where an inappropriate joke would relieve tension. And if they didnt get their asses in gear they were about to meet my raging bitch persona- it was a little bit of no sleep, mixed in with fantastic sales but nothing in my size, topped off with a healthy dose of PMS meets I-just-stubbed-my-freaking-toe. They should be cowering in fear.
Youre right, Vaughan agreed. Whether he actually did agree with me or because he saw the malicious glint in my steely green eyes, I didnt know; but finally he got moving. Hendrix and Harrison, walk around the house- scout it out as best as you can. Nelson, go figure out something for dinner. And Ill check the inside of the house, make sure everythings locked and sealed as best as possible. Its nice to have electricity, but in about a half hour, were shutting everything down. These arent blackout drapes and I am not going to risk drawing attention to us.
Look for some antibiotic while youre at it, Vaughan, I reminded him. Since I could tell this house had been occupied for quite a while after the infection I knew the chances of finding medicine here were slim, but it was worth a shot. 
Everyone jolted into action. Nelson put a comforting hand on my shoulder and squeezed gently, and then he was gone. My attention was wholly on Page and how I could help ease her discomfort. 
I stroked her forehead, lifting her hair off her face and neck. She leaned into my comfort, but seemed entirely out of it. Her skin was so hot to the touch my stomach roiled with nausea. Her eyes were too heavy with sleep; she was completely out of it.
King returned with a few pieces of ice, but when I tried to get her to suck on them, she just rolled over and gave me her back. I made King return them to the freezer- we couldnt waste them, even though he was making more ice even now. 
This house was not safe on a few different levels, and even more so now that we couldnt just pile in the van and escape. But the solar paneled electricity was incredibly convenient and might turn out to be the difference between Page getting better and Page getting sicker- an example would be the working freezer. 
When Harrison and Hendrix returned from their perimeter sweep and Vaughan walked back into the living room empty handed from his medicine search, we ate a silent dinner around Page. Nelson was able to heat up baked beans, which seemed like an extravagance since wed been eating room temperature food since Garys. We dipped crackers in our beans and ate it like stew. For dessert, he also heated up applesauce he found in the pantry and sprinkled cinnamon on it from the spice cabinet. We ate junk food a lot these days- mostly because it seemed to keep the best. Warm applesauce tasted deliciously healthy compared to beef jerky and candy bars. I allowed myself to relish the meal, even while we kept our rigid vigil on the floor at Pages feet.
Ill keep watch first, Hendrix declared to Vaughan while Nelson collected everyones trash. You need sleep. 
Vaughan nodded and ran two rough hands down his scruffy face. I do.
Reagan youre with me, first watch, he commanded next. Reagan gave him her mildly outraged look- the one he got whenever he ordered her around. But before she could say anything, he said in a low voice, This is one of those times I need you more than you need to be independent.
She rolled her eyes but I watched her face soften. I could give Hendrix that; he knew exactly how to get my girl tangled up in him. At first I just wanted him to back off- I was sure she was getting ready to bolt the more intense his pursuit became. But somehow he got through to her, made her want to stick around and put up with his caveman tactics. 
Part of me wondered what their dad was like before the infection. None of them were very gentle about going after a girl- they just kind of barreled through the whole getting-to-know-you-game and went straight to Do you take this woman? They were too intense for their parents to have been laid back. But then again with their father ex-military, maybe this was some strategy he taught them. Instead of courting or wooing, they looked at dating with tactical analysis, deciding which strategies worked best and how to achieve love with the most efficiency.
I wanted to scoff at that, but then again, here I was. Nelson somehow convinced me to give this whole thing a try. So clearly they were on to something.
Harrison and King scattered off to bed- anxious to get away from their more-than-usual stressed out older brothers. Vaughan shot Nelson and me a look that was part confused, part shocked disbelief and disappeared down the hallway. 
I actually worried about Vaughan, although I would never say that out loud. He was a really strong, capable leader, but he carried a lot of weight on his shoulders. And while I knew Hendrix liked to think he carried equal parts, I could see how much more Vaughan felt his responsibility than Hendrix. 
I was pretty sure Hendrix was the front runner for Reagans heart, but only because Hendrix allowed himself more time to devote to convincing her she needed him. In a scenario before Zombies, Hendrix would have never stood a chance against his older, more laid back, more fun-loving brother. At one time Reagan was nothing but fun and games and Hendrix would have driven her crazy.
Obviously, the last two years had changed her and not necessarily for the worse. She was strong and independent now, focused and alert. Hendrix was definitely right for her in this particular scenario, but Vaughan would have stood more of a chance if he didnt have so many obligations on his plate. 
I thought all that, but then Reagans eyes followed Vaughan down the hallway and her eyebrows creased together with concern and. something more. So maybe Vaughan wasnt out of the running just yet.
Nelson disappeared for a while and I was left to sit with Page alone. I had my watch and the time for her next dose of Tylenol to keep me company. As the house grew darker, I scooted closer to the couch, reaching out for Pages limp hand. 
My heart was in literal pain for this little girl and I sat there until everything was pitch black around me, working through every memory I had of health care and illnesses. My mind screamed for antibiotics, but there was nothing I could do about that- at least for tonight. I wanted her to wake up and drink some fluids, soothe her aching throat with water or ice. What I really wanted was orange Jell-O and 7up, which was what I got whenever I had strep throat. But those were impossible demands. 
Probably more so than penicillin. 
My eyes eventually adjusted to the darkness. I could make out the forms of all the furniture surrounding me, and Hendrix and Reagans bodies as they sat huddled together in the kitchen. They stared out the back door, guns nearby, voices low and whispery.
I must have dozed off after I coaxed Page into taking her second dose of Tylenol, because the next thing I knew strong arms were pulling me on my side and my head was resting in a lap. I blinked against the sleepiness and looked up into Nelsons shadowed face.
Hey, he whispered, cupping my jaw with his huge hand. I didnt mean to wake you.
I didnt mean to fall asleep, I admitted with a yawn.
Its alright, Nelson leaned forward and kissed my temple before continuing, You can sleep if you want to. Ill keep you safe.
Ignoring the way his words took root in my heart and bloomed into something bigger and more exciting in my chest, I reached up and ran my fingers along the rough line of his jaw. He hadnt trimmed his beard in a while- not that there had been any opportunity- and he was totally working the haggard man look. He was so undeniably handsome I could hardly stand it. 
I had never been the kind of girl that suffered from low self-esteem. Honestly, I didnt have time for it. Mostly I was just trying to occupy my brain to keep from sliding into insanity. But Nelson was the kind of guy that made me think, Why me? Why would he pick me? 
And I did feel picked- chosen. He seemed to want me in a way and with feelings I never in a million years thought I would witness or experience. 
With his focused pursuit of me, I never stood a chance. Of course I would fall for him; of course I would give in. He was Nelson; he was everything I wanted in a man, even before things went bad. And while I was sure wed have problems ahead, and he wouldnt always seem so perfect, I knew he would never let those times dominate our relationship. Even when everything else looked bleak and miserable, he would never let that get in the way of our happiness. 
Was I in this forever? Like was this my happily ever after?
It was obviously impossible to say at this point. But it was a nice happily-right-now.
Nelson leaned down and brushed his lips over mine. And then again. My fingers found 
themselves tangled in his hair, pulling on his neck to get closer to his delicious mouth. He resisted just enough to drive me crazy with a blinding hunger Id never experienced. 
	Tell me you like me, he demanded, letting me tug him down just so he could kiss the tip of my nose.
	I like you, I whispered with half effort.
	Tell me you want me to kiss you for the rest of the night, he murmured and then allowed me one gentle kiss against his perfect lips.
	I want you to kiss me for the rest of the night. This time there was no playing games, no teasing, I really did want him to kiss me until morning, maybe until the end of time. 
	I really wish we were back in that barn, he groaned. 
	Me too, I agreed. 
	We kissed for long moments, and eventually he pulled me into his lap so that I straddled his waist and cupped his neck with both of my hands. I tried to slow down his kisses as they grew more demanding and hungry. His sick sister was directly behind us and his brother and my best friend were probably watching us- perverts. 
	But he wasnt having it. And I was having a hard time finding the will to stop him when he was devouring every rational thought with his mouth and talented tongue. 
	Finally he took a deep breath and pressed his mouth to my neck, letting his lips feel my pounding pulse against them. 
	Haley, youre a virgin, he whispered like this was some kind of revelation.
	Yep, I agreed- feeling irrationally embarrassed. 
	We need to keep it that way for a while, he was panting and undone by our hot and heavy make out session.
	Yeah, you really seem like youre all into practicing abstinence, I drawled and giggled before I could stop myself. 
	Dont try to sweet talk me, he whined in a gruff voice. I cant take that away from you. At least not yet. 
	So. what? Even if Im in a relationship during a Zombie infestation, I still have to die a virgin? I looked down at him upset over the whole idea. That does not seem fair, Nelson. This better not be your attempt to save my life. This isnt a horror movie, this is our reality, the same rules dont apply.
	He looked up at me and squeezed my hips in his hands, This is my attempt to save us- not just you. Im probably going to make sure youre in love with me before I take that from you. 
	I snorted at his audacity and lowered myself on his lap just a little bit more- just enough to drive him crazy. You think youll be able to manage that? Im too smart to fall in love with just anybody. 
	I know that, he agreed, looking up at me with so much tenderness and affection suddenly I was convinced I was already in love with him. So no, Im not sure if I can manage that, but I am going to try. 
	You must have some strong will-power if you can wait that long, I teased. 
	It doesnt have anything to do with will-power, he promised with so much conviction I tensed, waiting for what was to come. It has everything to do with wanting something more than sex. 
	My love? I whispered hardly able to voice the question. 
	Your love, he confirmed.
	And then Page flopped over and puked next to us on the floor. 
	Nelson and I scrambled away so we werent hit with the splatter- not that there was much in her stomach after a full day of not eating. I crawled back over to her and rubbed her back while Nelson darted after a bowl or trash can.
	Her poor, little body continued to heave and convulse as her angry stomach tried to empty itself of every last drop of food or liquid. 
	Her fevers too high, I announced when Hendrix and Reagan rushed into the room. We have to lower her temperature. 
	Finally, she settled down and rolled onto her back. One of her arms draped over her eyes as if even the darkness of night was too bright for her. Tears streamed from both eyes and her breathing was fast and ragged. 
	I cleaned her up with a cool, bottled-water-made wet wash cloth and pulled her hair into a bun on top of her head, so we wouldnt have to worry about it if there was another episode like that. Then I pulled the blanket off her and her socks, jeans and long sleeved shirt. She shivered in a t-shirt and underwear but I didnt know what else to do.
	The expired Tylenol was not working and keeping her bundled up was only intensifying the fever. She had too cool down or she would continue to puke and whatever little good the medicine was doing, was worth it.
	Go wrap some ice in a washcloth and bring it back to me, I ordered Hendrix who loomed over me like a predator getting ready to pounce on his prey. He turned around without another word and stalked off to the kitchen.
	I wish we could give her a cool bath, Reagan sighed. She sunk down to her knees and picked up Pages hand in her own. We need to do something. 
	When Page whipped over again, we had the bucket ready this time- although not much came out. Her stomach convulsed painfully, and tears streamed from her eyes, but still her body did not give up the effort to empty itself.
	There were many terrible things about her puking, but the noise level was definitely on the top of the list. But it wasnt like you could exactly tell someone to vomit quietly. And she wasnt really in a state of mind where she would be able to listen anyway.
	The rest of the brothers stumbled to the living room, clicking magazines into place and shoving their feet into pants and shoes. They were prepared to go to war, prepared to do whatever it took to save their little sister. 
	By the third round of vomiting, every Parker brother was armed with as many weapons as we had and standing guard at a window or door. Reagan and I played nurse over Pages exhausted, fever-stricken body and prayed for the best. 
	Currently, her head was resting in my lap and her feet were sprawled across Reagan. She was sleeping- for now- and I was counting down the minutes until morning. 
	Zombies were still perfectly capable of attacking us with the light of day, but somehow the daylight made things feel possible. I held onto the hope that if Page could make it through the night, things would get easier. 
	A scuffling of feet and a door opening and closing had me sitting at full alert. I was careful with Pages lolling head, but I was desperate to know what was going on. 
	I heard Hendrix whisper shout, Nelson! and my entire body felt doused in ice water. 
	Fear like I had never known before prickled painfully against my skin and my heartbeat kicked into overdrive. 
	Reagan reached out and took my hand, squeezing it in hers tightly.
	The door opened again and I heard Vaughan and Hendrix take off after their idiot brother. I couldnt believe I was falling for someone that ran out into the middle of the night probably on a suicide mission! I was stupid to give my heart away when it could so easily be destroyed, right along with Nelson. 
	I waited, stressed and unmoving, for Nelson to return or something to give away what was happening outside- a shout, a gunshot, the unholy keening of Zombies on the attack. But there was nothing but silence and stillness. 
	My stomach was riotous with nerves and my brain ticked completely out of control. I couldnt see anything sitting in the damn dark, so my brain just started going through a list of all the horrible things that could happen to Nelson or his brothers at a million miles a minute. 
	I went through about every, single scenario possible- all ending with Nelson dying a gruesome, painful death, until I finally settled on the fact that he was going to get bitten by a Zombie, but eventually fight his way free. Hed walk into the house expecting a heros welcome at which point I was going to have to shoot him. He was infected, I didnt have a choice. 
	And I would never recover from that. How could I? 
	Not when he was right, not when I was more than halfway to falling in love with him. And he had somehow managed to get me to admit that on the same night he was going to die!
	The bastard.
	But then the door opened again and the sound of struggling and scuffling filled the house. Page moaned in my lap and I forced myself to stay still, to keep her steady and as comfortable as she could be. 
	Finally figures stumbled into the living room, three tall ones and one that was not tall. It was hard to make out what the three Parker brothers were carrying, but whatever it was did not seem happy. 
	Finally, the clicking of a bullet being loaded into the chamber could be heard over everything else and the lumpy, wriggling thing went still- so not a Zombie. A flashlight turned on and Harrison came in with a camping lantern on low filter. Hendrix and Vaughan lowered what now could be described as a body to the ground while Nelson kept his gun trained expertly on the head region. 
	Hendrix flicked up his flashlight to the boys face and Reagan and I let out mutual gasps of surprise. 
	Let me go, the young boy growled. His hands were shaking fists at his side, his face filthy and covered in dirt and grime. It was impossible to tell what color hair he had or even exactly what ethnicity he was. He had a thick southern drawl; I could tell that even from the few words he spoke. So obviously he was from around here; but there were a million more questions to be answered.
	Not a chance, Hendrix replied. His voice was smooth steel, cutting but solid. What were you doing sneaking around out there?
	Thats none of your concern. But it had nothing to do with you. Now if youll kindly let me go, Ill just be on my way and we can pretend we aint never met.
	I pressed my lips together at his spunk, but when he lunged forward and kicked Vaughan in the shin, my amusement quickly faded. Vaughan let out a string of curse words and raised his own gun, locking and loading it with one swift move of his finger.
	You might not understand this little boy, Hendrix walked forward until he loomed over the kid- clearly not afraid of a kick in the shins. But you are in serious danger. Obviously, if youre running around at night, you might be a bit delusional. But hear me. I am infinitely more dangerous than any Feeder you will find out there. It is better to answer my questions than ignite my anger. Are you capable of understanding that? 
	Listen here you sumabitch, I got things to do and you are keepin me from my task. I wasnt after you or your people. I just need to grab somethin out of the barn and Ill be on my merry way. 
	Before anyone could respond, Page went through her fourth round of dry-heaving. Everything stopped so Reagan and I could tend to her needs. There wasnt any point in trying to talk over her anyway, but I hated that this boy was witness to our weakness. I understood the necessity to pull him inside, out of the open and vulnerable spaces outside, but now it felt like he knew one of our most private secrets. 
	Whats wrong with that one? he asked with a lift of his defiant chin. She sick?
	Youre pretty smart, arent you, Vaughan bit out sarcastically. 
	She need medicine? the boy pressed, his voice dropping low to a dangerous octave.
	He couldnt be more than eleven or twelve, but this little boy was wise way beyond his years. I recognized the hardness and experience lighting his expression. This boy was a survivor. And we were about to witness his survival techniques. 
	Most sick people do, Nelson answered slowly. 
	I know where theres medicine, he declared confidently. I know where theres lots and lots of medicine. I just seen it the other day. 
	Really? Harrison scoffed unbelieving. Youre just like this little kid that creeps around in the dark, stealing things from barns and taking them back to his secret hide out where theres medicine and food and pillows?
	Pillows? Harrison must be really tired tonight. 
	Yeah, Im that kid, he argued. He stood up straight, not seeming to be afraid of the guns pointed at him at all. But I wasnt stealin nothin. I came back for whats mine. This aint your house. You cant judge me for doing something wrong when you dont live here. When youve stolen more than I ever have.
	He had a point. But that got me to thinking, Is this your house? 
	Was my house, he clarified adamantly. But yall can have it. Good luck with it. Theres a storage room full of food and stuff downstairs beyond the washer and dryer. Help yourselves to whatever you like- just as long as you let me go. 
	No, Hendrix growled. We are not letting you go. Even if we thought we could trust you, we cant in good conscience let you go running around out there in the pitch dark. Youre going to get yourself killed, or worse.
	Aw thanks superman, the kid snarled back. But I know yall aint goin to shoot me. You got that do-gooder look on your faces. The kind that thinks you can save the whole freakin world. So heres the deal, if you really want to do good then youll let me go. I got things I need to get back to and youre holding me up! 
	Whats your name? I asked calmly from the couch. Page had turned into me and I couldnt force her off my lap, even though I knew how bad my body heat was for her fever. 
	He lifted his stubborn chin even higher and spit out, Miller. 
	Is that your first name or your last name? Vaughan asked gruffly.
	Dont matter, Miller countered. Its the only name I got and its the only name youre gonna get. Now let me go.
	No, Nelson growled. 
	Fine, then lets make a trade, he offered quickly. You let me go and Ill come back with medicine for your sick child. I wasnt lying about that. I know exactly where some is.
	You dont even know what kind of medicine she needs, Hendrix argued. 
	Penicillin. Everybody needs penicillin. They give it out all the time, Miller huffed.
	Whos they? I asked, carefully.
	Listen, he answered instead. This house aint safe. And yall ain't safe stayin here. They, he gestured to the three of us girls sitting on the couch, are especially not safe. So if you know whats best for you, youll pack up now and be on your way. And Ill be on mine. Or theyre gonna find you and take you. Then youll be as bad off as my sister. 
	Your sister? I jumped on the word, realizing his insistence was tied to something extremely important. 
	He groaned and put his head in his hands. Yes, my sister! Now let me go, damnit. It took me six months to get out of there and I only got one shot to go back for her. Time is ticking! 
	Silence ensued for several charged minutes.
	Finally, Vaughan asked, Whos they? A settlement?
	No, he shook his head. A militia camp. Theyre building an army. They think they got this political machine thats gonna restore balance to the great United States of America.
	Those are pretty big words for you, Hendrix scoffed.
	Yeah, well Ive been forced to listen to their preaching now for a while. As stupid as it is, the phrases kinda get stuck in your head. I dont believe it, but I cant forget it either.
	They have medicine there? Hendrix pressed. 
	Lots of it, Miller confirmed. 
	And they have your sister? 
	And my mom, he whispered in a pained croak. 
	Does your mom want to leave?
	Miller didnt respond verbally, just shook his head with the first sign of vulnerability I had seen from him. 
	You and me are going to make a deal, Hendrix announced firmly. You take me to that medicine and I will help you get your sister. 
	No, Miller shook his head adamantly. No way. Youre too big and too Yankee. Youll just slow me down and I aint got time for this.
	Fine, then youll stay here until morning at which time we will return you to your mother. Shes staying with the militia right? I bet theyre wondering where you are right now.
	They dont know Ive gone missing. You think Im stupid? Miller was angry now, panic flashed in his eyes under the low light of the lantern.
	Maybe not yet, but I bet they will by morning, Hendrix argued. 
	Panic turned to frustration and Miller snarled, Fine. But I swear to god, if you give away my cover or leave my sister behind I will kill you myself. 
	Fair enough, Hendrix agreed. 
	Reagan couldnt stay quiet anymore. Youre not seriously considering following him back to a militia camp? We dont even know this kid! He could be leading you into a trap!
	Hendrix spun around, took three steps toward the couch and sunk down to his knees. He cupped Reagans face in his calloused hands and held her attention. You know I have to do this. And you know Ill come back. He held her gaze while words seemed to fail her. Im not letting you out of this, Reagan, so give up that idea right now. Finally she nodded into his palm and he placed an intimate kiss on her forehead. 
	I looked away from their private moment and my eyes immediately fell on Nelson. He met my stare and understanding flashed between us. Vaughan would stay- Harrison and King needed Vaughan to stay. I shook my head slowly, demanding that he stay too.
	Ill be right back, Haley, he promised from a few feet way. I made promises to you that I intend to keep. 
	Cant keep them if youre dead, I insisted. 
	Nelson walked over to me, a gun in each hand. Dont. His gaze locked onto mine and he held me there with severe passion. Dont doubt me, dont doubt whats between us and dont ever doubt what I will do to return to you. 
	Uh, if yall are finished with your weird goodbyes, we got to go before the sun comes up. So that means now, Casanovas. Vamanos! Miller was bouncing up and down, anxious to be on his way.
	Hendrix turned to Vaughan, If were not here by morning.
	Contingency plan, Vaughan replied without missing a beat. The very words sent shivers of dread trickling from my fingertips to toes.
	With one more intentional look, Nelson followed Hendrix and Miller out the back door. 
	Reagan reached for my hand and held it tightly in hers. 
	I felt out of my mind- not like in the crazy way, but in the out of body experience way. This was confusing and heart-stopping and my mind couldnt catch up to Nelson walking out that door- no matter how intelligent it was supposed to be. 
	Theyll be right back, Reagan whisper-promised.
	Theyll be right back, I echoed in dazed voice.
	Page moved on my lap, drawing my attention from the door to her adorable face. She was sleeping again, exhausted from her sickness. She was such a beautiful child- even in sickness. Milky skin, gorgeous blonde hair, big, beautiful blue eyes with impossibly long, dark lashes. She was all that was still good in this world, all that was still pure and innocent. 
	Nelson did the right thing. Whether I liked it or not, if there was a chance to get Page some medicine, he should have taken it. He did the right thing.
	And he would do the right thing by coming back to us.
	That much I knew. 
	He loved his little sister more than his own life- which was why he left in the first place. And he cared about me, in staggering degrees. He would come back to save Page.
	And he would come back to finish what he started with me.
	I had to believe that.
	Because while every other part of my life was filled and surrounded and suffocating in death, disease and decay, Nelson had given me something more to feel, something more to experience. Hed replaced my despair with hope, my misery with something to anticipate.
	And hed exchanged my emptiness with love. 
	He would come back to me. I just had to make it till morning.

Episode Five

Chapter One
682 Days after initial infection

	Contingency plan my ass.
	I stood up from the floor below the couch and stretched. I hadnt actually been asleep, not even for a minute. The night had been long and difficult and I was antsy.
	To put it mildly.
	More accurately, you could say I was dangerously blood thirsty and someone was going to die this morning. Possibly a Feeder. Possibly a stranger. Possibly Hendrix for leaving me behind. What happened to the whole, Stay by me, Reagan? I need you next to me. Blah, blah, blah
	He was a dirty, filthy liar.
	And I was painfully worried about him.
	Haley was curled up on the couch next to Page, who still looked very, very sick. I felt my heart crack at the sight of her like a crumbling fission right down the center splitting it in half. 
	This family.
	Pages sickness. Hendrix and Nelson disappearing into the dark, unknown of the night. 
	How dare they. 
	They made me care for them, made me fall in love with them, and then shook my foundation of comfort and security. 
	It was a total douchebag mood.
	And I was about to rectify this great injustice to my life.
	Where are you going? Haley mumbled; her voice was thick with sleep and confusion.
	To save your boyfriend, I whispered. My voice was dry and serious, working hard to keep the hundreds of fears and concerns clawing my chest at bay.
	Hes not my boyfriend. She shut her eyes tight, waiting for my contradiction. 
	Okay, I shrugged. Her eyes popped open and narrowed on me. Hes way worse than a boyfriend. I allowed a small smile to twist my game-face. I had a pretty bad ass game face. 
	Shut up, she groaned.
	Well? I laughed. You let me know how breaking up with him is going to work out for you. 
	Is that why you havent picked?
	Her question caught me off guard- way off guard. I replied defensively, I didnt realize I had to.
	If you dont pick soon, someones going to get hurt, really hurt. She pushed up to sitting, shoving her long blonde hair behind her ears. Dont make this into something we cant come back from.
	It doesnt-
	It will affect all of us, Reags. Everyone. 
	I released a breath of air that sounded more like an animalistic growl than anything human. Youre too smart for your own good.
	Ive been told this often, she laughed at me. Now go save my boyfriend so I dont have to live out the remaining days of my life as a virgin. 
	It was my turn to laugh, Told you he was more. 
	Youre pretty smart too, Babe, Haley grinned at me.
	Lets hope so. Smart enough to get us out of this mess.
	Youre not going by yourself are you? Panic and fear flashed behind her clear green eyes.
	Nope, I shook my head, whipping loose strands of my messy hair around my face. Long hair sucked during the Apocalypse. Im taking the losing half of the love triangle.
	Be gentle with him, she warned in a small voice.
	I think I lost those instincts when I popped Chriss head off, I whispered back, feeling sick all over again for that travesty. 
	Haley let out a burst of inappropriate laughter. Possibly. 
	Probably. Love you, Hales. 
	Love you too, Sister. 
	Then I left her to tend to Page while I searched out Vaughan. 
	He was outside on the back deck watching the hazy sunrise on the horizon; just the barest tendrils of light snaked out into the still dark sky. His arms were crossed and his stance wide. He was coiled so tightly I was afraid hed snap, like a rubber band pulled too tight.
	Hey. I approached calmly, carefully. 
	He glanced at me over his shoulder and turned his gaze back to the sunrise. Hey.
	I moved to stand next to him and mimicked his pose. So, I dont know what Hendrix exactly meant by contingency plan but-
	It means we go and get them. 
	I relaxed just the tiniest bit. Part of me was terrified of a plan that required that we leave them behind if the situation got too dangerous for the family as a whole. No matter what Vaughan and Hendrix decided, I was still planning on saving Hendrixs sorry ass, but it was also nice to know I wouldnt be going alone.
	Before I could voice my relief, Vaughan continued, We dont leave each other behind, not anymore. I did that once before, Reagan, and I will not do it again. I will never leave one of us behind again. He turned to face me and the cold determination in his expression made my heart stutter. He was so. good at this leading thing. I hated that he felt so much guilt for his mom and dad, but he saved everyone else. I wanted him to see that; I wanted him to know he hadnt failed and that he had succeeded. 
	Vaughan, your parents-
	Reagan, you can give me the hero speech later, right now we need to save my brothers, 
	I nodded, because, well, what else could I do?
	Youre up for this? He clarified with a force behind his voice that twisted my heart inside my chest.
	Yes. 
	Im not Hendrix, he explained slowly. Im taking you because youre my best option to save my family, not because I need to know where you are at all times. I trust you to be able to handle yourself.
	I dont want you to be Hendrix, I snapped. And I can handle myself.
	Then lock and load, little girl. You and I are the cavalry.
	He turned around and walked inside. The screen door slammed shut behind him with an alarming finality. 
	Everyone knew Vaughan was the leader. While Hendrix also led, he did not carry the responsibility of this family like Vaughan did. The difference between them was subtle, but obvious. Hendrix would always be the one risking his life to save the family, the first into the fray. And Vaughan would always be the one that saved Hendrix, that ensured the family stayed whole. They were both fighting for their family. They just had different ways of doing it.
	I followed Vaughan inside and set about loading what guns I had left and finding places for them on my body. I had a small, canvas pull-strap backpack that I kept rolled up inside my larger one. I pulled that out and added a bottle of water, two energy bars and a flashlight on top of the three handguns and various bullets I thought I needed. I tucked a hunting knife into my tall socks and secured it around my ankle with the strap tied to its sheath, even though it was uncomfortable and a little awkward; it stayed and it could possibly mean the difference between life and death for me. I slipped a pocket knife into the side pocket of my cargo pants and borrowed a gun from Hendrix and a gun from Nelson to carry in my hands.
	I was like the female version of Rambo.
	Bad. Ass.
	Well, truthfully, doubts and fear plagued my every thought. If I were honest, if I allowed myself to actually feel the cyclone of emotions uprooting my insides, then I would feel how terrifying this unknown enemy was, how anxious and sick with worry for Hendrix and Nelson I felt, and how afraid of my own life I could cowardly acknowledge. 
	But for the sake of everyone involved I forced myself to push every last one of those thoughts into an air-tight, locked box somewhere in the middle of my chest and ignore it. Fear would get me nowhere successfully, and doubts would only cloud my decisions and actions. For Hendrix I would be strong; for the Parker family I would pretend to be everything I wasnt.
	I met Haleys firm gaze as Vaughan laid out instructions for them to hide in the hidden pantry Miller had talked about last night. Vaughan had since been down to inspect it and there was in fact plenty of canned and dry food. It was also hidden behind a secret panel that might keep them safe should they be attacked while we were gone.
	What was left unanswered was attacked by what? Human or Zombie? 
	When final instructions were given, Vaughan turned to me and lifted his eyebrows. Are you sure you want to do this? I dont mind going alone.
	But then tomorrow morning Ill just have to come after you, too, I sighed as if annoyed. It seems more efficient if I just go now and save you all at once. 
	Ha! Harrison laughed, surprised by my quip. Amazing that we survived at all without these two. 
	Hes right, Haley drawled. Pages head was resting in her lap and she was running her fingers through the sick little girls tangled, long blond curls. It is, in fact, amazing.
	Come on, Wonder Woman, lets go save the day, Vaughan walked by me and inclined his head toward the door. 
	I gave a small wave to Haley and grinned at Harrison and King before I followed after. I was thinking more like the female version of Rambo. 
	Vaughan snorted and shook his head. Okay, so maybe I didnt look as bad ass as I felt.
He bounded down the deck stairs and stopped in front of the minivan. Turning around he looked me over carefully.
	I have no idea where were going, he admitted on a shrug. That kid Miller said the camp was southeast of here. When I looked over the map, there was once a little town not far from here.
	So thats where you think they are? 
	He shrugged, but his shoulders were tense. Yes. 
	Are we driving or walking? 
	Walking. He started out with determination. I hurried to catch up with him. We have a better chance of running into them if we follow somewhat of the same path. Vaughan pointed a finger at a slew of footprints in soft mud and I was beginning to understand that he was tracking them. We also wont cause a scene by driving up to a settlement.
	The minivan sounded like Sasquatch singing Ninety-Nine Bottles of beer on the wall after drinking ninety-nine bottles of beer. Not pretty. Obviously we couldnt drive it anywhere and remain discreet. 
	We set out toward the back of the property. We passed the outbuildings that were spread out on all the land that stretched between the house and the beginning of the fields. We skirted around the fields that were cropless and barren from the last winter. 
	The sun was just barely gracing the day, low over the horizon and pale with morning light. The sky was gray with clouds and the air cold and breezy. We were still in early spring, and while I was convinced the landscape would never look fresh and green again, green grass was poking through the mud packed ground and leafless trees were budding but barely. The new life seemed so out of place when we were faced with ugly death every single day. 
	Winter had been miserable for Haley and I. But we were used to the ice cold temperatures and full feet of snow. We had managed to survive, mostly because we liked to cuddle and Zombies were slower with their feet entrenched in snow. They were resilient to a lot of things, but they froze just like the rest of us if left out in the elements. 
	Unfortunately, they were as resourceful when it came to survival as humans were, if not more so in some cases. 
	Finally, we made it to spring. The weather was usually cool, but not miserably so. It was always jeans and long-sleeved t-shirt weather, which was kind of perfect since it was better to keep as much skin covered as possible. We werent freezing every night, we werent perpetually wet because of all the snow and it wasnt hot enough yet that the decaying world around us created the disgusting stench of rotting bodies that intermingled with the already pungent smell of Feeders.
	Vaughan, do you have a plan? I asked in a small voice. I hated breaking the silence between us; but it was both comfortable and necessary. I needed to know, mainly, so I didnt f- it up if he did.
	I have a goal, he replied firmly. Reagan, I will do anything to get my brothers back. You need to know that.
	I do, I whispered with conviction. 
	There were a few more minutes of silence between us before he explained, I just dont know what were getting into. Looking back, I should have pressed that kid for more information. But I never thought it would come to this. My brothers know how to handle themselves.
	He sounded so edgy and concerned that my stomach twisted with nerves. This was Vaughan- always-in-control-of-the-situation-Vaughan. He didnt let things bother him; he adjusted and adapted. He saw every scenario from every angle and knew exactly what to do to keep us all safe. If he was nervous about Hendrix and Nelson, things did not look good for them.
	Youre worried about them? I guessed.
	Im worried about what were going to find. If someone or something has managed to detain my brothers, its formidable.
	Yeesh, I complained. Way to reassure a girl. 
	He flashed me a devilish grin, Oh, sorry. I didnt realize youre the kind of girl that needs to be reassured.
	Maybe I am, I shrugged, but my tone was teasing. Maybe Im very insecure and need you to promise me everything will be alright.
	He laughed out loud and nudged me with his shoulder. Im thinking youre more like the kind of girl that makes everything alright, even if its not.
	There goes all my mystery, I sighed. I guess you have me all figured out.
	Hardly, he grunted. I opened my mouth to spout something witty or flirty or. something, but he beat me to it with a, Youre really worried about Hendrix, arent you?
	And Nelson, I admitted. I dont like that theyve been gone the entire night. And I dont like that we let them leave anyway.
	I dont either, he said in a low voice.
	We came to a wooded area that seemed to stretch on for a while. Light didnt penetrate the thick canopy of branches above and the entire atmosphere seemed gloomy.
	Okay, gloomy was the wrong word. These woods seemed f-ing haunted and I was a teensy bit reluctant to enter them. 
	Nope, I shook my head. This is the fastest way to die.
	Tracks, Vaughan pointed down at the ground where the same set of footprints had reappeared near the edge of the forest. The mud was thicker under the shade and coolness of the trees, where the sun wouldnt dry it out every day. 
	Its obvious why they never came back, I grumbled. They walked into these woods and were never heard from again. because something ate them!
	Youre not honestly scared of a bunch of trees and woodland creatures are you? Vaughan turned to face me. He put both hands on my shoulders and peered into my eyes intently. I was comforted by that small touch and let out a deep breath.
	Vaughan, this place is where people come to die, I insisted. Look at it. This is probably where Freddy Krueger, Mike Meyers and the Wicked Witch of the West all hang-out. Cant we walk around it? Find the road?
	The tracks, Reagan, he pointed out again. And lets look at it this way. Ive never seen any of those guys kill anyone first thing in the morning. Im thinking they like to sleep in.
	I cracked a smile because I couldnt help it, Sleep in?
	Obviously their serial killer ways keep them up all hours of the night. They probably just called it a day. Were safe. 
	Were safe, I repeated as if saying it would make it true.
	Youre always scared of forests?
	Only ones with gnarled branches, closely planted trees and ghosts.
	So all forests. Got it. He grinned at me again and I took a step forward, closer to him. I couldnt help it, he was like the sun on a leaden morning like this and I wanted to gravitate around him. Youre safe with me, Reagan. His voice dropped and his dark blue eyes brightened with sincerity.
	I know, I whispered. A sudden thickness in my throat caused me to have trouble finding my words. 
	Abruptly a moment between us became charged and powerful. Then it dissipated like fog in the hot sun. It just fizzled out. And it wasnt from my end. It was because of him. I felt him change and pull back and in another moment there were miles between us like continents that stretched us apart. 
	Ready? he dropped his hands and took a step toward the cocooned darkness.
	Ready, I sighed. 
	But I did feel safer and maybe even braver. 
	The inside of the woods only borrowed enough morning light for us to be able to see where we were going, but it shrouded everything in the distance. A quietness wrapped around us that felt like a trap and a sanctuary all at the same time. We could hear anything and everything as it moved over the snapping dead leaves and sticks, but that meant we could also be heard without disguise. As light as our footsteps were, there was no muffling the crunch-crunch of our feet on the forest floor.  
	Reagan? Vaughan broke through the crisp sounds of our feet making a path. His tone was carefully thoughtful; a pang of nervous energy hit low in my stomach.
	Yeah?
	I believe my brothers are fine, that they are alive and that they are well.
	Ok.
	I just wanted that to be clear before I asked you this question, he held up a branch for me to walk under and when I had passed by, he continued. If I didnt think that, we wouldnt have this conversation, yeah?
	Yeah. I nodded and swallowed over the huge lump in my throat.
	This thing with my brother hes really serious about you.
	I know, I laughed, trying to ease the tension. 
	He did not laugh.
	Reagan, there is almost nothing I would fight my brother over. I mean, nothing. He paused, letting the weight of his words settle over us. Except maybe one thing. I know hes claiming you like a damn barbarian, but you still have a choice. You still get to decide what you want.
	I know that. I could barely hear myself so I had no idea how he heard me.
	He cleared his throat and seemed to struggle a minute before continuing, I need to know, Reagan. Im not asking you for anything serious or a commitment of any kind, but I need to know before I let myself get invested. Youre independent and head-strong, so Im not foolish enough to think you wont drop Hendrix the minute you dont think hes right for you. But if you do think hes right. I mean, if theres a chance you think hes it, then Im cutting my losses before I cant.
	He left me speechless, completely without the ability to speak. Vaughan was not Hendrix. He did not attack my emotions the same way Hendrix did with a full on offensive assault. Vaughan was laid-back and non-invasive. He was slow and steady and made me fall into him because I got caught up in his sturdy current, not because he demanded I face my feelings and come to terms with them. 
	Eventually he apologized, I know its a lot to ask you. And I honestly hate myself for putting you in this position, but you are rare. And not just because you happen to be the only girl available in years. But because you are this incredible person and Im drawn to you. And if this were a different world or life, I would fight for you; I would go up against Hendrix and let the best man win. He paused thoughtfully and let all those confessions settle in the air between us. Then he said, I have to do whats best for my family. I will always do whats best for my family.
	After several more minutes of stomping through the muddy forest, I finally let out a breath of air. My chest felt constricted with too much emotion and oxygen; my stomach curdled with nerves. In the most honest part of my soul I knew I was not in a scenario where a love-triangle could be allowed to fester. It wasnt right for either boy and it sucked for me. I had come to care for them both.
	And so I was honest, I dont want to have to make a decision after only knowing you guys for a short time.
	I sounded petulant and angry, but I couldnt help it. The worst part was, none of this attitude was directed at the Parker brothers. It was the Feeders who had ruined my love life, or at least changed it into something I wasnt ready for.
	Im sorry, Reagan, Vaughan said sincerely. 
	I like you, Vaughan, I whispered. And I like your brother. But I dont like either of you enough to decide who I want to be with for the rest of my life. And honestly, I dont know if I really want either of you at all.
	He laughed, surprised at my honesty. 
	But its true, I insisted. How am I supposed to know who Im compatible with? Or who pisses me off more? I did crack a tiny smile for him after that one. I cant tell you that you dont have a chance with me because I dont know either of you enough for me to really have any idea. But I do care about you both. And I would never want to come between you and your brother. Never, ever. Sure, I like you both, but I also respect you both. And I think better of all three of us than that we could let something like this ruin our relationship.
	He didnt say anything after that, just walked for a little while in silence. He was lost in his thoughts and I was tangled and tripped up by my own, so neither of us was making very good company. The silent tracking of Nelson and Hendrixs footprints was the only thing that occupied us outwardly. 
	They made these on purpose, Vaughan finally admitted. They gave us a trail to follow.
	Like Hansel and Gretel? I smirked. 
	Exactly, he chuckled. But seriously, Reagan, if youre ever separated from us, know that we will always leave behind clues to find us.
	That is very good to know, I replied sincerely. It didnt surprise me though, to know that any of the Parker brothers could choose whether to leave a trail or blend in completely. They were like super-human GI Joes. At the end of this whole Apocalypse thing, I was petitioning to have action figures made of them.
	A few more minutes in silence and Vaughan said, Its Hendrix.
	Quietly and with my heart in my throat I confessed, For now, it is Hendrix. 
	Im okay with that, he shrugged. I just wanted to know early, you know? I didnt want this to get worse than it already is.
	Youre not heartbroken are you? I shoved him gently in the bicep.
	He laughed some more, Not this time. But you are a catch, Reagan. Hes a lucky guy.
	Hes not anything yet, I argued. We are not together in any way. Its not like Im choosing him over you, its just like Im not not picking him.
	After a minute of digesting that, Vaughan laughed and said, Hes a little intense, right?
	I bounced up and down and agreed enthusiastically, Right! What is with that?
	Hes always been like that, he explained casually. Always. Even when we were younger he just took things more seriously. He doesnt really second guess himself either, he just makes a decision and stands by it no matter what.
	Its unnerving, I groaned. 
	Yeah, I could sense that. We walked for a few minutes in silence when Vaughan admitted, Youre the first girl hes ever turned his tractor beam of determination on though. Its kind of interesting to watch.
	So Im like a sideshow? 
	More like reality TV. 
	I punched him in the arm.
	Hey! Its not like I have anything better to do.
	No wonder you conceded. I tried to joke about it, but he winced instead of laughed and I realized it was probably a little bit too soon to turn my sarcasm on his semi-unrequited feelings. Oops.
	You are understanding what Im saying though, right? When I shook my head he explained, Youre the first girl hes ever been into. Ever, Reagan. Not just post-Zombies. He has never been all that into a girl before.
	Oh!
	Oh, what? You get it?
	Oh, I get that hes a virgin. That makes a little more sense.
	Whoa, whoa, whoa, Vaughan put his hands up like he was offended by my conclusion. I said youre the first girl hes ever been into. Not the first girl hes ever noticed. Come on, spare my brother some of his pride.
	You know what? I asked sarcastically, after deciding very much that I hated all boys and if I had my choice right now between making out with an arrogant, womanizing, weird Parker brother or a Zombie, I was so going with the Zombie. Boys are such pigs.
	Because hes not saving himself for his soul mate? 
	Because it should be important! I was hot, blazing with anger. Its not something you just throw at the first person that drops their pants in front of you! Its this thing This thing that youre supposed to give to someone, not lose by accident and indifference!
	Youre mad because hes not a virgin? Because Im going to be honest with you, unless youre interested in Harrison or King youre not going to find-
	Vaughan! I exclaimed- as in the definition of exclaimed. I cried out both suddenly and vehemently; I was both surprised and outraged. Im not expecting you to be virgins! Im just saying, Hendrix has never even felt close to something like love or affection for a girl, yet that didnt stop him from giving away this huge part of himself. My point was that it doesnt have to be like that, I mean, you should wait until its special. 
	Even in the Zombie Apocalypse? 
	Even in the Zombie Apocalypse, I nodded with feeling.
	Youre a strange, surprisingly sentimental girl, Reagan. I dont even know how to respond to that.
	Then dont, I quickly ordered him. Its weird talking about my virginity with you, even if its in the context of saving your immortal soul.
	Vaughans head dropped chin to chest and I couldnt tell if he was irritated with me, or laughing at me. Its weird talking about my brothers sex life too. Probably that breaks some kind of man code.
	Probably I giggled.
	Stop moving! A deep but young masculine voice shouted from a to-be-determined location. Drop your weapons and put your hands in the air!
	Shit, Vaughan cursed under his breath, but immediately complied. His two handguns hit the forest floor with a dull thud. 
	This surprised me some, but only because I expected him to pull out an oozie from somewhere hidden in his cargo pants and engage first. Obviously that was not possible and the few guns a piece with limited ammo was not going to cut it when we couldnt even see the body attached to the voice. 
	Vaughan lifted his hands above his head and shot me a look that demanded I do the same. I shook my head. 
	No way, I bit out. 
	Reagan, he growled in a warning voice.
	Drop your weapons! A second voice shouted, angry and demanding. 
	That sounds like a terrible idea, I taunted. Why dont you come get them? 
	Silence.
	From them. Not from Vaughan.
	Reagan, do you trust me? he whispered. His eyes were pleading with me to do just that, but my stubborn pride was getting in the way. I wanted to feel fear and anxiety over yet another new threat, but the irritation that we had somehow managed to get caught, again, was pumping through my blood louder and fiercer than the appropriate terror I should be experiencing. 
	Vaughan, your brothers, I whispered. 
	A haunted look of panic crossed his expression but his jaw clenched with frustration. Trust me. It was a silent plea and I was almost ready to submit. 
	A snapping branch to our left had us both swirling around when a strong arm clasped around my waist from behind and the cold metal of a large-barreled gun pressed against my temple. We were completely distracted; they had managed to trap us. This was so not how I imagined our gallant rescue going. 
	In a smug and somewhat arrogant voice I declared to Vaughan, I told you the woods were a terrible idea! 
	

Chapter Two

Son of a bitch, I hissed, loathing the feel of captivity and helplessness. 
	Instead of talking about my mother, a growly voice Id never heard before warned in a slow southern drawl. His voice rumbled against my head, rolled down my neck and skittered across my spine. I hated him instantly, whoever he was. But even my hatred could not outweigh the suffocating feeling of foreboding that carried in the air as he spoke. Why dont you obey the command? 
	The muscled arm tightened around my waist and my breathing picked up with the pulsing fear I finally felt. Vaughan spun around and took a lunging step forward. He plucked his remaining gun from the back of his pants and had it cocked and aimed at the stranger pressing his chest into my body in half a second.
	The other two voices appeared then, both behind Vaughan, and as if out of thin air. Their guns were aimed at his head in another breath and their threat and intent clear. Their arms were straight and steady, their bodies wound for the attack. 
	I shook my head and pressed my lips together. With a steadying breath, I clicked the safety on the handgun I was holding with my right hand and dropped it to the ground. I reached into my waistband and pulled out my second weapon, dropping it at my feet as well. Both of my hands felt empty and useless. My entire spirit deflated with defeat and frustrated tears pricked at the corner of my eyes, but I would in no way give into them. 
	The rest of my guns were pressed against my back in my canvas backpack as my captor leaned into my body and held me close to him. Fractures of anxiety sparked and crackled all over my skin. I did not like this guy touching me.
	Not at all.
	Vaughans arms and hands were steady although he did not remove his threat, even after I lost my weapons, or at least some of them. I looked at him, begging him to lose his final gun. I was stubborn before, but the tables were turned. I wouldnt lose him. I wouldnt be responsible for something happening to him. 
	I trust you, I promised in a low, vulnerable voice. My stomach churned with anxiety and my breathing was quick and panicked. 
	Vaughans dark blue eyes fell to mine and flashed with pain. He seemed to make the decision now as if it physically hurt him. Relaxing his shoulders he clicked on the safety and released the gun so it slid around his finger and hung limply upside down. He stepped back into a more submissive stance and kept his eyes trained on me.
	The guys behind Vaughan, both no older than eighteen or nineteen, took a step forward and detained him. One retrieved his gun and the other handcuffed his hands behind his back. A feeling like ice cold water doused my insides, coating my blood and drowning my lungs. 
	Real f-ing handcuffs. Not rope. Not plastic ties. Handcuffs. 
	Damn it. 
	Theres a good girl, the asshole behind me murmured close to my ear. His gun fell from my temple and after a few more agonizing moments he took a step back and released me. On his way, his obnoxiously deft, fast fingers nabbed my thin backpack straps and pulled them easily from my body. His rough fingers brushed against my lower back in an all too familiar gesture and I stifled a shudder of revulsion. 
	Touch me again and I will murder you, I warned in my most threatening growl.
	This incited a low chuckle from him and my heart started hammering in my chest for an entirely different reason now. Fear was replaced with white, blinding anger; panic was replaced by clear purpose and compliance was easily substituted by a stubborn rebellion that raced and sprinted through my veins.
	The bastard didnt listen.
	He grasped my hands that hung tight and fisted at my sides and with shocking gentleness pulled them behind my back. I felt the biting cold of the metal as he snapped the cuffs into place. My shoulders and biceps were already pulling against the restraints and I knew I needed to relax, or my arms would be completely useless by the time I could have access to them again. 
	Walk, the guy behind me ordered. 
	Vaughan didnt move. And neither did I.   
	The guy behind me put his two hands on my shoulders, their size and strength completely eclipsing my seemingly petite frame by comparison. He gave me a mild push forward and warned, Walk or Ill carry you. 
	I walked. 
	Vaughan was next to me in an instant. His shoulder brushed and bumped against mine as he made an effort to walk as close to me as he could while our arms were awkwardly tied behind our backs. 
My attention fell to the forest floor. My body was now off balance and it took my full concentration to navigate the uneven terrain. And it was for this reason alone I saw one of the young gunmen stick out their foot and trip Vaughan. 
He fell immediately forward and without the brace of hands to catch him, went down heavily. I stopped and gasped in outrage. He somehow managed to keep his head and face away from the ground, but his body bowed in the mud and I could physically feel his seething anger.
I paused to wait for him, to help share in his frustration and powerlessness, but the guy behind me urged me forward with another hand on the center of my back. Keep moving, he demanded.
I had no choice, at least in this moment, but to obey.  But I did so slowly, very, very slowly. After I listened intently for Vaughan to struggle to his feet and when I was satisfied they were close behind us I turned my attention back to the path I was walking and the captor now at my side.
That was on purpose, I observed. To separate us. 
To separate you, he confirmed. 
I glanced over at him and took him in for the first time. He was as tall as any of the Parker brothers but more thickly built. Where Hendrix and Vaughan were lean, sculpted muscle, this guy was thick, bulking power. He shoulders were insanely wide and his biceps and forearms bulged with unquestionable strength. He was obviously well fed, not that he was fat, he was the opposite of that, but only a steady supply of nutrition and protein could accomplish a physical form like that in todays day and age. He had a dark, thick mop of wavy hair that was kept shortly cut and styled. 
His face was cleanly shaven and showed off a strong jaw, angled cheek bones and thick, black lashes. His crooked nose was the only imperfect feature on his face, a notch at the top signaled he had broken it at least once. He was gorgeous. 
And that surprised me.
But in the kind of way that made me sick to my stomach and want to vomit. Cold, distant, serial-killer kind of beautiful. It was hard to reconcile. His looks were just obviously perfect, but he had this effect. like he was going to murder your puppies or cut out your heart and eat it.
Where are you taking us? I asked in a level voice. For some reason knowing he was beautiful made me relax some. It shouldnt have, especially since nothing outside of his physical features was reassuring, but I calmed a little anyway.
To town, he answered easily. 
	I took another steadying breath. This had to be the same town that Hendrix and Nelson were visiting. So whether theyd been captured like us, or were still working out a way to find medicine for Page, we would most likely run into them.
	You look well fed, I commented dryly. I didnt understand my need to talk to him, but it seemed to rattle my nerves; by starting conversation and forcing him to answer I felt like I had some control of this situation. 
	I am. Another answer. He wasnt very secretive. 
	For some reason I imagined cold killers to be secretive. He was throwing me.
	Although he wasnt very forthcoming either.
	How? I asked incredulously. How are you well fed?
	We had come to the edge of the forest. A high school spread out before us including a football field and track with metal bleachers on both sides. Beyond that stretched a soccer field and baseball diamond. The school itself was completely brick, with no visible windows on this side of the building. 
	The sun was finally a presence in the sky and early morning light spilled across the school property bringing the empty silence that surrounded us into sharp display. Two years ago this was probably brand new, or relatively new. The bleachers were still shiny, the buildings still intact and the grass almost green. 
	My stoic captor shot me a grave look and admitted, We eat our prisoners.
	I had no idea if he was serious or joking. It seemed odd that he would joke with me, but then it seemed worse that he could be serious. I stared at him, deep into his gray eyes and looked for truth. There was nothing but a challenge meeting me and it unnerved me worse than his gun to my head.
	Dont worry, darlin, his friend hollered from behind, his drawl thick and heavy. I never heard a one of Kanes prisoners complain!  
	Oh, god. My stomach roiled and convulsed. 
	Kane cleared his throat but didnt offer an explanation. Two things were clear in that moment. The first was that neither Kane nor his friends actually ate people. 
	The second was that Kane was used to getting his way with girls.
	Shit.
	We were quiet the rest of the way. I could practically feel Vaughans protective shield as he walked behind me. He wasnt going to let anything happen to me. He wasnt going to let anything happen to us. 
	At the door to the school, we paused while Kane took a moment to pull out a large set of keys. I looked up and took note of the men patrolling the roof and swung my gaze wide, realizing there were armed men everywhere. The front of the school sat on a little plot of property but beyond that was a tiny, closely-built town with an adorable downtown. Neighborhoods sprawled to the sides of the main street and extended beyond my visibility. 
	Just as he pulled up the right key, someone called out Kanes name and grabbed his attention. While the guard walked over with two more in tow, Vaughans guards turned to the other men too and I took the opportunity to have my own meeting with Vaughan.
	What the hell! I mouthed. 
	Reagan, listen to me, he whispered sternly. Apparently, he saw the same precious seconds as I did. Whatever happens, you need to meet me tonight. Under those bleachers.
	Why are you-
	I dont know what theyre going to do to us, or where theyre going to keep us. But if I had to guess.. Kane is. I dont think theyll keep us together. Vaughans words were bitter and hard steel. He glanced over at the man in question and back to me, imploring me to listen. Whatever happens, you need to get there. By midnight. Can you? 
	I nodded. Can you?
	Whatever it takes, he agreed.
	Whatever it takes, I echoed. And Hendrix and Nelson?
	Ill find them. Dont worry about them. When I snorted as if that were impossible he bit out. Just worry about taking care of yourself, yeah?
	New fear built like a raging volcano inside me, Yeah.
	Theyre going to ask questions, he dropped his voice to barely above a whisper and I had to read his lips to understand him. Have you ever played that game, Two Truths and a Lie? 
	I looked at him like he was crazy. Yes. I finally admitted, feeling like we would be ripped apart at any moment.
	Thats the key to interrogation, he explained quickly. Remember that. Give them more truth than lies. Always. I nodded but that wasnt good enough for him, Say it back to me.
	Two truths and a lie, I whispered with my heart in my throat. 
	You got it, Babe, he winked at me.
	I almost smiled at his inside joke, but then Kane and his henchmen were back and the door to the school was opened. Inside the building was dark and cool and after the brightness of day outside, I felt blind as I stumbled around inside. 
	Careful of the walls, Kane murmured. 
	The door slammed with a bang behind us and three things became obvious; the dim candlelight that illuminated the hallways. The tortured keening of the undead. And the lack of smell.
	As my eyes adjusted to the light I took in one of the most horrific scenes of my life. In my life, my life that was filled with killing and rotting flesh and death daily.
	The school was set up so that it split into two hallways in a V-shape away from the front doors. There was an office of sorts directly to my left with glassed walls and a swinging door. Immediately my eyes fell on Hendrix and Nelson; I only briefly registered the barest hint of relief. 
	Then my eyes went back to something so vile and disgusting I actually gagged. Zombies lined the hallways. Lined the hallways. The lockers, that were originally used for students, had their doors removed and replaced with steel bars like a jail cell. And stuffed into each, individual locker, so that their arms were able to reach out into the hallway was a Feeder. They moaned low and high at the same time with their faces pressed up against the bars. The space between was wide enough for their bone-thin arms but not big enough for them to stick their face through.
	Their paper-white skin peeled off in places until all that was left was either tendons or bones. They clawed and grasped at the air in front of them as if they could reach the humans that walked in between them, as if only one more inch would get them the meal they seemed to so desperately need. 
	Speechless and disgusted I just stared. The feeling was something like watching dog fighting; I knew they were animals, not humans, but the cruelty was staggering. 
	Through the haze of my thoughts I heard Kane order, Take him in with the others. Im taking her to my father. 
	Panic infused my boiling blood and my head snapped to Vaughan. It was good that they were putting him with his brothers. 
	But what about me?  
	Kane put his arm on my bicep and started to pull me down the opposite hallway. I struggled just a little and his grip tightened. Leaning down so that his mouth was next to my ear again, he whispered, He will be a hell of a lot safer if you come easily. 
	Reagan, Vaughan said in a low voice. Our gazes collided with emotion; he was promising that everything would be okay and I was begging him to make it that way. And then, shocking the ever-living hell out of me, he shouted, I love you.
	I think my mouth unhinged almost permanently and I stumbled backwards as Kane pulled me down the hallway. I stuttered over what to say back when he held up two fingers and then just one. Two truths. One lie. 
	I love you, too, I lied back. 
	And it was a lie, on both our parts. Because while there might exist some kind of friend-love between us, there was so far none of that deeper stuff. 
	But then my eyes flickered over to Hendrix who was standing in front of his side of the glass, his jaw clenched so tightly that a muscle was popping in and out. His hands were crossed tensely over his heaving chest and his livid stare was fastened on where Kanes hand gripped my arm.
	I didnt understand why Vaughan had put us together but I assumed, by taking one glance at Hendrix, it was something to do with protecting his brother. And I would do anything to protect any of those boys so I went along with it, easily. There wasnt a question in my mind whether I trusted Vaughan to do what was best for this family, including me.
	I willed Hendrixs eyes up to mine and when we finally connected after agonizing seconds my heart slammed into my chest and stopped beating completely. He was tortured behind the glass, utterly pained and distraught. His lips pressed into a thin line and the muscle in his jaw started ticking again. 
	With a meaningful look that hit me in the center of my being he mouthed, Be careful. 
	And in reply with as much emotion as I could convey, I mouthed back, You, too.
	Not exactly the most profound thing between people who might potentially, one day in the future. like each other. But it was the most important thing right now.
	I turned back around and followed Kane down the darkened hallway. The sound of Feeders reaching out for me in the dim light was alarming. Their keening drifted around me in and out of my head like razor blades on soft flesh. My hands were still behind my back, but I desperately wanted to press them against my ears to block out the sound. My heart didnt slow its rapid rhythm and my skin felt itchy and wrong as it stretched out over my body. 
	They dont smell, I commented in a rasping voice.
	Kane glanced down at me and then at his hand that still held my arm. Slowly he removed his grip and I stumbled without his support. His frown deepened but he didnt attempt to touch me again. I regained my balance and wondered if he heard me.
	Weve learned that if they dont eat human flesh, they dont emit that noxious smell. His voice was quiet and lilting with that southern accent, but I heard him clearly.
	But why would you keep them like this? Its cruel! 
	Are you siding with the Feeders? he asked in amused disbelief.
	No! But then my chest ached at the idea of prolonging this kind of life. But its unnecessary. Why would you make them live through this? Theyre starving and emaciated.
	They only eat human flesh, he emphasized. What would you suggest we feed them?
	Dont feed them anything! But dont leave them like this either. Shoot them. Kill them. Help solve the problem!
	In one breath you share compassion for them and in another you suggest genocide, he pointed out sounding surprised that I would have either.
	Its not that, I argued. Its disgust for a creature that should not exist. Its revulsion for humans who should know better.
	Youre revolted by this? The disbelief resounded in his voice.
	Arent you? I demanded.
	But he didnt reply.
	He stopped walking and I turned to find out why. He looked down at me, his gray eyes black in the dim hallway; the only light came from low-lit kerosene lanterns that hung from the ceiling. Light flickered over his face and cast the angular planes of his jaw and cheekbones into shadowy contrast. 
	My dad is going to ask you a lot of questions, he explained and for the first time I noticed a heavy wooden door behind him. Its better if you answer. all of them. And if you answer them truthfully.
	Is this how you treat everyone that stumbles on your settlement? I asked with more bitterness than I wanted to show. You handcuff them and order them around? Are you going to let us go at some point? Or enslave us? Or eat us like you said?
	His lips twitched like he was trying not to smile and my insides burned with hatred. I despised that he found me amusing.
	We dont actually eat people, he assured me carefully. And we dont have slaves.
	So then why am I handcuffed? 
	Its temporary. But I didnt believe him. When my eyes narrowed and I pursed my lips he continued, Were taking precautions. You could have been bitten. You could bring the virus to us.
	We didnt even know this was here, I lied. This was my lie. And I realized how terrible telling more truth than lies was going to be for me. You found us, not the other way around.
	And can you imagine what that is like for us day in and day out? People wandering through? Potentially carrying a virus or stumbling upon us and hoping to relieve us of our food and guns? We have a permanent settlement here, we have to protect it.
	All of that made sense and it bothered me. You dont need to treat us like prisoners. You didnt need to separate us.
	Was that your boyfriend you were with? he asked in a low, irritated voice. I nodded because I didnt want to explain and his jaw clenched and unclenched before he continued, His brothers showed up late last night, sneaking around our camp. They had my little brother with them, my rebellious, tenacious, disobedient little brother with them. Then we find you and your boyfriend this morning. Youre obviously in the same traveling party. You obviously knew they went ahead of you last night.
	Ignoring the bulk of his accusations, I asked, How did you know they were brothers?
	Its fairly obvious by their looks, he gave me a sarcastic eye roll. And even if it werent, they carry the same gun. I made an observant guess. 
	I didnt respond verbally. What could I say? It was kind of obvious they were brothers, or at least related in some way. Besides, that wasnt information that I had to be worried about giving up. Two truths. One lie. 
	Realizing I wasnt going to add anything to his hypothesis, he said, Im not trying to be the bad guy. But I will protect whats mine.
	I leveled my stare with his and promised, Me, too.
	He nodded slowly and issued one more warning, Do not leave my side. Do you understand? When I didnt say that I did, he continued, I will say this once for your benefit and I will not say it again. This camp is low on women. But we have an abundance of men. And we do not share our women. Once you belong to a man. he keeps you. You might not like me, but what is inside that room is worse. Stay by my side.
	I still didnt respond. Men had saved me often enough so I was a little less feminist than when I first started this sojourn and after running my Zombified boyfriend over for cheating on me. But I wasnt submissive enough to believe I would or could become a mans property. My thoughts were free, my actions were defiant and my life plan did not involve twenty-one children and a husband that kept Zombie pets starved and tortured in his hallway.
	That was just not going to happen.
	Kanes eyebrows snapped together when I still didnt respond and he impatiently demanded, Just tell me that you at least understand what could happen to you. At least make me feel somewhat confident about taking you in there.
	If my hands were free, this was the part where I would have clenched them into fists so I could punch him in his face.
	And then in the balls.
	Why should you feel confident when I cant even feel my fingers anymore? 
	He spun around and yanked open the door. His broad shoulders were rigid again and his face a mask of serious energy. He held the door open for me and gestured that I walk into an old classroom that had been turned into a kind of courtroom. or throne room. It was confusing. 
	Dont say I didnt warn you, he mumbled in a sing-song voice that was meant to taunt me. 
	I stifled the urge to roll my eyes and walked into the center of the room. A man and wife sat in rolling, leather desk chairs in front of a long white board at the front of the classroom. But this wasnt just any classroom, this was a tiered band room.
	If I had to guess, I would assume that this was the largest of classrooms and placed near the back of the school. There were stackable cushioned chairs that lined up in rows of spectators as the tiers climbed higher. A teachers metal desk sat just inside the door with a man sitting behind it. He seemed like a clerk of some kind and as soon as Kane followed me inside he went over to talk to the man behind the desk.
	Most of the chairs were full and seated mostly by men. They stared down at me like they were sharks and I was fresh chum and they had been swimming for days and hadnt tasted so much of a nibble of something delicious. They were clean for the most part and decently-shaved, unless it was obvious they were opting for the mountain-man look. Their clothes were in good condition and their skin tanned and healthy. 
	The man and woman at the front of the room were no exception. Even the womans hair seemed well-tamed and styled with some kind of product. 
	Other than the leering men, no one else offered a kind expression or friendly smile. 
	They seemed to hate me on sight.
	Or be making silent wagers on what I tasted like with a little bit of Lowrys.
	Kane? Who is this? the man in the head spot asked. His accent was thick, but his words were carefully pronounced. He had the same thick mess of black hair that Kane did and angular cheekbones set off with a broken noise. 
	More wanderers in the woods, Kane shrugged casually and looked around the room bored and unimpressed. We found them close to the edge of the forest.
	Any connection to last night? his father pressed.
	Yes, Kane answered simply. 
	Kanes father looked me over from top to bottom, scrutinizing every aspect of me in all my hands-tied-behind-my-back glory. His brows rose just barely in surprise and a small smile tugged at his lips.
	Finally, he released me from his study and shouted at a guy in the back of the room, Samson, go get Miller. 
	Samson was a fifty-something man with salt and pepper hair and overalls. He scurried down the wide tiers and disappeared down a hallway to the left of Kanes dad to the practice rooms.
	Make introductions, Son, he ordered and nodded in the direction of the woman to his right. 
	Kane looked over at me and admitted, We came straight here. I dont even know her name.
	Think shell be as difficult as those boys last night? his dad laughed good-humoredly, but I had a feeling that did not bode well for Hendrix and Nelson.
	Shell tell us, Kane assured him. She just got done telling me that shes not our enemy. If shes not an enemy, then shes our friend. And a friend wouldnt withhold a simple detail like that. 
	Tricky bastard.
	But if Vaughans theory was right, then this was an easy question to be honest about.
	Reagan, I confessed with a steady voice. My name is Reagan Willow.
	There were a few moments of silence where my name just hung in the air stationary. Finally the entire room seemed to digest it before Kane continued. 
	Reagan, he tested my name out on his lips and I wanted to take it back immediately, to hide it bury it. This is my father, Matthias Allen and my mother, Linley.
	I had been without civilization for almost two years, still I had to stomp on my manners and ignore the instinct to be polite and receive their hospitality with grace. I wasnt that girl anymore. I wasnt the perfect cheerleader that mothers adored and teachers could count on.
	I was a hunter. A killer. A survivor. 
	So I stared at them and waited, putting puzzles together inside my head. Miller had said last night that he wanted to save his sister. He had also said he had a mother and while he would like to rescue her, he knew she wouldnt come.
	Possibly this was because she was married to the head guy. Ugh. Miller!
	He also never mentioned his brother. How many other awful family members did he have lurking around here? Had this whole thing been a trap from the beginning? Had Miller lured us here under the pretense of free medicine? 
	After several awkward minutes in which I didnt acknowledge the introduction or attempt to make more conversation, Mathias asked another question, Where are you headed, Reagan Willow?
	Two truths. South, I said simply. Past Mexico.
	A low chuckle started in the back of the room and rolled forward like an ocean wave of dark amusement. Matthiass dark gray eyes sparkled with humor and I felt Kane relax next to me. 
	Linley was the only one that didnt seem entertained by my answer. Youre not serious? she asked in that lilting southern drawl. 
	Im very serious, I answered. 
	What could possibly be down there that could draw you into Mexico? Linley pressed, her delicate features pinched with concern. She was beautiful, even in a simple white t-shirt and black yoga pants. She didnt wear any makeup, but her shining dark brown hair was freshly washed and styled. 
	We started out following a lead, I cleared my throat and pretended a little bit of nervousness. But that was two years ago. I guess. Its just a direction to go.
	That actually felt a lot like truth. The words burned in my throat and churned my stomach. Maybe the Parkers had been right from the beginning; maybe north was the way to go. Wed run into nothing but problems since we reached southern Missouri and I imagined it was only going to get worse. That was if we ever got out of this current predicament. 
	A foolish direction to go, Matthias snorted. Mexico has been overrun by Feeders. You wouldnt make it past the border.
	I nodded, not trusting myself to stay respectful if I opened my mouth. 
	Are there more of you? Linley asked. Her kind eyes beseeched me to tell the truth. But I felt like it was smoke and mirrors- good cop, bad cop. They wanted something from us and this was the moment for my lie.
	I shook my head, Just the four of us.
	One girl for all those boys, Matthias leered at me. 
	I narrowed my eyes and pressed my lips together in an attempt not to fly across the room and choke the living hell out of him. Kane stiffened next to me again, his body coiled with tension.
	That was the motivation I needed to stay silent. I could take Matthiass jabs or digs, but I could not allow Kane to become somehow protective of me. I was certain of that. 
	Matthias was scary.
	Kane was dangerous.
	Matthias looked over at his son and his eyes widened just a fraction, just enough for me to register his surprise. His gaze flickered back to me and he looked at me with an entirely different measure now as if instead of a prisoner, I was now a commodity, I was a possession. 
	My skin crawled, my breathing picked up and my palms started sweating. I had to get out of here. 
	Just then, Samson pushed back through the door, dragging a bound and gagged Miller. His eyes were both black and almost swollen shut and his bare arms and chest were bruised and lacerated. His dirty hair was now caked with dried blood and he looked like a child next to the man pushing him around.
My stomach lurched and revolted against the idea that this little boy was abused or mistreated and that he was punished for leaving and for coming back, but most of all for getting caught with Hendrix and Nelson.
 
	

Chapter Three

Well, if it isnt the prodigal son, Matthias crooned from his seat. He sat forward and straightened his back with excitement, at the sight of his son at the sight of his own son bloodied and beaten.  
	Miller was brought to stand in front of me, so that he could face his parents. His shoulders were as straight as he was able to make them and his chin tilted with defiance. My heart was breaking for him and I regretted doubting him, regretted implicating him in some elaborate plot.
	I understood why he was so desperate to get out of here now. 
	Kane remained stoic next to me, not smiling with satisfaction like his father, but not weeping with despair either. In fact, the only emotional face in the room seemed to be Linleys and she was hiding it well. Just the tiniest lines near her eyes stressed with the effort to keep still. 
	Hi, Father, Miller greeted with a voice that sounded like he had a mouth full of marbles. 
	Matthiass good humor disappeared and his face became grave, Have you learned your lesson, Son? 
	Miller nodded enthusiastically. I wanted to wince for him, but he never once acknowledged his own pain. Yes, Sir. 
	And what did you learn? Matthias pressed.
	Not to get caught, sir, Miller spat out immediately. 
	This time I did wince, but it was drowned out in the uproar from behind me. The spectators behind me stood to their feet and shouted down their disapproval at Millers words. He stood before me, relaxed, well as relaxed as his broken body allowed him to be, and confident. 
	No, not confident smug. He was still full of that cocky recklessness from last night. 
	And for the first time in our brief twenty-four-hour acquaintance I realized I respected this kid.
	Matthiass eyes flickered up to mine and watched my horrified reaction to how beat up his son was and how little sympathy he was getting from the crowd. 
	He stared at me for a few minutes while the spectators settled and sat back down. Eventually he explained, Were a community, Reagan. Do you understand that? We take care of each other. We protect our own from the dangers of this fallen world. And we havent lost anyone yet, even while our numbers continue to grow. This was once a tiny, insignificant little nothing town. But now look at us. He gestured around with his hands and grinned at me. Flourishing. We are flourishing, even in this uncertain time of disease and death. People all over hear of our prosperity and safety. They flock to us, Reagan. They come in droves.
	Ive never heard of you, I shrugged. 
	Kanes hand shot out and gripped my forearm. With my hands still cuffed behind my back, his touch caused tingles of nerves to shoot up toward my elbow; but instinctively I knew he wasnt trying to be cruel, he was trying to warn me. But his help was the last thing I needed, or wanted. 
	With bitter cruelty, Matthias corrected me, Youve never heard of us until today. Now now youve heard of us. Now youve seen what we can do. Now you understand. 
	Well, I couldnt argue with that.
	That is true, I conceded and Kanes grip relaxed a little.
	Matthiass attention swung to his younger son and he asked a question that had me almost shaking with anxiety. 
	You met her last night, Miller. I know you brought the other two back with you tonight. But how many more were with her.
	Miller tried to look back at me from over his shoulder, but his eyes were practically swollen shut so I doubted he could see me very clearly. Then he turned back around to his father and shrugged casually.
	There was another guy, he explained.
	My heart slammed into my chest cavity at his lie. How did he know to lie for us? Why did he lie for us? 
	My thoughts whirled with fear for Haley, Harrison and King, for Page and her sickness. This was all for them. If we got out of this it was to get back to them. 
	Just one other guy? Matthias pressed.
	Miller let out an impatient sigh, I told you last night and I will tell you again this morning. I wasnt runnin away. I was goin for a walk. And then I ran into these guys. They made me bring them back in here. They forced me to! But it was only her and another guy that stayed behind. They kept talking about a contingency plan. I guess it meant they would come after them if they never showed back up. 
	Silence met his explanation and I forced my body not to wiggle under the intense scrutiny of the room. 
	Give us the story, Reagan, Matthias demanded.
	Like I said, we didnt know you were here. We ran into Miller by accident.
	Then why send the scouting party ahead? Linley asked in a quiet, stern voice. 
	To see if it was safe. We had never heard of you. And in our travels weve run into a lot of bad guys. Even you guys handcuffed us and dragged us through this interrogation. The last settlement we were at stole our guns and ammo and syphoned our gas. We dont trust people. We were trying to be cautious. I was practically pleading with him to believe me. Most everything I said was truth. 
	Youve never heard of us? Whens the last time youve been around people outside of your own party? Matthias asked carefully. 
	Hope bloomed in my chest at the realization he was starting to believe me. Not since the settlement where everything was stolen from us. Weeks ago- states ago. We havent been around other people since. Weve been avoiding settlements and other people ever since.
	Do you know why our country fell, Reagan? Matthias asked, changing the subject so abruptly my head spun. I shook my head- truth. I didnt know. The news just stopped one day. My parents were killed three days later. Haley and I went on the run twenty-four hours after that. I wasnt convinced there was no government, but I hadnt seen any kind of political organization since the day the news stopped. I didnt know what happened, but I assumed we just fell apart. Matthias decided to enlighten me, Our government imploded, plain and simple. With all our troops scattered around the globe and more than half of all the government officials infected with the virus within days of the outbreak, there was no one left to organize us and to rally us. His deep southern accent floated over each word, sinking low on the consonants and pronouncing each syllable with conviction and enthusiasm. He was like a preacher. or cult leader. 
	If they tried to serve me applesauce, I was so out of here.
	Matthias continued, They failed us, Reagan. When we needed them the most, they couldnt give us a cure, or a solution or protection. They just dissolved. He made a wiggling motion with his fingers that was supposed to symbolize something disappearing, I guessed, but it looked so much like jazz hands that I had to press my lips together to keep from smiling. And they left their citizens in dire straits. They left us to die. Our people need a stronger system; they need someone who can keep them from falling prey to these animals, who can offer them hope for the future.
	Ah. Okay, this guy was bat shit.
	Everything was becoming clear now.
	And that person is you? I asked with a raised eyebrow.
	Annoyance flashed in his dark eyes. Kane, give our guest a tour of the town. 
	Yes, sir, he answered immediately.
	Kane prompted me to move toward the door by tugging on the arm he was still holding. He reached out to the handle and pulled it open for me. The dreadful sound of pained moaning in the hallway filled the room immediately, but Matthiass voice could be heard easily through the noise. 
	And when youre finished, Kane, set her up where you see fit. Miss Reagan Willow is going to be staying with us for a while.
	Kane led me out into the hallway and away from the band room/throne room. His hand was still on my forearm as he pulled me down the center of the corridor- away from the reaching hands of the emaciated Zombies. 
	We retraced our exact path, even past the glassed office-ish room that was guarded by armed men and housed Hendrix, Nelson and Vaughan. They all stood at the window watching my approach. Matching tortured looks as they were forced to do nothing but watch silently as I walked by. 
	I held Hendrixs gaze and tried to convey a sense of confidence and hope into him, but his blue eyes were bleak with fear. His jaw was clenched tightly, his hands fisted in front of him as they rested on the glass. 
	Can I speak to them, I asked Kane quietly, never tearing my eyes away from Hendrix.
	No, he answered simply and then pulled me out the front doors and back into the warm sunlight.
	I blinked against the blinding sun and dipped my head to avoid the worst of the light. I wanted my hands back. The metal was starting to cut into my skin and my arms felt like dead, tingling weight. 
	It sucked.
	Kane stopped walking and let me adjust to the brightness outside. He turned me around so that my back was to him; I felt his fingers brush down my forearms. A flare of panic stampeded in my chest and I held my breath while I waited for him to do whatever he was going to do with me. 
His calloused fingers came to rest on my wrists and after a few seconds of adjusting, I heard the click of the key and the cuffs fell away. My arms fell limply to my sides and I worked my fingers, hoping to restore the flow of blood and feeling. 
	Whirling around to face him, I demanded, If you hurt them, I will kill you. 
	So many threats, he sighed sarcastically. His gaze collided with mine holding me in an intensity I didnt understand. If you hurt me, I will kill them. 
	A thin sheen of sweat broke out all over me at his words. I had no doubt that he would follow through with that threat. In this, I trusted him implicitly.
	Why are you doing this? I asked in a small voice. 
	His jaw clenched and his gray eyes darkened with some emotion I didnt understand. He towered over me, his muscles big and contoured under his gray t-shirt. Loose jeans hung from his hips and bunched over thick leather boots. His skin was tanned and flawless, his jaw so smooth I wondered if he had the ability to even grow a beard.
	He was a massive contradiction after the sexy scruffiness of the Parker brothers with their lean, lengthened muscles and flat stomachs. Yes, they were muscled and gorgeous as well, but it was almost like they were direct opposites of Kanes good looks. And the most obvious difference of all was the warmth and safety every Parker brother emanated like light. 
	Kane was cold, distant cruelty. There was no warmth, no security, and no hope. 
	He didnt answer my question, just walked past me, expecting me to follow. You need to stay by my side. At all times.
	I obeyed, but only because of his previous threat against Hendrix, Vaughan and Nelson. We walked out toward the town, leaving the school behind us. The roads were in good shape here, but there were no cars or trucks driving on them. 
	People milled about everywhere. I saw people working in stores, and people walking in and out of them. Men and women stood in line for what seemed like a table passing out food rations. Kids played in the streets with soccer balls and jump ropes. They were a civilized society and not in any way living in fear of the Feeder threat.
	Although that might have had something do with the armed men on every single corner and rooftop. 
	Kane gestured to the rooftop of the closest building and warned, If you try to run, Reagan, they will shoot you.
	I despised the way he said my name, how it rolled off his tongue with intimate familiarity. 
	The threat against my friends was clear enough, Kane, I spat out. 
	Seeming satisfied, he explained, We have men everywhere, all over the town and all over the surrounding forests. We live in relative peace and quiet here because we exterminate the threat of Zombies before they ever reach us. Our people live in houses and participate in civilized society. My father is reclaiming this country for us. Every day we clear more land, claim more property for humanity.
	There were parts of this place that seemed right to me, that seemed good. But it was like everything that these people touched and made their own was twisted with some kind of malicious evil. The Zombie problem needed to be cleared permanently, not dragged into the middle of something that could be good and put on display like a macabre trophy case. 
	Still, I had questions to ask, do you use currency?	
	Kane shook his head, We trade work for necessities. Work earns you credits; credits buy you whatever you need or want. The more you work, the more you have. The same goes for housing. The job you choose determines the kind of housing you own. It determines your status in the community. It decides how much influence you have in meetings.
	We walked along an idyllic sidewalk, with quaint little shops rising on either side of us. People smiled and greeted Kane warmly and he returned everything with a head nod or small smile. His hand on my lower back guided me along and I felt the warmth of his hand all the way to my spine. 
	The women looked at me curiously and the men eyed me hungrily all the while Kane gave me his undivided attention. He brushed off those seeking him out for conversation and ignored those that he could without being obviously rude. But in all the people we passed I never found a girl my age. They were older, or they were younger. There was no community of twenty-something girls that were around Kanes age.
	This realization was alarming for a few different reasons- most of all was the understanding for his interest in me. Dang it. 
	Whats top of the food chain? 
	I dont know what you mean, he smiled at me. 
	Best job, what is it? Who gets the best houses? The most food? The most votes?
	My father, he grinned like he was telling a joke.
	And then?
	Soldiers, he sobered a little when he realized he wasnt charming me. Anyone who patrols gets the best of everything. We risk our lives to keep peace. 
	Well, thats what I want to be then, I announced decidedly. Mostly I was testing the waters. 
	He led me along, past the stores and into a residential area. Huge trees towered over us and created a canopy over the quiet street. Some houses were clearly occupied and some obviously empty. But I couldnt argue with the fact that the people did look happy. They looked like they felt safe. 
	You cant be a soldier, Reagan, he explained. Only our men fill those rolls.
	And women remain co-dependent on their protection and abundant supplies? I forgot that you own your women here; they are as much property as they are people, right?
	It doesnt have to be that way. We came to a stop in front of a two-story white house with black shutters. A wide porch wrapped around the front of the house and disappeared around the side. There was a quaint walkway up to the house and the yard was wide and well taken care of as it turned green with spring. I looked up at the house, clearly the biggest one in this area, and realized this was Kanes home.
	But it is, I argued. This is your house. Im your ration? 
	He turned so that we were facing each other and whispered, Prize. Youre my prize.
	I shook my head, tears pricking at my eyes. Youre crazy if you think I would ever go along with this. 
	His eyes held mine and we reflected opposite images of each other. Where he was cool and confident, I was fear and hatred.
	He broke the stare down first and reached for my hand. Gripping it gently but firmly, he pulled me up the walkway and the stairs and unlocked his front door. We walked in his comfortable living space, even if it was a little chilly and dark. He went around the room lighting candles and then a fire from an enormous fireplace in the front room. 
	The house was tastefully and comfortably decorated. The pieces of furniture high end and in good shape; there was an overwhelming feeling of family here. I couldnt stop my thoughts from wondering what happened to the family that lived here before Kane took over. 
	Were they killed in the initial attacks? 
	Were they forced from their home when Kanes dad came into power? 
	Did Kane kill them in cold blood when they refused?
	It will be easier for you if you stop fighting this, he said in a low voice from near the fireplace.
	Im not sleeping with you, I declared firmly.
	I couldnt even find the fear that had been plaguing me all day. Yes, there was panic and terror somewhere inside me, but mostly I felt steel determination. I felt resolve. 
	He was not going to touch my body. He was not going to get close to me.
	And to my chagrin he broke into the first genuine smile I had seen from him. It was staggering. He was staggering. Gone was the cold indifference and serial killer charm and in its place was a warmth and affection that seemed blinding with his charisma. 
	Nobody said you had to, he laughed. You can stop believing Im a monster, Reagan. Im not.
	Then let me go, I countered. 
	He shook his head, losing his infectious smile. I wont do that.
	Wont? 
	I wont let you go, he breathed. My skin tingled with a looming premonition and my eyes watered with panic. He continued, Youre perfect for me. And youre mine now. I wont lose you.
	You dont even know me, I pointed out. Im a raging bitch.
	He shrugged.
	I would make a terrible wife. uh, partner, um, possession. I wont ever be submissive; I wont ever not fight you.
	Youre jumping to conclusions, he admonished me with too much amusement. Dont you want to get settled before you warn me off?
	No. I want you out of my life today.
	Not happening, he countered. This is the best thing that could have happened to you. Stop looking at this like a tragedy and recognize your good fortune.
	And my friends? 
	Will be safe and taken care of as long as you remember your place. 
	I laughed bitterly. And if I dont?
	His expression became solid stone. Dont find out.
	A knock on his front door had us both whirling around. He sighed impatiently but walked casually over to open it. I took the time to take in his house, find a way to escape, find a weapon to wound him with. 
	The windows were all barred  something I hadnt noticed at first. And the back door through the kitchen was padlocked from the inside. There was no walking out of this house, not easily anyway.
	I wondered what the second story was like, but had no desire to find myself up there, not where the bedrooms were. Although in his defense, I wasnt feeling a raper vibe from him. Which might be nave on my part, but there it was. All the same.
	He was detached, distant and terrifying. But he wasnt the forceful kind. His touches had been somewhat. gentle and he had coaxed and manipulated me with soft threats and urging insistence. Other than that time he held a gun to my head, hed actually been kind of a, uh, gentleman.
	I shivered with disgust at those feelings. He was also a kidnapper, a tyrant and a desperate man if he felt he needed to steal his women.
	The door swung open and a girl around my age stood through the haze of the screen door. Her black hair floated around her shoulders in tumbling waves and her gray eyes assessed Kane with calculating, judgmental eyes. Her delicate features were pursed into disapproval and her petite shoulders tense with frustration. 
	Tyler, Kane breathed. What do you want?
	What was she? An ex-girlfriend? Lover? If he had this girl waiting for him at home, then why on earth did he drag me back here? 
Just stopped by to meet your new pet, she replied with perky enthusiasm. 
Kane propped his shoulder on the door frame and crossed his arms, refusing her entrance into his home. Shes not a pet. 
Really? she laughed humorlessly. Lets see. You went hunting in the forest this morning and returned with a creature that youre keeping locked in your house. If shes not a pet, then what is she? 
Kane growled something under his breath that sounded like a string of curse words. Get off your high horse, Ty.
First, get out of my way, she sniped at him. She ripped open the screen door and pushed her way through. She stomped over to me her eyes glued to my face. Then I saw it- fear, uncertainty, and concern. Once she was out of her Kanes gaze, she was a completely different person. But all that emotion was gone in a moment and she was face-to-face with her mask of hypercritical arrogance. She looked me over with a haughty eye and ordered, Alright, Kane, introduce me to my new sister-in-law.
Putting the pieces together in my head, I realized this was Millers sister; this was the sister that needed saving. 
Tyler, this is Reagan, Kane obliged us. Reagan, this is my little sister, Tyler.
Well, little as in two years younger. But he loves to hold that over me. How old are you? she asked directly.
Um, uh, twenty, I offered, still not knowing what to make of her occasionally compassionate eyes as she held my gaze.
Yay! she squealed. Were just a year apart then!
Yay, I echoed sarcastically.
Big brother, be a good host and get us something to drink, she demanded and waved him away with a flick of her fingers. 
Her thick drawl was just as musical as her mothers and now that I knew she was related to this Zombie-Apocalypse version of the Adams family I could make out all the similar family features: beautiful skin, pronounced bone structure, full lips, gray eyes. 
Kane sighed again but started off to do her bidding. Before he got too far, though, he looked back and asked her pointedly, Did you have anything to do with Millers stupid little stunt last night, Ty?
She laughed like the very idea was ludicrous and shook her head, Uh, did you see Miller this morning? Dad beat the shit out of him. I am not about to be part of his crazy antics. Hes just doing it for attention. 
Her jaw clenched tightly in a frozen smile after her last words and only because I was looking for it, I watched her shake her head out in a nervous tick. 
Right, attention, Kane chuckled bitterly. Seems like there are better ways to get Dads approval.
Well, you would know all about that, wouldnt you golden boy? 
Kane shook his head but ignored her biting comment. He walked off into the kitchen and once we heard the cupboard door open I felt the hot warmth of metal in my palm. I looked down and saw that Tyler was pushing something into my hand. 
I grasped it and pulled back so I could see what it was. A handcuff key. She gave me a handcuff key. 
I dont need this, I whispered frantically. I waved my free hands around.
You will tonight, she promised with so much fear and anxiety in her voice that my insides froze into organ-sized ice cubes. He wont risk losing you. 
What does he want with me, I pleaded in a frantic whisper.
But she just shook her head and changed the subject, Midnight, behind the bleachers, tonight.
I shook my head, wondering. How? I mouthed.
Your friends. Were going with you, she explained. Do not let him find that key. Hell kill them, I promise you he will.
Understanding her message I nodded and slid the key into my bra. I would die before he got inside there, so by then it wouldnt matter if he found the key or not. 
I was just about to say thank you when her rude snarkiness was back, Its honestly amazing how one girl as plain as you got all three of those boys to follow her around. She lifted up a strand of my hair that had escaped my pony tail and dropped it back to my shoulder as if in disgust. 
Tyler, Kane hissed from the doorway to the kitchen. He walked toward us with two unopened cans of warm Coke in his hands. He offered them to us and we both accepted. Easily. Manson family or not, there was no way I was turning down a can of Coke. 
We stood there drinking for a while in awkward silence. Tylers eyes kept floating around the room as if she were waiting for someone to jump out at her and attack. Finally, they landed on her brother and an expression of pure, undiluted hatred flashed over her features before she was able to compose herself again.
Well, Im off, she grinned at us. She drained her soda in one swift chug and handed the can off to Kane. Im on dinner duty. Besides Im sure you want time to get to know your new plaything. 
Now her look of disgust was for me. 
Ugh. I didnt know whether to hate this girl or love her for trying to save me.
Tyler, Kane called out as she walked with graceful steps toward the door. Check on Miller, make sure hes alright.
Why dont you? she huffed over her shoulder. 
If I show him I care right now, hell think its okay to behave this way. We both know, that under no circumstances can he be allowed to leave this place. He would die by himself; he would die in less than a day. 
What if he wasnt by himself? she asked with casual humor, the kind that made it seem as though she were laughing at you.
Youd die too, Ty, he said with resigned sadness.
And you care, Kane? she laughed humorlessly.
I care, he agreed. Just make sure hes alright.
Whatevs, she shrugged with that same indifference that seemed to gnaw at Kanes patience. Then she was gone and the screen door was slamming behind her with a cracking thud.
You have a very interesting family, I pointed out as soon as we were alone again.
You dont have any family left? Kane asked, returning his attention to me.
Not anymore. My tone was final and cutting. I would not talk about people I loved with him. 
Reagan, I know how to keep you safe, he promised in a soft voice as if picking up on some great pain of my past. This will be a good life for you.
Against my will, I pointed out bitterly. Youll keep me safe against my will. And youll give me the life you think is good. against my will. Honestly, I dont even understand how I got here.
Confusion crossed his features and he reminded me, We found you in the woods this morning.
Losing my mind just a little and all of my patience I snapped, No, I know how I got here this morning. But I mean, to this place. To you keeping me under lock and key just like Tyler said, like a pet. Why do you think this is acceptable behavior?
I dont, he quickly reassured me. I know its not alright to behave like this. But I also know its been eighteen months since a girl that has even remotely peeked my interest has stumbled upon our encampment and she died three days later because she was too dehydrated and starved to come back from that. Her body shut down and we watched her die in our medical facilities. Since then its been a steady stream of mostly men. Or women that wont work for me.
That doesnt mean Im the last of a dying breed. My arms were crossed over my chest defiantly and my eyes boring holes into his stupid head. 
No, but it means you are a rare and precious commodity. A woman is a status symbol in this community.
So youre lazy? I bit out. Go find another woman! Go find someone whos actually interested in you. You cant just kidnap people.
Im not lazy, he growled. Im an opportunist. You should look at this from my perspective. If you were in the same position as me and the perfect man walked across your path I doubt you would be so quick to let them go.
I thought about the Parker brothers and how that was true for them now. I would not let them go if I had the choice. But it was different too. There was a point when I could have walked away. And I would never force someone to be with me, especially in this way.
Im not perfect, I said instead, afraid to incite his anger, or reveal more about the Parkers.
Perfect for me, he insisted.
Youre delusional, I hissed. And I meant it. He was, in fact, bonkers. 
Im your future, Reagan, he promised in a low, stony voice. The sooner you come to terms with that, the sooner you will be able to move forward.
He walked over to the front door and closed it. Pulling a padlock off a decorative table, he locked the door from the inside and pocketed the key attached to his large key ring.
The handcuff key burned against my breast as I realized that handcuffs were not going to be my only obstacle tonight. If I could escape those, I still had to break out of this house and make it all the way back to the football field. If Hendrix, Nelson and Vaughan were able to get free, we still had to make it all the way back to the farmhouse and get Page and everyone else. There would be no way to warn them ahead of time, no way to tell them to be ready to go. 
Nausea assaulted my stomach at the seemingly impossible task ahead of us. But what choice did we have? We had to get out of this place. 
I had to get out of this place.
And while I willed my panic and fear under control, my heartbeat seemed to take a new rhythm; it beat steadily in my chest, whispering a promise of hope, beating a melody of determination. Hendrix. Hendrix. Hendrix. 
If I could just get back to him, everything would be alright.

Chapter Four

	Darkness. Every window had been checked, double checked and blackout drapes pulled. The doors had all been padlocked from the inside and my bedroom door had been padlocked from the outside.
	At least I was alone. 
	I had no idea what time it was, or if it was close to midnight, but I hadnt heard Kane moving around in a while. I hoped that meant he was asleep. Just like Tyler warned, my hands were cuffed to the metal bedframe above my head. Kane offered to pull the blanket up, but surprisingly I declined.
	Okay, not so surprisingly. 
	As I focused on trying to get the handcuff key out of bra, I thought back to the day and what it would be like to be imprisoned here forever. 
	After Tyler left us, Kane gave me a tour of his house, highlighting all the areas I was allowed to make myself at home in and brushing past the doors he didnt want me exploring. I would be free to roam around the town, house, and school or wherever I wanted during the day, but at night I was to return to him. 
	So much freedom seemed easy enough to abuse, but the militant style of the guards around this place was insane. 
	I wondered how long Tyler and Miller had been plotting to escape, because obviously, this was no easy task. 
	After Kane promised to have more clothes brought over in my size and we had a fast lunch of homemade bread and salted meats, he showed me more of the town. 
	It was like Children of the Corn. Only instead of just the kids being brainwashed and crazy, it was like every, single human being here had been injected with the insanity. They worshipped Matthias Allen and treated his beliefs like religion. There were signs posted all over the place with wacky political jargon and reminders of how to live communally.
	People lived in relative peace, with complaints or issues brought in front of Matthias first thing in the morning, which was why Kane took us directly to the school building. The school building didnt have any residential dorms or anything, but remained kind of a jail/meeting-place/office for Matthias. The gym and fields were also used to train their guards and if I had to make an educated guess, I would have said thats where they also kept their food supplies and weaponry. 
	Kane never said that, even after I asked him specifically, but if I was planning this place, thats where I would put it. 
	I was even taken to the two entrances to the town by road, one north of town and one south. I watched as a middle-aged man and wife seemed to stumble upon the guards. With feet bare and bloody, they were obviously malnourished. The guards looked them over and made them strip in the middle of the road. After they examined them for bites or infection marks at gunpoint, they handed them simple black outfits that reminded me of nurses scrubs or convicts jumpsuits. They were handcuffed behind the back, just like we were, then led off by another set of guards toward the school building. They could barely walk and their faces screamed for mercy and water, but they managed. 
	What will happen to them? I asked Kane quietly as we stood leaning against one of the building fronts on the main street. 
	Theyll be asked to sign a loyalty contract and then sent to the medical facilities. He shrugged, bored with the explanation. 
	And then? I pressed. 
	Theyll be put on a six-month mandatory probation where they live in community dorms and are watched twenty-four seven. At that time they can choose their job and they go to work.
	And if theyre good little boys and girls? I asked dryly.
	Then the constant surveillance ends and the next six months are spent in relaxed probation. Kane turned to look at me, drinking in my features with an increasingly hungry gaze. 
	I ignored the simultaneous chills and beading of sweat that raced across my body while I struggled not to gag in revulsion then asked my next question, What is relaxed probation?
	They are given a residence but are susceptible to random searches and interrogations. Their job performance is monitored very carefully and their living stipend just barely covers their needs.
	And after that?
	Then they become voting members of society. He smiled slowly at me. Its really very humane. You have it in your head that were monsters, but were simply trying to protect a town full of people.
	Humiliating them by making them stand naked in the middle of the road is not exactly respectable behavior. I shouldnt argue with him, I shouldnt press his buttons, but he drove me crazy with his whacked-out ideals. He would indoctrinate me if he could, turn me into one of the Stepford wives of the Zombie Apocalypse if he could. Why couldnt I do the same thing? 
	And if we let them in and they have the infection? If they start biting and feeding and killing before we even realize theres a threat? His gray eyes darkened with righteous passion and he met my gaze, daring me to contradict him. 
	There has to be a better way to find out if theyve been infected. Why cant you just ask them? I was getting worked up, my hands clenched at my sides and my jaw set and firm. 
	And trust them to tell us the truth? He asked incredulously. You of all people should know better than that.
	Fine, I conceded bitterly. Humanity is less than.. reliable currently, but youre not exactly promoting a circle of trust here, are you?
	He shrugged and took a step toward me, There are some people Id like to trust me. His fingers brushed a path down my jaw and I willed myself to be still against that disgusting touch. 
	I shook my head and pushed away from the building. I knocked into his shoulder in my attempt to escape him and his low laughter followed me down the sidewalk. 
	He put me to work after that. I was assigned to the laundry room and forced to work with two middle-aged women that loved their job, literally loved it. They were born to do f-ing laundry, I guessed, because their constant smiles and happy humming could mean nothing else. Thank God for their sakes the whole Zombie thing happened. Otherwise who knew how theyd be wasting their talents in normal society. Theyd probably be like CEOs of international businesses, or fighting world poverty or something meaningless like that. 
	Was I being cynical? Hell, yes. These people were insane. 
	I ignored them as I lost myself in the menial task of folding hundreds and hundreds of shirts. Then I realized why they were crazy. This job would literally make anyone lose their mind. It was too monotonous. Too boring. 
	I was going to be a voting member of their ironically utopian society before the day was over. It was like a laundry induced lobotomy. 
	Or maybe I just wasnt used to this kind of peace and security. Maybe the run and hunt were the real reasons I was losing my mind. Survival was a constant activity, where my brain was always engaged. 	This made my brain feel useless.
	And so I put it to work. I visualized my escape, over and over and over, until I had every path, every exit memorized. I pictured the main street and how the buildings were set up, how I would sneak between them and hide in the shadows. I imagined my sprint across the open fields and the swiftness of my feet as I fled this place. 
	At the end of the day the women led the way to a community dinner. In the gymnasium of the school, the entire town congregated to share a meal. We ate roasted chicken, roasted potatoes and canned corn. It was a relative feast. 
	I was placed at the head table between Kane and Tyler. Miller sat with us too, but he never once lifted his bloodied and beaten eyes from his plate. Matthias and Linley sat across from me, smiling at Kane and I like we were a real couple and this was true happiness.
	This was an f-ing nightmare- in the real sense of the word. I had the feeling from this day forward I would wake up screaming and shaking from the memory of this family and their oppressive reach into my life. 
	How could these people be so disillusioned? How could humanity have slipped to these depths so fast? 
	We just fell apart.
	And thats exactly how I felt at that table- like I was falling apart. 
	The conversation was surprisingly very normal everyday family stuff until Matthias looked at me and asked, So Reagan, what do you think of our little community? 
	I lifted my eyes, meeting his emotionless, aloof gray gaze and shrugged. Nothing I could come up with was going to make him happy. 
	It can be overwhelming at first, I realize this, Matthias offered generously. Especially since youve been by yourself for so long.
	I havent been by myself, I argued. Im by myself right now, while you keep my friends locked up at gun point.
	Tyler kicked me under the table, warning me to shut my mouth. She tried to pull the attention off me, Speaking of, I better get them dinner.
	She stood up and walked over to the buffet line, grabbing a little girl on her way so she could help carry the plates of food. I relaxed a little knowing they would get a good meal; and because if she was feeding them then they were still alive. 
	Kane says you dont approve of our wall decorations, Matthias pressed, gesturing with his hands toward the rest of the school.
	I immediately lost my appetite, remembering how Feeders lined the walls in those cramped locker spaces, how their boney arms reached out into the hallway, brokenly trying to stretch for me, how their horrific moaning sounds filled the air and clawed and scraped inside my head. No, I did not approve.
	They should be shot, I answered simply. Theyre disgusting reminders of the peril were in, its cruel and dangerous for you and your people. 
	My people know better than to get near them, Matthias pointed out. A small child would know better than to get near them. And what is so cruel about their treatment? Their minds and souls have vanished. The only thing they are capable of living for is their addiction to human flesh. Even in their wasted states where they cant hold their own body weight up without the help of those steel bars, still they reach and hunger for flesh. It has consumed them until they are less than human, less than even animal, until they are a species of terrifying creatures all their own.
	So put them out of their misery! I argued with enthusiasm. They were once humans. They were once someones father or mother, son or daughter. They were brothers and sisters and neighbors and bosses and employees. They had purpose in life, they had happiness and love. You are degrading them and decimating their memory! And their minds might be dead, but what about their souls? Their hearts still beat, their blood still pumps. How can you judge someones soul when he is technically still alive?
	Silence met me, heavy and meaningful. I had been holding Matthiass intimidating gaze while I made my speech but while his fury rolled off him in waves I shot Kane a quick glance to gauge his reaction. I expected his anger to match his fathers, but instead I found surprise and. something like admiration. 
	Well, hells bells yall, Matthias finally declared and his face broke out with a huge grin. His eyes were still ice and accusation though, when he finished in good-humor, I do believe we have a free thinker on our hands.
	Matthias, Linley chided.
	Kane, you are one lucky man, Son, Matthias smiled affectionately at him. Best to hold on to her, break that spirit as quick as you can.
	Miller snorted a laugh, making it his first contribution to the table. He actually looked amused at that. Little bastard.
	I sat in a kind of stunned disbelief at Matthiass outright rejection of different thoughts and ideas, but was gathering momentum quickly. I was like a building storm of wrath. I felt my emotions center and spike until I saw only red and felt only anger. 
	And then the strangest thing happened. 
	Kane put a hand on my shoulder. 
	The soft, simple gesture broke me from my spell and I turned in confusion to watch him address his father. Im not interested in a broken woman, father. I like Reagans spirit. Im drawn to her spunk and defiance. Shes like the life thats missing in this dead world, the fight that has depleted and rusted away. I would never take that away from her. 
	His thumb was rubbing a path back and forth across my shoulder blade and his smile was warm and familiar. His gray eyes were like silver with their intensity and his strong, cleanly-shaven jaw relaxed for the first time all day. He was the weirdest person Id ever met.
	And after knowing Hendrix, that was a feat he should win an award for.
	I really, truly felt this intense disgust for him. But in this moment he seemed to transcend that somehow. Yes, I hated Kane. But I also didnt hate him in this moment. 
	But in this moment only. 
	There was something more than hate, something like awe, but only because he perplexed me and I didnt know how to read him or what to expect from him.
	How cavalier, Matthias laughed. My son, the gentleman.
	After the meal, the entire assembly- of more than a hundred civilians and an equal number of guards helped clean up and finish the days chores. By the time Kane walked me back to his house, it was dark outside. The moon was bright in the sky tonight, illuminating our path as we walked slowly along the sidewalks.
	I was anxious to get back to his house so that I could start my escape, but I matched his pace and strolled leisurely through the empty streets. 
	When his elbow brushed against my arm I jumped, just stifling a squeak of panic. 
	He misinterpreted my reaction and reassured an idled fear since we entered this part of Arkansas. Theres no danger of Feeders here, Reagan. We cleared out all the land surrounding us and there are enough men walking the borders that no Zombie can get through.
	Youve never had a Zombie attack? I asked cynically.
	Not since the beginning, he promised. Its a science for us. 
	He led me up the porch stairs and through the painted red door into his big house. It seemed too big for two people. I could only imagine what it was like for him by himself. For a second, I felt sorry for him. I understood his need for companionship, to fill his house with any other sound than his own breathing. I didnt agree with it, but I understood it. 
	He walked me upstairs and gave me a toothbrush and toothpaste. Using bottled water I brushed and rinsed my teeth and used his comb to brush through my hair and put it back into a ponytail. I needed a shower, but that was a different problem for a different day. 
	He offered some of his clothes to sleep in, but I insisted on keeping my own- which prompted some obvious suspicion from him. 
	In an effort to placate him, I said, You cannot possibly expect me to give up my freedom so easily and accept this. this imprisonment, can you?
	He broke out into that charming smile again and shook his head. I guess not. He stepped past me into the bathroom and pulled out his own toothbrush. Wait for me? 
	I shrugged because I felt like I didnt have a choice, but the atmosphere in the small bathroom became intimate as he brushed his teeth thoroughly. I sat down on the useless toilet and watched him get ready for bed.
	I shouldnt have noticed the way he took care of his white teeth, or how his corded neck rippled and strained as he worked the toothbrush around each tooth carefully, but. there was nothing else to watch. When his teeth were cleaned, he pulled his t-shirt over his head and I was given a full show of his sculpted chest and back. 
	Holy hell, this guy was like the Incredible Hulk. And while steroid-strength had never really peeked my interest before, I found myself fascinated by each of his movements.
	Holy shit, in the past twelve hours Id come down with Stockholm syndrome. What the hell was wrong with me?  
	Okay, no wait On closer inspection of my feelings, I still maintained the good old revulsion and derision I always felt for him. I couldnt help it that he was nice to look at. 
	I shook my head and tried to look away but then he was taking out his contacts and if he wasnt such an asshole it would have been endearing. 
	Once the task was completed, he looked down at me with his black framed glasses on and I couldnt stop the smile. This was Clark Kent to his Superman.
	What? his mouth mimicked my soft expression.
	The glasses, I laughed. Theyre just not very intimidating.
	He held his hand out to me and I took it automatically. Pulling me to my feet he promised, Im not trying to intimidate you, Reagan.
	And in that idiotic moment, I believed him.
	He walked me to a room down the hall from the master bedroom and said, You can stay here until youre.. until youre more comfortable with being around me.
	I nodded, grateful in that moment that he was giving me this space and that I would be gone by tomorrow. 
	Thank you, I offered magnanimously. 
	He walked me into the room and gestured for me to sit down on the bed. I obeyed, but immediately tensed. 
	Out of his back pocket he pulled handcuffs and I gave a resigned sigh. I held them out in front of me and with big, Bambi eyes I asked, Can I at least keep my hands in front of me? If theyre behind my back youll have to cut them off by morning.
	He shook his head, lips twitching at my unintentional humor. He gestured toward the headboard and this time I let out a frustrated groan. 
	You wont try anything? I asked one last time before I obeyed. 
	Not a thing, he assured me. Not tonight.
	Swear it to me. Swear to me that if I put my hands above my head you wont touch.
	Reagan, I swear to you that I wont touch you tonight unless you give me permission. 
	I rolled my eyes but accepted his answer. He handcuffed my hands above my head and watched as I struggled to get comfortable on the bed. When he was satisfied he offered the blanket, which I declined and then he offered to take my shoes off. 
	Uh, no, thanks. He raised his brows at my answer and I saw the paranoia plant a seed behind his eyes. Trying to diffuse his mistrust I assured him, Its just that Ive slept with my shoes on for two straight years. I know you say this town is safe, but I need to see it for myself. I wont be able to sleep if I dont have them on. At least not yet.
	Accepting my answer he walked over to the door and turned around to take me in one more time. Reagan, I know this isnt ideal for you, but you are for me. I mean, you are ideal for me. I think you should give this, us, a chance. Your friends would have a chance, too, then. He left me alone, turning the light off and locking the door from the outside.
	He was way too good at the holding someone prisoner thing and I didnt even want to think about how many girls had come before me- or where they were today. Still, there was this underlying sweetness about him that promised in a different world, or a parallel universe, he had the potential to be a great guy. 
	Zombies had spread their infection to him, just like with everyone else on Earth, their decay touched and polluted everything good and right. Kanes life had been tainted and ruined. Now his actions were dependent only on what would keep him alive.
	And maybe I was one of those things. Maybe he didnt have the love and friendship I did. Maybe if he didnt force it into his life his brain and soul and spirit would fade away into death and decay. Maybe that would be the end of him.
	Coming out of my focused thoughts I finally pushed my body up into a bridge with my head as the anchor, using my former cheerleader flexibility. Forcing my chest as close to my hands as I could, I dug around in my bra with the very tips of my fingers and somehow managed to grab the key with just the pad of my middle finger and the nail of my ring finger. Careful not to drop the precious key, I sank back down to the bed and winced at the sound of creaking underneath me. 
	I held my breath and let the minutes tick by while I became positive Kane hadnt heard me. When I was confident there was no movement outside my door I bent my wrists and forced my fingers to cooperate until I heard the click of the lock releasing.
	With lightning fast speed I caught the cuffs as they fell from my wrists and pulled them free from the metal headboard. I slid to my feet and moved as quietly as I could to the window. I slid the pane up and jiggled the steel bars. Nothing. They were way too solid. 
	A little desperate now, I jiggled harder, hating that I was making so much noise, but not sure how to stop myself. I shook them more desperately, growling with frustration. 
	I heard Kanes heavy, rushed footsteps down the hall and then the padlock as he worked the key into it. A plan came to mind and I left the window wide open while I slunk back into the empty closet. I was shrouded by darkness now, hidden and out of plain sight. 
	Kane finally got the lock undone and threw the door open so that it banged on the wall next to me. I watched, hidden in the shadows, as his eyes took in the room and fell to the open window.
	No, he gasped and sprinted over to see for himself. I heard him curse under his breath, his drawn gun now lowered at his side. He reached out and gripped the bars, shaking for himself to see how I got through them. 	
	This was my chance, now or never.
	I moved stealthily from my hiding place, my heart in my throat and my breathing so loud I was shocked when he didnt turn around. With the cuffs still in my hand I slid my hunting knife from my ankle strap and flipped open the blade. 
	In two seconds and by the time I had my hunting knife pressed into Kanes kidneys, he was just turning to find me. 
	Dont move, I ordered. Unless, of course, you want me to take some of your vital organs with me on my way to Mexico?
	His breathing was heavy and angry, but he didnt move. 
	Put the safety on your gun, I demanded. When he didnt immediately comply I pressed my weapon into his muscled side and felt the knife slice at soft flesh and hard muscle. This time he obeyed. Throw it back on the bed.
	You wont even make it out of town, Kane warned. And if you try, by the time you make it back to me I will be beyond pissed. For your own sake, knock this off. Give up, Reagan. Be smart.
	Kane, I laughed bitterly. If I dont make it out of this town, I hope for my own sake you are pissed off and put me out of my misery.
	Now, now, Reagan, dont say things you dont mean, he taunted.
	I pushed the knife deeper into his side so that a steady stream of blood seeped through his white undershirt and coated the knife before it dripped down his side and pooled in the waistband of his boxers and baggy sweatpants. 
	Finally he threw the gun onto the bed without giving me any sign that I was hurting him. With the knife held in place I flicked the handcuffs around one of his wrists with expert like precision, looped it through the bars on the window and clasped it around his other wrist. 
	At the same time I removed the knife I jumped back out of his reach. He couldnt turn around fully to face me but I felt his angry stare as if he had branded my skin with it. 
	Thanks for the gun, I said chirpily as I picked it up off the bed. 
	Reagan, I will find you, he growled out, pulling desperately against the steel bars. The cuffs rattled against them and he continued to stare at them, as if he could cut them off with his laser vision. I will hunt you down until youre mine again.
	Do not hold your breath for that one, I answered flippantly. I started backing toward the door; I had to get out of here! 
	Good advice, he said dryly. Now let me give you some. Dont ever stay too long in any town because I will find you. Dont tell anyone your real name from here on out, or I will find you. And, with this statement hanging nervously in the air, he finally said, Dont ever, ever think you will be safe from me because there is no place in this world I would not go for you.
	Now thats just crazy, I laughed because I couldnt help myself. You just sit tight and Im sure some other poor, unsuspecting girl will pop up and you can hold her prisoner for the rest of her life.
	I dont think youre getting it-
	I held up my hand and shook my head. I dont really want to get it. I just want to go. I stepped through the door and breathed in deeply with relief. His keys were still in the padlock so I closed the door and clicked the lock shut. I heard his struggles as I took the staircase several stairs at a time. He was seriously stronger than me, and I suddenly doubted the durability of those steel bars.
Damn it.
And probably I should have gagged the man. 
Oh well, it was too late to go back now.
I fumbled with the front door lock but eventually found it. I let the padlock fall away but still opened the door carefully. The dark streets were quiet and stretched out in front of me in utter stillness. But I knew there were guards walking around everywhere and making it through the main part of town was going to be a bitch.
	Fear pelted my insides and my breathing whooshed inside my ears as I struggled not to panic. Somehow I pulled myself together and dug for nonexistent courage. I just had to get to the football field. If I could make it they would be waiting for me.
	Hendrix would be waiting for me.
	And with those thoughts propelling me forward I somehow managed to stay in the shadows of houses, trees and buildings and make it to the edge of the main street. The school was before me and beyond that, the football field. 
	I was catching my breath and watching as the guards paced in front of the school and fields. I had no idea how to get there from here, but I had to. I didnt have a choice. 
	And thats when Kanes booming shouts broke up the quiet night. For a moment I wondered what took him so long to start yelling, but I assumed it was pride. He thought he could catch me on his own, he thought he could hunt me down no matter what. 
	And when he realized he couldnt, he started yelling. His shouts boomed through the still air with ungodly intensity haunting the night with his inhumane anger. 
	Idiot. 
	Guards from all around me reacted and started running toward the sound. I clicked on the safety of Kanes gun and readied myself for a confrontation that never came. 
	There were still guards around though and I knew I had only precious seconds to move before Kane would catch up with me.
	I stepped into the light of the moon and took off sprinting for the fields. I mentally prepared myself to shoot at a living, breathing, non-infected human being, promising I would only maim them critically and try not to kill them.
	Two guards saw me moving and took off running so they could intercept me. I didnt know if they knew who I was or not, or if they just didnt like random people running around their town at night, but it didnt matter. I would shoot them if they tried to stop me. I would.
	I had no choice. 
	Still my hands were shaking with uncertainty and my palms were sweaty and slick. 
	Just as they were about to reach me with guns raised and ferocious looks contorting their expressions, the door to the school slammed open and Miller came running out, screaming and hollering. He was insane with it making as much noise as I had ever heard another person ever make. 
	But then I realized why.
	He had released the Zombies from inside the school.
	And he was drawing them outside. 
	I didnt know how he managed to get them all out, or by the looks of it at least most of them, but it didnt matter, because soon enough this town was going to be overrun with them. 
	Granted they could barely run and their bodies were hardly able to carry their weight. Some couldnt even manage that and they pulled themselves along the grass or cement with their elbows. Still, it was going to take a while to clean them up and the guards that had previously been in pursuit of me were now tasked with rounding up or finishing off the Zombies. 
	Get to safety, one of the guards ordered me.
	Sure thing, I grinned at his back and took off sprinting for the bleachers. Their shiny metal gleamed in the cold night like a beacon of hope, like a lighthouse during a terrible storm. If Miller was on his way, then Hendrix would already be waiting for me.
	I had to assume the Zombies were the last part of the plan. 
	And I was right. When I reached the base of the bleachers, a small party of people waited for me. I came to a stop as they stepped out of hiding and all eyed me with intense relief. 
	You made it, Vaughan breathed. 
	I made it, I smiled. 
	Beyond us, in the forest, we heard the static of walkie-talkies go off and as one, we stepped back in the shadows as more guards came running out of the woods. 
	A hand slipped into mine and the warmth and rightness I felt promised it was Hendrix. I looked up at him, into his dark eyes and shadowed face and just stared at his familiar outline. 
	Neither one of us said anything, but the hand clutching mine was both desperate and possessive, both needy and demanding. Tears flooded my eyes as I noticed the contrast between the disgust I felt for Kane and the pure safety I felt near Hendrix. He was my hope, my security, my future.
	Kane was vile. And gone. Out of my life for good. 
	We need to go, Tyler snapped. Now. 	
	None of us hesitated. We just sprinted back through the woods, our feet fast but stumbling over the rough terrain. We didnt encounter any guards, but only by luck and only by the genius plan to let the Zombies out. 
	They would notice we were gone in no time though and we needed to get as much space between us and them as possible. 
	By the time we were back on the familiar property of the farmhouse, my lungs and chest burned with the cool spring air and my legs were numb with exhaustion. My hand never left Hendrixs and I was sure I would never leave his side again. Not when something that f-ed up could happen in the span of twenty-four hours.
	Never did I want to feel like that again.
	Never did I want a shower as much as I did right now.
	Vaughan and Nelson burst into the house through the back door and Hendrix ordered Miller and Tyler to get in the minivan and sit in the captains chairs. I had no idea how we were all going to fit in a seven passenger van, but at this point we didnt have a choice. 
	I moved to follow Nelson and grab my backpack and make sure everyone was coming when Hendrix pulled back on my hand and yanked me against him. I crashed into his chest with a force that knocked what little breath I had left out of me. 
	My arms went around his waist instantly though and he clutched me to him so tightly it was painful.
	But I never wanted him to let go.
	Im so happy youre okay, he whispered into my ear. His hot breath floated against my skin and the sincerity of his voice plunged deeply into my chest. If they hurt you if they touched you-
	They didnt, I assured him quickly. I promise, they didnt. Im fine.
	Then there was movement again. Nelson came out of the house carrying a still sick Page and Haley was right behind him with her backpack and mine. Harrison and King followed with Nelson and Hendrixs packs and a few bags I didnt recognize. I hoped they were supplies. Vaughan was last and he ordered us all to get in the van. 
The bags were haphazardly thrown in the trunk and we squeezed in. Vaughan drove as usual, with Nelson in the front seat. Haley sat on the floor, her back pressed against the corner of Vaughans chair, with Page stretched out awkwardly in front of her. Past our new additions in the captains chairs, Harrison, King and Hendrix squeezed into the backseat and Hendrix pulled me onto his lap.
I curled up into him, relishing his warmth and savoring his touch. This felt right. This felt. good. I needed his strong, protective arms around me more than anything else.
And while Vaughan drove away, leaving the farmhouse and that horrible town hopefully forever in our wake, I allowed myself to breathe again.
	Only instead of the intense relief I wanted to feel, I felt the pinpricks and nauseous tingles of fear. I snuggled deeper into Hendrix, burying my face against the warmth of his skin and throwing my arms around his neck. 
	I took even breaths, keeping the panic attack at bay. But in my ears, Kanes inhuman roar of outrage echoed loudly and in my head all I could hear was his promise to find me. 
	Real fear, the realest Id ever felt, descended on me with a vice-like grip and I began to tremble. 
	Hendrixs soft words, whispered into my hair were the only thing that tethered me to sanity. Its over, Reagan. Theyll never touch you again. Theyll never see you again. Youre okay. Youre with me. Ill keep you safe. 
Over and over he whispered promises into my ear, my heart, my soul. And slowly they seemed to make a difference. Eventually I stopped shaking, eventually I stopped panicking. 
I was safe now.
I was with people that cared about me.
And they were all safe, too.
The additions to our group made me nervous, but taking in Millers broken, abused body, I knew we made the right decision to bring them. 
We rode in tense silence as we waited for someone to find us or hunt us down. But no one ever came. By the time we hit the Oklahoma border a few hours later, dangerously low on gas and strung out from a night without sleep, we had at least started to believe the worst was behind us.
My heart slowed its rapid rhythm and I decided about thirty minutes ago I was never leaving Hendrixs lap. Never.
That was a crazy night, Nelson broke the silence first.
Never again, Vaughan said adamantly.
Never again, Tyler echoed hopefully.
And in my ear, so that only I could hear, Hendrix whispered, Never again. His words were a promise.
His words were a soothing balm on my torn apart heart. 
I had held out a lot of hope for my fellow humans over the last two years. For as long as there had been people there had been conflict, but there also had been solutions. We were facing the first generation since the beginning of time that had potentially found a problem it could not overcome.
	And instead of banding together to defeat this foe by force, we gave up and turned to tyrants and relinquished our freedom. I saw this first with Gary and his encampment of militia, and now with Matthias and his communist cult of insanity. 
	But that could never be me. I could never hand over my free will and spirit and let someone else take control. This world was diseased with poisoned death, but I would never let it touch me. I would choose unrestricted life. I would independently choose love.
	My hand slid up Hendrixs throat and I cupped his scruffy jawline. Never again.

Episode Six

Chapter One
686 Days after initial infection

	Holy shit! King shrieked like a girl, like a squealing, frightened, out-of-her-mind-with-terror girl. I was pretty sure he couldnt even blame it on puberty at this point. The yelping scream that just ripped from his lungs was pure, panicked fear. 
	The sound of a gun, loud and ringing in my ear, overpowered both King and the Feeder that almost made a snack out of his face. I sucked in a deep breath and shook my head at him. 
	That was close, I panted and struggled to catch my breath. King wasnt the only one scared out of his mind. 
	He dropped his smoking gun, Fu-
	Cuss jar, I whispered and raised my arms to prepare for our next encounter. 
	I didnt finish, he murmured with a ragged breath. 
	Are you okay? I peered into the darkness and prayed that this aisle would be safe. Please be safe. Please be safe. Please be safe. 
	Im fine, he assured me quickly. Just a little uh, I didnt see that one. 
	Me neither, I consoled him. But good shot. 
	Ive found its hard to miss when theyre four inches from your face. 
	I stifled a laugh, but I had to agree. Still, you didnt panic. The giggle Id been suppressing finally bubbled out and I added. Much. 
	Shut it, he growled, which only made me laugh harder. 
	I pulled myself together and focused on the task at hand. K, ready for this?
	Nope, he replied honestly.
	One, two-
	And he was around the corner before I could get to three. I was supposed to go first. We were supposed to be taking turns. But he kept jumping in front of me whenever it was my turn. I supposed he thought he was chivalrous, but the last Feeder had practically licked his face before he got his shot off. 
	King, I raced around the corner and scolded him on a harsh whisper. Youre supposed to let me go first. 
	We walked past empty shelves and looted flats of whatever was supposed to be re-stocked in Aisle 8. Our footsteps were silent on the linoleum floor, except where we stepped on something left over from the previous looters. It was almost completely dark in the abandoned Publix where wed stopped for the night, and we were going aisle to aisle clearing out remaining Feeders before we set up for the night.
	Pretty sure Hendrix would murder me if I let something happen to you, he shrugged. 
	I growled out a few choice words of my own.
	Cuss jar, he sing-songed. 
	Well, what do you think he would do to me if I let something happen to you? I demanded.
	Put you over his knee and spank you? King asked with fake innocence.
	Oh, my god, I said at full volume. 
	What? More pretend innocence. 
	That was so perverted coming from you, I pointed out. Im just surprised. 
	Reagan, Im fifteen. Youre surprised that I said something mildly off-color? 
	Off-color? Yes, no, wait, on your left! Suddenly we were both firing after the creature crawling through the darkness. Yeesh, this one didnt have any legs. I shivered, avoiding any prolonged interaction with it as it bled out on the cold floor.
	One, two- I counted again, but he was already around the corner. Damn it, King! I hissed as I followed him.
	Listen, hes already going to be super pissed that we got split up, King argued in a fierce whisper. And I could see his point. 
	Wed stormed this grocery store like a SWAT team, well, like a hungry, filthy, cranky SWAT team with a meager one-gun a piece and about one hundred bullets among us all. I was following my usual protocol of being Hendrixs Zombie-cide Brutality Buddy, when we were bombarded by Feeders. We got split up in the mayhem; he ended up on one side of the cash registers and me on the other. There were too many Zombies for him to fight my decision as I ran off after his youngest brother, but I had a feeling we were going to have words later. 
	I could hardly wait. 
	Oh no, that was wrong. I could wait. I could definitely wait. 
	Well, he should pay more attention, I sniped. If he cant keep tabs on me, then he doesnt deserve me. I was mostly just saying that aloud to hear myself talk because I believed none of it. Nor did I think we were into that dangerous place of being actually serious about each other, other than hoping the other one survived the day, and the night and the next day and so forth and so on. 
	King snorted. Im the wrong person for you to talk to about this. Dont you have a friend?
	Yes, I have a friend, I confirmed, hiding my smile.
	And, not that I care about my brother or his wacked-out sex life, but I think it was the multitude of Zombies obstructing his way back to you, not his lack of determination.
	Oh no. 
	Oh no, I exhaled an irritated breath. Youre smart, arent you? 
	Im not joking, Reagan, I think it was the Zombies that made him run in the other direction. 
	No, thats not what I mean. I mean, I know thats why he went the other way. And I didnt say smart ass; I mean youre intellectual, you have a big brain, and all of your gray matter is firing on all four cylinders.
	I dont think that metaphor is right, he countered. 
	Ok, brainiac, I rolled my eyes even though he couldnt see me.
	I have no idea. He raised his arms, stiff and straight ahead of him, I didnt even finish seventh grade. But probably Im just average.
	Whats with all the big words then? I dropped my voice back down to a whisper, not so much so that the Zombies wouldnt hear me, but so I could hear them coming.
	Just wanted to see if I could still use them, he shrugged in the dim light. I figured you could at least understand them.
	My chest tightened. These kids needed to use their brains for more than just killing and foraging. Was he practicing big words on me? Then he for sure was desperate. Although I doubted any of his brothers wanted to sit around and have deep, philosophical conversations with him just so he wouldnt forget to make complete sentences or use basic English. I thought about Page and wondered if she could even read. 
	Holy hell, I bet she couldnt! She was only six when the infection ruined everything for everyone. She might have a few words down, but there was no way she could read a book by herself, even an age-appropriate book. 
	I wasnt exactly the brightest crayon available, but Haley was. She could help.
	Probably youre going to regret having this conversation with me, I grinned at Kings back.
	He let out a huff of impatience and fired his gun- one shot, two three dead. His fourth kill of the night and I hadnt had a clean kill yet. Brat. 
	Probably. 
	Something grabbed one of my backpack straps, and I spun around screaming and waving my gun around wildly. 
	Dont shoot! Miller shouted while covering his head with his hands.
	I screamed again, but this time it was a rush of relief and a whoosh of exhaled adrenaline. Holy shit, Miller! 
	Cuss jar, King nudged me in the shoulder, but it was with his gun, meaning he had been about to shoot, too.
	I ignored him, You cannot, under any circumstances, just sneak up on somebody! I scolded him, but my argument was lost somewhere in my breathlessness and the hand clutching my heart.
	Youre so jumpy, Miller pointed out.
	And youre not jumpy enough, I ground out. 
	Tyler sauntered up behind Miller, looking entirely too-casual, as well. They were both like this, neither of them all that frightened of the Zombies lurking around every single, f-ing corner. They were desensitized because theyd never lived on the streets, never had to spend the night looking over their shoulder or been forced to kill over and over to stay alive. They had enjoyed completely cush lives until four days ago. 
	Even their fear of Zombies was mild. The Feeders they were used to were locked up in steel cages, weak with hunger and teetering on the brink of death. Id like to think the last few days had opened their eyes to the reality of this world, but they seemed slow to get motivated. 
	I couldnt tell yet if it was denial or stupidity. 
	I was inclined to believe it was stupidity, but that had more to do with a certain girl around my age that was very difficult to get along with, and I was in no way talking about Haley.
	Whats the matter? Tyler asked in that bored tone she was famous for. 
	Your brother just almost lost his head, I ground out.
	You wouldnt have shot me, right, Reagan? Miller asked with that adorable, thick southern accent he had. His bruises were healing, but his face was still a bizarre mixture of purple and yellow. He was clearly a bit traumatized from his time with his family, and we were working to normalize life for him, as easy as that was when we were constantly moving around and shooting at things most of the day. 
	I gave King a desperate look, and he stifled a laugh. Dude, she kills everything. Id watch out. 
	How barbaric, Tyler drawled. 
	She was next. At that moment, I decided she was next. I was going to kill her next. 
	Reagan, from behind me. He was angry. And shouting. And Hendrix. 
	So obviously, the store was officially cleared.
	I spun around, already bristling at the lecture to come. So I decided to strike first, If you want me to stay next to you Hendrix, then you shouldnt just walk away from me. You shouldnt just abandon me and make me come find you later. Maybe you should stay next to me!
	Oh, boy, King groaned. 
	This again? Tyler asked incredulously and sashayed off, ready to eviscerate someone else with her biting southern charm.
	I looked for popcorn, Miller announced to King. But I couldnt find any.
	Thats too bad, King muttered. Maybe we should go looking again. Ge led the boy away from what was sure to be an epic fight. 
	Hendrix was standing in front of me by now, towering over me. His body was coiled firmly with tension, each muscle in his lean arms bulging and rippling as he struggled to control his temper. His long neck corded tightly as he worked to swallow, and those bright blue eyes pinned me in place even while I couldnt make out their exact color in the poor lighting from the dirty windows at the front of the store.
	I didnt leave you, he growled. I did what was necessary for the group as a whole.
	I understand that. I gave him the best of my sarcastic benevolence even while I tucked my gun away and folded my arms across my chest so he could feel the full force of my attitude. My point is that maybe you shouldnt get so angry with me, when clearly you are the one that left me! I did my part-
	Dont start with me, he cut me off. You have one mission in this life and its to stay next to me! You cant just suddenly go rogue and go off with another guy! Im the one thats supposed to protect you!
	Okay, so it didnt take a genius to figure out that we were arguing about something completely different than what was on the surface. We had a few unresolved issues, to put it lightly. But even though I knew we both had deeper disputes than this grocery store, it didnt seem like either of us was capable of getting over them. Wed been bickering almost constantly since we got out of that stupid town.
	And it all started because he asked me why Id gone off with Kane! 
	Like I had some kind of choice about it!
	Is that what I did? I asked dryly. I went off with another guy, who also happens to be your fifteen-year-old brother! I was protecting King!
	He took a step toward me. Suddenly his entire aura changed. Gone was the angry, irrational Hendrix and in his place was a smoldering, protective, magnetic man that was absorbing me into his gravitational pull before I had a chance to think about it. I shivered at the change in the atmosphere around us as fury turned to sparking electricity. My breaths were heavy and uneven, my hands slightly trembling. Our bodies were just breaths apart as his chest brushed against mine with every inhale of his lungs. 
	His hand reached up and brushed down my cheek to hold my jaw gently in his calloused hand. But whos going to protect you? His voice was achingly tender; my stomach immediately flip-flopped and erupted with tingling heat. 
	I pressed my lips together in an effort to find some sanity. My mind was spinning after the panic and terror from fighting Zombies, to the blinding anger and now to something different. something entirely. more. 
	Reagan, he sighed, his voice like rough gravel. Goose bumps pebbled my forearms, and my stomach took another dip. He had me on pins and needles with his consuming energy and orbit of intensity. He was telling me something, not just with his words but his entire being, and every part of my body and soul was in tune with what he was about to say. Im-
	What are you two doing? Nelson asked impatiently from behind Hendrix. 
	Hendrixs hand clenched on my jaw, and his mood swung again from whatever it was just a second ago to raw irritation. I was a little nervous for Nelson.
	And depressed that we got interrupted again.
	I had lost count of how many times he seemed on the verge of confessing something important to me, and someone would walk in the room, or wake up, or sit down between us. 
	Zombies were ruining my life!
	I used my last bullet on my final kill, Hendrix whispered to me on a growl. His forehead dropped to mine, and his hands moved to clutch my shoulders. We were closer than we were before, but the intimacy of the moment was gone. And while I enjoyed being held like this, Nelson wasnt finished.
	You can have mine, I whispered back.
	Were making our way to the deli. Theres a freezer back there that we are clearing out, Nelson was firm and impatient. And while I understood the need to stay together and get somewhere safe, I resented it. 
	But then maybe Nelson did too. Ever since he and Haley had decided to make it official, he had been particularly irritable.
	Of course, theyd gotten the same amount of alone time as Hendrix and me, which was none. Not that Hendrix and I were a couple. So I could understand some of his building frustration.	
	Well be right there, Hendrix announced, but it sounded very close to a warning.
	Nope, Nelson replied firmly. Not a chance. If I cant have three goddamned minutes alone with Haley, my girlfriend; no way in hell do you get a special time out with your girlfriend.
	I laughed. He was right.
	Hendrix let out a tired sigh but straightened, ready to comply. Apparently he saw Nelsons logic too. He leaned into me though and surprised me with a lingering kiss to my forehead. It was soft and sweet, and I melted a little bit. How could I not?
	Taking my hand, he led the way after Nelson. There was even less light near the deli, and the smell was foul. 
	When people went about looting what was left of food and clothes, they often overlooked things that would go bad, like lunch meat and deli salads. Obviously this store had been abandoned in the middle of some business hours. In the time since that no doubt dreadful day, the dry food and paper products had been taken, or most of them anyway. And the fresh food- produce, frozen items, refrigerated items and anything and everything deli related were all left behind.
	That made this place smell ripe. Initially, we were hit with the sickly sweet smell of rotten fruit and vegetables and eggs and dairy products in the refrigerated section. There was also a healthy mixture of animal feces and something terrifying coming from one of the bathrooms.
Most of us were otherwise engaged with shooting and killing to pay much attention. But now back in the deli with different salads still laid out in display cases and dripping, disgusting hunks of lunch meat only partially eaten away by mice, maggots or worse, I felt the familiar gag reflex that seemed to haunt my every waking moment during this Apocalypse. 
	I followed Hendrix around the employee entrance and side-stepped piles of trash. The trash was either from the previous looters or cardboard boxes that had been dragged into place by some animal, most-likely rats.
	Oh, no. This place was prime territory for rats. 
	Cue the ominous music and montage of Reagans worst fears. 
	We had a long night ahead of us. 
	You made it, Vaughan greeted us with a smile. 
	Did you doubt? I asked with fake offense. 
	A little, he laughed. 
	I am a Zombie-killing machine, Vaughan Parker. I scowled at him.
	He chuckled again, Oh, no. I knew youd be fine against the Zombies. I just wasnt so sure youd survive Hendrix after you abandoned him.
	My eyes narrowed on Vaughan for skillfully rekindling Hendrixs anger flame.
	He turned to look at me over his shoulder and with raised eyebrows exclaimed, See!
	Stupid boys, I grumbled and yanked my hand from Hendrixs. 
	Changing the subject, Vaughan thrust something into each of our hands. Zombies are bad But this, uh, this might be worse.
	Oh no. 
	I looked down to see a spray bottle of Lysol Disinfectant in my hands. Okay, so sometimes they were clever boys. Of course, this wouldnt have been top on any looters list of necessities. But it would make tonight bearable and sanitizingly safe.
	At least tell me the door was sealed and shut this entire time, I pleaded. 
	Sure, Ill tell you, Vaughan grinned again. But it wont be the truth. He turned to the side and gestured toward the walk in freezer. And no using bullets on the beasties! We cant waste the ammo!
	I quit. I quit right now. I am officially done with the Zombie Apocalypse. Nothing could make me go in there. Not one single thing. 
	Reagan, if you dont get by my side right this second, Im going to send whatever creatures are in there after you, Hendrix threatened with only the faintest hint of amusement coloring his tone. 
	Obviously he wanted me to punch him in the kidney.
	Vaughan jumped in, It will be like the running of the bulls in Pamplona! Only with rats.
	Haley! I shouted into the dark space. I could see shadows of people beyond Dumb and Dumber, but couldnt make out which one was Haley. Get your things, were leaving. 
	Thats fine with me, she shouted back. 
	Get your ass over here, Hendrix demanded. He stalked back to me and looped a hand around my waist. I was too disgusted with our current predicament to feel butterflies or tingling sensations or acknowledge any reaction my body had to his caressing touch; I was way too distracted. I didnt even squirm at all. Or not much anyway. 
	I cant do it, Hendrix, I whispered. 
	Yes, you can, he argued. His voice was low and assuring, but firm as well. He wasnt going to let me give into fear. And that was one of the reasons I respected him so much. Do I need to remind you that you are bad ass. He smirked down at me. Even Im a little afraid of you.
	I let my forehead drop to his chest and felt the rhythmic beating of his heart against my skin. I wrapped my arms around his waist and let his words soak in as I simultaneously relished this moment with him.
	Things were changing between us just like hed promised. We were going slowly, so, so slowly. But I couldnt deny there was something there, couldnt ignore that he affected me, mind, body, spirit. I was scared of it, resigned to it and anxious for it all at once. It was like at the same time I was pulling away from him, I was also pushing into him, testing the limits, discovering how much I could move him like he moved me.
	And with every new moment between us, my heart stirred a little bit faster in my chest, my stomach dropped further to my toes and my soul swelled with this awareness of him and everything he did to me.
	I was a mess.
	And a girl.
	It was weird acknowledging that the fickle-female-idiocy didnt disappear with the introduction of Zombies in my life. 
	I can do this, I echoed on a shaky voice. 
	You can do this. His voice was authoritative, but the gentle brush of his hand along my spine was tenderly comforting. 
	Did you just cave? Haley asked in an annoyed voice. She was standing directly next to us and when I looked over at her, her backpack was strapped on and she was wearing a ball cap to hide her long blonde hair. 
	Sorry. And I was. He made me feel like Superwoman.
	She let out a loud groan and a vile curse word. 
	Hales! I gasped. Hendrix chuckled at her foul mouth, and I felt the vibration of his body all over mine. 
	If one of these bastards even brushes up against my leg I am going to lose my shit! 
	Please dont lose your shit, I giggled.
	She tore the Lysol bottle from my hand and stomped back over to Nelson who I shouted, Were you really going to leave me, woman! He sounded pissed. 
	Wait, Tylers voice interrupted us. What are yall talking about? She sounded so self-assured and confident. It was a trait I was kind of envious of. She could barely shoot a gun, and her ignorance was dangerous, but she took everything in stride with an attitude that made her seem superior in every way. 
	I mean; she was also highly obnoxious, but I had to admire her moxie. 
	Rats, Hendrix explained easily. 
	She gasped, Where? 
	In the freezer. He nodded his head in that direction. 
	The freezer were planning on spending the night in? 
	I couldnt see her face clearly, but I felt her eyes narrow on Hendrix and his offensive words. 
	The very one, he said seriously.
	Hell, no, was her reply. Lets go Miller.
	Miller sauntered over to her without a care in the world. He obeyed her every word, which was endearing since Id seen the same thing from Page. But it was also annoying since Tyler could in no way stack up to any of the Parkers and their survival instincts.
	Where are you going? Hendrix asked, trying not to laugh. 
	Were going to wait outside, she explained simply. My mouth gaped open; she could not be serious. 
	There are Feeders outside, I finally reminded her. 
	Ill take my chances, thank you very much, she snipped back.
	Oh, no. I dug deep, like center of the Earths core kind of deep, for patience and understanding and empathy. But even in my vastest, most-benevolent stores of emotion, I could not come up with anything to offer this girl.
	If I have to fight the rats, you have to fight the rats.
	Hendrixs arms tightened around my waist as if he needed to restrain me. I wasnt going to fight this girl, at least not physically. Now pushing her into the freezer, armed with her glossy black hair and her manicured fingernails was an entirely different thing.
	Whats the problem? Vaughan asked sounding truly confused. 
	Before she could get a word out of her pouty mouth, I explained for her, Tyler doesnt want to face the rats. She wants to wait outside until weve done the dirty work for her.
	Outside? Vaughan exclaimed. Are you crazy?
	No, Im not crazy! she hissed. You are all crazy! Why did you pick a place to stay the night with rats! Ive already dealt with Zombies today! I havent had a bath in four days! You are forcing me to shoot at things, and Im hungry!  So no, I dont want to deal with rats! Id rather take my chances with the Zombies! This never ends! 
	Her voice ended on a shriek of anger. She was visibly shaking. I could make out her trembling petite form in the dark, and my anger relented, but only because I could finally see how afraid she was. She had been mostly sheltered from this entire aspect of life until four days ago when all she had wanted to do was escape that awful town and her suffocating prison. I couldnt expect her to catch on to advanced survivor tactics in the short time shed been allowed. And I was just as disgusted and terrified of the rats as anyone so I could see where she was coming from.
	Vaughan on the other hand could not.
	It never ends? He took a step toward her and growled out his rhetorical question. Of course it never ends! We are fighting for our lives, Tyler, not taking a vacation! Of course, it never ends! How could it? And those rats? He waved his arm behind him, gesturing toward the freezer that I would be forced to face in just minutes. Those rats are the least of your problems if you even think about walking out that door! 
	Oh yeah? she countered. Whos going to stop me?
	I waited for Vaughan to come back with something like, I am, or some threatening response, but he never said anything. He just stared down at her while she glared defiantly up at him. His hands flexed and clenched at his sides, and his breathing picked up a little. But he never answered her question. Finally, with a frustrated shouty growl he turned around and stalked off, muttering something about a spoiled, impossible woman.
	Tyler turned on her heel and stomped off in the opposite direction.
	I looked up at Hendrix with a furrowed brow and concerned eyes. He just smiled down at me, all goofy and big and gave me a kiss on the forehead, another kiss on the forehead. 
	I was starting to be concerned that he was confused about where my lips were located. 
	Come on, killer, its time to go play Rat Busters, he laughed and let go of me.
	Was that another joke? I asked trying to stifle my laughter, not at his lame attempt at humor, but at the fact that he was actually trying to be funny.
	I can be funny, he huffed, sounding genuinely offended. 
	I laughed then because he was being funny now and in my most-patronizing tone I assured him, Of course, you can be.
	Here, Harrison pushed items into our hands as soon as we were standing with everyone else in front of the huge, walk-in freezer.
	I looked down at the long item that was apparently supposed to be my weapon and stopped laughing immediately. It was a mop. He expected me to kill rats with a mop.
	However, apparently a mop was one of the better weapons. 
	What is this? Hendrix demanded next to me. A pool noodle?
	I looked over at the long foam purple noodle and burst into more laughter. 
	With a completely straight face, Harrison looked at his older brother and said, Youre resourceful. Youll make it work. 
	They must have been getting ready for summer before the infection happened, King added helpfully. He held a pool skimmer so his assessment couldnt have been too far off.
	Thanks for clearing that up for me, Hendrix growled.
	Okay, heres the plan, Vaughan asserted authoritatively. I will open the freezer door and Hendrix and I will chase everything out here. Its your job to either kill it or get it out of the store.
	What kind of meal do you think we could make out of rat? Harrison asked thoughtfully. 
	Everyone ignored him.
	Haley stays with Page, Vaughan continued. King go stand by the front door and get ready to open it. Nelson, Harrison and Reagan get ready to chase them. 
	We moved into action. Haley climbed up onto the metal work table where someone had laid Page. She pushed aside a huge meat slicer and sat casually, ready to enjoy the show and way too proud of herself for getting out of the dirty work. 
	Hendrix walked over to where a sink was mounted on the wall next to the freezer and exchanged his pool noodle for a big push broom. King took the pool skimmer off to the front of the store; Harrison readied his smaller-sized broom to the left of the freezer. I went to stand next to him and across from Nelson and his I didnt really know what it was like. Possibly something that hung from the end of racks in order to promo things? It looked like a miniature ladder with hooks on the end. He was also holding a substantial knife in his hand.
	I had knives too, but I didnt plan on getting close enough to whatever came out of that freezer to use them.
	Vaughan counted down with his hands; three, two one. He hesitated for a moment longer, exhaled a steadying breath and flung the door open. 
	I immediately gagged on the stronger scent of everything rotten and frozen inside. I pulled my shirt up over my nose and tried concentrating on anything else but the smell. I could almost see the cloying green fumes escaping the rotted place, like I was living in a cartoon. My shirt helped block the smell some but only because I did not smell so hot these days either. I had my own rotten stench to deal with these days.
	There was the sound of Hendrix and Vaughan stomping around in the dark freezer, making as much noise as they could. Then there were more sounds as their weapons struck the ground and the various places the rats could make their nest in. 
	Finally, there was the sound of squeaking and scurrying little feet, nails scratching against the tiled floor. 
	Here we go, I shuddered, just in time to swing my mop, brush side down, out at the rodent charging for me. I let out a shriek of terror and waved the huge creature on toward Nelson. He jumped up as it charged in his general direction but somehow shooed it toward the exit. 
	I didnt have time to figure out how he was corralling it toward the entrance before three more human-sized rats bolted out of the freezer. Their eyes reflected off the little bit of light from the windows, and their thick, naked pink tales swished angrily behind them. They were pissed at our forced eviction and wanted to sink their sharp, jagged teeth into something. 
	Like my leg.
	I screamed again and forced myself to stop thinking about how scary they were. I needed to be brave and it was easier to find courage if I stopped dwelling on the fear.
	This time I held my mop out in front of me and swatted one of the huge rodents away. He tilted and skidded on his side but righted himself soon enough.
	He didnt come back, just kept running. Hendrix appeared on the other side of me and together we somehow kept up with the rats with outstretched arms and make-shift weapons and were able to cage them through the store in somewhat of a hockey-player-passing type of manner. They were like our pucks, and we were like passing them back on forth. 
	Hendrix and I worked with two of these and Harrison and Vaughan followed behind with two more. Plus, there was the one that Nelson had. This was what my life had been reduced to- killing Zombies point blank one minute and chasing filthy rats the next. I remembered when my days consisted of making sure my toenail polish matched my outfit and stressing over pre-cal homework. 
	This was not a step forward.
	I felt a tug on my shoe and looked down to see one of the rats behind me had latched on. I screamed again. Forget being courageous! This thing could give me rabies! Or worse the black plague! 
	I kicked my leg back and whined out a pathetic cry for help when I heard a whistle sound through the air. Something connected with the rat behind me, knocking my foot back to the ground and making a sickening splat sound of the rat losing its well-fought life.
	I looked back over my shoulder and saw Harrison standing over the now-dead rat, brains sprayed under the hard broom handle. I gagged; I couldnt help it.
	With Harrison predisposed with his prey, Vaughans other rat ran off in a different direction. He pursued it, while Hendrix and I did our best to herd our rat-cattle out the front door. 
	Just as we came into sight, King flung the door open and out went the two rats. We stopped chasing them at the door, and they scurried off into the evening. Hendrix and I jumped out of the way just in case someone else would come barreling through and I held up my hand for a high five. 
	Before he could return the gesture, Harrison walked forward carrying the concaved rat by his tail. The door swung open, and Tyler and Miller slipped back in the store, lowering the guns wed given them. And just as the door closed again, there was a loud thud sound and a shout of proud laughter. I jumped at the sound, my shoulders popping up to my chin in disgust. Then I closed my eyes until I heard boxes falling, a shelf being knocked over, a string of curse words and a whack so loud it sounded like a hammer on steel. 
	We stood stock still, all of us feeling a sense of accomplishment at the same time we were disgusted by the necessity for that brutal approach. We stayed at the front door until both Vaughan and Nelson reappeared, each carrying their bloodied trophy by their tail. 
	You people are sick, Tyler groaned. 
	Because your people are so much better, Vaughan growled as he walked by her. He wiggled his rat just as he passed by her and smiled at her blatant disgust. 
	So they werent going to be best friends any time soon. 
	I left the boys to deal with the dead rats and walked back to find Haley. Page was curled up on the top of the table in a fetal position. She was pale- even with the lack of light; I could tell she was white as paper. Haley was stroking her hair, staring down at a little girl just barely recovering. 
	Miller had come through with the antibiotics, but Page was slow to mend. Whatever he gave us was probably a couple years expired anyway and not what it should be. But she was improving slowly day by day.
	The exploding sound of arguing erupted in the otherwise quiet store.
	Do you think Vaughan and Tyler are going to do this all night? Haley asked on a groan.
	No, I answered confidently. I think after Tyler realizes we are cleaning out the freezer first, this night is going to get a whole lot worse.

Chapter Two

	We went to work on the freezer then. It seemed somewhat meaningless to put this much effort into a place to stay for just one night. But Haley and I had learned, and apparently the Parkers too, that freezers made great places to spend the night. They were pretty impenetrable from Zombies who had lost the basic motor functions of turning a handle, they dampened sound but didnt block it completely, and they didnt let any delicious live flesh scent drift through the air. We could all be cuddled in here and have a relatively peaceful night. 
	Ever since we crossed into Oklahoma the Zombie population had kicked up a few notches. Travel had been slow, what was left of our ammo depleting rapidly and no one had slept a full night through in several days. I was exhausted and desperate for a few peaceful hours in a row. 
	I wasnt certain how I was even functioning right now. I hadnt had more than two hours of consistent sleep since before Page was sick and once that happened I spent almost forty-eight hours awake.
	Adrenaline and the will to survive would get me through the tense moments and pure stubbornness through all the rest. 
	Everyone else was just as bad, so it wasnt like I could really complain. In fact, the only ones of us getting much sleep were Page and Miller. Page did because she wasnt capable of much else. And Miller because well, sometimes I wondered if he was narcoleptic. The kid had the most-incredible ability to fall asleep whenever, wherever. And nothing could wake him up. Two days ago we ran into a pack of three Feeders and a stretch of road that was in absolute pieces, so we were forced to put them down. And the whole time of gunshots, Feeders shrieking and moaning, our screams and Vaughans orders, he just slept peacefully on the floor of the van. He didnt even wake up until after we were back in the van and counting the ammo again. 
	It was a true talent. 
	One that would probably get him brutally killed, but still, a talent all the same.
	Cleaning out the freezer was pretty easy work. We had all the cleaning supplies and rags we needed, and most of the rotten food was at least in containers. We just piled it in a corner on the opposite side of the store. There were several dead Zombies lying around; it wasnt like we were concerned with making a compost pile. And it gave the maggots more of a selection, which begged the question, could maggots be turned into Zombies? 
	The rats nest was the worst to deal with so I gladly handed that job over to the boys. King had secured the front doors, but that wouldnt hold off a horde if we werent careful. 
	The space wasnt very big and with all of us, except Tyler, working hard we had removed the food, wiped down the walls, pulled out the shelves, swept all of the poop out and mopped the floor in under two hours. 
	The light had completely vanished by now, but inside the solid walls of the freezer we were brave enough to turn on a few battery-operated camping lanterns. And by the time we rigged the door so that we wouldnt get locked inside, our home was made. 
	We sat around the two small lanterns and leaned against the freshly cleaned walls. Our small cave smelled like lemon and clean, and the scent was soothing. I hadnt smelled something this disinfected in a long time. 
	Haley and Nelson passed out dinner,  a solid pull-top can of tuna for everybody thanks to items the looters did not take from this particular Publix, a roll of crackers rationed among us all and blue Gatorades.
	If I ate the tuna fast enough, I didnt have to taste it because it was definitely disgusting, but at least it had protein.
	All in all, we were going to bed only a little bit hungry, and that was a good thing.
	Is this how you always eat? Tyler asked on a sneer from across the circle.
	Haley was on my left with Page in her lap and she laughed lightly, Not always. I havent had Gatorade in months.
	And Nelson was generous with the crackers tonight. Harrison sounded genuinely thankful.
	It was true, though; there were more crackers apiece than usual. I wondered if someone had found more here or if we were celebrating the fact that nobody died today.
	How do you honestly expect to survive on this crap? She was so spoiled, almost unforgivably so. Especially in the cruel world we lived in, where hardship was a part of every single moment. But, in a weird, annoying way, I got her point. These were the same questions Id asked myself for the first six months, maybe the first year. I wasnt sure when Id stopped believing wed never make it and started assuming we could, that we suddenly possessed all the tools necessary to stay alive. 
	This life took an adjustment physically, mentally and emotionally. She wasnt going to get that overnight.
	However she didnt have to be such a bitch about it.
	We dont have a choice, I answered poignantly.
	I cannot believe I left The Colony for this shit, she grumbled. 
	Is that what you call it? Hendrix asked from next to me.
	She snorted a sarcastic laugh, Yes, my dad thought it was a throwback to like the original thirteen colonies.
	That met grunts of acknowledgment. None of us was really ready to talk about her dad or his collection of Zombies or his prison camp-esque colony. 
	Least of all me.
	I felt Hendrixs hand inch forward until our pinky fingers brushed against each other. Slowly he swept his up the length of mine and back down again. The gesture was meant to comfort, and it did. I leaned back so that our shoulders were only an inch apart and gave him a sweet smile. There was no reason for me to still be afraid of The Colony or anyone in it. We had escaped. We were miles away now, and there was no way for anyone to really track us. 
	I was safe.
	Well, as safe as I could be.
	Still my mind fell back to Kane just like it did every single moment of silence since wed left that settlement. His angry gray eyes haunted me. His cleanly-groomed hair, his straining muscles as he stood handcuffed to that bedroom window all shown clearly in my mind. And the promises in his calm, orderly tone made me shudder. 
	Logically I knew there was no way for him to find me.	
	Emotionally my thoughts kept tripping over his threats and the determined intent on his face. He meant what he said. I knew that in the core of my soul. Whether he could accomplish it was a different thing but without a doubt, without any hesitation, I knew he would try. 
	And that created a well of fear in my chest that I couldnt ignore, that I couldnt overcome. 
	But I didnt understand why. 
	He hadnt hurt me. He hadnt even touched me. And he had done nothing but protect me. 
	Apart from the whole princess-locked-in-a-tower complex I picked up while I was with him, he had treated me with careful respect and never once tried to push boundaries or force me into something dangerous or harmful. 
	So why was I so afraid of him?
	Why was I so afraid of what he wanted from me?
	Finished with your dinner? Hendrix asked in my ear. His words were casual, but his tone was deep and sensual. I shivered a little as his hot breath floated over my ear and down the column of my throat. 
	I am, I answered. He reached out, and I handed him my trash so he could pass it around to the communal trash can. 
	It was good, wasnt it? 
	I turned half way around so I could face him. I crossed my legs in front of me and picked up one of his hands to play with. He stared down at me with something so warm, something so scorching and consuming my body felt on fire from his attention. 
	I laughed, No, it was awful. 
	Sounds awful, he sympathized with the hint of a smile. His eyes were dark in the low light of the lantern. 
	I leaned into him because I couldnt help myself because I couldnt stop myself.
	Its been a pretty awful day, I admitted. No bath. Zombies. Rats. Tuna. All things smelly and gross.
	I can make it better, he whispered with his face just an inch away from mine.
	You can?
	I can, he confirmed seriously. He reached over and grabbed my shirt in fistfuls and pulled me toward him.
	I rocked onto my knees with the momentum he gave me and continued on into the warm nook of his arm. He leaned back against the cold metal wall and wrapped his arm around me. I pressed my cheek against the firm muscle of his chest and bravely wrapped my arm around his waist. 
	The thing about this was that there was no going back. Cuddling wasnt exactly saying our vows or even close to something as simple as a good old fashioned make-out, but it did make a statement. 
	I should have held back more.
	But I couldnt deny this felt right. 
	I listened to the beat of Hendrixs heart as he stroked a soothing path up and down my spine. His body, solid and coiled with muscle in every place warmed against my skin. My arm stretched out across his rippling stomach, and my hand rested against the smooth line of his side. He smelled like dirt, sweat and antibacterial soap, but underneath that was something so unique and Hendrix that everything together was heady and intoxicating and completely alluring. His stomach would occasionally gurgle from either lingering hunger or working to digest his dinner, his breathing whooshed in and out of his body, and his heart beat rhythmically in his chest. And all I could do was smile to myself and enjoy all of his vibrant, living life. 
	Everyone else seemed to have settled down around us. I could hear Haley and Nelson talking quietly to each other and trying not to laugh too loud. Tyler was speaking quietly to Miller, reassuring him they would be all right. King and Harrison were discussing something sports related that would never get resolved in the world we now lived in. And Vaughan was holding Page and telling her a bedtime story making it up as he went along. 
	I breathed a contented sigh and ignored the misting of my eyes. I had almost lost this. this family Id somehow become a part of. Id almost been ripped away from all these beings that had become so important to me, made me love them so fiercely. The thought alone was almost unfathomable to me. 
	And while there was this haunting fear of Kane that I couldnt seem to shake, I knew he could never come through with his threat. As determined as he was to find me, if he still even cared, although some secret instinct whispered he did, I was just as committed to staying with this family, to protecting this family as he was to finding me. He could come after me all he wanted, but I would not leave them and I would not let anything happen to them. 
	They were life to me now and not just my waking moments and daily duties. No, they were literally life; they represented the only good things left in this dead world; they were bright and full of vitality and color. They were shining with everything good and pure and beautiful, and I would never give them up. 
	Were not going to fight anymore, are we? Hendrixs chest rumbled against my cheek, and I found myself kissing his breastbone through his shirt before I could stop myself. 
	I had drugged myself with happy thoughts and the butterflies Hendrix was sending into my stomach. I couldnt help myself. He needed to be kissed.
	You and me? I laughed, even while his breath hitched a little at my gesture. 
	Yeah.
	Im not sure its possible for us not to fight, at least every once in a while.
	But about losing each other briefly. He dropped his head so that his lips spoke against the top of my head, his breath hot and slow against my hair. I dont want to fight about that anymore. I wont let it happen again, so theres nothing to stay angry at me about.
	I couldnt stop my amused smile; he was just so cocky! 
	I believe you, I whispered with all sincerity.
	Then youll forgive me? 
	Yes. My eyes were misting again and I held on tighter to his waist. And youll forgive me?
	Yes. He kissed the top of my head and sighed for the perfection of our moment.
	Everything was right again. And while I didnt think either of us needed forgiveness and it was only our mutual anxiety for one another coming out in the heated arguments and outrageous behavior, I forgive you felt a lot easier to say than, Never leave me again. That was too much, too soon. 
	Even if it was what I meant. 
	Even if it was whispered in every breath I took, in every beat of my heart. 	
	I knew he saw beyond our easy words and casual statements. This was Hendrix, the boy who had seen me and demanded I make a place in his life before I even knew his last name. He always saw beyond the surface, beyond my contrasting actions, almost beyond me, but not quite. It was more like all of me, every single, insignificant and significant part. 
	Pretty soon I was nodding off, asleep against the safety I found on his chest. I hadnt slept in so long, not real sleep anyway. And he was more comfortable than anything I could remember recently. His body kept me warm, his arm held me securely and his steady breathing rocked me to sleep before I knew it.
	Someone must have kept watch all night, or a few someones, but they let me sleep all the way through. I woke up yawning with a stiff neck and a pliant, relaxed body that felt like jelly since I hadnt moved once on Hendrix. 
	I snapped my mouth shut as soon as I realized I was yawning right under his nose. I was pretty sure that my body should have evolved into a condition in which my breath didnt smell like Zombies feet every single morning, but that was not the case. Apparently I was not the missing link. 
	This was maybe the first time in history that a person was upset that they couldnt claim that great honor. Oh, brother
	I kept my mouth closed but continued to stretch out across Hendrix. I scratched my fingernails lightly up his side and arched my back, pressing my body into his. I was mostly trying to irritate him, but he grabbed my waist with two hands and flipped me over so that he loomed above me.
	Are you trying to kill me, Reagan? he demanded in a husky morning voice that revealed he was just waking up, too.
	I shook my head and pressed my lips together. Someone would have to threaten to shoot me before I spoke to this man without brushing my teeth first. 
	Then what are you doing with your body? Hendrix demanded sounding a bit strangled. His hands lightened their grasp and his fingers brushed against my hipbones. He lowered his forehead to mine and rubbed his nose along my nose. Were in a room full of people. Reagan. I havent even kissed you yet. Probably its better not to turn me on violently first thing in the morning.
	My stomach jolted awake, followed by the thousands of butterflies that had apparently fallen asleep in my stomach. His leg slipped between my thighs and his whole rigid, glorious body pressed down on mine. His breath was stale from sleep, but oddly I found it even more endearing.
	I had to close my eyes against all of the sensations flooding my body. Vaguely, I remembered those other people with us in the freezer, but just barely. 
	He leaned down and kissed my cheek before he pulled back and moved away from me. I heard him groan into his hands. I tilted my head and watched as he scrubbed his face with his hands roughly. He noticed me watching him and shot me an evil scowl.
	I smiled. This boy was more than any girl was capable of resisting. I was falling for him, despite my better judgment. 
	Or maybe because of my better judgment. 
	It was still too early to tell.
	Im going to go brush my teeth, I explained with a hand over my mouth. 
	I didnt know exactly what time it was, but my body was pretty in tune with day versus night, so I was assuming it was at least close to morning. Besides, everyone else was starting to stir, too. Everyone, except for Nelson, who sat and stared at the door like he was just as inanimate. He must have had the last watch. 
	Ill go with you. Hendrix was not going to let me go anywhere without him. 
	Which sucked because I also had to pee.
	We stood up and grabbed our bathroom necessities and a few guns. We had checked out and used the bathrooms last night. They were smelly, and a few stalls remained closed for the rest of eternity, but at least in the girls bathroom I could hover like a port-a-potty and the sinks still drained.  Plus there were both toilet paper and paper towels left, so that was a double bonus.
	Nelson stood up so we could leave and immediately fell into Haleys lap and was asleep. Vaughan was staring blankly into space too, with that freshly-wakened look and waved us out. Apparently he was back in command. 
	This morning the outside was smellier, ripe and stifled from the long night and marinated in freshly killed Zombies. I gagged immediately and pulled up my shirt over my nose. At least the front of the store remained intact, and no Feeders lurked about waiting to pounce. 
	Still we kept our guns up and readied and our still groggy senses as alert as we could. We split ways into separate bathrooms. I was relieved he didnt intend to follow me inside. I couldnt bring myself to pee with the stall door closed, and our relationship was so not even near the whole peeing in front of each other arena. 
	And if there were a God, it never would be.
	I used the facilities as quickly as I could and walked over to the sink to brush my teeth in the dark. The only light that lit up the room was from the opened door, and whatever filtered in from the dirty storefront windows. 
	I was just rinsing my mouth with a bottle of water when Tyler walked in, carrying her kit of morning necessities. She and Miller hadnt left their colony with a whole lot on them, so we had been sharing ours and picking them up what we could find. 
	I nodded at the toothbrush package she was opening and smiled, Did you get that here? 
	Yes, thank God, she moaned. Her voice was hoarse with sleep, and her eyes looked confused as she concentrated on getting the toothpaste onto the bristles. Nelson grabbed more if you need one and I think theres more toothpaste, you know, just in case youre running low.
	Thanks. I didnt need a new tube; I still had plenty in my current one, but it was nice of her to tell me all that. In fact, it was the most generous Id seen her.
	Sure. 
	I left her to brush her teeth while I tried to comb through my filthy hair. I wanted to wash it badly, but I couldnt waste the meager bottled-water ration I had left. I would just have to be on the lookout for a natural body of water that wasnt saturated in blood or surrounded by flesh-eating Zombies. Easy
	I did allow myself the luxury of pouring a little bit of my water onto a washcloth and scrubbing my face with it.
	Tyler groaned, and I looked up to see her watching me. She explained, I feel so disgusting!
	Me too, I nodded enthusiastically. But dont worry, we dont usually go this long without baths. Im sure Vaughan will find us a place to stop soon.
	She snorted derisively, Vaughan. 
	Okay, thats clearly a sore subject.  
	Can I ask you something, Reagan? she asked, her voice was suddenly quiet and serious.
	Nerves jolted my blood awake, and I instantly looked around, wishing Haley was here to deflect wherever this conversation was going. I had this terrible feeling she was going to talk about Vaughan with me and I had no idea how I felt about answering her questions or listening to her bitch about him.
	Finally, she shot me a sheepishly small smile and asked, How did you get away from my brother?
	So that was a completely different direction than I anticipated. 
	My eyes grew big at her question, and I wasnt sure how to answer. I realized Id never exactly explained how I got away, but nobody had asked me. The Parkers had always expected me to escape and so when I showed up they just moved into action. I had always expected to be able to get free too, so the fact that I did wasnt exactly a surprise. 
	Kane was not an option for me. The only option was here, with this family. But I supposed to someone else, an outsider looking in, it might seem impossible for a girl my size, to go up against a man Kanes size, armed and with me handcuffed to a bed and all that I could not only get away but make it almost all the way through town without getting caught.
	It might seem impossible or like a miracle.
	I chose to believe it was a miracle.
	I got a little lucky and he got a little stupid. It worked in my advantage. I shrugged casually, but her serious expression turned into one of annoyed disbelief.
	Kane is never stupid. Not even a little bit. Hes just like my dad. And its the reason Miller and I could never get out. It was like they were born for this whole Zombie thing. They just know how to be smart, how to survive, how to keep people under their thumb. I dont believe he messed up with you. 
	Her adamant disbelief bristled, and I didnt know how to respond. It wasnt like he messed up. Plus, you gave me that key. Remember? After he had locked me up for the night, I figured out how to get the handcuffs unlocked, but I was still trapped in that room. He padlocked it from the outside and all the windows were barred. While I tried to shake the steel bars loose, I heard him coming down the hall and hid in the closet. I know it wasnt my most-brilliant plan, but when he barged into the room, he saw that the window was open, and I think he panicked. He went immediately over to check it out, even though the bars were in place. I jumped out and held my knife on some of his very vital organs; he saw the value in keeping them inside of his body, and I handcuffed him to the window. The rest was pretty easy. I left the house immediately and kept to the shadows. I probably would not have made it to the bleachers if Miller hadnt released all those Feeders. They were getting ready to detain me when Miller burst out of the school building screaming at the top of his lungs with those disgusting things crawling after him.
	So you held Kane at knife point; he handed you his gun, and you just walked out of his house? she clarified, looking more confused than ever.
	Yep.
	Did he say anything to you? Did you talk at all?
	I dont know, I deflected, not wanting to go over all his asinine threats. Why are you asking me this, Tyler? 
	She shook her head and went about dampening her washcloth with bottled water. I dont know, she admitted slowly. Its just well, I dont know. Neither Kane nor my dad is capable of letting things go very well. And Kane just looked he looked so possessive of you. I have a hard time believing hes going to let this drop or that hes not out there right now looking for you.
	But why? Especially after how I embarrassed him. 
	Because hes incapable of not getting what he wants, of being denied. Because he doesnt ask for much or often ask, but when he does its with a fierce conviction that terrifies most people. And Reagan I dont know, he just seemed, I mean, the way he looked at you I just dont want him ever to find you.
	Wow.
	Thanks for all that confidence Tyler. Yeesh!
	I dont want that either, I whispered. I was fine in this dark, dingy, smelly bathroom until Tyler walked in and re-ignited my childhood fear of the boogeyman. 
	Just be careful, okay? she asked me in a way that made me even more nervous. She was dead serious, her eyes heavy with shame, her expression heated and flushed. 
	Okay. 
	I shook my head and left her alone to what thoughts still haunted her and kept her up at night. According to Tyler my fears were justified, my worst nightmares part of real life. 
	Now I didnt only have to dodge Feeders and terrible human beings, but I had just been put on the radar of the worst stalker in the history of stalkers and would have to dodge him for the rest of my life, too. 
	Just perfect.

Chapter Three

	I walked back to the freezer with Hendrix, who had been waiting outside the bathroom for me. He watched me as I walked out of the bathroom with dark eyes that let nothing out of them. 
	He heard Tylers warning.
	But there was nothing I could do about that. I was crazy to worry about a guy I would never see again. There was just no way he could find me.
	Once back in the freezer, we helped pack up and ate a quick breakfast of protein bars and more Gatorade. 
	As often as I was around athletic events whilst the world was still right and sane, I had never acquired a taste for any sports drink. But suddenly I couldnt get enough. It didnt matter what flavor or how warm and old it was, Gatorade tasted amazing. I downed mine in one solid guzzle.
	I was going to have to pee again before we left, but that was okay with me too. Better to hover and feel like a human being than squat along the side of the road and pray a Feeder doesnt catch you with your pants down.
	Page stood up on her own and waited for us to put our remaining possessions in our backpacks and collect our spoils. That was a good sign. Her sunken blue eyes exposed fatigue; her color still looked ghostly white. I could see her fingers trembling from here. 
	But she wasnt puking. She was barely feverish and she seemed to regain some of her fight. These were all good signs.
	What time is it? Haley asked as we hovered near the door to our safe little haven; nobody really wanted to leave the quiet space.
	Harrison held up one of the lanterns to his watch and said, Six-thirty.
	Good lord, she groaned. I used to sleep in!
	Are you still tired? Nelson asked sounding surprised- like his twenty-minute morning nap was enough to sustain him.
	Nelson, Haley grumbled. Look at where we slept last night. If we keep this up Im going to be tired for the rest of my life! And worse Im going to look like it!
	Because of the premature wrinkles? Tyler asked innocently and I cringed for Haleys sake.
	Haley was by no means vain. But that wasnt exactly fair play from a girl that had yet to kill her first Zombie.
	Haley sucked in a sharp breath. I could see her blonde hair igniting with the fire of her wrath. She had this expression when she was angry and it was, frankly, terrifying. Honestly, she reminded me of Medusa. Her eyes would bulge out of her head, and her hair would almost take on a life of its own. I always pictured it rising off her shoulders like snakes ready to strike. 
	I avoided this Haley as often as I could, unless there were Feeders around. Then I tended to utilize this Haley for our survival advantage.
	She didnt mean wrinkles! Nelson stepped in to rescue Tyler. She meant laugh lines, he finished with a placating superiority.
	Oh, no, I moaned. 
	Even I knew that was the wrong thing to say, Harrison exclaimed. 
	You think I have laugh lines? Haley sounded so hysterical I wanted to giggle; obviously I didnt, but I wanted to. Reagan, do you think I have laugh lines?
	Okay, I so wasnt getting dragged into this. Couldnt someone just open the door already? Couldnt we discuss wrinkles and laugh lines in the car?
	Haley, come on, we all know youre gorgeous, Vaughan cut in, effectively saving the day. My brothers oblivious and Tylers jealous. Thats the only reason they would say those things to you. Now, lock and load people, we have got to get going sometime today.
	Tylers angry retort came next, but it was somewhat drowned in the clicking and snapping of guns getting ready. Somewhat anyway.
	Listen here, you cocky bastard! she marched after Vaughan who had stepped forward to open the door and lead us back to the van. I am not in any way jealous of any of you! Youre basically homeless people, and you smell worse!
	We smell worse? Vaughan shouted down at her. You cant honestly-
	But his words died on his lips. Outside the store Feeders walked back and forth casually, as if on their way to errands or a leisurely stroll around the town. 
	Tyler stopped huffing, too, and Haley immediately got over her indignation. 
	There were at least ten Feeders that were making consistent loops in the parking lot where the van was parked. Through the dirty-glass we could see more in the distance. They seemed unhurried and mindless as they rambled aimlessly around and around.
	But we all knew better.
	The minute our fleshy-blood scent wafted through the air, they would become a frenzied, teaming horde, intent on eating our faces.
	Im not going out there, Tyler stated adamantly.
	Me either, Miller joined the mutiny.
	Me either, I added, just for fun.
	We have to get to the van, Vaughan shook his head, then looked down at Page in his arms. If we stay here theyll find us. We wont be able to stop them from destroying this store to get to us.
	Oh, is that what they do? I asked pretending to be confused. I forgot for a sec.
	Hendrix nudged me in the back with his hand, and let it fall to my waist. Play nice, he whispered in my ear.
	I shot him a look over my shoulder, but he was right. Tyler would get over this attitude. She would. Or shed die from a disease we couldnt cure with expired Tylenol, a Feeder attack or from the elements. So there was that.
	It was hard to hold a grudge during the Apocalypse.
	Vaughan passed Page off to Nelson and pulled out guns. All of the Parkers, with the exception of Page, had mastered the two-handed shooting thing. I couldnt multitask like that yet. And neither could Haley, although she could shoot better with her left hand than I.
	Tyler and Miller were nowhere near the two-handed attack. They were lucky if they got their shots fired in the general direction of the conflict. Miller was considerably better than Tyler, but where Tyler had never been allowed to hold or handle a gun, Miller confessed that he wasnt that great for lack of practice. Apparently Miller had always been rebellious and his father never trusted Miller to learn how to use a weapon for fear Miller would use it on him. 
	From what I had seen that was probably a legit fear. But now we were stuck with the aftermath: a girl who would rather cower during a scary situation than try to fight her way free and a boy that could sometimes hit a target, but was more likely to shoot himself in the foot.
	On my mark, Vaughan instructed when we were as ready as we could be. Most of us knew exactly what to do, but he had to spell it out for the new arrivals, Head straight for the van, do not stop, and do not kill unnecessarily. Just get in the van and get out of the way for the next person. Kids and the females first. 
	Am I a kid? Miller whispered sounding legitimately afraid.
	After Page, alright? Vaughan asked with a softened tone.
	Miller nodded, and Vaughan was off. He took the butt of his gun and slammed it against the flimsy chain King had used to secure the front doors. The chain went flying and the doors were officially opened. 
	Vaughan was first into the fray and Hendrix and I were close behind spreading out so that with the help of King, Harrison and Haley, we could protect those in our center. 
	The Feeders looked up slowly at us with eyes vacant depths of starvation and mouths drooling milky saliva. They seemed just as stunned to see living creatures walk out of the Publix as we were to see them bump into our van and teeter off, not affected at all.	 
	With slowly dawning intent they altered their paths for us. We were all that mattered to them as their addiction kicked in immediately. 
	We started running then, making the mad dash to the van. Vaughan hadnt bothered to lock the thing so when he reached the passenger door he flung it open. Taking Page from Nelsons arm, he tossed her to the floor. Miller was next and then Tyler flung her body through the door. Haley crawled in and I pushed King and Nelson in before Hendrix picked me off the ground and tossed me inside. He crawled in after me and then Nelson slid the door shut. By the time I could lift my head from the mountain of bodies I was sprawled on, Vaughan was already in the drivers seat begging the van to start.
	Nelson was the last one in; and I felt Haleys sigh of relief as she exhaled from underneath me. We were a tangle of bodies, tightly wound in each other. It was like the clown car in a circus. We were a mess. 
	A banging sound had more than one of us screaming. I lifted my chin from Kings thigh and was startled when the blood red eyes of a Zombie stared back at me through the glass.
	Another fist pounded on the passenger window just above my head. The strength from these guys was insane. The van was rocking back and forth from their combined effort and their sickly, death-bed smell was starting to waft through the windows.
	Lets go, Vaughan! Haley screamed as a third fist came down on glass. 
	Im trying! he snarled. 
	The sick whirring of the engine every time he turned the key did not sound promising. Although it had been doing this lately, Vaughan always seemed to pull off the start. But he had never had to do it so fast. 
	He kept turning the key and the engine kept sputtering and clicking, but nothing was happening. More Feeders were moving our way the longer we sat here. 
	The pounding of fists became louder and more furious. I glanced over to see a lone bead of sweat trickle down Vaughans temple and my stomach dropped to my toes. This was the first obvious sign of panic I had ever seen from him and I was not okay with that.
	And in the backseat we were a mess. Page was shoved into a corner behind Vaughans chair and the wall; King, Harrison and Miller had somehow squeezed in around her. Tyler was taking up the captains chair to my left and Haley, Hendrix and I crouched in the middle of the aisle. Not a second of this was comfortable, but I was too afraid to move closer to the incessant beating. 
	A hard crack ripped another scream from my throat as the latest hit created a fissure down the middle of the back window. This seemed to electrify the entire horde and the pounding grew louder and stronger. If Zombies could show emotion, then excitement was written all over their gaping, half-eaten faces. 
	Finally Vaughan got the van to start but it was still spitting. Now there were bodies on every side of us with hands slapping the glass mingled with pounding fists; we were forced to watch as they dragged their disgusting mouths over the glass as if they could just eat right through to us. Their rotted teeth and sickly white tongues scraped against the glass and broken, bloodied, inhumanly thick yellow fingernails followed. 
	I swallowed down the nausea coated in terror and prayed for a break. 
	Im going to shoot some of them, Nelson declared and reached for his manual roll-down window. 
	No! Haley screamed on a choked sob. 
	There were too many Feeders, and even a crack of his window would give them the opening they needed, but what choice did we have? 
	Vaughan looked at his brother and revved the pathetic engine again, but we had no leverage and there were too many bodies. We couldnt go anywhere. They shared a look; Vaughan reached over and picked up his own gun up off the armrest between them. 
	With sincere gravity and dark emotion flashing across his face, Vaughan looked at Nelson and said, Do not miss. We cannot waste those bullets. 
	I wanted to roll my eyes at the idiocy of men, but Vaughan was right. We barely had anything left after last night and it wasnt like this would be our last Zombie encounter. We could easily escape this predicament only to find ourselves surrounded by Feeders again in less than an hour.
	Although right now I felt like this should be our last. Like, I just wanted to sit down with whatever higher power had allowed this to happen and explain to him that we had done our due diligence with Zombies. In fact, I dared to say we passed this level. We were ready for something else- anything else! At this point I would have taken probing alien abductions or those huge worm things from the movie Tremor. 
	I could climb an electrical tower quickly. Bring it on.
	Nelson cocked his gun, and held it up while he readied his hand on the lever. Vaughan mimicked his motions on the other side and counted them off in Spanish- obviously to mix it up.
	Hendrix scrambled to a helpful position and held up his gun in way of backup. 
	Uno dos tres! 
	The windows went down and the muzzles of their guns slid out through the just-big-enough opening. They fired quickly and accurately. 
	Someone else screamed this time, but I couldnt have told you who. I had my head buried in my knees and my hands slapped over my ears. The sound of gunfire exploded in the vehicle and the smell of burnt bullets mixed with the acrid scent of decaying flesh. The car grew dark with each kill-shot. Feeder blood splattered everywhere and the thick, sticky substance coated the windows. Still the van rocked back and forth with the Zombie pressure to break through the metal and glass and their inhumanly strong hands banged against the windows.
	If anything, the piles of dead Zombies around the car only ignited more fuel for their hunger. They became crazed around us, desperate and starving for our flesh. They clawed and keened and pounded to get to us. Nelson and Vaughan kept shooting, but Vaughan had already reached for his second gun because his first was empty now. 
	Vaughan revved the engine again making little progress. The Feeders in the front of the van were working their way to the sides to either finish off the now legitimate dead bodies of their Zombie friends or get better access to the all-you-can eat Parker Family and Friends Buffet. 
	Nelson let out a string of curse words when one of the disgusting creatures managed to get his hand through the half an inch wide space and his nasty fingers clawed at Nelsons face. There was blood caked under his elongated nails and his fingers were boney but still unfairly strong. His pinky was missing completely and the skin on his thumb and forefinger had been stripped away leaving only dull, dried out tendon and some white bone peeking through.
	Oh, shit. I was going to be sick.
	And the smell! It was so unbearably noxious! 
	With one more concentrated fist from our adversary the back window shattered over us while we were distracted with the front of the van action. All of the girls screamed in unison but quickly went to work. Haley immediately picked up her gun and started popping off as many Zombies as she could in a row. 
	I followed suit, leaning into Tyler so I could still use my right hand to do my shooting. They were easy to pick off now that the window was gone. It was kind of like shooting fish in a barrel if that phrase meant disgusting, evil undead instead of actual fish. 
	Hands and faces reached through the open space, and we couldnt shoot fast enough. Harrison joined in our defensive assault, being the only boy capable of getting his arm in the right position so he wouldnt shoot anyone in the van by accident. Hendrix had turned around to assist as well.
	Still, the Zombies continued never-ending, but I was sure it had to do with the direct attack and my blind panic. Surely there was an end to all of these Feeders!
	Vaughan stomped down on the gas pedal one more time and the van lurched forward enough to keep the momentum. He pressed his foot all the way to the floor and the engine made a sick, grinding noise but cooperated. Slowly the Feeders seemed to slip away. We were cruising now, the car going about as fast as it could go- 40mph. And we all slunk back into relaxed positions as the last Zombie behind the van got tripped up trying to run with the new breakneck speeds and slid down the back and finally to the ground.  Nelsons Feeder, the one that was trying to give him a life-altering handshake, watched as his own arm popped right off and his fingers stayed lodged in the window- waving at us in an undead sort of way. 
	Nobody made a sound as we waited to see if this could possibly be real, if we really defeated all those Feeders and were driving off into the sunset. Okay, not exactly sunset. More like mid-morning with no happily-ever-after in sight.
	We passed a few more Feeders on our escape route. These were calling out to each other with a horrifying guttural screech. They were communicating something.
	And that was scarier than almost dying.	
	I squeezed my eyes shut and willed myself off the floor. While the vehicle was caked with blood from top to bottom, it was still running. Thank God!
	A rush of relief washed over me and I could barely believe wed made it out of yet-another harrowing situation without losing anyone.
	Until, then, until that very moment, when I realized our harrowing situation was not exactly over. 
The engine made a loud, angry popping sound; steam exploded upward from the hood. The steering wheel shook violently as Vaughan struggled to grapple control, and we swerved wildly before the engine finally sputtered and died. 
	So this wasnt going to turn out good for us. 
	Now that the engine was off, we were mostly quiet. Our loud, panting breaths and checking of guns were the only sounds to break up the tense silence.
	And the moaning- there was always moaning.
	And it seemed to be chasing us. 
	We looked around, each of us taking responsibility to find out what was coming. Nobody had more than five bullets left apiece and after those were gone, we were armed with hunting knives only. 
	Hunting knives were definitely dangerous, and better than nothing but the thing about them was you had to be in very close range to use them. 
	Vaughan angrily cranked down the window again and Nelson followed suit. Both of them perched their bums on the window ledge and readied their small handguns. Hendrix climbed over Haley and me, followed by his brothers.
	Haley and Reagan, stay with Page, Vaughan ordered. 	
	Tyler started hyperventilating in her captains chair. With her knees pulled up to her chest, her body rocked back and forth as tears streamed down her face. Shocking sobs racked her body and every appendage shook uncontrollably. Miller climbed into the seat with her and put his arms around her, but he didnt seem capable of comforting her.
	I watched them for a second. I understood her fear and her inability to fully come to terms with what we would have to do to survive. The sight of her was unnerving but natural. This was the natural or normal reaction for anyone faced with a literal throng of Zombies chasing them down. 
	So why had I never reacted like this?
	Even after my parents died, I never broke down like this. Was there something wrong with me? Was I a cold-hearted bitch that didnt respect life or care about people I loved?
	I wanted to give myself credit and blame courage and strength of spirit. But if I was honest with myself, it felt more like stubborn willfulness not to die. And that wasnt the same thing. 
	I ignored Tyler and Miller and refocused my attention on the back of the van. 
	Stay in the van for as long as you can, Vaughan commanded. And dont let any of them get inside.
	Geez, Vaughan, with instructions like that, I regret voting you off the island, Haley grumbled sarcastically.
	You voted me off the island? Vaughan sounded amused but his arms never wavered as he held them out the window.
	In the last tribunal, Haley admitted. It was either you or Reagan and I like her better. 
	We had about forty-five seconds before the Feeders were in range.
	Haley, Nelson growled from the front seat. She peeked over my shoulder and I watched her eyes meet his. They were so deep with something unsaid that I felt like I was intruding in their moment. 
	Haley held Nelsons gaze and after a long release of breath she said, I know, Nelson.
	Good, he replied on a sigh.
	And then they were both back to the hard, angry killers we all knew and loved. 
	I wondered if that was like an I love you declaration. Haley couldnt possibly love Nelson. We hadnt known the Parkers long enough for there to be love developed. 
	But, maybe? Haley seemed pretty into him. But love? I didnt know if I was ready for her to be in love! How could she be ready?
	Unfortunately I didnt have time to ask her because Hendrix had started shooting and that meant we were engaged- with the Zombie threat, not to each other.
	At least fifty of them, ran toward us with a steady pace. Some were dragging limp feet, some seemed to have every appendage in working order, some were crawling and some were fighting through the crowd with a more intense purpose than the others. 
	Those with the most enthusiasm had the reddest eyes, the most bloodthirsty expressions and, if I had to guess, the most-pungent smells. 
	If what Kane had told me, if Zombies really didnt smell bad if they werent eating flesh and blood, then the ones that smelled the worst had to be gorging on humanity every chance they got. 
	I shuddered, thinking about how bad the smell was a few minutes ago.
	These Feeders ate often. 
	That was not good news for us.
	Hendrix hit one and then another, bulls-eye to the forehead. Harrison joined the effort, but after three shots his gun was empty. King was no better and after a few rounds his gun was empty too. Meanwhile, the marathon of Feeders just kept getting closer and closer. 
	Here! I shouted and pressed my two half-loaded guns into Harrisons hands, grabbed Haleys and handed them over to King. We both pulled out our knives. I unsheathed mine and held the blade carefully, but Haley kept hers in hand while she held Page tightly against her. Page slipped her hand into my free one and we sat huddled on the floor, the three of us finding strength in each other.
	Tyler and Miller slid down to the floor next to us and in the confined space of the van our legs tangled together and our bodies layered each other. It was hard to care though, almost impossible. It didnt matter in this moment if I found Tyler obnoxious and embarrassingly unprepared for the world she lived in. It didnt matter that I knew how to shoot a gun and had survived this far. We were all going to die. We were all going to meet the same fate, so who cared if there was a difference in our survival skills. Her cushioned life of protection before and my hard-earned talent for aiming my gun would meet the same end in the same way. 
	This was it.
	I chanced a glance over the back seat to see how we were doing. The majority of frenzied Feeders trampled the front line of fallen Zombies while some dropped off to consume their fallen brethren.
	I would never get over how disturbing it was to watch a Zombie eat another Zombie. And now, on top of the pounding, heavy footsteps of the undead and their repulsive grunts and screeching, I had to listen to the tearing of flesh and the popping of bones. 
	A tear sneaked out the corner of my eye and rolled down my cheek. I wasnt an overly emotional girl, but I didnt want to have that happen to me. I didnt want to lay face down on the gravelly pavement and feel the bite of teeth and clawing of nails into my soft, pliable skin. I didnt want my muscle ripped from bone, or my skin peeled away from my body. I just wanted to live, I just wanted to survive. 
	A sob hitched in my throat and Haley grabbed my neck and forced my face to hers. 
	I was panicking now. I could feel the cold dread creeping over my skin like a million spiders, pulling me under, into the depths of hysteria.
	No, Reagan, she demanded and her own tears shimmered behind her green eyes. Dont let them get to you. Youre stronger than this. Were stronger than this. Were going to make it, damn it. So stop it right now. 
	Her words felt like a soothing balm on my frayed nerves and I nodded. With a strength I didnt know I possessed I reined back my consuming terror and forced my emotions under control.
	We were going to make it. We were going to make it. We were going to make it.
	A Feeder broke through the mass and lunged at Hendrix, he aimed and shot immediately but nothing happened, just the clicking of an empty gun. 
	I know I gasped, but my entire body felt utterly frozen as I watched Hendrix defend himself. Without hesitation he pulled out his huge knife and dodged the waving, grabbing arms and plunged it into the Feeders eye. Blood spurted everywhere at the contact, but Hendrix yanked the knife from his eye socket and the heavy body fell dead to the ground.
	Hendrix stood up in the back of the van then, awkwardly as half his body was inside the car and half of it was out. The empty clicking sound could be heard in more than one place now- first Vaughan, then Nelson, then King, then Harrison. The front doors opened and shut as Vaughan and Nelson readied themselves on the outside of the vehicle, armed with knives. Hendrix jumped down to the pavement and his younger brothers followed suit. 
	I pushed up to my knees, clutching my knife against my chest. 
	The tears fell then; I couldnt stop them. The panic stayed at bay, but the impending loss of life gutted my soul and I couldnt stop the despair from choking me.
	The Feeders had been somewhat fended off with the constant barrage of gunfire, but not anymore. Now we were available and they werent going to meet much resistance. 
	There were maybe thirty of them left, plenty to overpower us and rip us apart. 
	As one unit they moved in to attack and I readied myself for their teeth.
	Because we were not going to make it.

Chapter Four

	There was no time for any last declarations of love or friendship. This was it. 
	The boys slashed across the faces of as many Feeders as they could but in seconds they would be overpowered. 
	I gave Page another hand squeeze and scrambled forward, ignoring Haley altogether. That was a face I could not look at before I threw myself at deaths feet, literally. 
	I crawled over the back seat and jumped through the broken window, stabbing a Feeder directly in the nose that was headed for Kings face. I shouldnt have been strong enough to plunge it all the way through until the tip of my knife poked out of the back of his skull, but their bones were brittle and weak from disease, their brains mushy and ready for death.
	I let the momentum of the dead body carry my hand to the ground and stomped on his mutilated face so I could pull out my weapon.
	I heard the slashing of blade into flesh and felt the warm spray of blood across my back. When I righted myself with weapon in hand I watched another Feeder crumble to the ground. 
	Glancing up, I mouthed thank you to King who had returned the favor of a saved life. 
	I kicked out and stabbed, kicked out and then stabbed. Wash, rinse, repeat. There was a synchronization in not getting eaten, I just had to find the right rhythm. We had maybe a minute before one of us got bit if we were lucky. 
	But then it happened. 
	The familiar sound of tires speeding over pavement. 
	Unable to look toward the source of the sound I kept fighting, kept struggling to survive. I had to believe there was hope in that sound. I had to hope there was salvation.
	Suddenly the most beautiful sound of my entire life echoed through the ugly morning- gunfire. 
	And lots of it. 
	It sounded like machine guns as the fast popping beat out a frantic melody of death and rescue. I continued to fight through those closest to us. My arms were weakening and my stomach muscles were on fire as I threw every ounce of my body into every single kill. I would keep fighting until I died. I would keep surviving until there was nothing left of me.
	Murky blood clouded my vision as it continued to spray across my face. I had worked my shirt over my nose, but it kept falling down every time I managed any quick, jerky movements, which was all the time. 
	If killing Zombies made me a freaking Zombie I was going to be so pissed. 
	The machine gun rattled off behind us competing with pounding footsteps now and handguns that picked off the Feeders closest to the van. 
	I swung out at a Feeder inches from taking a bite out of my arm, but I missed. My blade sliced across the bridge of his nose, making a deep, bloody gash, but I didnt make it all the way to the brain so he kept coming. 
	I pulled my arm back to do it again when his grimy hands caught my arm in his ridiculously strong grasp. He cocked his head back on impulse and opened his mouth to reveal jagged, black teeth coated in a white, sticky film. I kicked at him with my boot but he didnt even register the force of my foot. 
	I tried to cry out for Hendrix, but fear of the moment had almost rendered me speechless.
	Then a heavy arm over my shoulder and the cool, black metal of a gun slid by my face only to blow a hole right through that Feeders open mouth.
	I sagged with relief and bumped into the firm body of the man behind me. 
	I turned to say thank you but he was already picking off the rest of the Feeders. Boom. Boom. Boom. 
	With each release of the trigger I breathed a little bit easier.
	I was knee deep in the bodies of the undead and covered in their filthy, diseased blood, but I was alive. And when I swung my head to the left, so was Hendrix. So was King. So was Harrison. 
	Finally, the last of the Feeders were taken care of and the guns stopped firing. A deafening silence fell over us and my ears rang with the force of it. Going from the scream and cry of battle to nothing was a shock to my system, but a welcome one.
	My ragged breaths were dragged in and out of my chest painfully, but I turned around so I could see if everyone else made it. I ripped my shirt off, turning it inside out in the process and wiped at my face. I had a tank top underneath, but my bare arms felt especially exposed after such a vicious attack. 
	I met Vaughans eyes when I could see again and he raised an exhausted arm that let me know he was okay. Nelson did the same thing and I marveled at our good fortune. I honestly could not believe any of us were still alive.
	Finally my gaze fell on our unexpected help. Three black Suburbans sat parked askew in the middle of the highway through the small Oklahoma town that had almost been the end of us. Two standalone machine guns were propped in the back of two of the vehicles and armed men and women stood all over. 
	They were all older than us- rough and world weary with hard masks of silent anger. This was a militia group, obviously a well-off one.
	But they had saved our lives. And they included women as active members of society. I hoped these were good signs. 
	The man standing closest to me reached out a hand to Hendrix and said, Probably a good thing we happened upon yall.
	Hendrix broke out into a smile that looked partly deranged with his beard bloodied around his white teeth and his eyes wide and dilated from the fight. Probably.
	Yall alright? the man asked, glancing over us a bit suspiciously. He was probably their leader. He looked the oldest, but also the hardest. His graying hair was pulled back into a stringy ponytail at the nape of his neck and his salt-and-peppered beard hadnt been trimmed long before he had the option of good personal hygiene. His leather jacket was soft and well-worn and the steel-toed boots he wore seemed to complete his motorcycle-man ensemble.
	Except, he wasnt part of a biker gang.
	He was driving relatively new Suburbans and surrounded by people carrying a seemingly unlimited supply of weapons.
	Were good, Vaughan called out from the front of the van. Nobody got bit, right?
	We responded with the negative and I sucked in another relieved breath. 
	Thanks for the help, Hendrix said sincerely.
	Not a problem, the guy smiled and I could see three gold teeth mixed among his yellowing others. We saw the trouble you were in. It was our pleasure. We want to take as many of those goddamn creatures out as we can.
	We are of the same mind, Hendrix grinned. Wherere you headed?
	Arkansas, the mans gaze narrowed and eyed Hendrix suspiciously. Yall?
	Not Arkansas, Hendrix answered with a sense of humor.
	This caused the other man to break out into another one of his multi-colored grins. He clasped Hendrix on the shoulder and declared, We dont run into many scenarios in which anyone could have made it out of what yall were facing. But I get the impression that if we hadnt have showed up yall would have been just fine.
	Hendrix was quiet for a moment and shrugged. Maybe.
	Not maybe. There was no maybe. We were so dead without these guys. 
	But I understood Hendrixs reluctance to make it seem like we owed this guy.
	The guy nodded back over his shoulder and turned back to Hendrix, We passed a bridge not five minutes that way. There was a nice-sized creek running underneath. Why dont yall go get cleaned up and well share a meal before we go our separate ways- Arkansas and not Arkansas.
	We could use a creek, Hendrix answered subtly. And we could use a meal.
	We stood there kind of staring at each other for a few more minutes. I didnt know if this was like a stand-off, should-we-trust-each-other thing? Or if we were making sure there were no more straggling Feeders. 
	I was doing both. 
	And probably so was everyone else. 
	Finally satisfied with trusting each other and not hearing another Zombie nearby, the guy with the ponytail said, Well, lets roll.
	Our van isnt rolling anywhere, Hendrix admitted. 
	Ah, the old girl quit on you? Ponytail asked. I wondered why yall showed up with a knife to a gunfight.
	It wasnt intentional, Hendrix agreed. 
	Well, its just over that hill. Well cover you if you want to make the walk over. 
	So we did. We gathered Haley, Page, Tyler and Miller from the van and grabbed our backpacks and a few of the extra bags filled with supplies we had been collecting. Page was too frightened to even stand up, so Vaughan carried her while Miller and Tyler clung to each other. 
	We walked past the group standing around the nice Suburbans with their guns still raised. The nice cars reminded me of the Hummer we had once upon a time and how Gary the douche bag took it away from us. 
	The thought made me instantly mistrust these people. Not since the Parkers had I met a decent human being. And before them it had been even longer. 
	It was like all of humanity was infected with the same disease. Sometimes they turned into Zombies, sometimes they turned into low life scum that were only capable of dominating and hurting. 
	The world before the infection wasnt even close to perfect, there was still war, still hunger, still disease. But there had also been community and generosity and a sense of banding together simply because we were human and struggling through the same rough life. 
	Where did that go?
	How did things get so bad, so quickly?
	True to his word, while we walked along the highway and over the bridge, the Suburbans followed at a crawl behind us. I felt safe with so many guns nearby and not just amateur stuff, the real-deal heavy artillery.
	Still, I was uneasy just because they were people- and in this day and age people meant bad things. 
	Our group was perfectly silent on the way over; apparently we were all having Stranger Danger thoughts. Without waiting for them to catch up we walked down the embankment and started rinsing in the creek. The water was cold but refreshing.
	It smelled like a river, but it was still cleaner than me. 
	We spread out in the shin high water so that we werent washing our own bodies with someone elses disgusting run offs and got to work. And it wasnt just those of us that had gotten bloody; we all took the opportunity to get as clean as possible with our clothes on.
	Which meant no shaving But it had been about a week and a half anyway, the razor probably would have snapped off when I tried to run it through the jungle growing on my leg.
	I rolled up my jeans and slipped my shoes and socks off. Id already lost my shirt, so I just needed to grab my bar of soap and washcloth and set to work. When it was time for my hair I walked over to Haley and Page and we took turns working out the blood from mine. 
	You were just like Mel Gibson, Reags, Haley gushed. Im so proud of you.
	Mel Gibson? I laughed. 
	She laughed too, I meant, Braveheart. You were all covered in blood and stabbing people. For real, I expected you to stand on the top of the van and yell, But they will never take our freedom!
	We laughed some more and then I asked, Dead, Undead or filming more movies?
	This was another game we would play; whenever we remembered a movie or a famous person, we would try to decide how the infection played out in his life. 
	Definitely undead, but still filming more movies, Haley confirmed. 
	Whos Mel Gibson? Page asked sweetly.
	Another one of those crazy men that you will never have to know about, sweets. Haley promised. 
	It was amazing the difference an hour made. Just a little while ago I was positive we were all going to die, that those were my last moments on Earth. And now, we were joking around about Mel Gibson.
	Like Jazzy? Page asked sweetly. Some color had returned to her skin after her cold bath and she looked radiant with her shining wet hair and clean face.
	Like Jazzy. 
	When yall are done down there, we got some food up here, the man with the ponytail shouted down at us. 
	I looked over at Hendrix and Vaughan and watched them have a conversation with only their eyes. It looked like we were going to trust them, even while my instincts screamed to be careful. But they had come to our rescue. It would seriously piss them off if we turned away from their hospitality after all that. Plus, they seemed to have plenty of women around, which usually staved off the worst of the male behavior.
	We gathered our things and walked barefoot to the top of the steep incline and back to the main road. This was a tiny little town in eastern Oklahoma, but at one point it could have been cute and sweet.
	Obviously, not now when there were piles of dead Zombies littering the streets, but once upon a time.
	Im Johnny, and this is my wife, Trish, Johnny, man with the ponytail, said. His wife Trish looked just as hard and worn out as he did. She had thick, reddish brown hair that hung in frizzy waves that werent all that flattering. This was a woman who needed hair product in her life. 
	Oh, the injustices of living during a Zombie Apocalypse.
	She wore a leather vest, and only a leather vest, on top. Her fake boobs were pushed up into the tight v and her low-riding jeans allowed for a solid four inches of stomach to show. She had tattoos covering random places all over her arms, boobs and neck that ranged from something as sweet as a heart to something as bizarre as a giant snake being beheaded by a girl with boobs bigger than her own and a huge, impossibly-large sword. It was hard to make out these peoples ages. They could have been as young as early thirties or possibly retirement age. I had no idea.
	And this is the gang, Trish hooked a thumb over her shoulder.
	Hi gang, I waved with as much charm as I could muster. 
	Haley snorted and dropped her head to her chest to avoid looking at them and laughing. She reached for my waving hand and pulled it tightly to her side. Okay, I was being a smart ass, but I didnt trust them!
	Well, sit down, Trish fussed and tried to smile. She really gave it a good effort; there just wasnt that natural ability for her lips to move in a happy direction. 
	Vaughan was the first one to obey and the rest of us followed. Johnny had made a small fire while we bathed, and there was some kind of meat roasting over it; there were baked beans in a steel camping pot and even plastic, re-sealable bags with something like dried bananas in it.
	I hadnt had fruit in so long. That really needed to be dried bananas.
	The lunch was actually really good and I avoided nailing down the specifics of finding out exactly what kind of meat we were having. But when Tyler noticed something was different about it and asked me what I thought it was, I immediately told her it was chicken. Everything tasted like chicken.
	She accepted my answer, but I was pretty sure this was one of those moments where ignorance was bliss for her.
	Johnny asked us about what we had seen and we all let Vaughan, Hendrix and Nelson do most of the talking. Johnny and Trish told us how they were coming over from New Mexico and had heard about a town where there werent any Zombies. They rounded up as many survivors that were still left in their desert town and decided to find out for themselves. They actually seemed nice enough and didnt appear to have any motivation to kidnap us or force us to join their crew. 
	The day wore on as Vaughan and Johnny swapped stories. I got the impression Vaughan was being polite and didnt want to piss the guy off. And Johnny was obviously in no hurry to leave. Although the group as a whole had so many weapons, plus those reliable vehicles, they probably didnt need to be if they were only traveling a few more hours to Arkansas.
	None of us said anything about having already been there or what it was like. We needed to stay completely off the radar and not give Kane or his dad Matthias a lead to follow, just in case they happened to run into each other. I still highly doubted either of them was that interested in finding us, but better safe than sorry. And we were harboring Miller and Tyler.
	Finally, it was time to split up and Johnny laid out a very generous offer, We stayed in a place last night. Its about ten minutes from here. It was like a shoe store or something, but the buildings made out of concrete and we cleaned any Feeders out last night. We could drive you over there if yall want. I know you have a late start on your day and you dont have a vehicle or nothing.
	Vaughan gave Hendrix a look across the fire and gauged his reaction. That would be awesome. Thanks, man.
	Not a problem, Johnny smiled wide, his gold teeth flashing in the afternoon light. Its the least I can do. And honestly, I wish I could do more. Youve got so many little ones with you, it dont seem right to leave you stranded without transport or ammo. Are you sure you dont want to ride with us into Arkansas. It could be a great opportunity for you and your people.
	We appreciate the offer, but were headed to find some family. When Johnny laughed loud and long at that, Vaughan continued, We know its a long shot, but we have to try. You understand that, right? 
	Johnny sobered some and bopped his head up and down, Now that I can understand.
	We said goodbye to Johnny and Trish and were all surprised when Johnny handed over two handguns and some more ammo to Vaughan. It wasnt much but it would at least get us through the night. Unless we were attacked again, but then only one of their machine guns or an act of God could save us from that. 
	They cleared out one of their Suburbans so we could file in and held onto the gifted guns until we were dropped off in front of an old Payless. There wouldnt be any food in here, so no bad smells or insects and animals. And on the plus side, we could go shoe shopping. A Payless was a fantastic place to spend the night. 
	The driver of the Suburban waved to us and headed back to his friends. I tried, really tried to process that act of kindness and almost couldnt. Was I so jaded after the last militia camp and Kanes Twilight Zone Colony that I couldnt even trust a generous act after it was done? I hung my head and searched around inside my soul for anything left of goodness, innocence or purity. 
	And then I realized that there wasnt any. 
	I was as diseased as the rest of humanity. 
	I looked up, ready to make camp inside the Payless when I caught Hendrixs eyes from across our group. He was looking at me with deep concern etched into his face and I tried to smile at him but it fell flat. My chin quivered and I pressed my lips together in an effort not to cry, but I was overwhelmed from the last twenty-four hours and it was only a matter of seconds before everything caught up with me.
	Reagan and I are taking a walk, Hendrix declared to the crowd. 
	Everyone stared at us like we were crazy, except for Vaughan. He tossed his brother a gun and demanded that we be careful. He led Haley, Tyler, Miller and the rest of his family inside the boarded up swinging door. 
	Hendrix walked over to me slowly, pocketed the gun and held his hand out to me. I took it, reveling in the warmth of his fingers as they wrapped around mine, in the sensitive touch of his palm as he pressed it into mine, in just the feel of him and how he seemed to make everything better by just being him. 
	We walked around to the back of the building where we were rewarded with stretching fields that rolled over shallow hills. The sun was low on the western horizon and warm on our faces. The spring breeze tickled our noses. Along the back of the building bloomed a garden of early roses. 
	My breath caught in my throat as I took in the beauty of the crimson-colored flowers. Their petals were soft perfection and a beautiful contrast not just between the gray of the brick they were planted against, but between all of the death and decay we had suffered in today. 
	After a day spent killing, covered in blood and near death, these roses didnt just represent the living, they represented life where it shouldnt be, vibrancy where there should be only viciousness, color in a world of black and white.
	For the second time today a tear tracked down my cheek and I couldnt stop myself from holding out my fingers and touching the soft silkiness of the delicate petals. 
	I havent seen flowers in a really long time, I whispered, kneeling down in front of them. The moment was reverent and awesome as we worshiped the sight of something so purely innocent. 
	Hendrix reached forward too, seeming just as moved as me, and let his fingers trail over the tops of them. Pretty incredible, he whispered. 
	Tell me were going to make it, I pleaded in a vulnerable voice I hardly recognized as my own.
	Hendrix heard my cry for help and turned to face me on his knees. I turned too, and we knelt just inches apart from each other next to a rose bush and the Oklahoma wilderness with our hearts bleeding out. 
	He tucked a stray piece of dark hair behind my ear and met my gaze with his ever-steady deep blue one. Were going to make it, he promised.
	And I believed him.
	I would always believe him. 
	All of us? I pressed. 
	All of us, he confirmed. 
	His fingers trailed down the line of my jaw and the column of my throat. I felt each gentle touch as he moved them along the outline of my body until they intertwined with my fingers. The sunlight played across his tanned features, glinting in his scruffy beard and making his eyes sparkle with life. 
	Reagan, he breathed and my chest swelled from the pure devotion of my name on his lips. I waited for him to say more but for a while he was just silent and serious. Finally, a small smirk played at the corners of his lips and in a lighter tone, he said, It was close today, though, wasnt it? 
	Yes, I agreed.
	He seemed to gather confidence and said impishly, Makes you realize what you could have lost. I nodded but didnt speak- I had been thinking that for hours now. Makes you realize that you have things to do before you die.
	I laughed a little at that. I had given up all those dreams a long time ago, and I was surprised Hendrix hadnt too. Like what? Go sky-diving? 
	Without missing a beat, without taking his eyes off me, or changing his reverent tone he said, Like kiss you.
	And his soft lips were on mine and I stopped breathing. Sensation and desire flooded me as his mouth moved over mine- consuming me, breaking me, making me whole again. His beard scratched and tickled my face but I reveled in the feel of his body moving against mine.
	His tongue swept across my bottom lip and I opened my mouth on instinct. His lips were so perfect they were otherworldly, they didnt even belong in the dark world we lived in. Nothing this amazing did. And yet here he was. 
	With me.
	He deepened the kiss and I felt him everywhere. I felt his hands as they clutched my waist and dragged me against his firm, unyielding body. I felt his body heat as he drew me into him and wrapped his arms around me. I felt his tongue, the hot wetness of his mouth, his beard as it abraded my skin. I felt his happiness call to mine, his soul drink mine in, his essence consume me until I was entirely captivated by him and his kiss.
	We continued to kiss forever, for eternity, for I dont know how long, but I would never quit. Someone would have to pry me from him, because until this moment, until I felt the absolute rightness of his desire and want and his need for me, I had stopped believing happiness like this existed.
	Reagan, he whispered again as he pulled back to rest his forehead against mine.
	I reached up and rested my hands against his frantically beating heart. He kissed my forehead again and I melted into him. He was just he was everything I could ever want and somehow Id found him in this ugly world and he made it beautiful again. 
	He made me beautiful again.
	Eventually, he pulled back and stood up. He took my hands and helped me to my feet. With a satisfied grin on his face he promised, Theres a lot more of that in your future, Reagan. I hope youre ready for what you just started.
	What I just started? I gasped, honestly shocked that he was blaming me.
	Woman, youve been begging me to kiss you since the day you fell at my feet.
	Oh my gosh! I didnt fall at your feet, I fell through the door. that you opened!
	Regardless, he pulled me next to him, into the lean of his body and wrapped his arm around me. Theres no going back now.
	Now to that I agreed. 
	We picked a few of the roses and carried them back inside, giving one to Tyler, Page and Haley. Then we sat down on the floor of the storeroom, with the door locked and our camping lanterns illuminating the small space. We spent the rest of the night laughing about our close calls earlier in the day and admiring the gorgeous roses. Even Tyler couldnt stop the huge smile from lighting her face. 
	We were happy and safe tonight. And pressed against the strength of Hendrixs body I felt more than all of that, I felt content. 
	There were things about this world, this life that we lived, that were horrible and disgusting, things that should be reserved for hell alone. But then there were other things, things that were so achingly beautiful and righteously innocent that didnt just balance the bad things out, but superseded their place. Those were the things worth living for, worth staying alive for.
	And I had somehow found them. I had found an abundance of them. 
	I could survive this world of decay with these good things surrounding me. 
	I would live through this death and disease with Hendrix next to me.	
	


The rest of Season One is now available for Amazon, Barnes and Noble, iBooks and Kobo.
Season Two is also available. 
If you enjoyed Volume One, find out how Reagan and friends battle through the rest of the Zombie Apocalypse in Season One, Volume Two.

About the Author

Rachel Higginson was born and raised in Nebraska, but spent her college years traveling the world. She married her high school sweetheart and spends her days raising their growing family. She is obsessed with bad reality TV and any and all Young Adult Fiction.


Look for more from Rachel in 2014.


Other books by Rachel to be released in 2014 are Bet on Me, an NA contemporary romance, The Redeemable Prince, the seventh and final book in The Star-Crossed Series, The Heart, the third and final book in the Siren Series and The Five Stages of Falling in Love, an adult contemporary love story.

Other Books Out Now by Rachel Higginson:

Reckless Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 1)
Hopeless Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 2)
Fearless Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 3)
Endless Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 4)
The Reluctant King (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 5)
The Relentless Warrior (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 6)
Breathless Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 6.5)
Fateful Magic (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 6.75)
The Redeemable Prince (The Star-Crossed Series, Book 7) coming September, 2014

Heir of Skies (The Starbright Series, Book 1)
Heir of Darkness (The Starbright Series, Book 2)
Heir of Secrets (The Starbright Series, Book 3)

The Rush (The Siren Series, Book 1)
The Fall (The Siren Series, Book 2)
The Heart (The Siren Series, Book 3) coming November, 2014

Love and Decay (Season One)
Love and Decay (Season Two)

Bet on Us (An NA Contemporary Romance)
Bet on Me (An NA Contemporary Romance) coming fall 2014

The Five Stages of Falling in Love coming December 2014


Follow Rachel on her blog at:
www.rachelhigginson.com

Or on Twitter:
@mywritesdntbite

Or on her Facebook page:
Rachel Higginson















