



Tweet of Faith 


By
Iain Clements


Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2013 by Iain Clements
 
Please note:
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the authors imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental. All errors are definitely my own.

This book is dedicated to Abi, who is consistently the best thing in my life.

Also, Id like to give lots of thanks to all of my friends and family who helped me along the way.

I hope you enjoy the story.
 
 
 







Chapter 1

Location: Unknown
Time: Unknown

The steady, rhythmic beep of the machine was the loudest noise in the white sterile room. The regular beeping pattern was quite reassuring to the medical staff attuned to its pattern, but the noise did not register with the comatose patient. The hospital room was neutrally decorated, painted in bright, off white colour and sparsely furnished, featuring just a simple wooden table and chair, a washbasin in the corner, and the large metal bed with numerous hanging medical implements, sat in the centre of the room. 
The patient had been lying there in the room for a number of days now. He was a western male, probably somewhere in his mid 30s and was just less than six feet tall. He had dark brown hair which had been mostly shaved away so that the doctors could inspect his head wound. When they had checked his pupils for a dilatory response the nurse present had noted his eye colour as being Hazel. The mans face was severely bruised, and a large bandage had been applied towards the top of the forehead where he had suffered a large cut.
His prognosis was for the moment unclear. Despite all of the advances in modern medicine, head wounds often proved difficult to read accurately, and the prolonged unconsciousness was a worrying sign. Early scans had shown that there was a large swelling present around his brain, and the patient was not responding to any stimulus.
The nurse checked the patients vital signs one last time and noted them on the chart hanging from the foot of his hospital bed before leaving the room. She looked down on his bruised face which, apart from the occasional flicker of eyelids was completely still. Oddly though, during the last few days she had decided that he looked quite serene, even happy in his comatose state. She had no basis for this decision, only that she preferred that scenario to the thought of his suffering whilst his body slowly recovered.
After adding the last note on his chart, she looked around the patients room. Whilst clean and recently decorated there was a distinct emptiness about the place,  The room was identical to all of the other rooms in the small Bangkok hospital, but this one was missing something. After a moments thought, she realised what it was. There were no flowers or cards or anything personal in the room. 
The nurse reached the door to the room, turned the dimmer switch down to darken the room for the night and looked back one last time at the man. She looked once more at the barren room and briefly considered getting him a get well card. However, she soon realised the complication of doing that.
No one knew who he was.

Chapter 2

AMP Club, Bangkok, 2013 (2 weeks previously)

The music was pounding, and one of his favourite DJs was spinning records like he was on fire. The strobe lights and lasers lit up the dance floor highlighting small segments of the crowd at a time. All around him, Richard could see huge wide grins, and frenetic dancing. he was ready to party and was dressed in his best black shirt and special non-ripped stone washed blue jeans. 
The evening had started slowly, and hed nearly abandoned the legendary Khao San road in Thailand, writing it off as just another overhyped backpacker hangout but then hed stumbled in this place and had been caught up in the shared euphoria immediately. Having walked in alone, hed soon been surrounded by a group of instant friends, despite the music being too loud for them to communicate more than a few bellowed words to each other.
You want another one? yelled a tall, slightly burnt man that hed met only an hour or so ago. 
Yeah, he replied, nodding vigorously as well, as hed doubt the person would hear him. 
He shouldnt really have another drink, a small part of his brain told him. Hed just reached that perilous stage of being drunk enough to think himself a good dancer, and to have no fear in talking to a group of people and approach women, but was dangerously close in tipping over to the point where hed act like an arse. His new friend came back shortly after with another ice cold beer which he accepted gratefully. 
Unfortunately, it also came with the offer of a small pill, complete with a smiley yellow face on it which his new friend was most insistent he try. As soon as he took the pill he knew hed crossed a perilous line between being in control and out of it. From that moment onwards, the evening became a blurry montage of stumbling into girls and tripping on the dance floor.
After a few hours, he stepped out of the club to take in a breath of fresh air. Luckily the effects of the pill were starting to wear off, and he decided that he would soon head home. He took a few unsteady steps along the pavement in front of the club, testing his own ability to walk in a straight line. Satisfied that he was now suitably in control he turned around just in time to see a very pink-coloured taxi mount the curb and zoom towards him before making sudden and very painful contact with his body.
Then, the lights simply went out.

Chapter 3

East London, England, 1999 

Youre late again, the history teacher yelled as he took his seat at the back of the lecture hall. Not being a huge fan of history, Richard, aged 18 had recently adopted the tactic of arriving late, sitting right at the back of the classroom, then leaving as soon as he could. Why history studies? Strewth, there were 101 things he would rather do on his Wednesday afternoon than sit here and listen to facts and figures about dead people. Todays topic: World War II. Wow, how original. 
All through his school life people had been telling him about World War II. He highly doubted that today would unearth anything that hadnt been already covered a 100 times before. After the history teacher had finished glaring at him, Richard sat back, relaxed, and sneakily checked his phone for new Facebook updates. 
Mr Constable gazed at Richard for a few seconds then continued his lecture. 
During the second World War, over 100,000 men were forced to work on the so called Death Railway link between Thailand and Burma in appalling conditions. A huge number of men died during construction of the route...
The room started to go blurry for Richard, and he idly noticed that his head was rocking slightly backwards and forwards - oh, he shouldnt have stayed out so late last night. 
He thought hed make it through his lecture day with several strong coffees, but it was definitely payback time now. Mr Constable already hated him, and had often threatened to fail his academic year if his grades didnt improve so he really ought to stay awake. However the compulsion was too strong, the monotonous tone of the lecturer pulling him in, inviting him into a long awaited world of sleep.
Thailand, labour camp, malaria, the words came drifting in and out of his subconscious, and before he knew it he was drifting into a long overdue sleep.
He knew there would be hell to pay when Mr Constable marked his next assignment, but Richard drifted away listing several different things in his head that he would rather be doing than sitting in a history lecture. 
He wanted to see the world. He wanted adventure. He wanted to meet the love of his life! None of these things was going to happen in this lecture hall. 
As the lecture continued the one word that kept looping through his mind just before he fell asleep was Thailand. Without realising it, hed just been introduced to a country that would change his life forever.

Chapter 4

Location: Unknown
Date: Unknown
Time: Unknown

Ive seen lots of movies where people are suddenly mortally injured, and they have this wonderful replay through their life during the last few moments alive. On some of the Hollywood blockbusters, this fleeting overview of your life is complete with a stirring soundtrack, pulsing lights, and beautiful actors and actresses appearing in your line of sight as you move towards the afterlife. Whenever I see these movies I always wonder who experienced one of these flashbacks then came back to life to tell Hollywood producers all about it.
My flashback experience was much more mundane, perhaps I should ask for my money back! All I remember thinking as I span through the air was Why are the taxis pink in Thailand? Hardly the stuff of Hollywood legend I grant you, but then again, I was rather distracted at the time. 
I dont recall the initial impact hurting as such although it must have in reality. All I remember is taking off from the ground, and then after experiencing what it must be like to be weightless for a few seconds, everything faded out. No beautiful actress or actresses weeping over me, no crowd of well-wishers gathered around with candles chanting whilst the orchestra played on. As I said, mundane. Then, I found myself in this empty space, stretching in all directions all around me. No furniture, no people. Not even a magazine to read.
Ive never really been into religion but if this is the afterlife theyve got it all wrong - I mean, regardless of which religion you believe in youd expect that your respective god wouldnt leave you guessing whether you were actually dead or not?
So, here I am in this room, trying to figure out what happens next. Im not sure whether I am standing or sitting at present, it feels more like floating really. There are no points of reference, just a whitish thick mist everywhere which makes it difficult to see more than a few metres in either direction.
No-one to see and no sound in this place. Its just a lot of emptiness and even though there are no discernible sounds its not exactly silent. Theres a gentle hum in the air.
I guess I should be feeling scared, but this environment doesnt feel hostile to me. Its actually kind of mind-numbing, in a relaxing meditative way. After a few moments, I began to relax a little and this wave of calm washes over me. My initial outrage at being dead starts to lessen and this strange sense of contentment begins to grow. After all if this is the eternal afterlife then I may as well try to stay positive about it.

Chapter 5

Bumrungrad Hospital, Bangkok, Thailand
08:40am

Pearl clocked in for her morning shift at the hospital with a few minutes to spare. Her drive across Bangkok this morning had been blissfully free of serious traffic jams. 
Pearl subconsciously flicked back a strand of her brunette hair as she made her way to her ward and the short briefing that marked the changeover from the night shift nurses to the day. Pearl had only been working at the hospital a few months having just graduated from college the previous year. She was 25 years old, just over 5 feet tall and had dark brown hair and eyes. Over the years, Pearls hair had gone through a number of permutations, most notably in college when it had sported pink ends but currently it was cut into a sensible short bob which made it easy to tuck into her nurses cap. 
The Bumrungrad hospital where Pearl worked was a sprawling complex of several different buildings, each focusing on their own especially like Paediatrics or Physiotherapy. The hospital was only five or so years old but the uniformity of the buildings and the industrial off white materials that they had been coated with gave the impression of a much older place. One of the consequences of having separate buildings for each medical specialty at the hospital was that there was always a procession of patients heading from one building to the other for scans and checkups. This constant need to move patients from one building to the other was made particularly more difficult in the rainy season when the porters would have to dash from building to building in order to keep the patient as dry as possible. 
Pearl had once asked why the hospital had been designed this way, and she was told that separate units helped to keep infections from spreading, but unofficially Pearl wondered whether the design was just used to increase the number of staff needed to run the hospital.  
 Despite the early hour of the day, it had already been a long day for her, and she wasnt looking forward to the endless list of chores they seemed to enjoy assigning her in the hospital. She enjoyed meeting and talking with the patients, but recently her job had seemed to switch to more administration type tasks which were definitely less engaging. 
Things had been fairly quiet at the hospital recently but a couple of days ago theyd brought in the injured foreigner and admitted him straight into intensive care. Hed been brought here as the main unit nearest Khao San road was currently over capacity, something to do with a number of tourists being admitted with acute poisoning symptoms after an illegal rave was held in a disused warehouse there. 
The tourist was in his early to mid 30s, had dark brown hair, and hadnt awakened since they put him in the VIP room of the ICU. She hadnt yet been to his room since he was admitted, but she was curious about him, particularly when she heard the hospital administrator mention the fact that they didnt have any information about him. Apparently, hed been found without any form of identification and no-one was at the scene of the accident where the paramedics found him.
In normal cases when a foreigner was admitted, the hospitals first step would be to contact the correct embassy for the nationality of the patient so that they could inform the patients family, but without ID they couldnt formally admit the patient. This had caused a great deal of gossip amongst the staff as apparently the hospital administrator was getting madder by the day that they had a patient he could neither formally admit or even transfer to another hospital. Reluctantly, the administrator had agreed to provide basic care to the patient until a formal identity could be established. 
By all accounts, the patient was completely unaware of the political storm his arrival had caused. Later on that morning Pearl bumped into a friend of hers who worked on the ICU, who reported that the patient was still comatose but had strong, vital signs. 
How on earth did he end up here? Pearl thought as she carried a stack of deliveries across the corridor to the Radiology department. 

Chapter 6

Koh Phangan Island, Thailand (a few weeks earlier)

There must have been several thousand people on the beautiful white sandy beach of Koh Phangan that night. He sat there with his cocktail, artfully served in a giant plastic bucket, and watched the heaving mass of humanity before him move to the mashed rhythm of the music emanating from several different DJs spread along the beach front.
His trusty, but now severely tattered lonely planet guide book had told him that only 25 people attend the first full moon party back in 1985. Well, it had certainly expanded since then. He couldnt actually see where the mass of people ended from his current sitting position on the beach, but there must have been several thousand here with him tonight. The music was loud and fast. The full moon shone brightly on the beach, and the party goers spread out in all directions along it. The party was excellent, and everyone seemed to be thoroughly enjoying themselves along the moonlit beach. 
He thought there was even the possibility that hed be going home with a blonde girl called Leah, definitely a good party from his perspective then. Shed come over about an hour ago to talk to him. The odd thing was he hadnt made that much effort to talk to her and yet she seemed to be hanging on his every word. Its odd how that happened sometimes.
The party continued well into the night. His bucket of mixed red bull and miscellaneous spirits served him well, and he enjoyed the general laid back ambiance of the other revellers. Things progressed with Leah, and he finished the night on a high as it were but inside he still felt empty. The fake happiness of the revellers, the hit and miss romance of his encounter with Leah. He just felt that there was no substance to it and even though he kept going to these supposedly must see events he still hadnt found the peace that hed hoped Thailand would provide.

Chapter 7
 
East London, United Kingdom
09:04am Monday morning.

Ive lost my pass again grumbled the woman, holding her new high-end Iphone up to her ear in one hand and held an overpriced chain brand coffee in the other. She hadnt finished her phone conversation to talk to him; she had just stated her purpose and waited impatiently for him to give her a temporary card for access to the building. 
Im afraid, Mrs Kennedy, that were only allowed to issue 3 temporary passes in a 1 month period he replied to her, fearing the outburst that would likely be forthcoming soon.
The woman didnt seem to register this at first but then noticing that she had still not received her temporary pass she asked the entity on the other end of the telephone to hang on whilst she diverted her attention away from her phone for the first time. 
Look, lets not go through this again she replied huffily. Weve both got better things to argue about than how many passes Ive used this month. Signalling the end of the conversation, she turned her eyes away and refocused her attention back on the call.
Sighing, he picked up the phone to call his manager. He knew how the rest of this interaction would pan out already, but he had been told repeatedly to follow the rule book. The procedure was to report any member of staff repeatedly losing their staff pass to his manager Tim Johnson. 
However, Tim, keen to keep things calm at the office nearly always balked at the possible confrontation that would occur if he were to refuse the staff member access (as the policy insisted) and he would no doubt back down again making him feel very foolish for raising the matter in the first place.
Hi, Mr Johnson he said into the phone whilst the woman voiced her displeasure by tutting loudly Ive got Linda Kennedy in the reception here requesting another temporary staff pass. Its the 4th time this has happened this month, and I just thought Id check with you that its ok to issue it to her. 
Tim Johnson sighed down the phone. Linda Kennedy again! He quickly weighed up the possibility of trying to stick to the policy but then decided again that Linda was just the type of person to complain loudly to senior management about her treatment. Wearily he told the kid on the security desk to give her another security card anyway. 
Linda Kennedy didnt even thank him as she walked away, still talking loudly into her cell phone. He sighed and looked up at the next person in line, knowing that it would undoubtedly be another temporary staff pass request. It was definitely going to be a long week. The next person in line smiled at him. 
You look like you need a holiday she quipped.
He totally agreed.

Chapter 8

Bumrungrad Hospital, Bangkok, Thailand

Over the past few weeks, Pearl still hadnt had much interaction with the mystery patient in the hospital. She had learnt that this condition was not considered life-threatening, but he had remained unconscious ever since being admitted.
Initially, he had required bandaging and stitches for a head injury he sustained during the hit and run accident. However, these injuries had healed well and now as a coma patient his needs were pretty simple. Pearl was only now occasionally asked to help with basic medical care; monitoring his vital signs, ensuring that he was turned regularly and that his various IVs were kept topped up. Regularly turning him was also important to prevent bed sores.
The initial excitement of having an unidentified patient had worn off at the hospital and Pearl knew that no-one was any closer to identifying him. After a few days, the hospital administrator had sent a detailed description and photograph of the patients face to the local police who had in turn circulated it nationally and then internationally via Interpols missing person service but they had received no response so far.
Pearl found it incredible that no-one had missed this man back in his home country. Was there no family looking for him? What about a girlfriend or wife? Pearl couldnt believe that no-one was looking for him, especially when she imagined the lengths her parents would go to find her if she ever got into trouble.  
During the quieter days, she found herself making up possible stories for his arrival in Bangkok. In one day dream, she imagined him as a criminal on the run. He had obviously robbed a bank back in his own country and then had come to Thailand to hide from the authorities. He had been living the high life until being run over by a paid assassin. That would explain why no-one was looking for him, he must have deleted all traces of his identity back in his home country. 
It was as good an explanation as any, but Pearl couldnt really believe that the man she was caring for was a criminal. She couldnt really explain it, but when she looked at him she just had this feeling that he was a nice person inside. 

***

Life at the hospital continued as normal and eventually the patient was moved down from intensive care down to a private room on the general ward. 
Later that week Pearl found herself walking past his room and stopping to look in on him again. From the conversations that shed had with the nurses in the break room shed learnt that he hadnt shown any signs of recovery yet. Just how did he end up on the other side of the world without having met anyone along the way who could tell them who he was?

***

After work that evening Pearl decided to take a diversion on her way home to see her favourite fortune teller in Sala Daeng. Pearl had been brought up in both the United States and Thailand, so she had ended up with a holistic view of religion and spirituality and was equally comfortable in a Catholic church or Buddhist temple. 
Pearl had been introduced to this particular fortune teller at a young age. Even though it had been years since her first meeting with the aged fortune teller Khun Nattapong never seemed to age. He preferred to conduct his readings on the pavement, balanced in the lotus position on an old rug, and still used the same tarot card deck he had used on her first reading all of those years ago.
Khun Nattapong greeted her warmly as she joined him on the carpet whilst commuters rushed by them on their way home. When it got dark Nattapong would turn on a small battery powered light but for the moment it was light enough to see without it. 
Hi Pearl, Nattapong said as he looked up to see her. It could well be Pearls imagination, but he never seemed surprised to see her, even though it could easily be months between her visits. 
Hi, Pearl replied how have you been?
I cannot complain Nattapong replied as he reached for his well worn tarot deck and started idling shuffling the deck. Is there a particular question you would like me to try and answer during your reading today?
Pearl thought back to her last prediction just over six months ago. She had come to Khun Nattapong for career guidance. At the time, she had just finished college and despite enjoying the academic study had no real idea of what sort of work she would like. The reading from Nattapong had been very clear, find a job where you will help people, this will give clarity to your life purpose. Shortly after the reading Pearl had applied to the Nurse training programme at the hospital where she now worked. Pearl knew that logically she may well have made the same decision without the reading, but she preferred to remain open minded about the effectiveness of the tarot cards. Anyway Khun Nattapong had known her many years now and even without his special cards and slightly theatrical delivery style Pearl was sure that he could be counted on to give good advice.
I dont have any specific questions at the moment Pearl replied as Nattapong started laying out his cards in a special pattern, known only to himself. It would just be nice to have a reading focusing on what will happen to me in the next few months.
Nattapong nodded but didnt say anything back; he was concentrating intently on the cards, turning each one slowly over in his hands before laying them out in a grid-like pattern. Behind them, a male and female western tourist stopped to witness the reading and Nattapong was lit up with pure white light from their camera smartphone as they snapped a picture of the action. Pearl couldnt begrudge them their curiosity, but she always thought it rude when people took photos without asking. She was definitely not there for their entertainment.
Nattapong laid the final card out on the grid. This one was the Justice" card, and Pearl tried to recall if she had ever seen it before.
Hmmm Nattapong mused as he gazed down at the cards.
What are the cards telling you? Pearl asked, trying to make sense of the various symbols laid out in front of her. She could see the Tower Card, a Magician card, The Lovers, and the final Justice card. Over the years, Pearls mother had tried to teach her daughter about the various possible meanings of the cards, but unfortunately it hadnt sunk in much.
He didnt reply at first. He just sat looking at the cards. Finally, he sighed and then looked up at Pearl. This reaction was completely unexpected; Pearls readings had only ever been positive before, but Nattapong looked like he was about to break the terrible news to her.
This is really interesting Pearl he started slowly I see a great happiness in your near future but there is a large obstacle in its way.
He paused for a few moments whilst returning his gaze to the stack of cards. He carefully lifted up the Justice card and held it out towards her.
You have a rare combination of Justice and The Lovers cards. I interpret this to mean that in order to meet your one true love you must correct the wrong that has been done, a wrong that you may even have had a part in.
Pearls mind was racing, correct a wrong? What was he talking about? Pearl thought back over the past few weeks and couldnt think of anyone she had wronged. Well, apart from a few cars on the road occasionally beeping at her as she tried to enter traffic at a busy junction and that angry taxi driver from a few weeks ago but how was she meant to go back and fix those wrongs?
As if reading her thoughts Nattapong elaborated further. This is not an insignificant wrong Pearl, he said simply. I see a life hanging in the balance and you will have a huge part to play in saving it.
But Khun Nattapong, I work in a hospital. Pearl replied. Are the cards talking about my normal work with patients?
No, this is definitely something more challenging Pearl  Nattapong replied. I see the opportunity for great happiness in your future, but you will need to go above and beyond your day to day work to achieve it. Just be on the lookout for someone who needs your help more than any other.

Chapter 9 

Heathrow airport, London

He sat on the hard, wooden and heavily marked bench on the aged underground train with his rucksack delicately balanced between his legs. He unconsciously checked for his passport in his jean's pocket every few minutes and ran through his mental packing list one last time. His constant mantra of I can always buy anything Ive forgotten when I get there didnt seem to be doing the trick in calming him down. Despite his nervousness, he was excited. All of the planning was finally coming together, and he would be soon heading off. He had no idea what to expect from Thailand, but he was sure it had to be better than his monotonous 9 - 5 existence here in East London.
Thailand. The land of smiles. He couldnt wait for his life to change. For years, he had considered doing something different, travelling the world, seeing new cultures, and just breaking out of his protective shell. However, it had never seemed to be the right time, there was always another bill, another thing to save up for. Then, hed met someone, and suddenly he had been racing towards being in a serious relationship and even saving for a house deposit.
Somehow the element of fun and adventure that hed be so looking forward to had just jumped by. After a few different jobs, hed ended up as a security guard in Global Enterprise Bank dealing with lost pass requests all day and desperately trying to stay awake.
Then last month two things had happened that totally switched the situation on its head. Firstly, he had lost his job. He still wasnt entirely sure why. One day, he had been minding his own business when hed been asked to escort someone up to the working floor of the bank. His name had been James Gold, and even though he didnt know who he was he could see that a lot of people were keen to keep track of his movements. Whilst escorting him around the building, hed had to check in every few minutes to his very stressed manager.
Whilst walking him up to the working floor, hed made the mistake of asking a stranger what he was visiting for.
Oh, Im here to try and stop your crazy C.A.R.L computer system from causing a global recession the man had replied cheerfully. Hed thought he was joking until the next day when he was dismissed without notice. Hed since seen his ex employer in the news almost hourly; it looked like they really did have a crazy computer there causing chaos. Maybe it had been a good time to get out of that place. Just to add icing to the cake a few days after being fired his girlfriend unceremoniously sat him down and announced that things were over between them. It was a little hard to take in as it had arrived completely out of the blue. As far as he was concerned theyd been well on their way to setting up home and arguing about which shade of off-white theyd end up painting their lounge. However, she obviously felt different and had told him it wasnt him, and her feelings had changed.
All in all, not a good week really.

Chapter 10 

Bangkok, Thailand

After enjoying a long weekend in Bangkok to celebrate the Thai new year festival of Songkran, Pearl was in high spirits when she arrived for work on a Tuesday morning in Bumrungrad hospital. Even the traffic on the notorious Asok interchange, which sometimes alone usually took her 30 minutes to cross, had been flowing relatively freely. She had been reflecting back on what the fortune teller had told her over the weekend. Even though she wouldnt consider herself a true believer the precise instructions had surprised her. On her previous visits, the predictions had always been so very open to interpretation but on this occasion her mission was clear. In order to reach great happiness, she had to find someone that she had wronged in some way and help them as best she could. 
Pearl passed the other nurses and her friends on the way past the various wards to her usual area. It often took several minutes for her to reach her workstation from the entrance as her colleagues were always so ready to stop and chat and find out what she had been up to, especially after a public holiday.
Pearl had enjoyed a very quiet weekend, just spending time with her family and two pet dogs which were the closest things to a man in her life at the moment. This was much to the annoyance of her parents who felt that, at her age, she should be well on her way to producing the next generation by now. 
As Pearl arrived on the ward, she could immediately feel the tension in the air. Normally there would only be a single doctor on duty at this time of day, but as Pearl approached the nurses station she saw at least three doctors clustered by the doorway of the mystery patients room.
Whats going on? she asked one of the junior doctors she had known since medical school, who went by the nickname Gung (meaning Shrimp). 
Its the sick farang he replied, ensuring they were out of earshot of the other two doctors who were both intently looking at his charts. 
He was stable when I left before Songkran Pearl exclaimed whats wrong?. 
No-one is sure the young doctor replied. Then, seeing the other doctor beckoning him he quickly added, but better keep a close eye on him today until we work out what the problem is. With that, he walked back to the others, who having finished their discussion, proceeded to the next stop on their rounds.
Pearl resumed work as normal but made sure that she checked on the patient slightly more regularly. Sure enough, the patients condition was worsening. She noted a gradual reduction in his blood pressure throughout the day and shortly before she finished the doctors returned and gravely consulted their notes. This blood pressure drop is very serious one of the senior doctors observed. 
Indeed Khun Kam, I can think of no immediate reason why he should change status so quickly. We really need to do some exploratory surgery as soon as possible. 
And who would pay for that rebuked the other doctor? Even the preliminary exam will cost over 80,000 BHT and we dont know whether this patient has any insurance or not. His colleague agreed this point, but it felt very wrong to be denying the patient the investigation he needed to determine why his condition was worsening.
Furthermore, even if we did find the cause, any additional procedures required could run to millions! With that, the doctor sighed, made a note in the patients medical records and got ready to move on to the next patient. Just to complicate things further we dont have any medical history on this patient. Its just too risky to operate in the dark like this. Im afraid were just going to monitor his condition going forward, and Im going to recommend that we do not schedule any elective surgery until his next of kin and medical insurance status can be established.
The other doctors readily agreed and looked like they were ready to move onto their next case. Pearl couldnt believe the discussion that she had just heard. Surely their code of ethics, swearing to protect the sick and injured would compel them to do something to help a foreigner. It wasnt his fault that no family had yet been found to approve the costly operations. Letting someone die just because you did not know whom they were seemed morally wrong, and Pearl felt compelled to say something.
I agree with both of you Pearl interjected suddenly, breaking a long but unspoken hospital tradition of nurses not interfering with Doctors prognosis. Ideally we would need consent from the patients family and confirmation of his medical insurance eligibility before continuing but this is a highly unusual case. I cannot believe that we will risk this patient dying because of these administration questions. Surely our ethical code and our obligations as Buddhists compel us to do something for this man?
Both Pearl and the doctors were equally surprised by her sudden outburst. Pearl, quickly playing back the exchange in her head was relieved to find that she had said nothing offensive to the doctors, but it was still very unusual for her to act like this.
The doctors, stunned for a few seconds, quickly collected themselves and walked away without replying directly to her. Pearl knew that shed made a valid point about ethics. Often, hospital policy, and the need to keep wards to budgets meant that difficult decisions had to be taken. However, at the heart of every decision should be the desire to see a patient well and by the looks in their eyes Pearl could see that she had successfully reminded the doctors of that oath they had all taken.
Whether they complained to the hospital administrator and her direct boss Khun Kob about her interjection was another matter entirely, and she was sure that she would hear from him soon.

Chapter 11

Bumrungrad Hospital, Bangkok

The decision came down from the hospital administrator that the exploratory operation should go ahead, albeit with a strict limit the cost for the operation. Apparently Pearls words had had the desired effect on the doctors, but that still hadnt stopped her from getting a written warning about her conduct later on from the hospital administrator.
During that day, she helped prepare her patient for surgery. She paused as she finished changing him into a surgical gown and realised that shed begun thinking of him as her patient. When did that happen? she wondered. Ever since she had jumped into remind the doctors of their ethical duty to at least try and diagnose the patient Pearl had felt increasingly responsible for him. 
Despite his ongoing coma physically the patient was doing well. His facial bruising had reduced significantly since the accident, and he no longer had bandages around his head. His hair had nearly fully regrown, covering the shaved area that they had inspected after the accident. He had grown quite a significant beard and Pearl wondered whether she should shave it at some point during a quieter shift. Despite the beard though he looked a lot more normal now. Looking again at him, she was struck by how handsome he looked. He had strong features, including a proud roman nose, and thick brown eyebrows. She hadnt yet seen what colour eyes he had, but she imagined that they would be dark to match this brown hair and eyes. 
She walked with him along the clinically clean and shining bright white corridor towards the Operating Theatre. However, as they started wheeling him down the corridor his countenance definitely changed to something approaching a frown. None of the others noticed the change, but Pearl felt with certainty that he was aware of being moved.

Chapter 12

Location: unknown

The white space around me started moving. Voices came drifting out of the mist, and I felt very scared, and incredibly alone in my own personal hell. I felt suddenly disoriented, which was surprising as I had no idea whether I was facing up, down, or sideways in this ethereal space. I knew I was being taken somewhere, and it felt like I was in danger.
I try to call out to the people taking me away, please stop. Put me back where its safe. I scream at the top of my lungs, but no words come out. I try my best to stop my movement further into the mist, but it is useless.

Chapter 13

Bumrungrad Hospital, Bangkok

Please stop the trolley for a second, Pearl said urgently to the porters who were pushing the bed along the corridor. 
We have to be in the OR in a few minutes, said the lead porter Boyd, whats the problem?
The patient is in distress Pearl replied calmly, ignoring Boyd, who was always notoriously difficult to deal with.
He looks fine replied Boyd sarcastically, I mean, how can you tell when hes been in a coma for the past few weeks?.
Pearl ignored him again and turned her attention to the patient. She put her hands over his and in Thai tried her best to reassure him. 
Dont worry, were taking you somewhere safe. Were doing our best to help you. She gently rubbed his hands whilst she continued youll be back on the ward very soon. Pearl had no idea whether he could hear or feel her touch but, after a few minutes of trying to reassure him, she indicated to Boyd that they should continue to the theatre.
Muttering under his breath, Boyd nodded at his colleague and together they resumed the journey towards the operation that would hopefully uncover the cause of the blood pressure drop.

Chapter 14

Bangkok, Thailand

After a few days, Pearl heard through the hospital receptionist that the doctors were meeting again to discuss the patients surgery results. Knowing that it would probably be frowned on, Pearl made her way to the Doctors lounge and asked to sit in on their meeting.
Unable to think of a strong enough reason to reject her request the doctors reluctantly agreed. They started the meeting by summarising the patients presented condition, the gradual dropping of his blood pressure, and then moved on to the actual prognosis.
Im afraid that the scans confirm the presence of a large brain tumour in his upper right brain quadrant the senior doctor said without preamble. 
The tumour could possibly be benign but if it is growing then it risks restricting blood flow to the patients brain. At this point, the doctor brought out a few of the brain scans that had been taken during the operation.
You can see the mass here, in the top right quadrant of his brain. Hes had the condition for a very long time, and Im really surprised that he wasnt already presenting symptoms before. 
The doctors clustered around the scan. Even though Pearl wasnt a cancer specialist even she could see the ominous dark lumpy shape. 
How long would that have been growing for? Pearl asked the doctor closest to her.
Its really hard to tell he replied, still tracing the outline of the growth absently with the tip of his pen. It depends on how aggressive the tumour is. Some tumours like this develop slowly but steadily, others are more sporadic. We wont know which type of tumour this is until we have monitored it for a while longer.
But what will happen to the patient if we do not remove the tumour asked Pearl, shocked by the size of the object lodged in her patients brain. The doctor looked at her sympathetically. 
If the tumour continues to develop, the patient will need it removing. Leaving it in place could seriously complicate his breathing, brain function, and even pose a risk of death. It is very serious indeed. During the operation, we managed to remove a small portion of the tumour but we are going to need to operate again to remove it all. Needless to say, the costs for such a procedure will be very high, and we also have the complication that no-one can give consent for the operation which is very dangerous. 
Pearl nodded, appreciating the difficulty of the situation.  After a few minutes of additional conversation, the doctors moved on to another topic. They all agreed that further surgery would soon be required, but that meant again approaching the hospital administrator with a request to fund the operation themselves.
Later on that day Pearl heard through the grapevine that the hospital administrator had asked how much the patient had already cost and how much the additional operation would likely cost. Rumour had it that the administrator had taken one look at the estimate and had dismissed the possibility of approving further surgery outright. 
A very outspoken and traditional man who had worked in hospital management all of his life, the administrator, was notorious for putting costs first, and his financial approach had set him against the medical staff who focused on the patients needs first.
Pearl was not at all surprised to hear that the administrator had blocked the operation based on cost. The only question was whether the rest of the medical staff would stand by and let her patient die to save money. She sincerely hoped not.

Chapter 15

Bangkok, Thailand

Unfortunately, by the end of the week her hope for the administrator changing his mind looked increasingly doubtful. She had heard that the doctors had been lobbying the administrator all week, quoting medical ethics and even Buddhist philosophy in an attempt to get him to change his mind. However, he had reportedly been resolute that the operation would not go ahead, after all there were several more patients that required their help.
Having been initially relieved that they had finally worked out what was wrong with the man, Pearl could now see that they were quite prepared to let him die over this matter of money. This attitude seemed to be totally unjust and totally went against the teachings of The Thai Nurses' Association Code of Ethics.
No-one seemed to want to do anything to help the stranger. Surely it couldnt be that difficult to find out someones identity in this wonderful day and age? After her shift that evening Pearl went to see a good friend, Pusa in the Thonglor district of Bangkok. The traffic was so bad cutting across Bangkok that she eventually gave up, parked her trusty Toyota Altis and got on the BTS Skytrain system instead. 
About 20 minutes later she knocked on her friends door and was soon given a deliciously cold Singha beer to drink. 
So, how are you doing Pearl asked Pusa as they clinked their bottles together. 
Not bad thanks Pusa she replied after taking a long swig of her beer. Hows it going with you and your new man?.
Ah, hes so immature! Pusa replied quickly but hes good fun. We had a great time last Friday at that new club in Sukhumvit Soi 15 called Matter. Did you see the pictures on Facebook?
No, Im afraid I havent got an account replied Pearl. Could you email me a couple of the pictures?
Not on Facebook! cried Pusa, thats incredible!.
Ive just not gotten around to it yet Pearl replied, I just always seem to be at work or busy at home.
Thats no excuse! It would work on your mobile phone Pusa chided I think youre just scared of anything new. But dont worry, Ill show you how to get set up.
Thats actually the reason I came around to see you, said Pearl, and with that began to tell her friend about the mystery patient in the hospital.
Pusa laughed initially when she heard that Pearl was interested in a male patient at the hospital but went very solemn when she heard his diagnosis.
So, if I get an account on Facebook do you think I could use it to ask people whom this farang is finished Pearl.
Well, I think theres a chance it could help but the first thing youd have to do is create a profile and build up some friends on there. Once youve got some friends on there, you can ask them if they recognise your mystery man!
Creating her actual account took only a few minutes and soon Pearl was looking at her very own Facebook profile. She added a picture that Pusa had taken of her recently as her profile picture and began looking for people she knew on there. She very quickly got her first friend (Pusa) and decided that the next day after work shed put a story on there about her patient and see if anyone had any suggestions.
With the serious aspect of the evening over the girls sat back to enjoy their next beer.

Chapter 16

Bangkok, Thailand

The journey to work the next day seemed to take an eternity. The Rama IV expressway that she travelled on every day to the hospital was just stationary for no apparent reason, and it took a lot of efforts on her part not to let the delays ruin her day or lose the philosophy of Thai cool heart or Jai Yen. Things were made worse by the fact that she wanted to see the patient as soon as possible. After finally reaching work and parking in the staff parking area, Pearl headed straight for his ward, despite the fact she was already late for her shift. 
When she arrived the patient looked comfortable, and she could hear the steady, a reassuring beep from the machine regulating his breathing. However, once she had looked through the notes from the night shift nurse it was clear to see that his condition was steadily worsening.
His vital signs were markedly lower than yesterday, and his blood pressure was now reaching dangerously levels. They had to do something soon, or he would simply die.
The rest of her shift proceeded slowly. Every time she bumped into a colleague in the corridor she would be given an additional task or asked to help move a patient or some other minor matter which meant that she finished her shift over an hour late.
Returning home that evening, Pearl was ready to log into her new Facebook account and start looking for her patients identity. But first she had to get past her parents barrage of questions though and the obligatory family dinner.
Where have you been all evening Pearl asked her mother as she ladled out a generous portion of chicken rice with cashew nut onto her daughters plate. We were worried about you.
Just working late at the hospital Ma Pearl replied it was a busy day.
You shouldnt be working so late all of the time her mother chided your father and I hardly ever see you.
Yes Pearl, chipped in her father. When are you going to stop working so hard and start thinking about having a family? 
Im only 28 father Pearl replied, slightly exasperated to be having this conversation again so soon after the last big debate about her future, and I enjoy the work I do. Whats wrong with that?
Were just worried that youre missing out on a chance at meeting that special someone her mother said calmly whilst ladling the steaming Tom Yung soup that was boiling on the table. You know that your father and I just worry about you, working these long hours.
Im fine Ma replied Pearl somewhat pacified but if I happen to meet someone I like then Ill let you both know so that you can stop worrying about me so much.
With the current topic, exhausted the conversation moved on to more mundane matters. Pearl quickly finished her dinner and then excused herself from the table. As soon as she could she logged on to her computer and Facebook. Even though shed only been on the site for a day, she could already see the power of it as a platform. She now had 15 friend requests, mainly from people she went to school with. As soon as she accepted their requests her page started filling up with news, photos, and other miscellaneous events from this new pool of people.
Encouraged by the ease at which she had started her Facebook activity Pearl made her first post:
Hi. Do any of you know how I might be able to identify a mystery foreign man? A few seconds later, a series of comments appeared under the post. Unfortunately for Pearl, none of them were particularly helpful.
Wow, thats an original way to look for a boyfriend! quipped an old school friend.
Are you stalking this man? quipped a friend of hers that she hadnt seen for several years. 
If youre lonely just let me know and I will come around to keep you warm added another new Facebook friend going by the nickname BigMan13.
The ridicule continued for many more minutes. Pearl was stunned. She hadnt expected a magical solution to appear straight away, but she thought her friends would be more supportive. She quickly shut down the computer and got ready for bed. She obviously needed to rethink her approach.

Chapter 17

Location: unknown

Suddenly the dull, pale white shades of the room changed into a vivid palette of colour. Finally, he thought - something is happening! The swirling colours materialised into a scene he had witnessed so many times before that he had lost count. The transition from the featureless surroundings to the sharp, clear image in front of him was so quick that his eyes took a few seconds to adjust.
The car accident played out before him like an eerie silent movie. He saw the initial impact, which looked innocent enough, but then continued to watch as the car ricocheted off the side barrier of the road, collided with another car and began to flip. 
After reading the medical reports so many times, he knew that this eventual flip of the car would kill both of his parents and prematurely and permanently end his childhood years. 
He could never understand how this memory, flashback, whatever could be so vivid when hed not actually been at the scene of the accident that claimed both his mother and fathers lives. Hed been several miles away at the time visiting a friend and drinking far too many beers. Hed missed several calls from the police that evening after passing out on his friends couch. It was only the next morning when he listened to the multitude of answer machine messages with a heavy hangover that he realised his life had completely changed just while hed been asleep.
The following months after disappeared in a blur of grief, consolations from people he didnt really know and a mountain of paperwork and legal steps that had to be taken. 
The worst time of his life, and it repeatedly played out in front of his eyes. Typical.

Chapter 18

Bangkok, Thailand

Pearls first few efforts on Facebook had not gone well. She had succeeded in generating a lot of silly comments with her first enquiries about the foreign man or farang, and she had learnt a lot about what her previous school friends were now up in their lives, but she was no closer to finding out anything useful. 
That evening, she drove back to her friend Pusas house to commiserate her lack of progress. 
Pusa lived in a new condominium complex over in Ratchadamri right by the BTS station. Her one bedroom apartment was really convenient to get to, much easier than Pearls long drive into the city each morning. Pusas apartment was on the twenty fifth floor and looked back over the BTS line running towards the main business centre of Sukhumvit. Further in the distance, you could see several other high rise condominiums, and even further back the outer wall of one of the huge shopping malls close by. 
From Pusas apartment, you could also see into the rooms of several other close by condominiums and the activities of their occupants. At night, with the interior lights on in the individual apartments it was easy to see people coming and going. Pusa didnt have any blinds or curtains covering her living room balcony window, and despite the convenience of having a centrally located apartment, Pearl, who was quite a private person, wasnt sure that this close quarters living would really be for her. She much preferred having a little space around her and not living so high up.
The apartment was tastefully but sparsely furnished. The living room was dominated by a huge flat screen television bolted to the wall and a comfortable L-shaped sofa. The small U-shaped kitchen area was stainless steel and black granite worktop and Pusas bedroom so far only featured her bed and the built in wardrobe and doorway leading off to the ensuite bathroom. Pearl knew that the apartment would have cost several Million Baht, but none of Pusas friends had yet built up sufficient courage to ask how she had managed to purchase the place as Pusas work at the local Ministry of Labour couldnt possibly have been paying enough to cover the repayments on the place. Pearl suspected that Pusa had either come into some money or that her family were helping her financially. Either that or she might have acquired a very rich boyfriend that she was keeping secret from the group.
After Pusa had completed the tour of the apartment, she gestured for Pearl to take a seat on the comfortable sofa and went off routing through the fridge for something to offer her guest.
 Beer? Or would you prefer a soft drink she asked Pearl with her head stuck in the fridge door.
Coke would be great if you have it Pearl replied.
Pusa soon returned and sat down next to Pearl. She had forgone Beer as well and drank from a large glass of chilled water whilst she handed over the glass of Coke to Pearl.
So, how are you Pearl? Pusa began. 
With that, Pearl began to update Pusa on the last couple of weeks at work before finally getting around to the current problem of the unidentified patient.
Pusa listened intently and asked good questions throughout Pearls update.
Why are you so keen to find out who this person is? asked Pusa when shed heard Pearls update.
I dont know really, it just seems such a shame that he has no-one looking out for him, visiting him, or even knowing that hes injured replied Pearl before pausing to take a drink.
Well, you know the problem with Facebook is that youre limited to communicating with your group of friends. Its harder to get a message out to a wider group of people on it said Pusa after a few moments thought. Why dont you try Twitter as well, it reaches a much broader audience and you can even categorise your posts so that its easier for people to find your message.
Do you use Twitter as well as Facebook asked Pearl, who up until now had not heard of Twitter. What is the main difference between the two tools?
Well, with Twitter youre limited to just 140 characters, unlike Facebook where you can write really long messages, like the ones Ive seen on your profile wall replied Pusa with a smile. Twitter is a lot more focused, but so many people use it that I think its your farangs best chance.
Can you help me setup my account? asked Pearl.
Absolutely, replied Gung what would you do without me.
With a few clicks on her friends computer Pearl, soon had her own Twitter account set up and ready to communicate with the world.

Chapter 19

Location: unknown

Time seemed to have been standing still for several hours now. After each replay of key life moments, the aura around him returned to its usual neutral shade. I wonder what the point of having these flashbacks is, he mused whilst hanging around in the interminable space. Again, he had no previous conceptions of what the afterlife would be like, but one description that hed never heard before was that you could be dead... and bored...
Suddenly the mist started dissolving around him, usually a sign that another premonition was about to begin - just great he thought. He was back at the car scene again, one of his worst nightmares and a scene that hed seen so many times before, it seemed even harsher to subject him to it in the afterlife. 
For years after the crash, hed tried his best to kid himself that he was fine that the accident hadnt affected him that much and that he gotten over it as one of his less tactful friends had suggested. However, deep down he knew that it had profoundly changed his character. As soon as hed found himself alone in the world hed put a barrier around himself for protection - unfortunately that barrier had also effectively kept others from ever getting close to him.
The replay started again in front of him, in crystal clear clarity as always. Every sound reverberated around his ears. He found himself unable to turn away from the scenes, even though he never wanted to see them again. Then something different. 
He felt, rather than saw her in the vision. It was hard to explain, but he just knew that he was no longer alone in his vision of hell. There was a warm, reassuring presence somewhere just out of sight behind his back. He found himself trying to turn to look at this welcome company but found himself fixed in position. There were sounds emanating from the stranger, a warm, caring voice, but it was talking in a language that he could not understand.
However, even just knowing that someone was there with him was a huge relief, and without knowing who the person was, he felt profoundly reassured. He was no longer alone in this haunting vision. For the first time, he watched the recap of his parents fatal crash with someone standing alongside. 
Whoever you are, he thought, thank you.

Chapter 20

Bangkok, Thailand

Pearl had been tweeting all weekend and had rapidly found new contacts and additional friends on the internet. She had discovered that some topics or trends were discussed by millions of people and that most of them tended to be discussions on various celebrities or items in the news.
One story she read that startled her. Twitter had been used during the famous Arab Spring movement a few months where people had used it in their protest against the government and had eventually caused the resignation of their leader. Twitter had literally toppled governments!
With so much potential at her fingertips, she started looking for topics/discussions that focused on missing people and rapidly found several large groups posting pictures/descriptions of people they would like to locate. She was encouraged to see that immediately there were cases where people had been found!
Morning everyone. We are pleased to announce that 47 year old Myrddyn Pendragon was found. Thanks again for your RTs. #goodnews
She put her first tweet about the foreigner out on the internet and gave it a topic tag of #missingperson. After her first few disastrous test posts on Facebook Pearl added more detail about the man this time.
White male, 511, age approx mid 30s, brown hair/hazel eyes, no tattoos/piercings #bangkok #missingperson
Now she just had to see if it did any good. She sent various other tweets during the day but aside from a few sympathetic mentions no-one came back to her with any useful information.
Just before she left for work that evening though a single message did come through to her on her new smartphone (bought specifically because she was spending so much time checking for emails).
The message was short (possibly because Twitter only lets you use 140 characters at a time) but to the point.
Hi, saw your tweet. You should really have a picture of the man to help people identify him.
Of course! She had realised that he had no obvious descriptive marks on him but hadnt made the now obvious connection in her mind that she could also attach pictures to her twitter posts. It was a huge breach of hospital rules but Pearl knew that shed take a photo of the mans face as soon as she was presented with the opportunity.
Later that evening at the hospital Pearl popped in to see the man and tell him about her plans to find his family. She had enjoyed a relatively quiet day and took some time sitting with the man, talking to him in Thai, and ensuring he was lying comfortably.
She couldnt quite explain it, but the more time she spent with him, the better she felt she knew him. She hoped that when she eventually got to speak to the man she would still feel the same way about him. She also realised that she was hoping that he didnt already have a partner waiting back for him wherever he came from.
Unfortunately, that just wasnt to be the case.

Chapter 21

London, England

Aisling scrolled through the list of updates on her Facebook and Twitter accounts whilst half-watching the family drama playing on the soap opera on her TV. As she looked through all of her friends updates and idly wondered why so many people posted pictures of cats and dogs on Facebook one post caught her eye.
A few weeks ago her good friend Abi had told her that she hadnt heard from Richard ever since he set off on his dream trip to Thailand. Even though they had broken up shortly before he decided to go exploring she had hoped to remain friendly with him, and it was unusual that he hadnt posted anything on his own travel blog or Facebook page for over three weeks. 
Abi had been getting increasingly worried so Aisling had set up a number of searches and alerts for any stories about injured people in Thailand. She hated to think that something bad could have happened to Richard but she just wanted to keep an eye open for any potential leads.
The story that had caught her eye read as follows.
 White male, 511, age approx mid 30s, brown hair/hazel eyes, no tattoos/piercings #bangkok #missingperson
It was one story amongst several others describing men of the approximate age who were missing in other parts of Thailand but Aisling knew that Richard would have passed through Bangkok at some point in his journey so clicked on the link for more information.
Frustratingly there was no photo attached to the post, just the vague description with a few additional lines of text stating who had made the post. Apparently it was a user called Pearl in Bangkok. 
Aisling decided to save it for later. She didnt want to build her friend Abis hopes unnecessarily, after all a lot of people simply disappeared all around the world but she just had a feeling that this particular tweet might be worth looking into. Aisling grudgingly returned to her afternoon work. She was due to chat with Abi later on anyway, she could always mention this post then.

Chapter 22

Edinburgh, Scotland

Meanwhile, just over 400 miles north in Edinburgh, Abi was having a stressful day in the office. The atmosphere in the place had been really tense the past few months with the current financial climate, and she knew that the senior managers were planning a reduction in the firms size. However, no-one knew when the redundancies would begin or how severe they would be.
The stress was beginning to take its toll on both her work and private life. She had only recently moved up to Edinburgh, specifically for this role, and here she was, less than 3 months into the job facing possible termination.
Normally a positive person, Abi had found herself increasingly worrying what would happen if she did have to leave the firm. Her rental house had been signed for a years contract and also she dreaded returning to London. Her recent breakup with Richard, and the division of friends that it had caused were still painful in her memory. Worst of all was that despite being so certain at the time she ended things with him, ever since she had wondered if shed made a terrible mistake. How are you supposed to know if someone is the one she thought? Theyd been getting along well, planning on setting up home together, but deep down her heart of hearts shed just felt that they werent right for each other.
Despite the amount of time she spent thinking about whether to end things or not the breakup was still too raw to contemplate returning to family places and familiar friends. Unbeknown to her Richard has just lost his job when she went around to tell him it was over. Despite the fact that shed been trying to make up her mind for months, half of their friends were adamant that she chose the time to break up with him to be particularly cruel, and the other half of her friends suspected that shed finished it because hed lost his job. Both accusations hurt terribly and Abi had soon found that even a city as large as London had become too claustrophobic for her and so shed jumped at the chance to start a new life up North. If there was only some way to clear things with Richard though, she wanted him to know that losing his job had nothing to do with their breakup, and secretly she wanted to get back in touch with him once again just to see whether her heart and head had deceived her when shed decided to break up in the first place.
It was all just so complicated! The rest of the day dragged, and tempers were rife in the office. Abi was so glad when the clock finally struck 5, meaning she could head home, grab a glass of wine and have a long overdue catch up with Aisling, who seemed to have taken it on as a personal mission to connect her and Richard again on some sort of ultimate romance quest.
Abi knew that Richard had shortly gone traveling after their breakup, not giving his travel plans to any of his friends, and even once his journey back, posting very limited information about his current whereabouts on his Facebook page.
Abi had been following his updates closely until the day when hed blocked her access to his page, and there had been no further contact since. Friends told her that Richard still liked her and talked about her, but hed been so hurt by the breakup that hed forced himself to break contact. Now, after several weeks without any word from him she was consumed by a desire to put things straight.

Chapter 23

Siriraj Hospital, Bangkok, Thailand

That day Pearl had been sent on an advanced training course at the Siriraj Hospital about an hours drive from her normal hospital. The course had been useful, and a great opportunity to catch up with some friends from her training course a few years ago who had since moved to other hospitals in the area. She could have really done without the extra long journey back in the evening though and it was late when she finally pulled into the drive at her parents home. Luckily shed told them that she was running late, so there wasnt a lecture in store for her but there was an always an unfinished conversation hanging in the air relating to her being a nurse in the first place. 
Her parents had always expected her to join the family business upon graduating from college, but shed never really had an interest in manufacturing. From a very early age what she had enjoyed was helping people, and as soon as she could, she had made that her own path to explore. 
After dinner that evening she logged onto her computer and saw an new message from someone on Twitter.
Saw your post on Twitter, friend of mine looking for someone similar. Do you have a picture of him?
Pearl was really excited to be hearing from someone who might have an answer about the foreigner. 
She quickly replied - Im afraid photographs arent allowed in the hospital, do you have a picture of the person you are looking for? and signed off with her name.
Feeling quite excited that a breakthrough was imminent, Pearl eagerly awaited the reply.

Chapter 24

London, England

The next day Aisling saw Pearls email. It was frustrating, but it did make sense that the nurse wasnt allowed to take photographs of patients in the hospital. In her own line of work as a corporate solicitor Aisling had dealt many times with the various privacy laws in place around the world. 
Still, it would much easier if she had a picture of this injured man in Bangkok. On top of that, she wasnt that she had an up to date picture of him to send to the nurse over there to help identify him. There was a part of her wondering if this was some sort of internet scam, maybe this Pearl was going to try and extort money out of her?
However, she had been the one to find the tweet and not the other way around. And, try as she might she couldnt see an easy way for the person to con her out of money over this so she sent a quick note to Abi asking whether she was free to talk next.

Chapter 25

Edinburgh, Scotland

Abi received Aislings message just as she heard the news she had been dreading for the past few weeks. She was going to be made redundant and her position was being wound up immediately. Despite having had a few weeks to think about what she could do if it came to this, the reality of the situation hit Abi hard. She knew that she needed to find another job here in Edinburgh quickly or she would have no choice but to return back to London and all of the current raw feelings that the place provoked in her.
Abi was feeling quite emotional when she finally got a hold of her friend Aisling. Aisling could immediately tell that Abi had heard back news.
Oh chuck, dont tell me the announcement finally came at work? Aisling started, in her usual direct manner.
Yes, Im out of a job in 2 weeks time Ash Abi replied, stifling a tear. Maybe the big move up to Edinburgh wasnt such a good idea after all. Im not really sure what to do.
Ah, youll find something else Abi, dont worry Aisling encouraged. Remember a few years ago when you had that really awful job at the bank? You were convinced youd be stuck there forever but then you found something much better when you least expected it? Thatll happen again, I know it will. Try not to worry too much about all of the what ifs.
I know Abi replied after a moments thought. Its just that I left London trying to make a clean start of everything and if I dont find a new job soon then Ill probably have to return home and being at home just reminds me of the whole Richard thing too much.
Well, talking about the Richard thing, Aisling interjected I might have some news for you.
What? Abi replied - What have you heard?
Well, youve know that Ive been keeping an eye out for any information on him for you on the internet. Well, this morning I saw a post from a nurse in Bangkok who put a description of someone like Richard on the internet asking if anyone knew who he was.
Was there a picture with it? Abi asked eagerly, as all the worries about her current financial situation were eclipsed by the possibility that Richard was found.
Not yet, shes going to try and get it for you. But its a little complicated because hes in hospital and the lady who posted the description said she could get fired for taking a picture of a patient.
Hes in hospital? Oh my god, now wonder Ive not heard from him. Is it serious?
She didnt say, but Im going to chat with her later on today to find out more.
Can I join you for it? asked Abi, already sure that this was the news she had been waiting for several weeks. She was going to see Richard again. 
Sure, Aisling replied Ill text you when we have agreed a time.

Chapter 26

Bumrungrad Hospital, Bangkok, Thailand

Pearl arrived at the hospital early the next morning. The evening before shed exchanged several more emails with Aisling in the UK and then had a brief call with her. Aisling has told Pearl that the mans girlfriend Abi would be joining them for the call but she hadnt in the end. Pearl had answered all of Aislings questions about the mans height, hair colour, the time he arrived in Bangkok as well as his overall medical condition. Aisling had seemed initially optimistic that she knew the man but the conversation had faltered when they realised the only way to be sure was to see this Richards current photograph.
Pearl had originally been reluctant to break hospital rules on data protection but Abi and Aislings rising excitement had been too much to bear and shed eventually agreed to undertake her covert mission.
Acting as normally as she could, Pearl began her hospital rounds. There were a variety of tasks requiring her attention and it was just before noon when she first approached the mans room.
Silently slipping her camera phone from her nurses gown, Pearl planned to take a couple of close up of pictures of his face, then rush on to her next task. The corridor was deserted as she walked up to the room, hopefully shed timed it so that everyone would be on their morning break.
She opened the door and walked into the room. The patient was resting peacefully, and a quick glance at the monitors told Pearl that his condition was stable at least. Checking once more around her she lifted up her new smartphone, focused in on the patients face and pressed the button.
PLEASE ENGAGE FLASH read the display.
Pearl realised the room must be too dark for the normal photo mode and changed the setting over to automatic flash. She held up the phone one more time, focused in on the patients face, and just as she went to press the button she heard the room door open.
Looking around, Pearl knew that out of a list of people to be caught by was one more terrifying than all of the rest, Khun Kob, the administrator who seemed to have been at the hospital ever since it was built. He had an amazing habit of turning up whenever there was a problem or someone had done something slightly wrong.
When Pearl finished her slow turn and saw him standing there, at exactly the right time to catch her mid act she knew that she was in real trouble. 
What are you doing? asked the hospital administrator Khun Kob.
I have been trying to find someone who knows the patient using the internet Khun Kob Pearl replied, trying to hide the tremor in her voice A lady from England got in touch yesterday who has been looking for her missing boyfriend and she asked me to send a picture of the patient to her so that she can see if it is really him. Khun Kob looked at Pearl in astonishment. 
Let me get this straight nurse, youre putting pictures and descriptions of our patients on the internet, for the whole world to see, without first getting their consent?. He looked incredulously at her for a second before continuing does the concept of patient confidentiality mean nothing to you?
Pearl looked at him crestfallen. She knew that Khun Kob was a stickler for rules, but she thought he would have been able to understand her motivations for doing this. He also seemed to have jumped to the conclusion that she had put all of her patients details online as well, something she needed to correct very quickly.
Its only this patient I assure you Khun Kob Pearl replied I completely understand the requirement for patient confidentiality but in this case I thought an exception could be made if it helped us track down someone who knows this patient and who could possibly arrange payment of his outstanding medical bills.
Mentioning the outstanding bills did quell Khun Kobs anger somewhat. Pearl knew that it had been a source of huge controversy that the foreigner had, and continued to build up massive hospital fees, with the administrator having no idea whether he would be able to pay any of it if he eventually recovered.
Regardless of your motivations, this is highly unprofessional behaviour nurse Khun Kob added. Under no circumstances are you to put that picture on the internet. I will immediately suspend you if you do.
Without waiting for a reaction he turned and left the room as silently as he had arrived.
Pearl, crestfallen to have been so severely reprimanded for trying to do some good continued the rest of her shift with a heavy heart. She knew that shed still send the picture to Aisling back in England so that she could show it to her friend, but it would take a while before Khun Kob would forget this incident.
The rest of her shift passed slowly, but luckily she did not meet Khun Kob again that day.

Chapter 27

Edinburgh, Scotland

Im going out there Aisling Abi declared in the opening minutes of their next conversation. Without pausing to hear her friends feedback she added I just have this feeling that its Richard, and that hes in trouble and needs my help. I booked my flight this afternoon.
Wow, replied Aisling after a few seconds of stunned speech umm, when do you leave?
This evening Abi replied, in fact Im already packed! Ive never been so sure about anything in my life.
Aisling paused for a few seconds, reeling from the news. Usually she was one being lectured by Abi on caution, thinking things through before acting but here their roles had been completely reversed.
Oh my gosh Abi thats a huge step, I thought you were broke? Aisling said eventually, still trying to get her head around the thought of the usually sensible, usually logical Abi flying halfway around the world to see if this total stranger was the man she regretted breaking up with.
I am but Ill just put it on the credit card! Thank you so much for finding him, youre the best. With that, Abi gave her a huge hug then headed off to start her packing.
Aisling just wished for Abis sake that Richard was waiting for her in Thailand and would be pleased to see her. 
She knew how much the break up had affected him and her. Even though theyd had problems whilst together these paled in comparison to the grief theyd both felt when apart.

Chapter 28

Mid-air, near Dubai

Abi had already been in the air for 6 hours when Pearl and Aisling connected again via Facebook. For Aisling it was quite strange talking to someone on the other side of the world, especially someone she knew nothing about - aside from the fact that they were a nurse looking after Richard (if it really was him).
Aisling and Pearl exchanged pleasantries for a while, made a lot easier by Pearls excellent English. Then Aisling mentioned that Abi was already on her way to Bangkok.
But I havent been able to take the photo yet! Pearl said I tried but was caught so I have been waiting for things to quiet down at work before trying again. 
I know but she just wouldnt listen to me replied Aisling in the chat window I think she had already made up her mind to do something about finding Richard.
Wow, she must love him a lot mused Pearl, struck by Abis determination. I hope that coming out to Bangkok is the right thing for her, especially as his condition is so severe at the moment. I also feel really bad that I didnt get a chance to take a picture for her, just so that she can be sure shes got the right person.
Yes, its pretty crazy Aisling agreed, immediately taking a liking to Pearl and her way of viewing the situation. Hey, would you look out for her when she arrives at the hospital? Aisling asked her a few moments later.
Oh yes, absolutely. Ill help in any way that I can. Can you send her flight details to me so I know when shes arriving please? Also, a picture of her would be quite useful so that I can look for her at the hospital. Aisling agreed and quickly sent off a recent photo of her and Abi taken on a night out.
I look forward to meeting someone as determined as she is Pearl added a short while later, I just hope she finds what shes looking for here.
With that they finished up their chat and Pearl began waiting for Abi to arrive in Bangkok.

Chapter 29

Bangkok, Thailand

Abis journey was relatively uneventful. After finishing talking to Aisling, her parents, and a few other friends (who were all unanimous that this was a terrible idea of hers) she had hopped in a taxi and headed for Heathrow airport. She navigated the check in, security and immigration queues impatiently, eager to see Richard.
When settled on the plane, shed vaguely acknowledged the passenger sat next to her before managing to tune her out for most of the journey. Shed been replaying the good times with Richard in her mind. Part of her realised that the longer theyd been apart, the more rose-tinted her view of the relationship had become.
However at the time of their break up, shed been so sure that this was what she wanted. Why was her brain and her heart punishing her now by filtering out the awkwardness that had built between them until it got to the point where shed had to end it?
Why was every part of her now eager to see him again, whereas a few months ago she proudly boasted to friends that she was completely over him? These thoughts kept her awake during the long flight. Even trying to furiously concentrate on the movie options available didnt keep the what if type questions from going around her head.
As soon as she got off the plane in Thailand she was immediately thrown into a large line of people queuing up for immigration at Bangkoks Suvarnabhumi Airport. After so many hours of sitting down most of the passengers were showing their desire to stretch their legs by pushing and shoving along in the queue.
Abi was both physically and emotionally drained but now that she was actually in Thailand she refused to let tiredness delay her from her task. She grimly waited in the queue, and even managed a small smile for the immigration officer who dutifully stamped her passport, then after a short wait for her small bag on the luggage carousel soon found herself in a taxi heading to the hospital. Luckily, shed had the presence of mind to print out the address of the hospital from their website, which included both English directions and Thai. 
As she gazed out of the window Abi was amazed at the light and colour of the city. Every space of every building had been covered in adverts. Looking along the streets as well she was amazed how many small food carts and other stalls had wedged themselves along the narrow pavement space. There really didnt look like there was any room left for anyone to walk up and down the street but hundreds of people were quite successfully navigating their way along slowly. She even saw a motorbike driving along the pavement, stacked with several heavy-looking bags of rice on its rear. Motorbikes surely couldnt be allowed to do that! 
Nobody else seemed bothered by the fact that motorcycles were riding along the pavement here so Abi assumed it was normal behaviour. Her initial impression was that Bangkok was going to be a  really confusing place. As the taxi neared its destination Abi gritted her teeth and prepared herself for finally finding Richard.

Chapter 30

Location: unknown

It had been relatively quiet for the past few hours. Hed not been treated to a scene from his own life, hed just been left in the swirling mist and the infinite emptiness of this place. Occasionally he thought he could hear talking or catch glimpses of movement and shapes, but when he tried to focus they instantly disappeared. After a while hed consciously ignored the sounds and movement, and much to his relief they had stayed longer. Hed been quite proud of this very minor achievement. For the first time in what felt like several days hed managed to exert some form of control over his environment. These occasional distractions gave him much hope that he wouldnt be alone for ever here.  

Chapter 31

Bangkok, Thailand

Abi pulled up outside the hospital with a huge sense of worry inside of her. The hospital building was formidable and as most of the signage was in Thai so she had no idea where she should head. Luckily the Taxi driver seemed to know exactly where to drop her and within a few minutes she was facing across a counter to a smiling receptionist with a name tag that read Phi Nam. 
One of the first things that had struck her about the hospital was how many staff were around. Abi hadnt been to a UK hospital for several years but one thing that shed certainly remembered was that shed waited a long time before anyone saw her.
Within a few minutes of entering the Bangkok hospital though she had been ushered through to the receptionist's office and a kindly lady had offered her a glass of cold water. Even though Abi had only briefly been outside before stepping back into the cool hospital air conditioning shed felt the power of the heat outside and she gladly accepted it.
How can I help you the smiling receptionist said as Abi took a sip of the water. She was a very short lady of about fifty or so. She had grey and slightly silvered hair and wore a pair of wire framed glasses. Her name tag declared her name as Bey.
I believe you have a westerner patient here who is in a coma Abi began, trying to speak as clearly as possible as she wasnt sure how good the ladys English would be. I would like to go and see him please.
Ah, you mean our mystery patient! the women exclaimed, do you know him? We have hoped that a member of his family would come and visit him for several weeks now.
I think I do Abi replied, caught up with the womans excitement, I think he may be my boyfriend Richard.
Well, thats excellent news Bey replied, with an even bigger smile on her face. However, her look soon turned into one of sadness before she continued, do you know how badly he is injured?.
Not really Abi admitted, Ive only received a few details on him from a nurse Pearl.
Well, Ill let the doctors give you a full update, but I understand his condition is very serious. Bey looked like she was about to say something else, but then after apparently reconsidering said well, if you could just fill in these forms here and leave me with your Passport so that I can make a copy Ill call for nurse Pearl.
Abi waited in the receptionist office whilst Bey went off to find nurse Pearl. In reality she only had to wait for a few minutes but to Abi, now so close to finally seeing Richard it felt like an eternity. She immediately felt better when Pearl walked into the room. Pearl looked quite young, maybe in her late 20s or early 30s, and had a calm, serene expression as she walked into the room in her crisp white nurse's uniform. Her dark hair was held back in a typical nurse's cap. 
Abi, it is great to meet you Pearl said after a brief introduction from Bey your friend in England has told me all about you.
Its great to meet you too, Abi replied, immediately warming to the smiling Pearl thank you for all of your help so far. Im so nervous! 
Well, I think its amazing that youve come all of this way to see your boyfriend Pearl replied. Let's get you up to the ward, but I have to warn you that he is in a very bad way.
What happened to him? Abi asked fearfully as they walked from the office to the nearest elevator.
He was brought in after a car accident just under a month ago Pearl replied. He was unconscious when he arrived, but otherwise stable. He had severe bruising to his body and some minor cuts but we were very hopeful that his comatose state would only be temporary. However, when he did not regain consciousness after a few weeks we investigated further and we have now found evidence of a cancerous tumour in his brain. This is what we now believe is responsible for his coma.
You mean the car accident isnt responsible Abi asked, struggling to understand the facts Pearl was telling her.
Well, the impact may have brought forward some of his symptoms Pearl explained, and the brain swelling could well have been responsible for the initial condition, but the doctors strongly believe the tumour is the main cause now. 
They continued in silence for a while after that. Eventually, the elevator delivered them to the ward floor with a gentle bing. Abi and Pearl walked down the corridor towards room 34. They were silent for a few minutes before Pearl continued.
In fact, if your boyfriend hadnt been scanned following the accident they might not have detected the tumour at all until it had impaired his brain function. At least we can now start treatment for it. Abi nodded silently. They were stood outside the room. In a few moments she would be reunited. Pearl was still talking but she had faded out of Abis consciousness. Impatient to wait any longer she grabbed the room door handle and stepped into the silent space, the only noise puncturing the air was that of the life support machine.
Pearl wasnt sure whether to accompany Abi into the room for the reunion with her boyfriend so stood back to give the couple some space. However, after a few minutes Abi was still stood by the doorway. She hadnt taken any further steps towards Richard.
Thinking that Abi was just a little overawed by the amount of machinery, wires, and tubes connected to her boyfriend Pearl walked over to her to give her encouragement to actually approach the bed.
However, as soon as looked at Abis face she could see a stream of tears pouring down the poor girls face. Without thinking about it Pearl gathered Abi into her arms and held her close as the dam of emotion finally burst within Abi and she cried and sobbed loudly, only slightly muffled by Pearls embrace.
Pearl tried to calm Abi down its ok my dear, hell be ok. I know that it looks bad but hell pull through this Im sure. Abi was quiet for a few minutes and Pearl wasnt entirely sure that she had heard her. After a few moments Abi muttered something again, the sound muffled as she still had her head buried in Pearls arms.
Im sorry Abi, I didnt catch that Pearl said, trying to lift her head slightly. 
I said, its not Richard Abi replied again, still in a quiet tone but with a definite quiver as she strained to contain the wave of emotions raging within her. Stifling a sob she added I have no idea who that man is.

Chapter 32

Bangkok, Thailand

The rest of the day had gone by in a blur. Pearl had taken Abi down to the hospital cafeteria and had insisted she have a hot drink to cope with the shock of seeing a stranger in the ward.
Pearl could see that the girl was absolutely crushed. When she had first met Abi she had seen this cool and confident girl who had single mindedly booked a ticket to Bangkok, but now that the purpose of her mission had been taken away she was a totally different person.
After an hour or so Pearl had returned to her shift but before she left she had insisted that they meet up again after work to talk about what to do next. Pearl was also going to let Abis friend Aisling back in the UK know the outcome of her friends journey.
With that, she had packed Abi into a cab and had asked the taxi driver to take her back to her hotel where she could rest for a few hours. The rest of her shift passed mercifully quietly. She didnt even have another run in with the administrator, who ever since that day with the photo, had made it his mission to tell her off as much as possible.
After finishing work she took a quick shower in the staff changing room and then a few minutes later was in the back of a taxi heading to the Grand Hotel in Sukhumvit where Abi was staying. It took several knocks on the door of Abis room to rouse her and when she finally answered Pearl could see that she had been crying heavily. Pearl gave her a huge hug and after a few seconds Abi invited her into the room.
How are you holding up? Pearl asked as she sat down in one of the rooms chairs.
Ok I guess Abi replied, wiping her eye again with a handkerchief. I actually just feel silly now for having been so convinced in the first place that Id found Richard.
Its not silly at all Pearl replied I feel awful for not being able to get you that photo before you came all of this way just to be disappointed.
Both women reflected the series of events that had led to them meeting at the hospital for a few minutes before continuing. 
Well, we just have to focus on the bigger picture Abi declared suddenly getting up from her chair. After all, were not the ones who are seriously ill and all alone in hospital. 
Youre right Pearl replied, Im sorry that the man isnt your Richard but that doesnt mean that someone else isnt out there looking for him. What do you say to getting some dinner and discussing any ways that we might be able to help him?
That sounds like a great plan Abi said, Im suddenly famished.
Pearl took Abi to a local roadside restaurant and bar that she knew well. Shed eaten there a lot over the years and the chef always had a friendly smile for her. The tables and chairs for the restaurants were actually situated outside on the pavement. Pearl had considered taking Abi to a slightly more expensive indoor restaurant with air conditioning but this place was much closer to her hotel, cheaper, and definitely more typically Thai.
They both ordered Pad Thai chicken and a huge glass of the local beer Singha each. Abi didnt usually drink beer, preferring wine back in England, but something about the heat and humidity of Bangkok, possibly accompanied with her leftover adrenaline and stress levels made the first pint go down exceedingly well and soon Abi felt herself noticeably calming down.
Theyd ordered their second drinks before the Pad Thai had even arrived. As the evening progressed Pearl and Abi continued to develop their friendship at a rapid rate. Their conversation flowed so seamlessly that Abi found it hard to believe that shed only known this woman for a few hours. It seemed like they had known each other for years.
The early evening soon gave way to the night. All around them, people came and went after finishing their meals but Pearl and Abi just kept talking, lifting their moods and mutually cheering one another up. It was only after several hours that Pearl finally noticed the late hour.
Oh my gosh she exclaimed its late! Ive got to go; Im on an early shift tomorrow.
With that the women finished up their last beer and prepared to go their separate ways for the evening.
Thank you for taking me out tonight, it really helped take my mind off everything Abi said as she gave Pearl a hug goodnight.
Not a problem at all Abi just make sure you come by the hospital tomorrow.
I will Abi replied I just have to sort out my return flight then Ill drop in for a coffee and see how your day is going. Goodnight.
Having had far too many beers to consider picking her car from the hospital and driving home, Pearl waved down a taxi whilst Abi walked back to her hotel nearby.

Chapter 33

Bangkok, Thailand

Pearl had quite a sore head the next day at work. She made it through the morning with the assistance of several cups of coffee but couldnt quite face any food at lunchtime, the memory of last evenings beers still playing havoc with her stomach.
Abi came into the hospital just after 1pm and after Pearl fetched her from the reception they both sat in the hospital canteen drinking Coca Cola, a drink that Pearl usually couldnt stand but for some reason craved today.
Abi looked completely different from yesterday, gone were the red raw tear marks and air of despair. Today she was bright, fresh, and obviously had something she was dying to tell Pearl.
Go on said Pearl as they finished catching up on what theyd been up to since the previous night youve got something to tell me havent you?
I was thinking about our mystery patient last night Abi started obviously I am still really upset that its not Richard but I eventually started thinking about the fact that there still might be someone out there looking for him.
Thats right Pearl agreed, and until we find his next of kin or find a way to finance his operation then his prognosis is not good.
Well, Im not sure if this is a good idea or not, Im still quite new to the Twitter thing Abi said then paused a few seconds before continuing. I have just heard that a lot of celebrities use Twitter to update their fans on what they are up to. I heard that people like Lady Gaga, Madonna, and Katy Perry have millions of people following all of their updates. My idea is that we get in touch with a few of these celebrities and see whether they would be willing to ask their fans to help this man.
Pearl thought about it for a few seconds and very quickly decided this was an excellent idea. With her limited number of followers on Twitter and her small group of Facebook friends it had been a miracle that Abi had heard about the stranger. Even though in this instance it had turned out to be the wrong person it had shown to Pearl that you could use the internet to find someone, and if they extended their reach out to a larger group of fans then maybe they would finally find out who this man was.
I think thats an excellent idea Abi Pearl said encouragingly. Just give me a list of celebrities who you think have the most followers and Ill get in touch with them to see if they will help. I know whos popular over here but Im not that familiar with Katy Perry or people like that.
Oh absolutely said Abi excitedly, Id be happy to help you contact them as well.
With that agreement, the ladies started jotting down a detailed plan of action.

Chapter 34

Bangkok, Thailand

Abi returned back to the UK a few days later, but before she left she came into the hospital every day before then and she and Pearl continued to work on their plan to secure a celebrity supporter.
In the evenings both she and Pearl worked solidly on posting Facebook, Twitter, and other social network updates on their mystery man. Having firmly checked that the corridor was clear this time, Pearl had managed to take a few good photos of the strangers face and these had now been uploaded to a dedicated webpage that Abis friend David back in the UK had helped them create.
The number of replies and mentions that Pearl and Abi received back grew slowly but steadily. In addition to increasing the amount of information that they put on the internet about the stranger both Abi and Pearl started contacting celebrities on Twitter who boasted lots of followers. During their planning meetings they had come up with a standard note template, which they were then tweaking for each celebrity which essentially asked them to consider retweeting/messaging their followers with the strangers details in case one of them knew who he was. They made a point of finishing their requests on a light note adding at the conclusion of each request that the patient may indeed be a fan of their work so helping him find his family could be mutually beneficial.
Neither Abi now Pearl had ever written to celebrities before. They had no idea how long it might take them to get a response back but they were hopeful theyd hear something within a couple of weeks.
When it was time for Abi to return to the UK, Pearl offered to take Abi out to the airport. Just under one week since they had first met it now felt that they had known each other a lifetime and Abi knew she would miss Pearl dearly.
They hadnt heard back from any celebrities yet but as Pearl waved Abi off through the airport departure gate both friends were confident that they would soon get some much needed support soon.

Chapter 35

Bangkok, Thailand

Things returned to normal for a short while after that. Pearls parents now made a point of asking about the foreign patient as they could see how important he had become to their daughter. Pearls friends still regularly made fun of her and her mystery man via Facebook and Twitter.
No celebrities had yet replied to their requests for help, but the Facebook, Twitter, and website that Abi and Pearl had set up had continued to grow in popularity. Having started with just her 10 friends on there, who mainly logged in to annoy her she was amazed to see that over 100 people were now following her work online.
Pearl now made a habit of logging onto the various social network sites first thing each morning before heading to the hospital to get the latest updates. She then always dropped in on her patient to tell him the latest news.
Later on that week she was sat on the chair by his bed reading out some of the messages that hed received on their message board when the hospital porter Boyd knocked on the door.
"Im sorry to interrupt Pearl he said sheepishly, Im just here to deliver some mail for the farang. With that he dropped a few envelopes on the bedside table next to the respirator machine and hurriedly backed out of the room.
Overtaken by curiosity, Pearl walked to the other side and picked up the envelopes. They were all cards, and judging by the post marks on them they were from several different countries and all were addressed to the mystery patient.
Temporarily overcome by emotion, Pearl had to wipe her eyes with her handkerchief. It was such a powerful moment knowing that people out there cared enough to send him a card. With that Pearl carefully arranged his cards on the side table. She was determined to keep up the internet work and finally solve this mystery.
Towards the end of that week Pearl received an email from the IT consultant called David that Abi had connected her to whilst she was in Bangkok. The message was brief but welcome.
Hi Pearl, hope all is well. Ive set up a donation page for the patients operation. People can now donate towards his operation by going to: http://wwww.mysterypatient.com/donate/. Thanks, David

Chapter 36

Bangkok, Thailand

Whilst things were going really well on the social media and internet front, Pearl could not avoid the fact that the patients condition was worsening. It had now been several weeks since the tumour was first discovered and even though his vital signs had stabilised since the first exploratory operation the doctors were resolute that further surgery was unavoidable in the near future. 
Pearl had repeatedly pushed things with the hospital administrator to approve the funding required for further operations but he was resolute that the money had to come from elsewhere. The hospital was short of money, he said. Why should the foreigner be allocated more than his fair share at the expense of someone elses health?
Pearls normally optimistic outlook started to wither towards the end of yet another week. Whilst their website and Facebook messages were being followed by a few hundred users now, she started to doubt that they could really make a difference.
Despite her best efforts, Pearls spirits continued to sink and she was grateful when her final shift of the week was over. She had a weekend away with friends to look forward to and she needed to head home quickly to pack. She really hoped that some time out of the hot, muggy city of Bangkok might give her some much needed recharging.

***

After some debate her friends had settled on going to Khao Yai National park for the weekend. Khao Yai was just a couple of hours outside Bangkok to travel but was a completely different experience from the city. The national park was the largest in Thailand and featured huge a great variety of lush and green plant life. Four of her friends were coming on this weekend trip Aimon, Bey, Meow, and Pusa.
Pearl and her friends travelled from Bangkok in Pusas rather nice black Toyota Hi-Lux pick up truck. It could have been seen as an odd choice of car given that Pusa lived in the middle of the city and traveled by the citys BTS Train system to work every day. However, 4x4 cars and pickup trucks were incredibly popular in Thailand and Pusa had fallen in love with this particular car one day whilst walking past her local dealer. The way she described it she knew she that she had to have it as soon as she saw it. Whilst her friends enjoyed teasing her about the car immensely it was useful when they all needed to travel out of the city together. With all of their baggage piled up in the bay of the pick up, the four friends chatted amicably as they started heading out of Bangkok.   
Despite the size of the car, it was a snug fit in the rear cabin but the small truck was very comfortable and even with Bangkoks notorious traffic jams they made good progress towards the park. The conversation flowed easily between the friends for the first hour or so then Pusa suggested they put on some music. 
The first track she selected on the cars very loud Sony music system was Katy Perrys track Last Friday Night which had an excellent beat for her to drive along to. This was an unauthorized version of the song where the verses had been translated into Thai but the chorus reverted back to Katy singing in English. The girls sang along loudly to the song, causing several other car passengers to raise a smile and startling an old man on a scooter just in front of the Hi Lux who looked around trying to work out what all of the noise was about.
This is a very strange version of the song Pearl yelled to Pusa over the pounding stereo do you have the original?
Absolutely yelled Pusa well have that one on next!
The singing continued for the remainder of the journey, moving through many more songs and by the time they saw the entrance sign to the park Pearl was getting quite hoarse. 
It was just after 8pm when they pulled into the Green Paradise Hotel, selected by Aimon after she spotted a last minute deal on her favourite travel blog. The hotel website had promised luxurious accommodation on the outskirts of the park and when they first arrived outside the hotel it certainly looked impressive. The building was brand new but had been built in a traditional style and was made out of dark Teak wood. The hotel was roughly U shaped with a very inviting floodlit pool in the centre. The girls quickly checked in then headed down to the hotel bar to begin the serious business of unwinding.

***

After a highly enjoyable Friday night and a few too many cocktails the girls emerged the next day slightly regretting their eagerness to get out into the national park and see some nature.
However, they soon perked up when they saw Joe, their tanned, athletic and muscular guide for the day. Joe ran a local Tour company that specialised in short day treks through the park. When he called out to the waiting group from his impressively dirty 4x4 there was a collective sigh of appreciation from the girls.
Their tour of Khao Yai featured several waterfalls, an amazing bat cave, and the opportunity to swim in a crystal clear pool at the end of a long day. When Joe joked that he had forgotten his swimming trunks Aimon turned a bright shade of red and the girls teased her good naturedly about her fancying him throughout the rest of the day.
Whilst Pearl and her friends had been to the park several times in the past Joe turned out to be exceptionally good at spotting all sorts of wildlife, particularly a small bright green grass snake that Pusa would have treated on if he hadnt called out a warning.
 The day passed swiftly and Pearl thoroughly enjoyed it all. For a few hours she didnt think about work at all, which was just the type of relaxation she needed. In fact, the only bit of the whole days trek that they didnt enjoy were the leeches, or  that Joe pointed out to them as they walked. 
They had all complained jokingly when they had been given the very unfashionable long brown leech proof socks first thing that morning, but as soon as they saw how eager the leeches, which were about the length of a match, were to get at their blood they were very glad to have them. Throughout the day, whenever the girls stood still for more than a couple of seconds the small creatures would emerge from all around them and wriggle their way towards them. Despite their small size and Joes assurance that their bites were harmless, Aimon still shrieked every time the Leeches came towards her. Towards the end of the day the friends breathed a sigh of relief when they returned back to the hotel.
The next day was far more relaxed, with the friends spending several hours sat around the hotels crystal clear pool until Pusa reminded them that they should probably head back into the city before traffic got too bad.

***

It was late on Sunday evening when Pearl finally arrived back at home. She waved to Pusa who had kindly dropped her home before roaring off in the high powered Toyota and let herself into the family home, situated approximately 20 kilometres outside central Bangkok. 
Her mother and father had already gone to bed for the night so Pearl enjoyed a brief moment of peace alone in the living room enjoying a mug of steaming hot chocolate. She had considered having beer but she decided that it was too late in the evening to do that, and it was likely to be another long day on at the hospital the next time.
The weekend had been a great way to put her increasing worries about the foreigner behind her. However, faced with work the next day and knowing that she would see her patient started the stress levels rising again.
Realising that she hadnt logged in to the internet for a couple of days now Pearl thought shed quickly check her messages before going to bed. To her surprise and delight the number of people who were following her page had nearly quadrupled in a single weekend. She had just under 300 fans now and there were scores of messages of support for him on her page. 
One from a user in Mexico caught her eye.
I will pray every day for your mystery patient, God bless.
Incredibly, a couple of people had also made a donation for his operation. The total balance of his donation account stood at 2,500 Thai Baht, about 50 at todays exchange rate. These donations had all come in within the past 48 hours. For Pearl the donation amounts didnt matter, it was just such a huge lift for her that people cared and had made an active donation. Thinking back to where she started with this idea a few weeks ago Pearl realised that she now had people all around the world following the story. 
With a huge smile on her face, Pearl shut down her computer and turned in for the night. Shed make sure she told the foreigner about his first operation donation as soon as she could tomorrow.

Chapter 37

Bangkok, Thailand

The next week went slowly. Far too slowly for Pearls liking. She checked in on the patient every day, but was becoming increasingly frustrated by the lack of progress on changing the administrators mind about funding the operation, finding the foreigners family, and raising more money for his operation. 
Her friends had started to worry that her involvement with the foreigner had gone beyond doing a good deed and had developed into something bordering on obsession. During an impromptu gathering of her friends down at the Oriental hotel in Bangkok one day after work they had all gently (and some not too gently)tried to get her to prepare for a worst case scenario.
I am not a medical expert like you her good friend Pusa had said after a few cocktails in the Oriental's splendid garden bar overlooking the river but from what youve told me there is a good chance that this man isnt going to make it out of hospital. 
Pusa reached over and held Pearls arm gently I dont mean to scare or to depress you. I just dont want you to be hurt at the end of all of this.
Theres something else you should consider too Pim chipped in. Pim had been a friend back in Pearls college days but they hadnt seen much of each other in the past few years. She had been very quiet on the social scene since meeting the love of her life and disappearing into domestic happiness. It had been very suspicious to see her at the gathering and Pearl suspected that her friends had been very busy planning this intervention. Have you thought about what will happen after the farang gets better and returns home?
Thats exactly what I want to happen Pearl replied, Im just trying to help him get better.
And what if he dies? We just dont want you to get hurt honey Gung said, taking another big gulp of her beer, youre spending so much time with the foreign man that were also worried that youre never going to find a nice Thai boyfriend!
Gung had meant the comment lightly in an attempt to steer the conversations towards the girls and their love lives moving on from the sombre topic. Gung particularly delighted in telling the others about her sordid encounters with the others, particularly when it involved her time with foreigners. Pearl considered herself fairly liberal but some of the things shed heard in the past still made her blush.
It was very hard not to get annoyed with her friends for interfering, but on one level Pearl had to admit that despite hoping for the best she should also prepare for the worst.
Their lectures dispensed, the girls soon started to relax and more cocktails were ordered. Satisfied that they had done their work well, the topic was changed and soon Gung was making them all howl with laughter with the tale of her visit to the Bed Supperclub in Sukhumvit with her latest tourist boyfriend. 
The evening was fun, but on the way home in the taxi that evening Pearl was definitely at a low point. Part of her was encouraged that people showed that they cared about her patient, but the more logical part of her told her that the exercise was hopeless. 
If she was going to find his family she would need to get her message to many more people and eventually raise millions of Thai Baht. She needed a miracle. She decided to go to the local Buddhist temple the next day and see whether a few hours of meditation would help her decide what to do next. 

Chapter 38

Bangkok, Thailand 

After having a few too many cocktails the previous night, Pearl was very glad that the next day was a Saturday and she had the whole weekend to recover. Upon waking up with a fairly sore head she was at first very tempted to stay in and recover slowly.
She was still determined to go to the local temple though, and after a few false starts eventually managed to lever herself out of bed, drink several cups of coffee, and make her way to Wat Mai Amatarot.
The cool and quiet atmosphere of the temple was very soothing. Pearl arrived just after the main service had finished so the temple was largely empty apart from her and two worshippers who were quietly conferring with a monk near the front, right underneath the giant Buddha icon.
Pearl knelt down, taking care not to point her feet at the Buddha of course and just sat quietly for a while. She had no specific prayer in her mind, but she examined her reasons for wanting to help the foreigner. Initially, just knowing that he was all alone and seriously ill had really motivated Pearl to help, perhaps because she would hate to ever be in a similar situation herself. However, after a while of meditation she came to the stark realisation that there was something more behind her motivations. At some unspecified time during the last few weeks, she had developed deeper feelings for him! The realisation shocked her, but in the calm, cool atmosphere of the temple hall she knew this to be the truth. She had fallen for a complete stranger. Her mind reeled at the revelation. How could she have developed such feelings for someone she had never spoken to? It just didnt make sense. 
Pearl gazed around the temple as life went on all around her. Just a few feet away an elderly Thai couple finished their prayers, slowly stood up, gave a final bow to the Buddha then shuffled silently towards the temple exit. Pearl continued sitting, trying to decide what to do next. Shed finally found someone to love, and there was a good chance that he would die before shed ever spoken to him.

Chapter 39

Bangkok, Thailand 
Sunday

Pearl spent most of Saturday in the temple looking for inspiration on what to try next. It was hard to explain the process, but the longer shed sat and meditated the more at peace she had felt. Neither of her parents were particularly religious, and Pearl had never been put under any pressure to follow Buddhism whilst growing up. However, in Thailand Buddhism was just a way of life and she now attended temple whenever she could.
Despite spending the whole day meditating and now feeling a lot calmer and more optimistic about her mission, Pearl still had no idea what she should do next. Feeling a little bit despondent she logged into her social media accounts to see what had happened since she last checked them on Thursday night.
Her computer was acting much slower than usual today. In her internet browser the first part of her Twitter page appeared but then stayed half-loaded for several minutes. Feeling slightly annoyed, Pearl checked the lights on her internet router, a small box in the corner of the family living room which was still showing a reassuringly solid light. This should mean that her internet connection was still working.
Even more annoyed now, Pearl returned to her computer ready to try refreshing the page. Whilst she had been fiddling with the computers cables the screen had finished loading. When Pearl saw the status summary message that floated above her website she sat down heavily in her chair and stared confounded at the screen.

New followers: 532,498
Messages: 45,984
Mentions: 125,473
Donations: 125,745.88
Trending right now: #missingperson #bangkok #missingguybangkok

The numbers blurred together on screen as Pearl tried to make sense of them. Just before her weekend trip her followers and donations had been a fraction of this. What on earth had happened over the past few days? Eager to find out more Pearl started scrolling through the messages of goodwill and support on her page. They had come in from all around the world, and each one touched Pearls heart. Shed always felt that people were intrinsically good, and this sudden display of solidarity behind her cause brought tears to her eyes. 
At first Pearl read each message one by one, but as her curiosity grew she started working through the pages faster and faster eager to make some sense of this explosion in fans. She promised herself she would read each message in more detail at a later stage, then instead of clicking through each message individually she started using the computers scrolling function to quickly scan each message looking for some clue.
Page after page of message scrolled by. After several minutes she got to the last message she had read before heading to her weekend away. At that point she only had 235 friends following her story. Pearl then started working forwards through the messages. It took several more minutes but then she found the message that had started it all. 

@KatyPerry - hey everyone, for Follow Friday I recommend you check out this page. Hope one of you can help this guy #missingguybangkok http://www.missingman.com

Katy Perry was one of the celebrities that Pearl had contacted several weeks ago asking for help. After reading the message a few more times Pearl looked up what this Follow Friday mentioned was and quickly learnt that it had become a tradition on social networks for someone to suggest a website and then ask their contacts to follow it. Katy Perry had obviously received Pearls request and had asked her 43 Million fans to act. That certainly explained the increased activity.
Underneath Katys first message Pearl could see a lot more messages beginning RT. After a quick bit of research, Pearl learnt that this meant the message had been re-tweeted or forwarded onto other people. Understanding this, Pearl could instantly see that many people had sent Katys initial message onto their own group of friends on the social network.
@Anne-Klein RT @KatyPerry - #ff #missingguybangkok http://www.missingman.com
@Tom-Major RT @KatyPerry - #ff #missingguybangkok http://www.missingman.com
@OlyaChambers RT @KatyPerry - #ff #missingguybangkok http://www.missingman.com
The forwards continued and continued for page after page as Pearl scrolled down. There were thousands of messages. It was so emotional seeing so many people responding to her request in such a positive way that Pearl found tears welling up in her eyes. She had to stop reading several times to dab her eyes before she could continue. Now that the mystery of who their benefactor was had been solved, Pearl had a huge surge of confidence that everything was going to work out with her patient and her cause.
After an hour or so Pearl went to make herself a quick snack and grab a cold drink from the fridge. Her eyes were tired and red from scrolling through the screen for so long but she soon found herself back at her computer reading as many of the other messages as she could before bed. It was very late in the evening by the time Pearl finally made it to bed, but she quickly fell into a deeply contented sleep. Someone out there would surely recognise her patient now and hed be reunited with his family at last. Today had been nothing short of a miracle!

Chapter 40

Bangkok, Thailand 

A few days later Pearls arrival at work was delayed by a huge queue of traffic waiting to enter the Bumrungrad hospital car park. Over the years that Pearl had been driving around Bangkok she had noted the ever increasing number of cars on the roads and the longer traffic jams that they caused. Pearl often wondered how on earth so many people could afford to buy cars in Thailand, as they were relatively expensive compared to an average Thai salary. However, additional cars were appearing on the road all of the time so there must be ways to finance the purchase. Pearl had received countless offers of cheap loans and flexible finance options for buying a new car, but she was perfectly happy with her little car, even with its numerous dents and scratches all over the paintwork, just small war wounds from driving around in a city as large as Bangkok. 
Traffic was backed up for several hundred metres before the hospital turnoff junction, and after waiting for at least 20 minutes to move a couple of metres,  and in a rare moment of frustration Pearl banged the steering wheel with her palm. She imagined that the ward sister Pao would be angry with her when she arrived late for her shift, but when Pao saw her she looked more worried than angry.
You need to go to Khun Kobs office immediately Pearl she said as Pearl hung her coat hurriedly in her locker cabinet.
Why, whats going on? Pearl asked, already thinking of what she could have done to get in trouble with the hospital administrator again. She had been deliberately keeping out of his way since their clashes around the decision not to operate on the stranger.
I dont know, but he is in his office with the interior minister and has asked that you join them immediately Pao replied uncertainly. Good luck! she added as Pearl walked nervously towards the administrators office. 
Outside the office she could see two army officials stood either side of the door. They both proudly sported rows of medals above their breast pockets and their stern countenance gave nothing away. As Pearl approached the door, one of the officers knocked on the door and when he received a muted reply through the glass, opened the door for Pearl.
Oh god, thought Pearl. Am I about to be fired? She racked her brains to think what could have possibly got the governments attention?
As she walked into the meeting room Pearl could see Administrator Kob and a stranger sat at opposite sides of his ornate desk. The visitor was mid 40s, had short brown hair and wore thick framed glasses. He was dressed in an expensive charcoal grey custom fitted suit and had black shoes that had been polished to a high standard. Khun Kob would have been considered a well-dressed man on most days, but compared to the minister he seemed shabby. It startled Pearl to see Khun Kob, a man who she had seen for a long time as being in absolute authority suddenly humbled by the government minister in his own office.
The minister and the hospital administrator stopped talking as she walked in. Minister, this is Nurse Pearl the lady who has been so diligently trying to help the foreigner. Please take a seat Pearl.
The minister nodded in her direction but didnt say anything or extend his hand. After a few seconds Pearl sat in the one remaining chair in the room.
The minister and I have just been discussing your patient the administrator continued. Pearl found it odd that Kob Khun was doing all of the talking when the minister was obviously very much in charge of proceedings.
How much money have you received in donations towards the patients next operation? Khun Kob asked.
When I last checked this morning, it was just over 125,000, thats about 600,000 Thai Baht Pearl replied.
The administrator seemed shocked that the amount was that high. The minister made no outward reaction, but noted the figure down on his immaculate black leather notebook that was open in front of him on the table.
Thats an impressive sum Kob Khun replied after a few moments pause, are you confident that youll be able to raise the full amount required for the mans operation using this website that you have set up?
I believe you said the operation would cost in the region of 5 Million Baht? Pearl replied, making some notes on a piece of paper that shed found in her pocket. Khun Kob checked a column of figures on a piece of paper in front of him and nodded.
Well, Im confident that well raise that much eventually Pearl replied, hopefully sounding more confident than she felt as it was a huge sum of money to raise. Furthermore, she had no idea if the sudden cash injection received over the weekend would continue now or whether people would just move on to the next cause or suggested website that their favourite celebrities mentioned next. 
However, it might take a few more weeks and I fear that it will be too late to actually save the man at that point.
The minister, still silent, was watching Pearl intently. Whilst he wasnt actually contributing to the conversation Pearl could tell that he was following it closely which is why she had mentioned the urgency of the patient getting his operation. 
The administrator started to ask another question, but the minister put up his hand and Khun Kob halted mid sentence.
The Thai government will pay the difference between the money you raise and the operation costs, whatever that may be. Administrator Khob, please proceed with the operation as soon as possible and keep my office closely informed on progress.
With that, he stood and walked over to the administrators door and grabbed the door handle. With a quick final glance back in their direction and a perfunctory nod towards Pearl and the hospital administrator he was gone.
Pearl looked at the bewildered administrator. For a few seconds nothing was said between them. After a few minutes the administrator said At the start of the meeting he told me that his daughters are huge Katy Perry fans. Gathering that this was the only explanation she was likely to receive, Pearl nodded and walked out of the room. 

Chapter 41

Bangkok, Thailand
One week later

The waiting was the worst part. Up until yesterday there had been a steady rush of activity to distract Pearl from the long wait.
The surgeons had confirmed that the surgery had gone well, and the patients scans taken shortly after the operation showed that they had removed over 78% of the tumour mass. The operation had taken nearly 15 hours to complete, with a team of 3 different surgeons working together to remove all of the tumour mass in a single operation. 
The atmosphere in the hospital had been tense for the last week, as the nurses and doctors had by now built up quite an affection for the familiar stranger in their midst and there was a shared will for the operation and recovery to go well. The successful removal of the tumour should have relieved the pressure on the brain and would in theory result in the patient finally waking up. The only problem was that no-one knew exactly how long it would take until the patient regained consciousness.
For Pearl, time stood still. She tried to distract herself as much as possible by engaging with the people from all around the world who were supporting her cause and had contributed to her patients expensive operation. Thanking them all individually and putting out status updates on his condition helped to occupy her mind a little, but she kept looking out of the corner of her eye for any signs that the patient would stir soon. Abis suggestion of leveraging celebrity contacts to help spread word about her campaign had been excellent. The various celebrities that had offered to cascade her messages to their fans had been as good as their word, and several of them had even taken an active interest in finding out how he was doing.
In a few short weeks Pearl had gone from not even knowing what Twitter was to having celebrities like Katy Perry and Amuro Namie as virtual friends and several thousand other people following her entries to learn more about the patient. It would certainly take some explaining when he finally woke up, she thought to herself. I just hope he doesnt freak out too much.

Chapter 42

Bangkok, Thailand
Several weeks before

It was just before midnight and Pusa and Pearl were travelling quickly along the busy Rama IV expressway on their way back from a night out with friends. They had just passed the entrance to Dusit zoo and were fast approaching the Ratchathewi intersection. Pusa was at the wheel of her huge Toyota pickup truck and they were making good progress towards home and the end of their evening. The friends had the stereo turned loud and were enjoying the admiring glances that they were receiving from other drivers as they travelled along singing at the top of their voices.
They turned off the main expressway just after they passed the Phaya Thai BTS station and immediately ground to a halt at the back of a long traffic line.
I cant believe theres a traffic jam! Pusa exclaimed as she reached to turn the music down slightly.
And were so close to home Pearl added, wondering how much longer their journey was going to take now.
The traffic stood stationary for several more minutes whilst the girls got ever more impatient. Pusa kept leaning out of the window to try and see what was causing the blockage up ahead but so far she hadnt been able to see anything.
I dont believe this Pusa muttered, fidgeting in her seat and skipping through the tracks on her CD player.
Itll start moving again soon Pearl added hopefully.
Even more annoyingly there seemed to be no traffic at all coming up the opposite carriage. Whilst Pearl and Pusa had sat stationary they had only seen a couple of cars and motorbikes pass them. The driver of the car in front was now getting out of his car to investigate what the holdup was. A few other cars had performed a u-turn and were now driving away back along the empty carriageway.
We could always try another route Pearl commented.
Yes, but were so close to home Pusa responded our turnoff is just at the end of this street
They sat there for a few more minutes. Still, hardly any traffic was travelling on the opposite carriageway.
Ah screw it Pusa suddenly stated and quickly pulled her Toyota across to the opposite carriageway and jumped on the accelerator.
Wha.. what are you doing? Pearl gasped as she was thrown back into her seat as the powerful engine kicked into life.
I bet its just a car breakdown, well just pop around the blockage
But were on the wrong side of the road!
They passed several cars on their left hand side and could now see that the cause of the traffic jam was a broken down bus. The passengers were all patiently waiting around the bus whilst a collection of people were clustered around the front of the vehicle, presumably trying to fix it.
Pusa was still accelerating past the line of stationary cars but was suddenly realising the flaw in her plan. There was a set of traffic lights a few hundred yards in front of the broken down bus. As they passed the bus Pearl could see that there was just as much traffic in front of the bus as there had been behind it. 
They were trapped on the wrong side of the road! 
Pusa, theres there no space! Pearl exclaimed stop the car and turn around
We can make it Pusa replied, now too committed to consider turning around Ill just jump in at the front of the queue

***

After a few hours he stepped out of the noisy AMP club near Phaya Thai BTS to take in a breath of fresh air. Luckily the effects of the pill were starting to wear off, and he decided that he would soon head home. Even though he was outside the music from inside from still clearly audible. It was the latest single from Katy Perry, remixed to be much faster. He idly wondered what time the club actually closed. Knowing Bangkok it probably wouldnt be until early morning.
There was no-one else outside the club. The pavement stretching in either direction was totally deserted with just a few other people visible on the escalator going up to the BTS station. Having so much space around you in Bangkok was an unusual experience. Usually the pavement would be thronging with crowds of people, all glued to their latest smartphone, with the occasional motorbike cutting through the crowds to avoid the traffic on the road. Nearly every other bit of space would be occupied with street vendors, selling everything under the sun from fruit, meals and snacks, to pirated copies of the latest films.
He took a deep breath and enjoyed a few minutes of relative peace in the crazy city of Bangkok.

***

They were nearly level with the lights when the taxi turned into the street. Pusa had sped up considerably so that she could get in front of the stationary traffic. After telling Pusa multiple times to turn around Pearl was now just simply holding on and keeping quiet.
The taxi and Pusas Toyota were now racing head on towards each other. To complicate matters even further, another driver had seen Pusas example, and reasoning that the occupants of the front car must know a shortcut around the traffic, was now following closely behind. 

***

He took a few unsteady steps along the pavement in front of the club, testing his own ability to walk in a straight line. As he looked along the street he was impressed at the size of the traffic jam just in front of the club. Maybe getting a taxi home wouldnt be such a good idea.

***

They couldnt turn around or stop. Pusa had slowed the Toyota slightly, but with solid traffic on her left, a car following closely behind, and a row of shops and pavement on her right there just didnt seem to be anywhere to go.
The Taxi continued moving towards them. The driver incredibly seemed not to have notice the two cars bearing down on him. Pusa flashed her lights and beeped her horn several times but there was no visible reaction from the driver who kept steadily approaching, getting ever closer and closer to them. 
The cars were so close now that Pusa could now see the Taxi driver more clearly. He was an elderly Thai man with balding hair and thick glasses. His taxi dashboard featured an impressive collection of Buddhist items including several statues and garlands of flowers. 
Pusa, swerve out of his way! Pearl yelled when shed briefly opened her eyes again. 
Pusa went to swerve her Toyota over to the right. There was no other choice but to mount the pavement and slam on her brakes. She told Pearl to hang on and grabbed the wheel.
Suddenly the taxi, which up until this moment had not shown any sign of reacting at all to the situation swerved with a screech of tyres and mounted the pavement.

***

Satisfied that he was now suitability in control of his faculties by completing his short walk in a reasonably straight line he turned around just in time to see a very pink-coloured taxi mount the curb and zoom towards him before making sudden and very painful contact with his body.
Then, the lights simply went out.

***

Pearl and Pusa screamed simultaneously as they passed the swerving taxi with only inches to spare. They couldn't quite believe that the impact had been avoided and Pearls racing heart felt like it could still break out of her chest at any minute. Pusa finally spotted a gap in the traffic and quickly pulled back into the left hand lane. She then slowed the car down dramatically to match the pace of the other cars.
The whole incident had only taken a minute or two but it had felt like an eternity to both of the girls. They drove on in silence until they arrived outside Pearls home.
I hope that the taxi driver was ok Pusa said, finally breaking the silence we must have scared him senseless.
I didnt see what happened next after he swerved out of our way Pearl replied perhaps we should have stopped?
Youre right Pearl Pusa agreed I just didnt think of that at the time
We could still go back now, just to check? Pearl added.
Pusa considered what to do for a few moments then subconsciously shook her head a little as she reached a decision.
No, Im sure its fine Pearl. We would have definitely scared the taxi driver but Im sure hes carried on his journey by now. I really dont think theres a need to get the police involved in this, its not as if we actually had an accident.
Pearl didnt agree but she didnt argue with Pusa. She just wanted to get out of the car and try to forget about the incident. If Pearl had listened carefully after Pusa had wished her goodnight she might have heard the ambulance siren approaching as it raced to the accident scene.

Chapter 43

Bumrungrad Hospital, Bangkok, Thailand
2 weeks after the operation 

She sat with him all of the next night. She hadnt planned on doing that at first, she was just going to drop in and check he was ok before heading home for the evening. However, so much had been going on that she just had to tell him about everything that had been happening.
As odd as it seemed, even to her, she really had always really enjoyed talking to him during his coma (or should that be talking at him). Her friends constantly asked why she spent so much time with someone who was unable to communicate back, but the more she thought about it, the more Pearl started to believe that there was a definite connection between them, and during their time together she would swear that shed seen increasing signs of recognition from him.
The other day, shed held an open bag of fresh coffee beans under his nose. Shed been reading an article the night before on reaching out to coma victims and in the article the professor claimed that several patients had reported being able to sense smell while in their catatonic state so she had thought it was worth a try. When she held the coffee under his nose she thought she saw a fraction of a reaction, perhaps a small twitch of the lips. Maybe it was a sign that he was a big coffee fan?
Anyway, by the time she had finished updating him on all of her recent activity it was too late for her to head home so shed sat with him all night, alternating between telling him about her life and about what she had been up to on his behalf for the past few weeks.
The night drew on. The hospital gradually got quieter, the sounds of other patients quietened down as people fell asleep. Pearl stayed by the mans side. For some reason that was still unclear to her, she felt like this was the best place for her to be. At one point one of the nurses on the night shift brought her a blanket and advised that she try to get some sleep, but Pearl was determined to stay awake as long as possible in case he finally woke up.
However, Pearls eyelids grew heavier with each passing hour and she eventually found herself rolling in and out of sleep. In her dreams Pearl found herself walking through a long dark alley following a shadowy figure. In the dream, every time that she increased her stride to catch up with the stranger, he would move further away. Every time she sped up, he increased speed as well and all of the time she had this feeling that she was going to lose him. However, dawn eventually came and Pearl emerged from the nightmare to find him stirring at last in his bed. Pearl watched him intently for a few minutes, then tried to give him a few drops of water by holding a cup to his mouth. 
Shortly after she heard him speak a few garbled words and then, in a moment that will stay with her forever he finally opened his dark brown eyes for the first time and looked at her clearly.
Pearl suddenly realised that she was still wearing the same clothes from the night before and probably looked awful. After all of the waiting she now had a sudden rush to go and clean herself up before talking to him but it was too late now and he was looking intently at her, seemingly amused by her internal debate.
Pearl finally plucked up the courage to speak. 
Hi, Im Pearl. Youre in a hospital in Bangkok. Ive been looking after you for the past few weeks. 
He looked back at her and didnt say anything for a few seconds. His eyes bore into hers though and slowly his lips curled into a smile. He opened his mouth to speak but only a dry croaking sound emerged. Pearl leaned over with the water glass and he finished the whole cup in one go.
Ah, thats better he said, thank you
Youre welcome Pearl replied do you know where you are?
Oh yes he replied and I know exactly who you are Nurse Pearl. I feel like I know you better than I know myself. With that declaration Pearl leant down towards him and they kissed for the first time. The touch of his lips on hers was electric and Pearl closed her eyes enjoyed the moment. Hed finally made it home to her!
The first kiss lasted a long time, and when they finally parted both of them had large smiles on their faces. They then sat quietly for a few minutes holding each others hands and looking into each others eyes. Pearl was immediately taken with his dark brown eyes, they seemed to communicate so much without him needing to talk. He really was handsome. 
Theres a lot to talk about, but theres just one thing Ive got to ask you first Pearl said as she lightly stroked his cheek with her fingers. 
Whats that? he replied. 
Pearl hesitated. Shed played out this question countless times over the past few weeks, always cross that she didnt have a strong feeling of what the answer might be. I just want to ask you what your name is.
Oh, you had me worried there he replied playfully. But youre absolutely right to ask. Its very rude of me not to have introduced myself before but I was a little out of sorts there. My name is Richard.

Epilogue

Present day, Bangkok, Thailand
6.00pm

Pearl and I walked hand in hand down the busy Soi/Street one evening in late July. We were just heading out to get some Pad Thai from our favourite local restaurant. It had great food but an amazingly bossy owner who practically terrorised his patrons whilst they sat and tried to enjoy their meal. 
If the food wasnt so delicious we wouldnt return again and again but after visiting the place so many times we just put the grumpiness of the owner down to part of the experience. The owner had even been known to refuse giving his customers a menu at all, but luckily after so many meals we knew our favourite dishes by heart. After many patient lessons from Pearl I even have the confidence to order my meals in Thai now. 
After giving our order we sat back and waited for our meals watching the world rush by along the Soi. It was another hot day but mercifully the humidity had dropped slightly making it less clammy. 
Suddenly a group of western tourists clattered by in one of the ubiquitous brightly coloured Tuk Tuk taxis that thunder around the city with their loud modified exhausts. The tourists all looked at me as they drove past and just before they turned the corner one of them yelled How much does she charge a night then? causing his chums to break out in fits of laughter.
I seethed inside hearing this, but on the outside I tried to remain calm. I really liked this concept of keeping a cool heart in Thailand and did my best to stick with that philosophy but idiots like that make it quite challenging.
Since waking up from my coma just over two weeks ago Ive noticed that everytime Pearl and I walk anywhere we are subjected to sneaky side glances and whispered comments about the fact that I, a western man am in love with a Thai girl.
The first few times it happened I really wanted to grab them, explain that I wasnt some sort of sex tourist and that Pearl was the best thing that ever happened to me. 
However, people like that would never understand so I guess I have to leave them with their opinions of us.
 I smile over at Pearl and hold her hand tighter in proud public view. People who took such a simplistic view of life would never understand what Pearl and I have. It feels like we have been together forever, whereas in reality its only been a few weeks since I left the hospital. Since then though weve been inseparable and every day I love finding out new things about her. 
The first few weeks after I woke up were incredibly busy. I found out that hundreds, if not thousands of people around the world had donated towards my operation costs, with a generous matching contribution from the Thai government. If that wasnt enough I was also amazed to receive a get well card signed by Katy Perry which was just incredible. Several of my friends now joke that getting run over was the best thing that ever happened to me.
Pearl quickly brought me up to speed on all of the work that she had done whilst I was unconscious. She even told me that she had only started using Facebook and Twitter to try and find out who I was! My first few days out of the hospital were spent thanking all of my new fans using Facebook, Twitter, and I even wrote a few hand written cards to the Thai minister and a few others. 
Pearl waved at the impatient manager and managed to get us another couple of beers ordered. Having told me how she only started using Facebook and Twitter to help me, I think weve now firmly established that shes an addict. I often tease her when I spot her checking her phone for updates. As for me, Im quite happy in the offline world.
The meal was delicious as always. I was particularly proud that I managed to enjoy something with a few chillies in it. I still had a long way to go before I could brave the stronger curries available, especially the much feared Penang green curry, but I planned to spend plenty of time here in Thailand so I was sure I could continue building up my spice tolerance.
After paying our bill and trying, but failing, to get a smile out of the grumpy owner as we walked away Pearl and I walked out to the middle of the soi and hailed a taxi. As it approached, I was suddenly reminded of the last moments before I had been hit by one. The memory caused me to shudder, and Pearl, demonstrating her amazing empathic ability grabbed my hand tighter. I immediately felt calmer, just as I had felt calmer when Pearl was with me during my comatose state. 
As we got into the taxi it again occurred to me that the crash that had almost killed me had actually saved my life. Without Pearls determination I would not have received my life saving treatment nor woken up. My killer tumour and car accident actually helped me find the love of my life! I wouldnt recommend my particular approach to everyone looking to meet that special someone out there, but as the taxi headed off towards our home I realised that if I had to do all of it again I wouldnt hesitate for a single second.
As I sat in the back of the cab holding Pearls hand I realised that all of this had just left me with a single unanswered question. Why are the taxis pink here?

End


Thank you for taking the time to read my book.  Please feel free to comment or review this book on the website that you downloaded it from.

Here's a sneak preview of my other book "System Error: In Your Favour", which is available on Smashwords and Amazon.com, I hope you enjoy it.

System Error: In Your Favour
 
Sample Copyright 2013 by Iain Clements
 
Chapter 1
 
Saturday evening, December, East London
 
The group waited at the corner of the cold, grey, and wet East London road whilst Francis queued up at the grimy, battered looking cash machine. It was the 3rd one hed tried that evening, and his friends patience was wearing thin in the cold night air.
 He inserted his card and entered his personal identity number (P.I.N), something hed done thousands of times in the past. He breathed a sigh of relief when the machine lit up, but then couldn't believe the message that appeared before his eyes.

WELCOME TO GLOBAL ENTERPRISE BANK. YOU WILL UNFORTUNATELY DIE IN 10 SECONDS - STARTING NOW. 10, 9, 8.

He dumbly watched the time countdown whilst his brain caught up with events. At 6 seconds to go, he began frantically pressing the cancel button on the ATM. Surely this was a joke?
 Whilst his friends waited obliviously, the counter continued, seemingly increasing in speed. 5, 4 he started looking around for the candid camera or reality TV crew but no-one was even looking at him.
 He was glued to the screen, totally immobile, whilst continuing to watch. 3, 2. His fast beating heart felt like it would explode out of his chest. His brain was logically telling him that there was nothing to fear, but the rest of his body had leapt into a high adrenalin state anyway.
 At the end of the countdown, the screen went blank and a few seconds later the following message appeared on screen.
 
THERE HAS BEEN A TECHNICAL FAULT WITH THIS MACHINE. WE APOLOGISE FOR ANY INCONVENIENCE CAUSED. HAVE A NICE DAY.
 
The machine then spat Francis card back out, and hugely relieved, yet feeling very silly for having been taken in by the joke, Francis walked quickly away from the machine.
 
Chapter 2
 
London
 
The dramatic, clock-ticking-themed music finished just as the lights went up in the news studio as the nine o clock broadcast began. The well-presented, but incredibly dull news presenter looked up from her desk to face the camera which had just switched to live mode.
Our top story tonight is the dramatic collapse of Best Energy, one of the worlds largest energy companies.
Investors and analysts are still shell-shocked at the unexpected credit crisis that led the company to seek emergency credit just after trading concluded last night on the London Stock Exchange.
 The screen showed footage of the corporate headquarters building whilst the presenter continued.
 Hours after attempting to negotiate emergency funding from the Bank of England and a consortium of private backers, the group CEO, Richard McClair unexpectedly announced that he was de-listing the firm from the stock market and effectively placing the company into administration.
 The display then showed the current company share price and the trajectory of its fall over the past 24 hours.
 Industry analysts have not been able to agree a single logical explanation for the companys swift change of fortune. Only last month, the groups annual profit estimates showed it was on course to turn over 11.2 Billion pounds this year with a 15% increase in profit from last year. Furthermore the groups last annual statement showed a cash reserve level of 2.1 billion so many individuals cannot understand how the company could hit such an unexpected cash flow issue.
Shortly before they were de-listed from trading Best Energy shares were at 99 pence each down from a record high of 4.43 a share just a month ago. The collapse of the company is likely to have cascading effects on several Best Energy creditors including several of the largest UK high street banks. If a buyer cannot be found for the company, this sudden collapse is likely to result in the immediate redundancy of the companys 25,000 strong workforce.
 As the newsreader prepared to move onto the next story, Kate grabbed the remote and turned off the TV. It would certainly be an interesting day in the office.
 
Chapter 3
 
OH DEAR, WHERE ARE MY MANNERS? I APOLOGISE, I SHOULD HAVE INTRODUCED MYSELF BY NOW.
YOU SHOULD HAVE SEEN THE LOOK ON HIS FACE! I CANNOT DETECT SMELL, BUT I WOULD IMAGINE PEOPLE IN THE LOCAL VICINITY OF THAT ATM MAY WELL HAVE PICKED UP ON HOW SCARED I MADE THE POOR MAN AS HE TRIED TO WITHDRAW HIS MONEY.
BUT, BEFORE I DIGRESS TOO MUCH  A LITTLE BACKGROUND FIRST. ILL SEE YOU LATER.

End of Sample




