

Kingfish



By Frank Perry, author
New Hampshire
books.by.frank@gmail.com


Copyright  2013 Published by Frank Perry at Smashwords.  All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the author. For permission requests, write to the author via email, subject: Attention: Permissions Coordinator, at email: books.by.frank@gmail.com.  For other requests, use the same address with a different subject.
Work of Fiction
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the authors imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Acknowledgements
The author would like to acknowledge the contributions made to this book by: Sandy Blair, my valued author friend and advisor, LTC Ken Starr, USA (Ret.) and Rick Cesario for their subject matter expertise. Beverly Heinle provided invaluable proofreading red marks. My lovely wife Janet Perry tolerantly read the early drafts, preventing too much embarrassment.
Books by Frank
Recall to Arms
The Cobra Identity
Reign of Terror
Letters from the Grave
Kingfish
Authors note:  I hope you will enjoy this book.  If you would like to preview my other books, please contact me for instructions for locating them on line (books.by.frank@gmail.com).  Happy reading!
Prolog: Failed Policy
The Washington Times, on June 2, 20111, reported the results of an international panel, prepared by the Global Commission on Drug Policy2.  According to the Times article, ...The fact is that the war on drugs is a failure.
The 19-member commission included several heads of state and noted individuals including former U.S. officials George P. Schultz and Paul Volcker.
The Nixon-era War on Drugs has escalated each year, resulting in massive expenditures, organized crime, overcrowded prisons, and human destruction on a scale unknown since the Second World War.  This doesnt suggest that nothing should be done to curb drug abuse in America and around the world, but criminalized production and distribution of illegal drugs has corrupted governments in all parts of the world, including America. Organized crime in America exists today primarily because of current drug enforcement policies.  Drug consumption and Government corruption have both increased dramatically over thirty years since the war began.  And it is all a direct result of American policy.
U.S. taxpayers have spent over a trillion dollars fighting the war and are continuing to lose an un-winnable battle.  At the same time, nothing effective has been done to curb consumer demand.  Its ironic that a partial-legalization and closely-regulation policy, especially for marijuana, would do more to curb abusive drug use and end gangland violence, while actually generating tax revenue as does alcohol, than any so-called war. A small fraction of current war expenditures, redirected to focus on curbing demand by American citizens, would do more to defeat the scourge of abuse, then continuing to try to block the distribution pipelines.  As long as the public demands drugs, there will always be a supply.  Drug distribution channels are not fixed in place by the gangs controlling them.  Like any agile enemy at war, they constantly adapt to Americas defenses.  The monetary attraction is just too great for producers and smugglers to be deterred, even with the threat of death.  Such is war.
The sad fact is that being hard on drugs has become a perverted platform for politicians.  To redirect resources and start to curb the scourge of drug abuse, political courage of a different kind is needed to re-address the problem.  Policy today is actually fostering the problem, by creating the circumstances favoring illicit drug manufacturing and distribution by monstrously wealthy drug cartels: Cartels that manage their businesses through blood. From history, we should have learned that barricading the borders under Prohibition was the wrong answer to controlling substance abuse.

1.   Report: Drug war a failure, The Washington Times, June 2, 2011
2.   War on Drugs, Global Commission on Drug Policy. June, 2011
(http://www.globalcommissionondrugs.org/Report)

The Farallons
The Farallon Islands are an eight-mile-long stretch of unwelcoming rock pinnacles jutting from the Pacific, ranging from twenty-five to thirty miles off the Northern California coastline.  Theyre remnants of an ancient tectonic upheaval, officially part of San Francisco County today.  On clear days, they cast a grey silhouette against the western sky that can be seen from the Golden Gate Bridge.  Clear days are rare.  Winds and perpetual surf have eroded the islands, sculpting steep craggy peaks and arches rising a hundred feet above the surface, then sinking sharply below, descending to over eight hundred feet.  Uninhabitable by humans, the islands are a natural sanctuary for sea birds and mammals.  Massive kelp beds and plankton-rich Pacific currents support all forms of marine life, including abalone and urchins, in dense natural underwater hatcheries.  Seals and otters thrive on this vast food supply.  To their peril, a natural enemy, the Great White Shark, inhabits these waters as well in greater abundance than anywhere else in the world.
Tim Chambers and Brock Keefe worked in Sausalito as drywall installers during the week and spent their weekends as commercial divers along the California Coast, harvesting sea urchins for their roe, which is a delicacy on the west coast and in Asia.  Together, they owned an old nineteen-foot open skiff with a single Mercury outboard motor.  Their diving gear was a hookah system, consisting of a scuba regulator tethered by a high-pressure hose to a small air compressor aboard the boat.  Wearing a wetsuit and heavy weight belts, they could work along the rocky ocean bottom for long periods, sending their catch in baskets to the surface by a rope tended from the boat.  They would alternate diving and tending duties.
Both men were in their mid-twenties and unmarried.  They made enough money working underwater on the weekends to pay for their boat and expenses, but little profit.  They were not full-time professional divers; they just loved doing it on most weekends.  They had licenses to dive commercially.
Most of the time, they would anchor in kelp beds near the mainland coast, not far from the mouth of the Golden Gate.  If the weather was calm enough, and they had time to cruise farther out, they would venture to the Farallons where the harvest was much richer.  It was a kind of manly dare between them to cross the open ocean in the small open boat.  Neither would admit to being nervous about the sharks, which had multiplied along the Northern California coast since otters and seals had thrived under Government protection.   At least one diver was attacked each year in the Farallons.  A diver named Edleman had been killed and partially eaten only a week before.  The U.S. National Parks Service had issued a warning for divers to avoid entering water near the North Farallon Island for at least a year.  The huge sharks were known to be territorial during certain times of the year, then would usually move to new feeding grounds.  Tim and Brock were diving at the southern-most island, miles away.
The dark pre-dawn swells were running about six feet tall at long gentle intervals in a dense fog.  They cruised slowly, watching and listening for ships in the channel, using a magnetic compass for navigation.  The fog would lift by mid-morning when the wind and chop would increase.  They planned to dive along the leeward side of the southern-most island, shielded from the worst weather.  If sea conditions followed the normal summer pattern, the men would return home after dark when conditions subsided again.  If it remained too rough at night to cross to the mainland, they carried sleeping bags and food to stay overnight on the boat at anchor.  Once the holding tank was filled, the boat would sink ten inches lower in the water, becoming dangerous to manage in anything but a glassy flat sea.  At the Farallons, they expected to have a full load quickly.
It was cold and damp, as they neared the island. They could smell it before seeing anything.  After two hours of cruising, they slowed as the swells moderated and the gulls could be heard above the engine noise, as they neared their destination.  They couldnt see it, but there were indications that the jutting cliffs were somewhere close ahead.  They were entering a vast kelp field.  The fog was thinning from the sunrise behind them, and the grey ghostly silhouette of south island suddenly appeared.  Brock threw the anchor overboard into the kelp and Tim shifted into reverse, stopping forward motion.
Both were psyched about the money they could make in this fertile area, but also had private thoughts about the man-eaters living there.  They didnt talk about it.  With swells and wind coming from the northwest, they were anchored in dense seaweed close to the cliffs on the southeastern side of the highest peak, about fifty feet from shore in thirty feet of water.  They were surrounded by a dark brown kelp carpet spreading around the boat from stalks anchored to the rocky bottom below.  The rugged shore at the base of the cliff had hundreds of sea lions waiting for the sun.  Some bellowed warnings at the boat, but most continued to sleep.  There were summer storms farther out in the Pacific, and rough sea conditions sent waves hundreds of miles, creating more silt in the water than usual, obscuring visibility.  The anchor rope disappeared from view in the dark green water no more than six feet below the surface.
His teeth chattered in the mist as Chambers put on his black wetsuit for the first dive of the day while Keefe started the compressor and arranged the tethers.  They didnt speak much during these practiced rituals.  If the reef below was covered with legal-size urchins as both hoped, the basket would come up full a dozen times during the first hour before it would be Keefes turn to work on the bottom.  Chambers normally wore a fourteen pound weight belt when free diving to offset the buoyancy of his neoprene suit, but today he wore an additional ten-pound belt.  This allowed him to wear sneakers instead of swim fins and stand on the rocky sea ledge.  Even though the bottom sloped at fifteen degrees, the crustaceans living on the massive outcroppings provided ample traction.  He just needed to avoid stepping into fissures where moray eels would feel threatened.  
Ten minutes after anchoring, Tim sat on the edge of the hull with his feet in the water, adjusting his facemask and testing airflow.  Brock handed him the tool bag inside the haul net that would be lowered and raised as Tim filled it with urchins.  If all went well, they would have a full holding tank today.
With a final thumbs-up, Chambers pushed off as the air hose and haul net rope uncoiled beside Keefe on deck.  Almost as quickly as he jumped, he disappeared from view, leaving a steady stream of bubbles boiling on the surface.  Divers respiration rates often accelerate when first shocked by the cold ocean, and bubbles rose in a constant stream before the water inside Chambers wet suit warmed to body temperature.  Today, tension from poor visibility and unspoken danger surrounding the Farallons contributed to higher anxiety.  The compressor could handle Tims excessive air usage.  Brock instinctively maintained vigilance, watching around the boat for any sign of danger, but the Great Whites dont usually swim on the surface.  Attacks come from below.
The crimson-streaked eastern sky had not yet provided any usable light below the surface.  Tim sank, surrounded by darkness all around. He was descending in a forest of tall kelp trees and his only sight references were the tethers in his hands and the faint shadow of the boat above. Occasionally, small fish silhouettes appeared and disappeared.  After about a minute descending into the increasing darkness, vague seafloor contours appeared on the shallower right side while blackness remained to his left.  His feet hit an uneven outcropping, covered with sea grass and barnacles.
It was difficult to balance without visible references.  After stabilizing, he bent close to the bottom and saw the floor surrounding him covered with dark brown spiny urchins.  Excitement replaced anxiety as he filled the net in just two minutes without moving his feet.  He was careful to measure each one for legal size, but most of them were so large it wasnt necessary.  He couldnt see more than six feet.  It didnt matter.  He had never seen so many urchins waiting to be plucked from the rocks.  After the second basket was sent to the surface, curious sea lions began swimming near him close enough to get a brief glimpse, and he enjoyed breaking an urchin open to feed them.  If he had thought about it, this was a stupid thing to do.  Sharks ate the seals.
Time went by quickly when Brock pulled on the air hose, signaling Tim to come up.  The holding tank on the boat was already a third full of urchins and sea water.  Tim unclipped and lifted his fourteen-pound belt into the haul net with some urchins and floated slowly to the surface as Brock pulled on the air hose and rope together.  Breaking the surface, Tim yelled, Man, youve never seen it like this before.  Theres gold on the bottom!
Brock had been dumping the haul net, imagining what it must be like. Well get aboard, and let me see!
Tim lifted his ten-pound belt over the side and tossed his mask and regulator into the boat, making it easier to climb over the swim platform at the stern.  Brock!  You should see it down there!  We could be rich, man!  I never seen so many urchins and abalone.  Its like no one has ever been here before.  Red abs (abalone) is crawlin on top of each other.
Brock was equally excited and half suited up when Tim got fully aboard.  Tim, empty the net, I wanna get down there.  Weve never had a haul like this so fast.
Tim helped him with his weight belts and coiled the lines for a smooth descent.  Okay pal, we could be heading in by noon if this keeps up.  Its pretty dirty down there with poor visibility, but I didnt see any end to it.  Just start a little south of the boat, and keep working toward deeper water.  I was at about fifty feet, moving around the kelp stalks.  Its dark, but you dont need to see far to find em.
Brocks excitement raged, and he was already sitting on the edge.  Hand me the basket, and hold my lines.  He jumped in and started his descent as Tim managed the lines.  Like Tim, he saw the bottom only a moment before impact.  Even without moving to deeper water he was still finding urchins that Tim had missed.  They could come back to this spot for years and never deplete the supply.
The kelp forest was all around him, casting dark shadows as the sun rose and fog thinned above.  Visibility improved to about ten feet with more light, and the ethereal shapes of the kelp growing from their roots on the bottom to the surface created a broad ceiling above, punctuated by sparkling rays of light.  It was like working in a huge smoke-filled forest at dawn.  He looked up briefly to find the boat for reference and saw the vague shaded shape of the hull.  He was reluctant to move deeper into the darkness.
Brock sent the first net to the surface working from the same area as Tim earlier.  Like someone running through an orchard that was partially picked, he was anxious to see the un-harvested part.  The descending slope was leading to increasingly darker depths, but Brock wanted to find the boundaries of the urchin field, working slowly down the ledge.  He just couldnt believe how plentiful their prize really was.  Then he saw it, a uniformly-shaped structure in the monochromatic blackness ahead of him.  He knew what it was before he could see even a third of it at this depth.
He was five feet from the rear end of a car that was covered with a thin layer of algae.  It was upright on its wheels, lying awkwardly on an outcropping with its nose pointed toward deeper water.  It almost looked like someone parked on one of San Franciscos steep hills near the bay.  Unlike San Francisco, this car hadnt simply slipped gear and rolled into the harbor, not twenty-five miles at sea.  He rubbed the rear of the trunk lid with his gloved hand and recognized the emblem.  There was a license plate still attached to the bumper with a registration sticker that had been valid only a year earlier.  As he looked at it, sea lions started darting around him before disappearing into the kelp forest.  Then all light was eclipsed by a huge mass moving slowly overhead.
On the surface, between the boat and shore rocks, the seals and sea otters seemed agitated and nervous.  They were barking at the water and jumping out as fast as they could swim.  On the bottom, Brock felt a chill overtake him, a chill having nothing to do with the cold dark water surrounding him.  He looked up slowly, careful to remain motionless.  A huge shark, nearly twenty feet long, was above.  Its tail was almost as tall as a man and brushed against his yellow air hose, jerking him upward and nearly causing him to panic.  He could hide safely near the car and possibly even under it if the monster turned downward toward him.  Hed seen blue sharks before, but never anything over six feet long.  This monster looked as big as a school bus and could eat a diver as easily as the sea lions that were its usual meal.
On the surface, Tim tugged on the lines, figuring that a shark must be nearby.  Brock reacted with a sharp tug that Tim mistook as a signal to come up.  He thought Brock meant to hurry, so pulled hard, lifting Brock off the bottom, leaving him with no choice but to outswim the beast.  He was ascending as shark bait.  He panicked, dropping both weight belts and inflating his buoyancy compensator, accelerating up at a dangerous rate.  He knew he was risking the bends, nitrogen poisoning.  He was rising too fast with darkness all around him.  He tried to keep breathing in and out, but fear seized him as the eye and jaw of the beast came from behind, passing within a foot of his face.  It swam past him close enough to touch, showing a girth almost five feet across, covered in tough gritty skin.  As it passed by, the massive tail swished him aside.  He tumbled, momentarily disoriented.  Tims tugging pulled him upright.  Then the shark returned out of the darkness.  Its gaping mouth obscured the eyes and it missed him, only inches from his torso as it shot past again.  Its jaws were wider than Brocks whole upper body with teeth about three inches long.  He was close and saw the rows of jagged razors embedded in powerful blood-red jaws.  Brock felt bile welling up from his stomach as the beast disappeared again.
Terror overtook him as he reached for the boat hull now only feet above.  Tim had seen none of it.  Then the shark made another pass charging from the depths below, and Brock jerked his legs up to his chest.  The sharks mouth missed him by inches and broke the surface sending water over the boat like a nuclear submarine, shooting ten feet in the air.  Brock broke the surface alongside and Tim grabbed both his arms to help pull him aboard.  It was difficult with the boat rocking badly from the surge.
That was the only time Tim saw the massive sharks full length, longer than the boat, as it turned and charged again directly toward Brocks dangling lower body.  Adrenalin in both men catapulted Brock over the side onto the deck with Tim falling beside him.  Brock was unhurt but shaking uncontrollably.  They lay motionless without speaking, afraid to show themselves above the side of the boat.  It felt safe lying flat, hoping the big shark wouldnt attack the boat.
The Lobbyist
The Washington DC Metro system (WMATA) is a marvel of confusion.  Anyone visiting the Capitol region for the first time is perplexed by the systems fare card dispensers.  Fares vary, depending on the distance travelled and time of day.  Educated Americans cant easily figure out how much money to enter when purchasing a fare card at the automated kiosks.  Foreigners find it impossible.  Even the seasoned Washingtonians usually just enter fifty dollars on their smart-cards and let the system deduct each ride before re-filling the credit amount when it gets low.  Other cities in the U.S. and around the world have simple token or flat fare systems that anyone can use.  A large percentage of the WMATA passengers live in poor areas without cars and rely on the system for all their transportation.  These people find the credit card feature on the kiosks insulting even beyond the system calculus, because most dont qualify for cards.
Professionals around the Capitol, including Government executives, legislators, lawyers, lobbyists and thousands of support staff, mingle with students, janitors, maids and street cleaners on their daily commutes.  WMATA carries an amalgam of culturally and ethnically diverse people throughout the system.  Almost a million people use it each day.  They rely on the efficiency and timeliness of the trains to manage their daily routines.  Since September 11, 2001, people have been wary and vigilant.  The Washington Metro is a particularly attractive target for terrorists since there is almost certainly someone newsworthy on the various train lines during rush hours.  The system is generally safe from bullies and thieves, given its complexity and expense during peak hours, but the ethic mix in the Capitol district makes many people uneasy.
Hunter Kohl was late.  It was something that he never tolerated for himself.  He had lived in Old Town Alexandria, Virginia, for almost a year and never missed an appointment.  His rented townhouse was only three blocks from the King Street Metro stop.  But this morning, an early morning phone call from his girlfriend, Laura Malone, had been an unexpected distraction.  He wasnt going to miss talking to her just to have a leisurely walk to the train.  He was young and in superior physical shape, working out several times per week, and could make up time by running to the Metro instead of walking leisurely as usual.
He held the phone, resting it between his shoulder and ear while locking his front door as they said goodbye.  He lived on a side street near King Street in a renovated townhouse apartment.  Like most of the original buildings in Old Town, his heavy centuries-old painted door opened to a stoop with three steps down to the brick sidewalk.  He jumped down and moved fast up the hill.  The air was already thick.  Humidity in the Capitol region is horrible in the early summer, filling the air with a dull grey haze.  By running and some luck with the train schedule, he would still make his lunch meeting.  He wasnt even winded when he arrived at the station, covered with a thin layer of moisture.  Washington is still a place where people dress in suits and ties for everyday business, despite the weather.  Making it worse, the train was departing just as he stood at the fare machine near the bottom of the escalator leading up to the platform.
He needed to add money from his credit card to his SmarTrip card.  While inserting his American Express and pressing various keys to enter twenty dollars, he heard the train door chimes from the elevated platform above, indicating that the doors were closing.  It departed the station just as he got to the platform at the top of the escalator.  Two train lines used the station, the Blue line and the Yellow.  The departing train was the yellow-line, and he would need to wait for the next one into The District. The blue-line train ran alternately between the yellow and also went into the Capitol district, but it looped through Roselyn and Georgetown, taking and extra twenty minutes before arriving back in the center of DC. The yellow line was the most direct. He would also need to transfer to the red line once he got into the district, so overall, the yellow-line would be fastest even though the Blue line would stop at King Street next.  He looked at the digital clock in the center of the platform  damn.
The Metro system in Washington is reliable, but the interval between trains lengthens after rush hour in the morning and evening, as patronage declines.  The terracotta floor tiles on all platforms have round glass inserts that blink when a train is coming.  In between trains, the lights remain on steadily, which added to Hunters frustration.  Noon trains were scheduled about half as often as morning trains.  Looking up at the electronic marquee only increased his anxiety when it said ten minutes before the arrival of the next yellow train.  After pacing alone in the midday heat on the platform, the floor lights began blinking.  He looked down the track and saw a yellow placard in the front window of the train.
It had been a long ten minutes.  Once aboard, he took a seat near the door where he could see fore and aft.  There were only two other people in the fifty-foot long car.  Both looked disinterested in him or their surroundings.  From habit, Hunter always assessed the people around him.  One of the men wore a dark green mechanics uniform and hid behind a newspaper.  The other man was younger, hiding under gigantic headphones, bobbing his head to some unheard rhythm.  Neither man looked suspicious.  Neither one looked like a terrorist or mugger, at least not to Hunter.  He couldnt do anything but wait and enjoy the sites while the train travelled above ground. The ride seemed extra slow while still in Virginia, then it finally crossing above the Potomac River parallel to the Fourteenth Street Bridge before descending underground again for the L'Enfant Plaza station inside the Capitol district.  Two stops after LEnfant, the train arrived underground at Gallery Place, where he departed to transfer to the red-line.  Gallery Place station has tracks crisscrossing on different levels, so Hunter took the escalator up to the next level for his train.  At the top, he was still underground on the vacant platform, indicating that he had just missed the train again.  He had another aggravating delay, waiting for an east-bound red-line train. While standing on the platform, it occurred to him that he had never been above ground at Gallery Place and had no idea where it was located in the district.  He didnt plan to find out today.  The train arrived in twelve minutes and he entered the nearest car, sitting alone except for an elderly woman toward the back.
In total, he was about fifteen minutes behind schedule when the train finally arrived at Union Station at the base of the hill leading up to the Senate office buildings.  He jogged up First Street with his sport coat over his shoulder.  Summer heat and humidity were high, but at least it wasnt raining yet.  It rains often in Washington during the summer.  He still wasnt comfortable wearing business attire for work.  His whole life had been either casual living or in a uniform.  Todays lunch meeting was to be at a small bistro farther east along Constitution Avenue from the Hart Senate Office building.
He was meeting Brian Collie, who was the number two person on the professional staff of the Senate Appropriations Committee.  Brian and his team were responsible for the actual language written into the annual Appropriations Bill from the Senate. The bill is actually separated into several bills for each executive department of government, and could be over one thousand pages in length before going to the President for signature after both houses of Congress were satisfied that their interests were served.  Technically, the various agencies put their budget requests into a single document combined and formatted by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) which functions under the office of the President before sending it to the Congress for Authorization and Appropriation of funds.  The Appropriations Bill could, in theory, be a one-page document approving the budget requested.  In reality, much of the Presidents request was ignored, and Congressional delegates crafted appropriations to satisfy their personal agendas, regardless of the actual operational needs of the Executive departments and agencies.  This is done to please their constituents back home or to barter for support from other legislators.
Several large components of the requested budget, notably the defense and homeland security parts, are always substantially rewritten in the Congress.  This has gone on for years and always frustrates the military and homeland forces, Border Patrol, Coast Guard, and others, because millions or billions of dollars go to things they dont need, leaving them short on things critical to their missions.
Lobbyists are responsible to their clients for the language coming out of Congress.  In typical fashion, the President will sign the various appropriation bills in order to show some amount of cooperation with the Legislature.  It all boils down to politics.  On rare occasions, the President will veto the bill and force Congress to re-address his administrations concerns.  Because the Bills are haggled and massaged in Congressional committees until late in the fiscal year, it has become common for interim bills to be issued until the final language is agreed, especially when there are partisan reasons to embarrass the administration.  This creates immense confusion and huge inefficiencies in all agencies, but is the legacy process embedded in Washington.  If the Congressional leaders and the President are in philosophical agreement, the process can function well.  Such cooperative atmosphere, however, was currently lacking between the branches.
 Brian Collie was about five years younger than Hunter, having taken the staff position after receiving his Masters Degree in Economics from NYU.  They were quite a contrast.  Hunter was six two, trim and muscular, around two hundred ten pounds with a very low body fat index.  His dark brown hair had grown to medium length since leaving the uniformed services, but was always neatly trimmed.  He had an air of confidence from surviving life-threatening circumstances, while he maintained a youthful handsomeness.  Although clean shaven, his beard grew quickly and showed moderate stubble by lunch time.  Brian, by contrast, was short, chubby and soft, with overgrown hair.  He had the childlike appearance of a college freshman except for his cheap business suit and horn-rimmed glasses.  Hunter still had perfect vision, which he attributed to spending less time pouring through books in school.
Brians father was a prominent New York attorney and political contributor, able to get his son on the staff of their family friend, a Senator, who was on the Appropriations Committee.  Professional Staff members were technically neutral politically, reporting to the bipartisan committees, but each ultimately still owed their allegiance to their sponsor in the Legislature.  Brian and the other staff members were all young bright politically-connected professionals, not affiliated, technically, with any political party.
The committee staffers did all of the behind-the-scenes work, crafting the bills for committee purposes.  They actually had broad discretion in wording the legislation, as long as it satisfied the intent of members.
Hunter was inexperienced as a lobbyist, but it didnt matter too much.  His interface was mostly with a few committee staffers and certain members of the House and Senate.  The office staffs of the elected members were also young professionals of varying backgrounds.  He usually met with legislative assistants who appreciated his background credentials more than the typical professional lobbyists, charging a thousand dollars per hour to their clients.  Hunter was a California state employee paid as a liaison with the states delegates in Washington.  He worked for the California Department of Substance Abuse and Control.  Most of the people he needed to influence were actually the staffers that did all the background deal making, while the elected politicians spent their time getting reelected.  Most staffers were interns working for slave wages to establish credentials that would launch them into future careers.  Hunter wasnt from an Ivy League background and didnt have a politically connected family.  But he was experienced as an operator in the field, which gave him creditability with most of them.
He reached the top of the hill in less than two minutes, near the Senate Building Complex, then turned eastward on Constitution Avenue toward the restaurant district two blocks away.  Three minutes later, he found Brian standing on the sidewalk in front of the cafe waiting for him, just ending a mobile phone call.
Brian, Im sorry, Im late.
Not a problem, Hunt.  I just got here, anyway.
The bistro had outdoor seating like most eateries along the avenue, but it was too hot to sit outside.  They took seating inside at one of the large tables surrounded by familiar chatter about various legislative matters.
After they both ordered water, Hunter said, Well, how have you been?
Brian answered, Busy as hell.  The new ranking member is a real tear.  She wants to pull ten percent out of the fiscal spending bill and doesnt want to listen to anyone.  You know eighty percent of the appropriations go to entitlements that are set in law and cant change.  We really only get to work with a small part of the budget.
I dont know, Brian.  It seems like youre always faced with too many wants and not enough money.  All the news is about deficits these days.
Yeah, every member wants to show the folks back home that they protected pet projects, but then they campaign about cuts in Government spending.  Fascinating, dont you think?
They ordered lunch, and Hunter didnt answer the question.  Brian went on.  I saw Leigh Bryant yesterday. Leigh was a lobbyist consulting for California who had helped Hunter get situated in the area and oriented on Capitol Hill when he took the position with the state.
Gosh, I havent seen Leigh for a few weeks.  I usually bump into her once or twice a week somewhere on the Hill.
Shes not around as much now with the baby.  I think her client load is down to one or two, just to keep active.  Mostly, shes a stay-at-home mom.
Hunter chuckled.  Yeah, the guy she married from the British Embassy got a nice job in town with some big defense company, and she really doesnt need to work anymore.
Well, maybe someday well both be so lucky.
Hunter didnt plan to stay in Washington long.  He missed the west coast.  His sister hadnt really given him any option when she recruited him out of the Border Patrol to Lobby for the state.  She and her husband, Jos, had worked together as lawyers to ease drug restrictions and hopefully end the violence on the California border.  Jos had led the effort for the state and was travelling to Washington almost every week to press for changes in policy.  Hed disappeared two years ago and was presumed to be the victim of foul play.  Hunters sister, Claire, was the next logical target when she took over for Jos.  She also had two small children.  Hunter took on the lobbying assignment partially to relieve Claire, but also to make her role less dangerous.  Hunter had seen the Drug War first hand as a Border Patrol Agent, and prior to that as a Navy SEAL in secret missions into South America.  The U.S. policy toward drug barriers at the border was not only impractical to enforce, but it created a murderous breed of drug smugglers.  He was glad to take on the Washington assignment to bring change to an impossible situation that was killing hundreds of thousands and costing Americans billions each year.  Most of the killings occurred below the border, out of mind to most Americans.  It was exciting and enlightening to Hunter to be involved with the processes in Washington that could actually end the violence.
Lunch arrived and their water was refilled when Brian asked, Well, for the price of a meal, you have my dedicated attention, Hunt.  What can I help with?
Ah, you know, Brian.  Im just checking to see if our language is still holding in the spending bill.
Brian smiled at him.  Hunt, Im doing everything I can to keep it tucked away.  Some of the new conservative members have questioned it, but so far its still there.
Do you need anything more from me?
Nope.  Youve given me more background stuff than I need.  It makes complete sense, but you know politicians.  Theyre only thinking about getting reelected, so the right thing often has nothing to do with it.
So, what are the chances that itll stay in the bill?
I dont know.  Say, fifty-fifty.  I havent actually asked Ian yet.  Ian Firth was Director of the Professional Staff.  But I want to get him to agree to support it.  Hes got more clout with the member staffs.
Do I need to meet with Ian?
Ill let you know.  Right now, Id like to keep it below the radar and see if it slides.
Hunter chuckled, You know this wont quietly pass into law without major media attention.
Yeah, I know, but Id rather fight that battle after someone has signed off.  Otherwise, itll die silently in committee and never get seen by the public.
I guess its happened before.
Brian nodded, Every year since long before I came here.
Yeah, but now we have a financial crisis, and the border wars are escalating.  Someone needs to show some balls and solve it once and for all.  I dont think the stars of reform have ever aligned so well before.
Brian chuckled, Yeah balls!  This is Capitol Hill.  Its full of eunuchs.
So, for now, Ill continue working with the California delegates.
I think its all you should do right now, Hunt.  Ill let you know if the language gets challenged, then you can figure out how to change some minds.  With the growing cast of conservatives on both sides, they dont want to go against party mantra, and the Drug War is a Republican centerpiece.
Brian, after thirty years of barricading our borders against drugs, all weve done is to kill hundreds of thousands of people, spent trillions, and brought violence to every city in the country.  Its had no effect on drug use in America.
Brian looked at him askance, Hunt, why do you think Im having lunch with you?  Were on the same side on this.  The reality is, though, that the Religious-Right and Dudley-Do-Rights are able to stir up the masses that vote them into office on the basis of some antiquated Puritan notion that we can somehow stop drug use by building fences no matter how many people die.
Brian, you know theyre addressing the wrong problem.  Its just like prohibition.  We need to control demand on our side of the border and enforce rules against bad behavior.  If Americans want illegal drugs, there will be criminals supplying them.  The real solution is legalization with corresponding penalties for anti-social behavior and better education programs.  Hell, most of our kids parents took drugs.  Lots still take drugs.  We need to turn a horrible situation in the Drug War thats failed for thirty years into a money-making commercial and regulatory system that pays for curbing demand.  It would invert the entire economic impact.  It would end the drug war, end the violence, and turn a major drain on our economy into a cash generator, just like it did when the Capone era ended.  Hell, Prohibition brought organized crime and corruption to our major cities that were still living with  look at Chicago.
Okay, Hunt.  Youve earned your pay today for your client.
Sorry, Brian, it sort of goes with the job.
Look, Hunt.  You dont need to apologize.  You fought on the front lines of this war; youve been wounded and seen friends die.  You understand this at a grassroots level  something our elected officials can never do.  Its all political, so get used to it.  I hear it all the time from the Border Patrol and DEA guys.  They know we cant win a war thats unsupported by the population.  The demand for drugs is stronger than ever.  But, this is how Washington works.  Its not about doing the right thing, its about winning.  Mostly its about getting reelected.
Thanks Brian.  I get the impression that a lot of people here understand how to solve it, but no onell risk the political backlash.
Yeah, so maybe our language will stick this time.  Welcome to Washington, Hunt.
Laurie
Her meeting ended around two oclock in the afternoon and she needed to get back to more productive work that would last into the evening.  She felt, along with all the other Contract Specialists, that none of them needed to hear, again, how the next few months would be hectic as the federal fiscal year came to an end.  Theyd all heard it a constantly for weeks.  Most of them had already been through at least one annual cycle in their jobs as Government buyers.  The pattern was the same every year.  Most of the procurement dollars each year went to purchases that happened in the late summer in a rush just before the fiscal year ended.  Buyers were always at the end of the whip as people panicked about losing their funds if they werent spent.  Shed been through it twice before and knew what to expect without being lectured.  She would lose most of her evenings and some weekends to the job over the next eight weeks.
Returning to her desk, the message LED on her desk phone was blinking.  There were several messages that she erased quickly.  Then she sat back and smiled, listening to the whole dialogue from one of them.  When it ended, she dialed his number.
He answered, Kohl.
Hey, you called?
Yeah.  How about dinner tonight?  Im bouncing around the Hill for a couple more hours then Ill be home by five.  How about I pick you up at six?
Umm.  I should really stay here tonight.  Ive got a couple big orders to get out and got behind listening to the boss for the last hour.
So, is that a no?
I guess not.  But lets not drive anywhere.  Ill come to your place.  Lets meet at the Metro station and walk down to the Potomac.
You want to mingle with all the tourists?
No, Id just like to wander through the shops in Old Town.  Why, you dont want to walk around holding my hand?
You put it that way, how can I refuse ... six then at the station?
Its a date.
Laura Malone grew up in Maryland in the peaceful tranquility of the Eastern Shore.  She attended a small regional high school where she was active in athletics, playing varsity girls soccer for three years and swimming all four years.  In her junior and senior years, she was also a football cheerleader.  Despite her activities, she worked hard overcoming her natural shyness around people, and Washington was crowded with people everywhere.
When shed finished college three years earlier, she took a position as an entry-level buyer in Washington with the Federal Aviation Administration.  The FAA provided purchasing services for many of the other government agencies, including the United States Border Patrol, which was part of the Department of Homeland Security.
Hunter Kohl first met Laura over the phone when he was an agent working along the San Diego Border Sector.  She managed a few small purchases for the Sector and Hunter was her customer.  They talked on the phone often over a yearlong period about official business, but the discussions eventually became more personal.  They were both single, and when Hunter took the job for the state government under his sister, he called Laura right after moving to Washington.  They first met face-to-face a week after he settled in Alexandria, beginning a relationship that was growing progressively closer.  Theyd been friends on Facebook before he arrived and knew a lot about each other.
Laura was cautious about meeting strangers in person for the first time, even if they had been communicating in cyberspace.  It was probably the lack of intimacy over the distance that allowed their friendship to develop before they actually met.  She was pretty, and several young men had either failed to connect through the usual pickup approaches, or were intimidated by her.  She could buy clothes off the rack that fit perfectly around her slim five-five frame.  Her naturally wavy brunette hair was shoulder length and her eyes were a brilliant shade of green.
She was career-minded and grew up intending to work for the Government like her parents.  The DHS protected Americans on home turf and fit nicely with her aspirations.  She graduated at the top of her class from the University of Maryland with a degree in accounting.
Hunter didnt know much about politics when he transferred to Washington.  Civics had never interested him in high school.  Now that he was working in it, totally immersed in the legislative process, he was getting a crash course.  Hed been recruited by his sister, who worked at the state capitol in Sacramento as an attorney.  Although he now worked for the state, he was transferred immediately to Washington, DC, to be a liaison for federal legislation aimed at ending the drug violence that was ruining the states economy.  He had been with the Border Patrol for four years before, involved in several firefights with smugglers along the Southern California border.  Before working for the Border Patrol, Hunter had been in the Navy as a SEAL, working with Team One in San Diego.  As a native Californian, he loved the state and was passionate about improving conditions there.  He didnt care much about how Government worked on any level before coming to Washington, but it wasnt hard to understand his role once he was involved in the processes.  His sister wanted someone she could trust completely on the ground and had arranged for Leigh Bryant, their consultant, to mentor him on a part-time basis as she quit fulltime work on the Hill to raise a family.  Leigh had been their professional liaison, as a registered lobbyist, helping Jos with legwork at the Capital.  Leigh wanted to be a stay-at-home mother, working only as her schedule allowed, after almost two decades as a congressional staffer and independent consultant.  Jos had never had her handle the entire congressional interface, and often came to Washington for meetings with legislators and staff members.  When Hunter was assigned there, Leigh agreed to teach him the ropes.
That evening at six oclock, the weather had cooled slightly and a short downpour had cleared the air of excessive humidity.  It was a nice evening for a stroll along the river.  Hunter stood at the bottom of the King Street station escalator waiting for Laura to arrive from work.  Her train showed up ten minutes later.  She could see him waiting below the turnstiles and waved from the elevated platform when exiting the train,.  She was dressed in a light print skirt and blue cotton top, looking gorgeous and fresh, suspiciously like she had gone home before coming to meet him.  She lived in Arlington near the blue line, convenient for stopping before continuing on to his station.  
At the bottom, they embraced momentarily and kissed.  She asked, Been here long?
Just got here.  You look terrific by the way.  She wore sneakers (Washington high heels).  He wore Khaki shorts and a white polo shirt.  They made a handsome couple.  Both were tall and fit.
They walked together out of the station heading east, along King Street toward the River.  It was almost a mile to the historic part of Alexandria along the Potomac.  He was tempted to put his arm around her waist, but it was too hot and humid -- they held hands.  They walked slowly past the small shops along the street that had been renovated from reclaimed brownstone houses.  For almost a century after the civil war, the older parts of Alexandria had decayed before the town began an aggressive renewal program.  The characteristic antique two-story buildings were derelicts only thirty years earlier, but now they represented some of the most expensive real estate in suburban Washington.
As they crossed Washington Street, the sidewalk began sloping toward the river.  A concert on the common by Town Hall provided background music for them as they ambled past, and the river smells became more evident.  Street performers entertained the crowds along the waterfront.  At the end of the street, the Torpedo Factory housed artisans in all art forms.  During WWII, the factory had been used to build Torpedoes and test them in the Potomac River.  Hunt and Laurie came here often.  King Street in Old Town was near to his apartment and they frequently wandered along its cobbled length toward the river, looking in various boutiques, but seldom buying anything.  Their destination was the Chart House restaurant on the river.  The evening was cool enough by the water for them to eat outside on the elevated deck.  They were still walking hand in hand near the restaurant.
After seating, she said, Hunt, Im glad you called me away tonight.  I was getting into a rut and you saved me.
Thats me, always ready to save a lady in distress.
I hope that only means me!
Youre the only lady for me, sweetheart.
He ordered an iced tea, and she had a diet coke, declining to look at the menu for a few minutes.  The sun had dipped enough that the headlights and taillights across the distant Woodrow Wilson Bridge provided a brilliant display across the river.  A replica side-wheeler boat departed the dock below them, heading up the river toward Georgetown with hundreds of people aboard.  Hunter and Laurie were enjoying the ambiance.
She had an inquisitive look on her face.  Can I ask you a question, Hunt?
Sure.
Do you ever date anyone else?
Laurie, I havent even thought about anyone but you since I got here, and you know theres no one for me in California.
So, weve known each other over two years, started dating casually about a year ago, and now see each other as often as we can.
He didnt bother to think before answering, Yeah, isnt it great!
She was serious, Whats next, Hunter?  Are we ever going to go further in our relationship?
He thought for a moment before answering, while she was feeling increasingly distressed by his delay.  I ... I hadnt thought too much about it.  Correction, I think about it all the time, but Im not sure what to do.  I guess Im so happy now that I dont want to risk losing you.
How would you lose me?
I guess Im nervous about assuming too much and being pushy.
So, youre afraid to go the next step?
Laurie, I want this to last forever and dont want to go too fast and scare you away.  Its happened to a couple of my buddies.
Oh, you take your cues from other lame guys?
I guess Im afraid.
She smiled and took his hand, Dont be.
He put his other hand on the table to take hers when his cellphone rang.  He let it ring, staring at her in silence.  When it ended, he started to speak, when it rang again.  He dropped her hand saying, Excuse me.
He answered Kohl.
Laura watched his expression change, only able to hear half of the conversation.  He said, Claire. Claire, calm down ... what do you mean they found it?   What does it mean?  Look, Ill call you later.  Yeah, Ill try.  You call me when they get it up.  Okay.  And Claire, I love you, sweetheart.  Try to be tough until we know more.
Laurie was staring at him as he put the phone back into his pocket.  So, whos Claire?  You just called her sweetheart.
He didnt look at her immediately.  Shes my sister in California.
Okay, then Ill make an exception.  You look worried.
Yeah.  Its kind of a hard situation.  He took a deep breath.  Shes calling about her husband.
Hunt, is something wrong with them?  She was holding his hand on the table again.
He had a distressed appearance.  Its kind of a long story.
She squeezed his hands.  Im not in a hurry.
He started.  My sister Claire works for the Governor in California, managing the states drug control program.  Laura had known this from earlier conversations, but hadnt known his sisters name was Claire.  Anyway, shes married to a State Attorney named Jos Rivera.  Jos drafted a state law to permit some drugs that are currently illegal to be produced and sold in California under state regulations.  The idea was to make it unnecessary for the illegal trade that is killing so many people and costing so much money to fight.  Something like twenty percent of the California law enforcement budget goes to enforcing the federal drug laws.  Its probably a lot higher when other factors are added in.
Jos was expecting the federal courts to challenge the state law when it passed and was actively working with our delegates in Washington to change federal laws to make this a state issue.
About two years ago, Jos was leaving to fly from San Francisco to Washington after a legal convention in the city, but he never got on the plane.
He stopped for a moment and she looked at him, fearful of the answer to her next question.  What happened, Hunt?  What happened to Jos?
He looked down.  Nobody knows.  He just disappeared.  Laurie, its partially why Im here.
I dont understand.  Youre not a lawyer.
Yeah.  Youre right, but Claire said they needed someone in Washington to keep the California delegates in line.  But, after I got here, one of the delegates, Senator Jenson, decided to make this a federal initiative.
That seems like a good thing.
Maybe not.  It takes the wind out of the California initiative for now, and it might roll around the conference rooms in DC for decades without ever getting adopted.  Meanwhile, nothing changes in California.
So, are you supposed to kill the federal bill?
No, certainly not.  If it passes in usable form, it could solve the states financial problems, but more than likely, it will only put more burden on the states.
Jos expected this to end up in the Supreme Court and was actually setting the stage for the Feds to challenge the state bill as soon as it became law.
He wanted the Fed to challenge the state law in court?
I think so.  Im no lawyer, but I think that was his strategy.  He was a brilliant lawyer.  My sisters a lawyer, too, and has taken over Joss work.  They used to work in the same department.
She smiled down at their hands then looked up.  You know, this all sounds pretty complex.  Why are you involved in a legal showdown?
Claire was scared when Jos disappeared.  She took over the legal work but couldnt risk being the advocate in Washington.  Shes got two kids and we all think Jos is dead.
But, still, why you?
I sort of volunteered and talked her into it.  She needed the Governors approval to hire me, and I pressed my case in Sacramento.
I dont get it, why would you want to get involved?
Laurie.  The State is being overrun by drug people.  They probably control some government people and are spreading death across the state.
You make it sound like a war.
Maybe.  The war is being fought and lost at the federal level.  We get the aftermath on the streets.  Im just trying to win the peace, eliminating the illegal trade.
So, by doing your job, youre threatening the drug smugglers in California?
It might be even bigger than that.  If we can get it done at the federal level, done right, we can solve it for the whole country.  But assuming this is not going to happen, the other Border States are watching California closely and might do the same in their states.  The big key will be if the Supreme Court says its constitutional for California to legalize drugs.
So, why do you need to call her back and not talk in front of me?
Shes scared again.  They just found Joss Mercedes dumped at sea off the California coast.
She gripped his hand hard.  What does it mean, Hunt?
We dont know yet, but its reopened the investigation that he was killed by drug people.  I guess there was always a small hope that he just disappeared on his own.
She looked at him with worried eyes.  Hunt, I dont want you hurt.
Im pretty good at taking care of myself ... now, lets talk about moving to the next step.
Claire
Claire Rivera had lived with the nightmare that Jos was murdered in cold blood, and she would never see him again.  Over time, she supplanted the terror of it and buried herself in his work to overcome the grief.  It would be four more years before the courts would declare him dead, so she continued to raise their children on her salary alone without the insurance benefits they had arranged to protect each other.
When divers reported discovering his car, it rekindled her initial emotions from the time of his disappearance and enraged her.  She hadnt been able to be mad in the beginning.  Her grief overwhelmed all other emotions.  She was also fighting the whispered rumor that he had simply disappeared because of some fictitious dispute between the two of them, or an affair.  It was all false, but it kept her mind focused elsewhere.  Now, the realities were dead center again, confirming her worst fears.  She could have accepted him suddenly reappearing after a hiatus in Mexico, but she knew in her heart that it would never happen.  Now, the rest of the world would also believe it.  The car was a solid clue that Jos had been killed by people with immense means.  They had disposed of his car miles at sea.  She needed no other proof that it he was killed by drug criminals.  Someone, she suspected who, had gone to enormous steps to have Joss disappearance remain a mystery.
Claire and Hunter grew up in Ventura County, north of Malibu along the coast.  They both went to public schools and lived a carefree life without many demands.  She was a top student and was admitted to UCLA studying sociology.  She focused on academics and decided to continue in the School of Law where she met a fellow law student whom she would eventually marry after graduation.  Jos Rivera was a first generation Mexican-American who hoped to work on immigrant rights.  His determination to improve the well-being of Mexicans fit sympathetically with Claires social agenda.  They were deeply in love throughout their brief married years.  After graduation, Jos took a position with the States Attorney office in Sacramento, and Claire followed a year later.  Their jobs migrated slightly away from the human rights platform to be focused on the drug problems in urban areas.  Part of the solution required changing American drug policy.  They both felt passionately about their job responsibilities.
The FBI office in San Francisco had taken over the case, following the discovery of Joss car.  A state official, Rivera had disappeared two years earlier after leading a campaign that could destroy illegal drug distribution.  Drug smugglers were suspected of killing Jos, and the largest distributor in the western states operated in the Bay Area.
Luciano Pea
Luciano Peas family had been commercial fishermen operating from Fishermans Wharf, along the San Francisco Embarcadero for four generations.  His great grandfather moved up the coast from Baja California first to San Diego, then on to Monterey, finally settling in San Francisco in 1915 when the Panama-Pacific International Exposition began, celebrating the opening of the great canal and the west coast was booming.  At that time, the Bay offered immense fishing profits for anyone willing to brave the rough Pacific outside the Golden Gate.  Initially, he operated a single Monterey Clipper boat, which was a common type in the bays from Monterey up into the Sacramento Delta.  This boat type was introduced to the area after the gold rush of 1848, based on an ancient Italian canoe-shaped sailboat design, capable of operating in rough sea conditions, yet shallow drafted and able to operate from small piers common around the bays.  Some original boats continue in service today, but the Pea family had grown over three generations to own a fleet of ocean-going factory ships, capable of pulling fifteen-mile-long nets.  They all had fish processing and freezing plants aboard, able to stay at sea for months and fish from the Bering Sea down to South America.
Pea operated three ships all over one-hundred-fifty feet long.  At least one was rumored to have double bottoms in its freezer holds capable of storing tons of cocaine and other illicit drugs under each tank.  Search warrants had been ineffective at locating the compartments in the past.  It was never learned how the drugs were loaded under tons of frozen fish.  The Peas had been law abiding citizens until the youngest, Luciano, decided that vastly more money could be made from drugs than fish.  He graduated from Cal Berkeley, majoring in business, and understood the essential elements of a business plan.  As the only son of the Pea fishing company owner, he inherited the business from his father.  When the old man retired, Pea was expected to manage the business, supporting his family and his parents until they died.  He had been forced to work on the fishing boats throughout his youth and hated it.  He knew the numbers and figured there was far more money to be made using the boats differently.  He was designing ship modifications even before he graduated.  His father and grandfather were alive then but never knew Luciano intended to corrupt the family business.  Twenty years later, both had passed away, content that Luca had been a far more successful and wealthy fisherman than either of them dared to dream.
Experience proved Pea correct when the Drug Wars made less sophisticated transportation techniques obsolete.  His fleet was unique, representing millions of dollars of investment in the technology to transport dozens of tons of drugs, undetectably, in each ship.  The investments in ship modifications were recovered after the first shipments to the States.  With this success, he overwhelmed small-time distributors, and his syndicate grew to control distribution throughout Northern California, Oregon and Nevada.  His undeclared fortune was difficult to hide from authorities, even as he claimed to own the most successful fishing fleet on the West Coast.  His accumulated wealth reflected the ruthless means required to control drug traffic in the western United States.
Protecting this business was an obsession with Luca.  He spent millions each year keeping key politicians and appointed officials in office.  These were people dedicated to continuing the War on Drugs, the war that made Pea and others wealthy. Like any wartime profiteer, his business would dissolve if his products were no longer strictly illegal.  Jos and Claire Rivera were at the center of the effort to legalize drugs in California, and, possibly in the whole country, thus ending the war.  They had to be controlled or eliminated.  The most foolproof way to eliminate the threat was to bribe one or both of the Riveras, but it was difficult to approach them, fearing a sting on his operations.  There was no one in Peas control that he could trust to negotiate with them, so another means was used.
 Pea kept an army of career criminals employed to protect his empire.  Eliminating Jos was intended to put Claire in check.  Of course, Claire knew of the rumors about the Pea crime syndicate.  She was sure that Pea had murdered Jos, but also knew he had the means to cover it up.  It was one thing to butcher a competitor and his family, as Pea did personally in Reno, Nevada, where local police cheered that the vermin were dead, but it was an entirely different matter to murder a respected bureaucrat.  Pea had been careful to cover his tracks, but with the discovery of the car, the FBI was again hopeful of finding some clues to Joss disappearance.
At home that night after talking to Hunter, the phone rang.  Hello.
Mrs. Rivera?  Claire Rivera?
She didnt recognize her voice.  Yes.  Who is this?
Mrs. Rivera, this is Special Agent Kasey McDougal with the FBI here in San Francisco.
Oh, hi.
Mrs. Rivera, Im leading the investigation into the disappearance of Jos Rivera.  Is he your husband?
Yes, but I didnt know the FBI was involved.  This is the first action Ive seen in two years since Jos disappeared.
I know, Mrs. Rivera.  It hasnt had much attention without any clues before now.
You mean because Joss car was located?
Yes, maam.
Claire felt some relief.  At last, someone was at least opening a file on Jos.  What can I do?
Mrs. Rivera, Id like to talk with you about the case when we have the car.  The bureau is hiring a barge and dive team to recover the vehicle.
The kids were doing homework in their rooms, and Claire sat on the sofa after switching the television off.  Well, of course, Ill do anything I can to help.
Good.  Look, if possible, please think about anything that might lead us to someone who might have harmed Mr. Rivera.  I know from talking to the state investigator that he was working on a drug bill in the state that would damage illegal trafficking, so its probably our best place to start.
The location of the Mercedes was marked well with a buoy left by the urchin divers after releasing their anchor line.  The FBI contracted with a local kelp harvesting company for a barge with crane to recover the car and transport it back to Alameda Navy Piers for forensic examination.  It took a few days for the weather to cooperate since the large square barge could only operate in calm water.  A team of Navy salvage divers was flown up from San Diego with special inflatable bladders that would help lift the car.  The divers would also place two slings under the front and back of the car.
Claire didnt hear back from Agent McDougal for several days and then got a call at work in Sacramento.
Mrs. Rivera, could you come to Oakland tomorrow, to the FBI field lab?
Ah, yeah, sure.  Whats this about?
Maam, you should bring someone with you to help drive.
Tell me whats going on.
Kasey paused for a moment.  Maam.  We need you to identify some personal items found in the car that might belong to Mr. Rivera.
Claire tried to remain calm.  What time?
Ill be there all day, Mrs. Rivera, but try to arrive before noon.
All right, just give me the address.
Claire went to bed early that night after calling John Richards to drive with her.  John was responsible for investigating the disappearance for the state.  Jos Riveras disappearance was possibly a crime related to his work.  She sensed that something horrible was ahead, and John was her friend on the state police force who could handle whatever they would see in the morning.
Claire and Inspector Richards left the capital building in Sacramento, driving a state car at seven oclock the next morning.  John drove.  Claire had stopped at Java City for large coffees and scones for the trip to the coast.
She blew across the steaming brew before speaking, Thanks for doing this with me.
Hey, Claire, its no problem for me.  We all want to know what happen to Jos.  How are you holding up?
Im okay.
Morning traffic was always congested along I-80 West.  John said, How are the kids, Claire?
She smiled but looked out the side window, lost in thought and apprehension.  Oh, you know what its like, John.  Both are in grade school and trying to be more grown-up than they are.
Yeah.  My boys were older than your kids.  Theyre good guys, but it takes a lot to stay involved in their lives, particularly since they dont want you around most of the time, except when they need money.  He chuckled silently.  His sons had lived with his ex-wife until the oldest went away to college.
She shifted subjects.  What do you think they found, John?
He knew more than he wanted to tell her.  We wont know till we get there, Claire.  Dont get worked up before then.  Itll be at least two hours before we get to Alameda at this pace.
The old de-commissioned Alameda Navy Yard is located along a long inlet from the bay city of Oakland, across the bay from San Francisco International Airport.  Its only used for Naval Reserve purposes today and is closed to unofficial visitors, making it a secure place to examine large evidence.
The FBI field lab was a mobile van, parked inside one of the large warehouses.  After checking through security, Claire and John followed directions to the warehouse.
She was visibly nervous.  Wow.  These warehouses are immense.
Yep.  Some are big enough to hold complete Navy destroyers inside, but I dont think its been used for anything active since World War Two.
They parked outside the massive closed doors of a building identified only as 520.  The small door at the center was open.  Her knees were shaking as John offered her his arm walking to the door.
John, this is foolish.  Im not eighty and shouldnt need to hold on to someone.
Dont fool yourself, Claire.  You have every right to be nervous about this, and no one is expecting anything different.
Inside, the lab van was facing away from the door, and there were several folding tables and chairs set up alongside.  Beyond the van, there were blue tarps suspended by poles, forming a screen.
She said nervously, I wonder if Joss car is behind there?
Lets keep walking.  It smells like something washed in from the sea, so I guess the car is back there.
She gripped his arm a bit harder, as a woman approached, Mrs. Rivera?
Yes.
The woman extended her hand, Hi, Im Kasey McDougal.
She showed identification and introduced herself formally to John and gestured for all to sit at one of the tables.  Kasey sat across from both of them.
Mrs. Rivera, we have your husbands car, and a team of forensic examiners is going through it now.
Claire asked, Did you find anything yet?
Yes we have.  The ocean did a pretty good job of destroying most of it, but ... well theres something else.  She was reluctant to talk.
John said gently, Ah, Kasey, Im leading the investigation for the state.  Is there something you want to tell us?
Kasey looked at him and spoke firmly, Yes, John, but Id like to talk to you privately first.
Claire sucked on her upper lip without looking at either of them.  John nodded his head, Claire, would you excuse us.  I suggest you go sit in the car for a moment.
It wasnt really a request, and he walked her back to the door.  Outside, she lifted her head and walked alone toward the car.  Fear and disgust tore through her.
John returned to where Kasey was standing.  Okay, whats the situation?
Come with me.
She led him to the blue curtain and pulled a flap aside for John to enter.  Inside, there were two vehicles.  One was the white Mercedes, covered with green algae which smelled awful.  The other was a plain white delivery van without windows marked Oakland County Coroner.
He nodded as they walked closer, You found him?
We think so.  Its hard to tell.  We need a positive ID, but theres nothing she should see.
He simply said, Got it.
At that point a man in a white coat approached, stripping off blue latex gloves.
John had seen some awful things after twenty years as an investigator.  He was six-three and in good physical shape for a mid-forties man, but he still felt uneasy about the Coroners body language.
Kasey introduced the two men, and the Coroner spoke first.  Okay, Detective, the body was locked inside the trunk of the car.  Its pretty decomposed and  eaten  but its clearly a homicide.
Any idea how he died?
I couldnt say yet.  We need to x-ray for possible bullet frags or bone lacerations, but I dont think thats it.
What do you think, doc?
Well, theres a lot of duct tape and tie wraps, and from the contours of the body, Id say the victim was alive when the car sank in the ocean.
John wasnt taking notes yet.  So they drowned him.
The Coroner nodded, Thats my preliminary assessment, but theres not much to base it on.  Do you want to see the body?
Not particularly.  Kasey didnt say anything but looked away, also not interested.
She spoke, John, we need to identify the victim.
How much is there to identify?
The Coroner said, From the suit and hair, we think its a man.
John looked at him.  So, you need his dental records?
Yes, I suppose we do.
Kasey spoke up, John, lets go out of here and get Claire to sign a release and give us their dentist information.
He nodded, and they went back through the curtain.  John walked slowly out of the warehouse to get Claire but felt sick for her.  He wasnt sure what he would say.  She saw his fixed expression and opened the car door when he came into sight.  She walked briskly past him without speaking.
Inside, they all sat at the table again, and John spoke first, looking directly at her.  Claire, it looks like Jos was in the car.
She gasped and looked around, trying to decide if she should rush inside the curtain.  What ... what do I need to do?  Can I see him?
Kasey responded, Claire, its not a good idea.  The sea ... well, try to remember him as he was.
John spoke, Claire, were going to need Joss dental records.  There wasnt any gentle way to say it.
Claire couldnt speak as tears cascaded down her face.  She took some tissues from her purse and said.  Ill get them.  Can we go now?  She didnt want any more details.
High Morals
His office door was closed as he spoke on the speaker phone, Yes, Senator.  I appreciate the draft Fisheries Bill sent by your staff.  My lawyer is looking at it now.
Senator Jenson replied, You know, Luca, Im really looking forward to your response.  Some of our states fishermen are complaining about quotas and shorter fishing seasons.
I know about their complaints, Senator.  It doesnt affect my captains much.  They fish mostly south of U.S. waters.
Well, Luca, we want to keep our friends happy, so anything you want to add -- just let me know.
I will do so, Senator.
Jenson asked, So, are you coming to my fundraiser in Los Angeles next month?
I will not be there, but I am buying three complete tables, so you may give the dinners to anyone you wish.
My, oh my, Luca, thats very generous.  I think my campaign is asking five thousand a seat, and there are eight seats per table.  Youre extremely generous.
Not at all, Senator.  We need you in office to carry on the good work.
Well, Im flattered.  Is there anything else I can do for you, Luca?
Hows the Appropriations Bill coming  does it still try to liberalize drugs?  You know my family has always been against such ideas.  Drugs are our number-one menace to society and must be stopped at all cost.
From what my staff tells me, Luca, the language is still in the bill coming out of committee.  I think this is a good thing, as weve discussed before.  My staff watches it closely and will let me know if anyone tries to delete it before we vote on the floor.
Good, I want it to get out of committee this time for sure.
You know, Luca.  I cant guarantee it, but Ive got a lot of leverage with some of my colleagues, so were pretty confident it will make it to the floor of the Senate.
Thats what I like to hear Senator.  I have a son and a daughter and want them safe from drugs.
Youre a great patriot, Luca.  One problem, though.  Once this sees the light of day, it will be all over the media, and the chance of it surviving in conference with the House will be impossible, if you get my drift.  Both understood the strategy to kill the initiative.
Thats reassuring, Senator.  Once these hippies get shot down through national publicity, no one will try this stunt again for a hundred years!
If, by some miracle, it makes it through the Senate and House Bills without the press attention, Im on the conference committee, and it wont survive.
Thats important to me, Senator (and why I pay for your services).
Have a good day, Luca.
And you, as well, Senator.
Jenson didnt have enough horsepower on his own, so Pea needed everyone he could buy to protect his business.
After the call, he left his office on the Embarcadero, in the financial district and had his two body guards drive him in his Bentley to the wharf, under the Oakland Bay Bridge, to meet with the captain of Ocean Queen, his smallest and oldest trawler.  Small was a relative term since the ship was still massive and carried twenty tons of net stacked fifteen feet high on the stern ramp, which had been useful hiding the Mercedes.
As always, his personal guard, Ramon, went up the ramp first, checking the route to the bridge where the Captain, Jess Cregan, was waiting.  Pea stormed into the bridge house after Ramon checked for any unwanted spectators.  Cregan was usually defiant, but followed orders.  He stood five-ten weighing two hundred twenty pounds.  He was in his late thirties, single, with shoulder-length red hair and full, unkempt, facial hair.  When he rode his Harley, it all streamed behind.  Prison tattoos covered both arms. He grew up on the Pea boats, proving his loyalty many times to his boss.  He loved the freedom of the open sea and had done every job on the boats with enthusiasm, but always aspiring to be captain in the end.  He had gotten his wish a year earlier when the last captain upset Luca for some unknown reason and sent Cregan and Ramon to sea to throw the man into the deep with bricks tied around him.  This was Lucas favorite way to punish men, by setting an example that would keep the others in line.  Cregan had been trusted to handle the task and promoted to captain of the boat afterward.  Hed never questioned the illegal use of the ships.  He loved the job otherwise, even if there were some unpleasant aspects.
Luca by contrast to Cregan, was shorter, slightly older with dark neatly trimmed hair and beard.  He had no tolerance for mistakes and had grown brutally sadistic after years as a syndicated criminal.  He walked forward stopping short of the captain and adjusted his suit coat before speaking.  Okay, Red.  You tell me how they found Riveras car?
Boss, I did everything right.  I dumped him way out at sea.  Nobody should have found him.
Luca stuck a finger into Cregans chest.  Normally, the captain had a hot temper and didnt tolerate any physical contact, but Ramon was standing nearby and would break his arm or worse if he moved.  Ramon was a head taller, weighing over three hundred pounds of muscle, developed after years of workouts in the Folsom Prison yards.  Ramon and his men did most of the dirty work for Pea.  Cregan often disposed of the waste.
They did find him, Red!  You fucked up.
Cregan stepped back a few inches.  Boss, please.  I did everything right.
It wasnt right if two abalone fishermen found him!  How come you didnt dump it in deeper water?
Boss, I couldnt drop him in the channel.  Fishing trawlers would snag him.  I had to use the islands where the rocks keep them away.
How deep did you drop him?
Cregan was familiar with Peas temperament and had seen him kill his most loyal men for small mistakes.  Boss, thats just it.  The rocks are steep and I had to get close to the cliffs to be sure the car landed on the slopes, not on the bottom.  Its hard to maneuver so close.  I checked the charts and sonar, it was a couple hundred feet under the bow, but I guess it wasnt deep under the stern.  We were tangled in kelp and I didnt want to wreck the ship, especially with our load still aboard.
You fucked up, Red.  Pea stepped forward and put his hand behind Cregans neck, trying to sooth him while the burly man sobbed.  You know I cant let others know that its okay.
Cregan just cried as Pea moved close to his face.  Thank you for all your good service, Red.
Luca turned, glancing briefly to Ramon before exiting the bridge.  He heard muffled screams as he walked down the gangplank.  Ramon followed a minute later folding a knife.
The two men sat in the back of the motionless car, deciding what to do next.  Then Pea ordered, You should see your buddy from Folsom on Sea Fury (another Pea ship).  Tell him hes now promoted to captain of the Queen.  Tonight, he should go shark fishing down toward Monterey.  Tell him to sink Reds motorcycle with him.
Managing a drug distribution network was dangerous for Pea.  In the final analysis, everyone in his business was a criminal; many were heartless murderers.  This required ruthless measures to control them.  After dealing with Red, Pea called his mistress, Hey baby, how bout we go to Vegas for the weekend?  I got a little business there that wont take long, and we could do some gambling and take in a show or two.
Luca, Im off at noon today and have all weekend free.  Ill be ready.
Okay, doll.  My driver will pick you up at two. Pea always kept extra clothing in the luggage compartment of his jet.  He called his wife and explained that he would be going away for a couple of days to negotiate a fish distribution contract and would be back late Sunday night.  Melanie never questioned his actual purpose.  She was content under the illusion of his busy schedule and high-level business transactions that took him away often on weekends.  She never wanted to know who accompanied him.
The plane departed at four with the pilot and Ramon in the cockpit, because Peas girlfriend was frightened of the big body guard.  For his part, Ramon smiled to himself over the effect he had on his bosss women.  He had the same effect on most men.  Pea abstained from drinking on the two-hour flight, but his girlfriend had several glasses of white wine.  She was just a child in many ways.  She enjoyed the high-rolling lifestyle, traveling with Pea even if he was twenty years older.  He gave her everything she wanted and took little in return, just her affection.
When they arrived at Las Vegas, a large white limousine was waiting.  Ramon sat in front again, while Pea sat in the back, groping his girl on the way to the Bellagio.  When they arrived at the grand entrance to the most luxurious new Vegas hotel, Pea said, Here, my dear, take my credit card and check in.  He handed her some freshly folded hundreds.  And heres a grand to play with while I go do some business.  Were staying in the bridal suite on the top floor.  Enjoy yourself, go to the pool, play the tables, do whatever you want, and Ill return late tonight for dinner and a show.
She kissed him passionately.  Ill be all warmed up for you tonight, Luca.  The hotel valet already had their bags on his cart and escorted her inside as the car departed.
An hour later, Pea and Ramon were driving down a dusty dirt road toward an old borax mine to meet Victor Morales, his Nevada distributor.  When they arrived, Morales had unexpectedly brought two men with him.  Morales wore a business suit, but the other two looked like common laborers or border gangsters.  Pea told the driver to stop over a hundred feet away.  Moraless men moved toward opposite ends of his car, partially concealing them, with their weapons hidden from sight.
Ramon exited the car first then Pea opened the rear door on the opposite side after Ramon moved closer to Morales.
Morales ignored Ramon, addressing only Pea, Hola, mi amigo.  What a pleasant surprise.
Pea smiled, but didnt say anything until closer to Morales, motioning with his hand.  Hello, Victor.  Who are your friends?
Morales looked left then right at the two ugly Mexicans, standing erect behind the car.  Who, them?  Just some friends I brought along in case there was a party.  Meetings like this were rare, and Morales had reason to be nervous.
Victor, Im surprised.  When we met before, you and I were nice and friendly, without all the muscle.
In the past, Luca, we met at some nice club, not out in the middle of nowhere.
Pea smiled and looked down, kicking some loose dirt.  Well thats a good observation, Victor.
While this dialogue was happening, Ramon moved closer, beside the car, almost even with the two Mexicans who looked at him nervously.  Victor was concentrating on Pea without concern about his two hired killers.  Pea looked up as though ready to speak when Ramon pulled his gun and shot the nearest man.  The second man grabbed a shotgun that was leaning against the car and ran several paces across the dirt before stopping to aim and shoot.  His shot had no effect.  Ramon laughed at the ignorant fool shooting a cut barrel shotgun that loses all effect after fifty feet.  The sawed-off barrel was designed for close quarter scattering effect and was useless at this range.  Ramon stood, aimed and fired his .40 caliber handgun, hitting the man in the torso.  He then walked to the first man who lay wounded on the ground looking bewildered and pleading.  The attack had not been provoked.  Ramon had caught them by surprise.  Even though he would have preferred his knife, he smiled, then fired twice into the Mexicans face.
Victor was stunned by the cold-blooded attack and unable to move while Ramon walked to the second man who was crawling, leaving a trail of blood.  Ramon fired twice through his upper spine before turning to walk toward Morales.
Morales was petrified.  Executing men was nothing new to him, but it wasnt expected this time, not immediately, and not his men.  Hed killed people who upset him in the past, but never had anyone as brazen as Ramon drawn down on two men and dispatched them like flies without provocation.  He backed away as Ramon approached, until Pea signaled Ramon to stop.  Ramon pressed the release button on his SIG, dropping the magazine and reloading the gun in less than one second, careful not to take his eyes from Morales.
Pea spoke calmly, Victor, Victor.  Now there is no reason to be so jumpy.  If these men were friends, then I am truly sorry.  You see, Ramon is my guardian angel and doesnt like others with guns around me.  Do you have a gun, Victor?
Morales was stunned, nodding, Yeah, Luca.  I got a gun.
Okay, Victor.  I suggest that you lay in on the ground very carefully so that Ramon isnt nervous.  Please use your off hand.
Victor awkwardly fumbled with his left hand to remove the gun from his left-side shoulder holster.  Ramon stood balanced to shoot if anything alarmed him.  Victor looked like he could cry.  He lifted the gun free in an exaggerated movement, holding it in his fingertips.  He bent down and set it on the dirt, then stood up.
Thats better.  Pea had a small smile on his face.
Morales looked nervously between Pea and Ramon.  Luca!  Whats this about?
Well, Victor, Im glad that you asked.  You see, Victor, you havent taken much of my product recently, but I read how Nevada is moving a lot of stuff.  That means you.  What am I to think?
Look, Luca.  I dont know what you want from me.  Maybe someone is moving in on me.
Pea was condescending.  Victor, you know thats not true.  Why would you allow that to happen?  You were the main man in Nevada before I recruited you.  I know youre still the main man.
Morales continued to sweat profusely in the desert heat but didnt speak.  Pea spoke again.  Look, Victor, I have a beautiful young woman waiting to have dinner with me, so we shouldnt waste time.  I just wanted to tell you that Im reorganizing.  You and I both know that youre now working for Mojo.  Dont try to deny it.  I believe it, which is all that matters under the circumstances.  So, consider this your termination notice.  He nodded at Ramon, who shot Morales in the legs.  One bullet went through both thighs.
Morales fell to the ground in agony, screaming.  Luca, Luca, please!  Ramon came closer and kicked the gun away then holstered his own weapon.  Pea stepped backward, to avoid any blood spatters as Ramon finished the job with his knife, working slowly.  The screaming and blood flow continued for almost a minute as Ramon sliced away.  Morales eventually went silent from shock and blood loss.  Pea supervised to the end from a distance, then told Ramon to leave the mess as a warning to anyone else trying to break from him.  Ramon, its time to go, I have a date and you need some new clothes my friend.  I hope you enjoyed this as much as me.
Stubbs
Congressman Douglas Stubbs had his office in the basement of the Rayburn building.  Office locations were a status symbol, defining much about how the delegates were regarded in Congress.  Stubbs was serving his first term, but had strong mentorship and support from the rest of the San Diego Republican delegation.  His father had been mayor of the city and helped launch careers for the more senior Congressmen while Douglas was still in school.  Stubbs served as a majority member on the powerful House Appropriations Committee (HAC).  He would be vital to supporting the liberalization of drugs in California.  It was an uphill battle for Hunter, since the conservative platform was based on harsh drug enforcement, even after debilitating capital losses and devastating drug-related gang violence.
Hunter waited patiently for Mickey Wallace, one of Stubbs legislative Assistants, to finish her first meeting of the morning.  The receptionist offered him coffee, which he declined.  This was standard procedure with Mickey, so Hunter never scheduled meetings closely following visits to Stubbs office.
At ten-fifteen, Mickey opened one of the doors into the small lobby area where Hunter waited and said goodbye to a group of Asians who bowed politely.  After watching them leave, she turned to Hunter and extended her hand.  Hunter, how are you today.  Come on in.  She didnt seem particularly enthused about seeing him.  Most congressional office workers, at all levels, work horribly long hours; mostly greeting constituents visiting Washington with nothing particularly important to discuss.  Lobbyists, like Hunter, were often patronized to the extent that they could influence voters back home.  His role, as another state bureaucrat, wouldnt influence votes directly, but there was a chance, in Mickeys mind, that he might have some influenced with the Governor, who could make re-election more difficult than otherwise.  If the congressman lost his job, so did she.
She escorted him to her small cubicle, which was crammed into an office with several other legislative assistants.  So, what brings you by today?
Mickey was short and stocky, and had the demeanor of a tough disciplinarian.  She had worked for another congressman for ten years before Stubbs was elected in the last election, and her old boss was defeated.  She had curly brown hair which accentuated her round face and double chin -- much too early in life.  She made no effort to dress fashionably and seemed to enjoy projecting a hard ass attitude.
Hi, Mickey, thanks for seeing me on short notice.  I wanted to know if you looked at the SAC language I sent over about legalizing certain illicit drugs.
Hunter.  You know we have a problem with it.
Mickey, I know that, but its something the voters in California would support.
Not in our district.
I think you could be wrong.  Have you ever canvased them with this idea and explained the benefits.
Look, Hunter, we cant support a bill that looks soft on drugs.
Mickey, its not soft on drugs.  It shifts the emphasis to municipal law enforcement like all other substance abuse and to education instead of fighting at a national level.  Not only that, it turns production into a controlled commercial enterprise which employs Americans and generates tax revenue.  Nothing about it condones drug use, its just like alcohol.  Barricades on the borders dont work if we dont somehow stop Americans from using drugs.  Its costing hundreds of billions each year to fight our Drug War, and we havent won after thirty years.  More people die in drug violence in America than in all military wars since World War II.  With this bill, we can shift the effort to curing Americas habit and stop the drug gangs.
Its not an easy sell, Hunter.
Apparently not here.
Look, the Congressman might support it if you can get the other San Diego delegates to go along.  Maybe the Governor could help your cause.
All right.  I understand where youre coming from.  If I can get a couple others, will Congressman Stubbs help?
Well see.  She stood, indicating an end of discussion.  Thanks for coming by, Hunter, and remember our fundraiser at the Capitol Hill club next month.
Thanks Mickey.  Yeah, like Ill recommend the state PAC contribute to Stubbs re-election campaign  aint gonna happen.  He knew hed been brushed off.  Stubbs wouldnt take a risky position any more than the majority of legislators.  Hunter had become cynical almost as soon as he got to Washington.  Hed experienced the glad-handing for a year and was sick of it.  If there were any courageous leaders in Government, he hadnt met them yet.  Most would be unemployable in any occupation hed been in.  Leigh told him from the start that working in Washington wasnt for most people.  He knew Mickey would talk to Stubbs and advise him to stay on the other side of the issue when it came to voting.  Other than that, she would make sure Hunter had nothing negative to relay back to the state.
He was walking toward the Capitol South Metro station when his Blackberry vibrated, indicating email.  He looked at the display before going down the escalator, out of coverage.  Claire sent him a message, call-urgent!
The Metro was almost empty at midday, so he took the first train, the blue line, which would take him all the way to King Street without transferring.  It was a longer distance than taking the yellow line, which also stopped at King Street, but he wouldnt need to change trains.  The ride was mostly underground until Foggy Bottom station in Georgetown, where it went above ground and over the river until reaching the Pentagon.  He called Claire on her mobile phone.
Hunter ... Jos is dead.  She wasnt crying, but was subdued.
Im sorry, sis.  When did you find out for sure?  Theyd suspected it for two years.
The FBI found his body in the car yesterday.  I would have called last night, but I had to tell the kids, and it was rough.  They both stayed home today.
Are you at home?
Yeah, I stayed with the kids.
Look Claire, I dont know what to say.  When will you have the funeral?
I dont know yet.  Hell be cremated and Ill probably just have a memorial service in a few weeks.  Right now, Im just waiting for a death certificate so that I can get the insurances going.  Its been rough living without both incomes.
I know, kid.  What did you find out?
Jos was stuffed in the trunk of his car and drowned in the ocean.  He was stunned that she could be so graphic.
Aw, Claire.  Im so sorry.  Look, Im gonna lose you underground.  Ill call later when Im back at my place.  Hang in there.
Her response, if any, was lost when the train went underground again.
Memorial
The official report on Jos Riveras death was murder by drowning.  Kasey McDougal called John Richards and sent him a copy of the Oakland Coroners report.  The ocean had destroyed any useful forensic information, so all they knew for certain was that it was a homicide, and he appeared to have drowned. Mostly the determination was based on the tape around the body and its contorted position indicating how he had tried to escape by kick at the rear seat. Jos had died terrified.  After two years, they werent even sure where Jos had been abducted, or how the car ended at the Farallons.  The media was given full details since nothing much was actually disclosed in the report in case someone would come forward with any information, but nothing had surfaced after two weeks.
The body was released to the mortuary Claire had contacted in El Dorado Hills, near their home.  A memorial was scheduled a week later, after his remains were cremated, allowing time for people to travel.  Jos had had friends all over the country, and even some relatives in Mexico.
Hunter was packing for the trip back to California when his cellphone rang.  Her name was displayed, Hi, Sweetheart.
Hi, Hunt.  Are you ready to leave?
Almost, Im flying in the morning.
Whens the service?
Its on Saturday.  I want to get there a day early sos I can help Claire and be with the kids.  I think shes planning a get-together at her house afterward.
Hunter, Id like to come out there with you.
Gee, Laurie, umm, Id love it, but do you really want to sit through a family funeral with a bunch of strangers?
Youre not a stranger.  Anyway, I could fly out on Friday if its okay.
Sure.  Absolutely!
Okay.  Ill let you know my schedule after I make reservations.
Thanks, Laurie.  I love you.
Me, too.
He slept well that night and rode the Metro to Reagan National Airport in the morning for his flight to Sacramento.  He had to fly to Denver first, then change planes, so didnt arrive until the afternoon.  Claire met him at baggage claim.
He saw her waiting by the escalator and waved.  They embraced at the bottom.  Oh, sis, Im so sorry.
She shuddered a little but didnt cry.  At least its over, Hunter.
He put his arm around her as they walked together out toward the parking garage with his single carry-on bag.  They were quiet until outside, then she spoke.  Things are under control here.  I just want to get through the next few days, then get on with the rest of our lives.  Its been tough, without answers for the kids.  Now that they know their daddy is dead, I dont think they know what to think of it.  Its hard enough for kids to process death of a parent, but its even more unreal when you tell them it was murder.  They dont understand why someone would hurt their sweet dad.  I dont understand it.
He tightened his arm around her as they continued walking into the ground-floor level where she had parked.  I know, sis.  Maybe having Uncle Hunter here will help.
It might.  Youre kind of a hero figure to them.  Big Navy SEAL, destroyer of terrorists.
That seems like a long time ago.
Youre barely in your thirties, Hunt.
Yeah, but its been over five years since I took off my uniform.
She smiled.  Not really.  You just changed from blue to green in the Border Patrol.  From what I read in some of the state messages I received in the office when you were on the border, you were in some pretty nasty fights with drug smugglers.
He chuckled.  Yeah, theyre as mean as the Taliban.
Anyway, Hunt, I think the kids will be especially glad that youre here.
He smiled, saying, Oh, by the way, Laurie is coming out tomorrow.
Your girlfriend?
Yeah, I told you about her.
This is sweet.  Well get to meet her.  You must be pretty special to her.
Shes pretty special to me.
Claires kids, Jos Jr., nine, and Miriam, seven, were both excited to see their Uncle Hunter.  To them, he was a kind of action figure who was always away somewhere saving the world.  He took their minds off of their father, at least for a while.
That night, he got a text message from Laura giving her travel plans.  He borrowed Claires car in the morning to pick Laura up at the airport.
He met her at the same spot as hed met Claire a day earlier.  They embraced as two young lovers do.  Hunter asked, So, how was your flight?
I had a whole row to myself from Dallas to here.  It was a great comfortable flight.
Unlike Hunter, Laurie had had a large suitcase checked aboard the airplane.  It occurred to him that they hadnt discussed return plans.  He lifted the heavy load, Wow, girls never pack efficiently.  You have to bring the whole closet.
Youve never seen my closet.  This barely made a dent.
He awkwardly tried to walk with his arm around her, while rolling the big bag behind.  It didnt work well.  Hourly parking is located on the first level of the garage directly across from terminal A.  At each transition from walkway to crossing the road surface, the small wheels on the bag wobbled, occasionally tipping onto its side.  Laura laughed as he managed his temper, struggling to be a gentleman.
He just smiled.  Claire and the kids are anxious to meet you.
Oh, Hunter, that reminds me.  I need to get a place to stay.
Gotcha covered.  You get the guest room at Claires.
Umm, that will be interesting.  Are we staying in the same room?
He smiled before answering.  Actually, Im bunking with JJ, Jos Jr.  Hes got a bunk bed for sleepovers.  Claire would be fine if you and I were together, but it would be a little awkward around the kids since were not married.  He almost ended with, ...yet.
Will you fit?
Probably not.  But hes got a big floor.
She smiled.
As they entered the ground floor of the parking garage, neither of them noticed the utility van parked near the back.  The man had parked in almost the same spot the day before, taking pictures of Hunter with Claire with a long-range camera lens.  Now he had pictures of Claires brother and his girlfriend.
At home, Laurie was an instant hit.  That night at dinner, Miriam called her Aunt Laurie, causing the adults to smile.
Except for the occasion that brought them all together, it was like a vacation visit from a favorite aunt and uncle.  It was obvious to Laura that Hunter was loved deeply by the children.  It also caused her to wonder if he would stay in DC.  They had never quite approached the subject in any discussions.  Both thought about it, and feared the answer, so they avoided it as their relationship grew.  It was quickly becoming the pivotal uncertainty between them.
When JJ went to bed at eight, Hunter tested the bed, which was about six inches too short.  Claire had an air mattress that Hunter and JJ took turns blowing up.  She was concerned about his ability to sleep on the floor, and he assured her that hed slept in far worse conditions.  Claire went to bed around ten, leaving Hunter and Laura to themselves until almost midnight before they retired.  They both slept soundly thinking about the other on their first trip together.  In the morning, Hunter and Laurie made a quick breakfast and cleaned everything up for the caterers who would arrive around twelve oclock.  Claire would leave the front door unlocked for them while everyone was away at the memorial service.
Even though there was no grave involved, Claire wanted to have an outdoor event.  She and Jos had enjoyed hiking in the Sierra foothills with the children, and she picked a nearby park on Folsom Lake.  It was a beautiful summer day and people began parking at the entrance lot an hour before the ceremony, just to amble through the trees or sit on the grass.  The sky was clear, with thin cirrus clouds and a mild breeze through the pine and fir trees, scenting the air.  It was the kind of day Jos loved when they would hike or camp in the mountains.  Claire felt the beginning of finality and closure.
The Governor came along with most of his administration.  Neighbors appeared that Claire and Jos had barely known.  Joss large family all came.  Claire and Hunter were the only ones from her side.  John Richards came alone.  In total, more than a hundred people showed up for the service.  Father Joseph Priestley, Father Joe, delivered a warm and spiritual sermon even though Claire opted for cremation against church doctrine. Before the service began, Claire introduced Hunter to John Richards.  He was Joss friend and was now leading the states investigation.
A dozen people spoke, including the Governor, who cited Joss brave leadership to resolve the drug violence: a campaign that cost him his life before it could be completed.  After the final tributes, Claire stood to meet everyone as people stood patiently in a loose line to wish her well and offer their support.  Hunter and Laurie stood aside under a large Live Oak tree talking to John Richards.  As they talked, Hunter detected a brief glint reflected from the far end of the parking lot, downhill, several hundred yards away.  Someone was using a long-range camera.  He excused himself quietly, as John and Laurie wondered what he was doing.  He said he needed to check on something and would be right back.
Rather than walk directly to the parking lot, Hunter walked to a nearby public restroom built of rough-cut cedar and set back into the trees.  Instead of going in, he passed by the mens side entrance and continued farther into the unimproved brush areas, hidden from view.  He tried to avoid damaging his only suit as he circled down the hill behind boulders and undergrowth.  At the bottom edge of the park, a frontage road formed the lower boundary.  He walked along the edge of the road, toward the park entrance, below the parking lot.  Dense brush and fallen trees concealed the gate until he was at the single-lane entrance.
He walked quietly up the narrow driveway toward the parked cars below where the cameraman was working.  The sound of a camera shutter echoed between the first two rows.  Walking as quietly as he could in dress shoes, he approached a utility van where he suspected the photographer was hiding.  Rounding the back, he heard the shutter click several times before the man saw Hunter in his side view mirror.  The van rocked slightly on its suspension and the engine started.
Hunter ran to the open passenger side window and yelled inside.  Whats going on here?
For an instance, he was staring into the barrel of a handgun as the driver pushed the accelerator, lurching backward.  The combination of jerking vehicle and Hunter diving to the ground caused the shooter to miss when he fired.  The shot echoed up the valley, immediately alerting everyone.  Hunter scrambled to his feet, chasing the van out the entrance, noting the license number.  The driver didnt stop to shoot a second time.
The first person to run down to the parking lot was John Richards.  Hunter!  What happened?
Hunter brushed dirt from his trousers.  That guy was taking telephoto pictures, John.  I dont think he was a naturalist.
Did you get a look at him?
Yeah.  He was a skin head, mid-thirties, tattoos on his arms, not professional types  prison types.  He wore an old sleeveless workout shirt and worn-out jeans.
You saw all that while he was shooting at you?
I only saw him for a split second, then had to duck.  His image is clear in my mind.  I could pick him out of a lineup.
Laura was the next to arrive, followed by several other people including Claire.  The kids were somewhere up in the park with other people.  Laura ran to him, wrapping her arms around him.  Hunter!  What was that?  Was it a gun?  Did he shoot you?  Oh, God, are you all right?
She buried her head in his chest as he stroked her hair.  Laurie, I dont know who it was.  I just wanted to ask him some questions, and he got hostile.
She asked, Was that a gunshot we heard?
Yeah, it was.  He didnt appreciate my question.
Hunter tried to remain calm.  Hed been around gunplay before, but Laura didnt know this part about him.
Claire knew all about Hunters past.  She talked to Richards then came to her brother and hung on his shoulder as Laura continued holding him.  John said a man was taking our pictures, Hunter.
Thats what I saw, sis.
Why?  Why would he take our pictures?
Hunter looked at John, but not the two women.  I dont know, Claire, but I think its time to be extra careful.
John stood a few feet away without speaking, agreeing completely.
People began leaving the park a few minutes later.  Some drove to Claires house, but not everyone.  The Governor was escorted away without talking to Claire.
John followed Hunter, driving Claires car.  Claires children tried to ask about the gunshot, but it was described as a car backfire.  They didnt believe it, but understood that the adults werent going to tell them anything else.
The drive took less than fifteen minutes, and the caterer was all setup when they arrived.  Claire and Jos had bought their home new when she was pregnant with JR.  It was more than they could afford as young state-employed attorneys, but both expected their incomes to rise quickly in their early years.  It was in an area of El Dorado Hills popular with professionals, convenient to US 50 and the Capital.  The house was designed for entertaining with a huge family room-kitchen combination, extending to a patio in the back.  Fifty people could be entertained easily, and they had a few more than that.
Hunter became the de facto bartender, and Laura helped when she wasnt pulled away by curious friends and family.  It wasnt long before rumors of Hunters impending marriage were circulating.  He smiled at the thought, and she didnt seem to mind, enjoying his discomfort about discussing it.  Hunter was known to be a free-spirited adventurer in his youth, and many of the guests were amazed at the transformation in him since hed moved to Washington.
Sue Ann Flannigan was Hunters first cousin, four years younger, who had had a crush on Hunter since she was barely able to talk.  Hunter!  Pour me a glass of red wine, please.
Hi Sue Ann, its nice to see you.
So, cous.  I met your girlfriend.  Shes nice.  How did she tame the wild beast?
Sue Ann knew about Laura from her visit to Washington the summer before.  Hunter had let her stay in his townhouse with him for three days.  Hed showed her some of the highlights, but she also ventured out on her own when he was away.  He kept a front door key in a hole on the side of his brick steps.  She tried, at least once, to get him aroused, but he kept her away and talked to Laura on the phone most of the time.
Ive changed, Sue.  Aint no wild beast any more.  I wear a shirt and tie and fight with words now a days.
Yeah, right.  How longs that going to last?
No, really.  I sowed my wild seeds and just want to be a respectable bureaucrat.
Sue Ann sat on a stool opposite the breakfast counter serving as the bar.  So.  When are you and Laura getting married?
We havent talked about it.
She smiled coyly, You gonna pop the question soon?
Why so interested?
Oh, I dont know.  Just still living in my fantasy world, I guess.
He chuckled, So, Sue.  Whats going on in your life?  You still teaching special ed.?  Got anyone special in your life?
Im doing my special ed bit, and I date a few guys.  Im not in any hurry.  I thought they would change the law, and I could marry my first cousin, but I guess its not going to happen.  She smiled at him as she took a sip of wine.
No one serious?
Oh, I dont know.  Most of the guys I know are too nice.  I dont always want nice.  She was teasing him.
Laura walked up and Hunter said, So, Laura, I guess youve met my favorite cousin Sue Ann.
She smiled and sat next to Hunters cousin. Yep, we met out on the porch.  She told me all about her hero cousin, the Navy SEAL and Border Agent.  Youve been holding out on me.
Im not as bad as Sue Ann makes me out.  She has a habit of fantasizing.
Both women smiled and Sue Ann winked at Laura.  He ever tell you about Pakistan?
Hunter interrupted, All right, Im closing the bar and going out back to mingle.  You girls can speculate all you want.  I couldnt talk about it even if it was a lie.
Sue Ann giggled and Laura stayed sitting by her while Hunter took his beer and departed.
Outside, near the back of the yard, John Richards was alone, looking into space toward the mountains.  Hunter wanted to talk to John away from everyone else.
He patted John on the back and stood next to him looking in the same direction, away from the house.  So, John.  I appreciate you being a friend of Claires.  She probably needs someone around who knows whats going on in the criminal world.
Hmm.  Its my job and my pleasure, Hunt.  Jos was a good friend and I feel pretty close to Claire.  I wouldnt want anything happening to her.
Hunter looked down at his feet.  So, what about the surveillance today?
You saw it, Hunter.  Someones building a file.  I imagine it starts with Claire and branches into everyone whos related or works with her.
How you gonna protect her?
Its not easy, Hunter.  Partly, shes pretty strong headed and would make police protection miserable.  The best thing would be for her to drop the Drug Bill and do something else in the legal department.
Wont happen.  I know my sister.  Shed rather fight than retreat.
Talk to her, Hunter.  This is gangland warfare at its worst.
Look, John, shes not gonna give up Joss work and push this on to someone else.  Good or bad, shes with it.
John looked at Hunter.  What about you?  You picked up the other half of Joss role in Washington.  Someone took your picture today too.
Hunter had his hands in his pockets, looking beyond the fence and shuffled one foot in the grass.  I dont know, John.  I sure wish theyd come after me and leave her alone.
Hunter, I dont want to be insensitive, but shes the softer target.
Claire walked up behind.  So, what are you two guys doing?  Come.  Come have some food!  She herded them both in the direction of the dining room.
Costa Rica
Luciano Pea had grown in stature with the major drug lords south of the border.  After twenty years of meteoric rise as their primary western distributor, they all listened closely to Pea.  He was respected.  He had a top formal education, which most of them lacked.  He invested in ships that could fool the American police and had politicians in his pocket.  He had also proven himself as a violent gangland leader, which was the only law they respected.
When Pea called an assembly of his main suppliers to meet in Costa Rica, they all agreed, subject to careful security precautions.  This meeting was the beginning of a new Cartel, more powerful than any other organization in the drug underworld.  Although officially headless, Luciano was the de facto leader since he carried their products to market.
It had taken several months to organize, but the summit was finally underway.  The smugglers up north, along the Mexican border with America, were invited as well.  The Pea ships carried more cargo than any land-borne channels, which also made Pea an enemy to hundreds of smaller distributors.  He was very careful, far more careful in Costa Rica than when he stayed at home six hundred miles north of the border.
He reserved the entire resort.  Hotel Parador is a secluded luxury hotel on the sweeping Central Pacific Coast nestled on twelve acres of dense tropical rainforest.  It offers lavish suites sprawling across the grounds for guests, affording adequate privacy, with lesser rooms for security personnel.  There is only one narrow entry road to the resort through the jungles, which was closed for their meeting.  Entry from the sea is blocked by jagged cliffs.  There were enough concealed weapons at the resort to equip a small army. 
The meeting lasted only one day and there were no written materials presented or recorded.  This was between Latin crime lords.  The purpose of the meeting was to secure agreement within the cartel to fight any form of drug legalization in America.  All of the members had friends in the Government.
Each member of the cartel was to use his resources to influence American politics against legalization of drugs.  The diabolic rationale they would use was the blockade doctrine espoused by American politicians to prevent drugs from entering the country  a same doctrine that fostered their illicit trade.  But the hardest discussion was about controlling the gangs operating along the borders and cities in the States, to minimize violence during the summer.  Most of the members objected, and Mexican distributors complained the most.  Some threated violence against other cartel members for even suggesting that they back off.  In the end, most of them saw the wisdom in diminishing American public attention on drug violence while Congress debated the budget for next year.  Privately, some of the obstinate distributors would need to be dealt with by Pea and his allies.
Most of the cartel members left that night without enjoying the luxury of the Parador, minimizing their exposure.  Their greatest safety was back on their home turf.  Pea had a helicopter come from his big trawler stationed close offshore.  He would spend the night on the ship while it cruised north and fly off in the morning for Acapulco, where his private jet was waiting.
He was back in his office in San Francisco by lunch time the next day.  That night, he and Ramon were aboard his Trawler Ocean Queen, piloted by its new captain.  The ship was motoring at slow speed around Yerba Buena Island in the center of the Oakland Bay Bridge with three other men aboard.  One of them was the man Hunter had chased from the parking lot.  The other two were contract assassins, working with the photographers firm.  All were ex-convicts.  Under agreement with the enforcement company, the men were identified only by number.
Mr. One, the photographer, laid several dozen pictures on the chart table, identifying the various Rivera family members, relatives and friends.  Over the next hour, plans were agreed.  In the morning, Pea would arrange a wire transfer of funds between the offshore bank accounts.
Return to Washington
Hunter and Laura flew back together on the same American flight through Chicago.  The trip had given them a chance to firm their relationship away from the distractions of work.  They had been given a private tour of the state capitol with Claire as their guide.  It was Monday night when they landed at Reagan National in Washington.
After recovering Lauras bag, Hunter said, Look.  Come to my place, and well have dinner; then Ill drive you home.
She smiled at him.  I have another idea.  Why dont I come to your place and have some dinner, and I can catch the Metro in the morning for work.
He put his arm around her.  Lets go.
The trip to Sacramento had crystalized their feelings.  Hunter had never really loved anyone before.  He had had a few girlfriends in high school and a few dates in the Navy, but he was constantly on deployments, so nothing serious had ever developed.  Laura was his first true love.
Laura had had a steady boyfriend in high school on the Eastern Shore, one of the most placid locations in the mid-Atlantic area, but theyd split up when she went to college and he stayed on the family farm.  Shed started the phone relationship with Hunter shortly after graduation and taking her job in Washington.  Shed never been interested in anyone else since meeting him.
Shed learned a lot about Hunter on their trip to California, both from his interaction with his family, but also from talking to Claire and Sue Ann.  The women in his family communicated freely, and she fit right in.  She was lucky to have packed extra clothes before going to California and she could stay with Hunter several nights if she wanted.
They didnt have time to shop for anything fresh, so they had a simple dinner of grilled pork chops and chopped spinach.  He had both frozen in his freezer and thawed the chops by sealing them in a Ziploc bag floating in the sink.  Neither was particularly hungry after travelling all day, but Laura appreciated his effort.  After they cleaned up his kitchen together, he poured red wine, which they drank on his balcony.
He said, Sweetheart, I can still drive you home if youd like?
She had an impish smile.  Why?  You want me to leave?
He kissed her cheek.  You know thats not it.  Its just, like I said before, I dont want to pressure you.
Hunt.  Wasnt it my idea to stay tonight?
He smiled and sat back in his deck chair.  Yeah.  Just checking.
The rest of the night was magical for both of them.  She knew he was devoted to her, and he started thinking about how he would propose.
She left her suitcase at his apartment in the morning, saying she would pick it up again sometime soon.
That day, he didnt have anything specific planned, so he called Leigh Bryant, and they made plans for lunch in Rosslyn.  Most impromptu Washington meetings happened over lunch, and Hunter had an expense account.
The Tivoli restaurant was popular with professionals working with the Government and was adjacent to the Rosslyn Metro station.
Hunter was sitting at a table when Leigh arrived.  She looked smart in a dark blue suit.  Even in sneakers, Leigh was almost as tall as he.  She was ten years older and a seasoned professional on the Hill.  Leigh had worked on the staff of a Congressman from Tennessee for sixteen years, from the time she graduated from U. Mass Amherst.  She became his Executive Assistant over time and managed the corral of junior aides.  Around Congress, the EAs worked as surrogates for their elected members, wielding immense power, often controlling the legislative agenda and helping negotiate committee positions in the quid pro quo of politics.  Leigh had mastered the skills of Congress far more than ninety percent of the electorate.
When she got married, later than many, she was pregnant within months.  When the Congressman failed to be reelected, Leigh saw the chance to parlay her experience into consulting on a part time basis, so she could be a full-time mother.  She looked good to Hunter.  She wasnt a skinny pole any longer with meticulous hair.  Family life agreed with her, and she was clearly enjoying her new career at home.
He stood and kissed her cheek, another Washington formality hed learned from her.  Hi, lady, you look great!
Hi yourself, Hunter.  How goes the battle on The Hill?
They chatted lightly until their orders were taken, then Hunter said, Im not sure how its going, Leigh.  Im doing okay with California delegates outside of San Diego.  Youd think those would be the ones behind it.
Why?
Well, they see the violence every day in their districts.
She smiled before answering.  No, not really.  The bad stuff happens out in the desert, way away from the city.  The city of San Diego is quiet.
Still, why wont they support limited legalization if it would stop the Border War?
Hmm, ever do a headcount at the San Diego Border Patrol Sector?  I bet between San Diego, El Centro and San Ysidro that they have five thousand people employed by CBP (Customs and Border Patrol).  Throw in DEA, and you probably have another thousand.  Those are a lot of voters who want to keep their jobs.  No one in Government really wants the war to end.  There are Washington empires depending on it to support their people.
He shook his head.  Yeah, at a hundred billion a year.  This doesnt even account for the gang killings across the US and our prison problems.
Look, Hunter.  My advice is to look for support outside the border regions.  Avoid law enforcement advocates in general.  Youre attacking their wellbeing.  Go after members that dont have a stake and genuinely want to correct the budget deficit and stop violence.
You know, you always bring a rational side.  When I was in the BP (Border Patrol), I watched buddies gunned down in ambushes.  I survived two myself.  It seems insane that our Government wouldnt want to end it.
Dont blame the Government, in general.  There are plenty of members who will listen to you.  You just need to target the right ones.  Im not just talking about California delegates.  Anyone on the right committee is fair game.
Where should I start?
You start by eating lunch.  Ill go back to my office (home) and email you a list of people you need to focus on.  You still need to press your state delegates, but you need to go a lot farther away.  Im gonna send you a list of people in Congress who want reform.
He smiled and they talked on a personal level through lunch.  Neither wanted dessert, but they did have coffee.  Like most Washington power lunches, it lasted until two oclock.  Hunter had a fundraiser to attend at the Capitol Hill Club that night.  He really didnt want to attend, but part of his job was representing the state employees PAC (Political Action Committee).  Tonight, he would drop an envelope into a fish bowl and have hors d'oeuvres for dinner with a dozen disinterested staffers then ride back on the Metro, as quickly as possible.
That evening, after he finally got home, he looked at the list of people Leigh had identified.  Many hed never heard of, but he trusted her advice completely.  Then he called Laurie, and they had a warm cuddly conversation, as cuddly as could be on the phone before she went to bed.  He stayed up until midnight, preparing an action plan from Leighs list.
Sometime in the pre-dawn morning, his mobile phone rang.  Hello.
The man spoke.  Is this Hunter Kohl?
Whos calling?
Thats not important, Mr. Kohl
Hunter was still half asleep.  Look, I dont have time for games.
Oh, this is not game, I assure you, Mr. Kohl.
What do you want?
First, Mr. Kohl, I want you to listen to someone we have here.
Hunter didnt have time to respond before she screamed.  Hunter! Hunter!  They have...  Her sounds were muffled after that.
Hunters fury exploded.  Who was that!
He heard some vague dialogue and a scuffle before the man spoke.  Well, Mr. Kohl, what do you think?
Look asshole, who was that?
Dont you recognize the voice of your loving cousin?
Sue Ann!  What do you want?
Its quite simple, Mr. Kohl.  We simply want your attention.  Nothing more.  You see, we expect you to play ball with us when the time is right.  Do you understand?
What about Sue Ann!  What about my cousin?
This time, Mr. Kohl, we are throwing her back.  It will not happen again.  When you hear from us again, you will be given instructions.  Remember your dear brother-in-law.
You bastard!  The line went dead.
It was later learned that Sue Ann was still in her pajamas without shoes or coat.  She never saw or heard the men who broke into her apartment when she was asleep.  Before she knew what was happening, her hands were taped together while her eyes and mouth were sealed with tape.
She was thrown into the trunk of a car and taken to a harbor.  The evening foghorn sounds and smells confirmed that she was carried aboard a boat or ship.  The vessel cruised for over an hour while she coiled terrified against cold steel walls in some unseen metal room.
Then someone talked to Hunter.  She screamed as they ripped the duct tape from her mouth, pulling a handful of hair with it.  Her eyes were completely taped over.  She could smell body odor and occasional bad breath.  She cried the whole time in the room, fearing being helpless and raped.
Rage
In Washington, Hunter was going mad.  He called Claire, who was also asleep.  Hunter, whats wrong?
Claire!  I just wanted to see if you were all right.
Yeah. Im fine.  Whats wrong?
Claire, they took Sue Ann.
What! Who!  Oh, God, Hunt.  What should we do?
Look, Claire.  Check on the kids and make sure everything is locked.  Then call John Richards.
What are you going to do?
I dont know, Claire.  I dont know.
As soon as he hung up, he thought about calling Laura, but decided not to scare her.  The man on the phone had made his point, and it was almost dawn anyway.  Hed talk to her during the day and try not to scare her.  He wouldnt sleep again that night.
After dressing in the morning, he didnt look again at the list Leigh sent, and he didnt go out.  He was mad and concerned for his family and friends.  He wasnt scared for himself.  Let them come.  He was scared for the people he loved.
Around noon time, nine oclock in California, John Richards called him.  Hunter, we got her.
Hunter let out a breath.  Is she ... is she okay, John?
Shes pretty banged up and scared, Hunter, but she should be okay.  Shes going to be shaken for a long time though.  She could have died.
Hunter felt rage developing again.  What did they do, John?
Someone, some men, kidnapped her from her bedroom, Hunter.  They taped her all up with duct tape and treated her like garbage, throwing her into a car trunk.  Shes a good-looking girl, Hunter.  Ninety-nine times out of a hundred, she would have been raped, but these guys had other orders.
Yeah.  I know some of it.  Ill tell you more in a minute.  Tell me what they did to her.
They took her onto a boat, a big one from what I can figure.  Anyway, after she talked to you, they dumped her in a zodiac off Half Moon Bay and threw her overboard closer to shore.  She was still taped up and they didnt care if she drowned.
Anyway, she struggled in the water until the sea loosened the tape and she got free.  She had to swim to shore in some rough stuff, but made it.  I dont think most people would have survived, Hunter.
After that, she was freezing wet with almost nothing on and stumbled up onto the coast highway where a man helped her.  Shes in a hospital with her parents.  Claire is heading there now.
Hunter sat with his hand supporting his forehead.  Thank God.
Whats this all about, Hunter?
John, Im not sure.  I think it was a warning.  He mentioned Jos.  He said he would be back in touch.
So, hes scaring you?
Yeah.  I think thats the idea.
Hunter, I think Ill talk to Claire and get you stationed back here again.
I dont think so, John.  Not until we know what this is about.  I dont think theyll touch anyone until I get some instructions.
What if he never calls back?  What if therere no more instructions?
Well, then maybe everyone will be safe.
Yeah, but we need to catch this guy.
I know, John.
Hunter, were bringing the FBI into this, and theyll look real close at any evidence.  You need to send me your phone log info.  I dont think these guys are stupid enough to use a traceable phone number, but we need to check anyway.
After the call with John, Hunter called Claires cellphone.
She answered, Hello, Hunter.
Claire, where are you?
Im about at Vallejo on I-80.  Im going to the hospital in Monterey.
John said she was going to be okay.
I think so, Hunt.  What happened?
He explained the phone call and all she could say was, That Bastard!
You know who it is, Claire?
Yeah, so do you.
Pea?
Who else, Hunt?
He didnt mention anything about Jos.  Yeah.  Its gotta be him.
Think about it, Hunter.  We all know hes behind Joss murder.  Now, hes coming after us.
The FBIs getting involved.
Yeah.  John told me.
You think they got anything on Pea?
I dont know.  I think theyve had him under surveillance for a long time.  I dont know where we fit into this.  Even if they have stuff on him, they havent moved yet, so I bet theyve got squat.
Hunter knew something about the California drug trade from his experience and training with the Border Patrol. Peas got a lot of money and covers his tracks.
She added, Yeah.  Jos always said he was the most dangerous guy on the west coast and the most difficult to catch.
Look, Claire.  John said he would ask you to get me moved back to Sacramento.
You want to come?  We might all feel a little safer if you came back.
I dunno, sis.  Pea wants me for something, and I think its in Washington.  I better stay here for a while.
Look.  I want to call Laurie, so kiss Sue Ann for me and tell her Ill call her in a day or so.
Be careful, Hunter.
You too, sis.  Have John come by and double check your security at the house.  I think you better keep close track of your kids, too.
Now youre really scaring me.
Sorry, Claire.  I just want to be cautious until someone nails this maniac.
Competition
Victor Cabrillo Melndez didnt like being ordered around like some peasant.  He gave orders, not the other way around.  He was the biggest Mexican drug smuggler in Jaurez after assassinating his boss Enzo Amador Perea.  Melndez was called "El Seor de los pjaros" (Lord of the Birds) because of his fleet of jets used to transport drugs.  The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration described Melndez as the most ruthless drug trafficker in Northern Mexico.  In only two years, he had gone from being an illiterate enforcer to drug lord in the region, leaving behind a bloody trail.
With his new wealth, Melendez moved his family north of the border into El Paso, where their security was easier to manage and his children could attend American schools.  He was popular with the city government, providing multi-million dollar gifts for various projects.  He was always under the watchful eye of local law enforcement, but he was careful to keep his illegal activities below the border.
Melndez was sitting on his patio in the shade, enjoying a Margarita in the late afternoon warmth.  It had been a day of relaxation with his lieutenants controlling things in Juarez, preparing for his next big drug shipment.  He dozed on and off all afternoon enjoying the sweet desert smell carried by the gentle breeze.  The sky was deep blue, without any pollution.  It was an ideal day in west Texas!
Then his phone rang.  It was the El Paso County Sheriff.  Something had gone wrong with security for his son, Miguel, who was twelve years old.  According to the deputy who called from the scene, the boys car was hijacked coming home from a soccer game.  The driver and bodyguard were both gunned down and the boy taken along with the car.  Melndez would not have involved the police in Mexico, preferring to use his own resources to find the boy, but this wasnt Mexico.
The American authorities came to his house asking questions, treating the hijacking as a planned kidnapping for ransom.  Melndez cooperated, but knew it would be resolved privately.
Luciano Pea didnt know how close Melndez was to his only son.  Most drug traffickers raised their children as law-abiding citizens without early knowledge of their real professions.  From birth, Miguel was shielded from any knowledge of his fathers business.  Melndez murdered people in cold blood, sometimes torturing them for information or as a deterrent to others.  He grew up surrounded by violence and used it as his tradecraft.  But when Miguel was born, he made a pact with his wife to never disclose his real source of income, at least until the boy found out through other means.  
Since taking over the cartel and moving to El Paso, Melndez lived behind a faade of respectability.  Miguel would learn the truth soon enough, but not yet.  Melndez was enraged that his boy was exposed to the violence by Luciano Pea, who didnt respect him as a peer. He knew only Pea would attack him north of the border. Just because Melndez had fought through the ranks to get the cartel, didnt make him any less of a Jefe.  But taking Miguel went too far.  Miguel was only a child, small for his age and deliberately naive.  That Pea would make him a pawn in their world was unforgivable.  As evil as their business was, the families were off limits.
That evening, Melndez received a text message telling him to look for instructions in his mailbox.  He sent one of his guards to the end of his private gated drive for the envelope.  Neither Melndez nor his family ever opened the mail box.
Without using any names, Pea gave instructions to meet for discussion of a possible collaboration.  If Melndez agreed, he would get his son back, unharmed.  He must come to the Holiday Inn on Mission Avenue, room 2011, at eight oclock that night.  In drug-speak, this was an ultimatum, and he had no choice.
Melndez kissed his wife, whispering a long goodbye and then drove away inside a large Expedition truck with blackened windows.  There were five guards with him.  He lived outside of town, close to the airport on a private ranch.  The trip into town took half an hour.  When they arrived at the hotel, one of his guards who could speak passible English went into the lobby for a room map of the old two-story motel.  The rooms were all open to the outside with uncovered walkways.  They drove around the east side, reading the numbers on the second-floor doors.  Room 2011 overlooked the parking lot.  Melndez arrived early to observe whoever went into the room, but there were already two guards standing by the door.
He instructed the driver to park two rows back in the lot, facing the hotel.  The two large men standing beside the room door could see the truck and remained stationary.  After ten minutes, it was eight oclock, and no one had entered the room.  Truck doors opened, and two mean-looking men walked through the lot and up the outdoor stairs to the walkway along the second floor.  Melndez stayed hidden from view.
Words were spoken between Melndezs men and the door guards, which could not be heard in the truck.  The guards made a gesture and the Melndez men stepped back to the rail, opening their coats.  They did not give up their guns.  Peas main man, a head taller than the others, waived one of the Melndez men farther away, letting the other one approach the door, which was opened and closed quickly.  After some further unheard dialogue, Peas men resumed their positions, and the others returned to the truck.
Melendez watched everything.  He knew it was a trap of some sort and told his men to be alert.  His man confirmed that he saw the boy inside and was told that Pea would show himself after Melndez freed the boy.  No other Melndez men would be allowed in the room.
He hesitated, but had no choice.  Miguel was alive, and terrified.  He was sitting alone in the dark on the edge of a bed, facing the door.  Melndezs only protection inside the room would be weapons concealed under his sport coat.  They had been used to kill many times and he was sure that Pea himself was no match if he came alone.  Pea was a California college kid, not someone raised in the gangs of Juarez.  When Melndez freed his son, he would enjoy killing Pea slowly with a knife, once the boy was safely out of earshot.
One of his guards opened the trucks rear door and Melndez stepped out slowly, buttoning his sport coat.  He was a big dark man with poor teeth and a large scar on the right side of his face.  Muscle had turned to fat, but his size would intimidate most men.  Still, one of Peas guards was much larger and didnt look fat.  Melndez looked in all directions instinctively before moving away from his armored car, not wishing to be shot by a sniper, walking to the hotel room.  He signaled his most trusted guard to walk with him and instructed the others to stand outside the truck, ready to shoot Peas men.  He walked quickly to the stairs, skipping steps, climbing to the second floor.  He was moving too fast to be an easy target.
As he approached the room, the giant guard stepped in front, blocking the way to the door.  Melndez would enter alone.  When he agreed, the guard backed away, and Melndez was allowed to pass.
The door was partially opened, but the single front window curtain was pulled closed, blocking any outside light.  There were no interior lights on.  Melndez pressed his hand against his coat, feeling the reassuring metallic bulge under his arm.  He stood in the doorframe and pushed the door completely open.  As the last rays of dying sunlight filled the room, he saw his son.  His boy was sitting upright on the edge of the bed facing him.  His legs and arms were bound with tape and his mouth was covered.  When he saw his father, Miguel tried to say something, but nothing could be understood under the tape.  He was shivering and tears flowed freely, and he had wet himself.  Melndez was enraged that his son was treated this way.  Pea would pay with his life!  Miguels eyes pleaded to his father, who moved to free the boy.
Outside the room, the men were all at the stairs when the explosion blew out the window in room 2011.  There was not going to be any collaboration between Pea and Melndez.
Ramon had a brief discussion with the Melndez men before they separated.  The gang was now under Peas control if he could hold it together from the states.  Ramon sent a text message to his boss, Se hace (it is done).
For Luciano Pea, it was another day at the office.
Sue Ann	
Sue Ann Flannigan was Hunters and Claires cousin, the daughter of their mothers brother.  The Flannigans had always lived in San Jose, where her father, Bob, was an Engineer at NASA Ames Research Center.  Sue Ann lived an active California lifestyle, including mountain biking and rock climbing.  She was tall and muscular with short brown hair, and she could keep up with the men in rugged outdoor sports.  She was on the womens volleyball team in college and could almost dunk a basketball.
She taught special education and recently completed a Masters Degree in Public Administration.  She wasnt married, or even seeing anyone seriously, but she attracted numerous male friends.  Shed grown up as a free-spirited girl who cared for other people and volunteered for numerous charitable events.  Now in her late twenties, shed lost none of the glamour from her Homecoming Queen days in high school, yet wasnt overtly aware of it.  She had always been playful around Hunter and Claire, spending several summer vacations with them in Southern California when growing up.  She was like their little sister, closer in age to Hunter, and followed him around with a crush on her big male cousin.  They were a close family.
Claire got to the hospital just as Uncle Bob and his second wife were leaving for lunch.  They talked briefly then Claire and Sue Ann were alone.
Claire had brought flowers and she hugged her cousin.  Aw, Suzy (her personal pet name), how do you feel?
Im not bad, Claire.  I dont know why they want me to stay here all day.  I got some scrapes and bruises, but nothing worse than a day at Yosemite with the guys.
Just take advantage of it, girl.
Claire, you just missed the Fibbies (FBI).  They questioned me.  I had to ask Dad and Stella to leave.
Did they hurt you badly, did they ... you know?
No, they didnt do that.  I thought they would for sure.  They got really close sometimes and one touched my breast, but he got slapped around and yelled at in some pretty crude Spanish.
Were they Mexicans?
I dont know.  They smelled bad, but thats not surprising for a lot of guys.  I think one had serious dental problems though.  His breath -- yuck.  I dont want to talk about it.
Were you scared?
Yeah.  Scared as hell.  You know, after Jos  Im sorry, Claire.
Claire sat down after placing the flowers on a small side table.  These guys are animals, Suzy.
Why do you think they called Hunter?  I tried to warn him, Claire, but they taped me up again fast.
Claire looked at her.  I talked to him a couple times.  There doesnt seem to be any reason yet.
Sue Ann was released from the hospital at five oclock that evening and went home with Claire to Sacramento.  She told Claire that she wanted to be as far away from her apartment as possible.
In Washington, Hunter called Laura and told her what happened.  He felt helpless across the country from Claire and Sue Ann.  She absolutely needed to stay late at the office that night, but asked to spend the night with him again, maybe several nights, until it was all resolved.  His fear turned to excitement.  He cautioned her to walk in a group to the Metro and call him so that he could meet her at his station.  His concern freaked her out, but she remembered the photographer at the park.  If they wanted to get at Hunter, she was a logical target.
He didnt leave his apartment that day and called John Richards in the afternoon.
Richards didnt know much.  Hunter, the FBI interviewed Sue Ann, but I dont think she could be much help.  She was asleep when several men jumped her, wrapping duct tape over her eyes and mouth, then her arms and legs.  One minute she was asleep, and the next she was blinded and gagged.  Someone threw her over his shoulder and dropped her in a car trunk.  From what she could hear and smell, it sounds like they took her to a dock on the bay, about half an hour away, then out to sea on a large boat or ship.  There wasnt much engine noise, and she was pushed against steel bulkheads.  She could feel some low-frequency engine vibration, which means a large long-stroke diesel, and the motion was pretty subdued for a boat on the open sea.  It had to be a big boat.
Hunter commented.  Pea.  It was Pea.
I cant comment on that, Hunter.
You dont have to, John.  Im not a cop so I can speculate all I want.
Were certainly checking all angles.  In truth, Richards and the FBI suspected Pea also, but had to keep an open mind for other possibilities.  Pea had two boats at the dock early in the morning, but a third one had departed on a two-month fishing expedition to South America.  An investigative team was asking questions around the Embarcadero, checking on anyone that might have seen a trawler leave around midnight.  Richards had a preliminary report from the FBI that Peas two boats were tied up all night and the big one only left after sunrise.
Richards continued.  Some things seem too obvious, Hunter.  Thats why we need to be careful about jumping to conclusions.
Like what?
Well, if Pea took her, why use a boat at all?  That would obviously point back to him. 
Hunter answered.  He likes being alone on the ocean for his dirty work.
Yeah. But why risk it if you were going to turn her loose.  She would know she was on a big boat even all tied up.
He probably expected to kill her before he got a look at her.
If he did that, he would have dumped her way out at sea with some weights attached, not send a dingy near shore where she could get free.  It doesnt add up, Hunter.
I dont know, John.  I want to believe its him.
Its one of those things about police work, Hunter.  We need to follow the evidence, and so far this still has a lot of questions.
Thats where I have the advantage, John.  I dont have to answer to anyone but myself.
Hunter, were friends, and Ill pretend that I didnt hear that.
What about protecting the girls, John?
I checked Claires place, and Sue Ann is staying with her for a while.  Ill be close by.
Okay, John.  Let me know if I need to be there.
They said goodbye, and Hunter got his place ready for Laura to arrive.  He was worried about all the women in his life, plus Claires children.  He would take action himself if the police didnt move quickly enough.
He neatened up a bit and had a frozen pizza ready before leaving to walk to the station.  It was a typical sultry evening with white puffy clouds and the smell of rain in the humid air.  He didnt bring an umbrella, hoping it would remain dry for their walk back to his place.  Laura often chided him for not carrying an umbrella, but he worried about lightning strikes and never used one even if he got soaked.  The train arrived at the elevated station just as he entered and stopped short of the kiosks, waiting for her to come down the escalator.  He saw her immediately when looking up the moving stairs.  She looked fresh and terrific exiting the train.  How do you do it?
Do what?
Look so good after a long day at work.
She smiled but didnt answer.  She didnt want to spoil the illusion after going home before coming to him.
They talked most of the way to his place with his arm around her waist for some of it.  It felt a little awkward, but he had new worries now about her safety, which they didnt discuss.  At his apartment, she asked for more details about Sue Ann, which he answered as much as possible.  She asked, Are we in danger here, Hunter?
Laurie, I wish you werent involved, but we need to be careful.
She hugged him in the kitchen.  You mean you wish we werent in love?
He wrapped his arms around her.  You know the answer to that.
After dinner, after dark, it was late, and he wanted to call Sue Ann.  Laurie got ready for bed, and he sat on the sofa within hearing range.  He called her cellphone, figuring she would now have her purse, even if she wasnt at home.
When she answered, he could hear Claire and the kids in the background.  Hey, how are you doing?
Oh, Hunter.  I was so scared when they made me talk to you.
Sue Ann, are you okay?
Im fine physically, Hunter.  How are you doing?  Do you know what they want?
Not yet Suz, but I figure its something to do with my job here in DC.
You need to be careful.
They talked a bit longer and then he talked to Claire about safety measures.  John had come over and checked the house.  He even offered to sleep on the couch, but the women felt they were safe enough together.  They ended the call, agreeing to talk every day for a while.
On the Hill
There were no calls that night and they made love, easing the tension.  In the morning, he was ready to work again.  He walked Laura to the Metro then returned to review the list of prospective Congressmen and Senators that Leigh Bryant provided.  It was comprehensive, listing members mostly outside California or the other Border States.  He called her mobile phone.
Hi, Leigh.
Hunter, did you look at my list?
Yeah, its interesting.  I think I know what youre recommending.
Look.  You need to spend your time building consensus.  Members of the Appropriations Committees are the most important, but there are also some others that wield a lot of influence.  Some of these folks campaigned on streamlining drug laws and focusing on regulation of drug potency and treatment programs.
So, why is Sandra Blithe on the list?
She chuckled.  Sandra Blithe has run unopposed for almost thirty years in the Senate.  She hasnt got an original idea in her head.  Shes a Democrat from Rhode Island and is pretty much able to be on any committee she wants.  Shes not active on any of them, but all of the members know she could bump them off if she wanted.
She needs a cause this year.  For the first time in decades, shes being challenged in the primary by a young guy whos popular with their liberal base.  Shes no better than fifty-fifty for even getting the party nomination.  Nobody will feel bad if the old lady gets put out to pasture gracefully.
She doesnt want to go, so she needs a rallying cry, and the young liberals populating the electorate in her state are all clamoring for decriminalization of marijuana and legalized amphetamines under FDA control  kind like Pseudoephedrine.
He smiled.  Shes kind of old to be pushing a drug agenda.
Thats the whole point.  Shes a child of the sixties, a flower child, a hippy.  At least thats something that would sell to her younger constituents.  Her teams running scared right now, and I think shed support your message if you sell it to her.  Tell you what, Ill set you up with her, and you see if she bites.
All right, Im game.  When?
Ill call you back.
A few minutes later, Leigh called him about an appointment later that day.
She asked, Can you make a two oclock?
Sure.  What do I need to prep?
Just bring the current language in the Senate bill.  Ask for Ben Willis.  Hes her current Homeland Security Legislative Assistant.  Hes a military intern, probably a Light Colonel or Navy Commander.  They serve in a military intern capacity for one year to learn how to work with Congress -- usually headed for future assignment at the Pentagons Legislative Liaison office.  Most of them are looking to build up credentials to be lobbyists after retiring.
Congress gets them for free, so you find a lot of them on the Hill.  Theyre not supposed to work on Defense bills or anything involving their branch of service, but its the Congress and they dont police themselves.  You treat him like any other staffer.
Go to Russell, Room 201.  Seniority has its privileges.
The Russell building was the oldest of the three Senate Office Buildings with huge hardwood-paneled offices, far more ornate than Dirksen or Hart.
Hey, Leigh.  This is good stuff.  Ill get over there and let you know how it goes.
Yeah, do that, and then well strategize on the next one.
For the rest of the morning, Hunter felt a renewed sense of mission.  He printed a summary report with statistics and the outline of a proposed new drug program.
He quickly showered and ate a late lunch before walking to the Metro.  Events of the past week were still fresh in his mind so he looked more closely at people nearby and the cars on the street.  Nothing seemed out of sync with the normal activities as he walked up hill to the station.  The train cars were no more than ten percent full, and he was the only person waiting on the platform at King Street.  He timed it perfectly, and the yellow train arrived within two minutes.
Half an hour later, on Capitol Hill, Hunter walked up the hill from Union Station.  He was early.  The massive buildings were impressive, designed to intimidate anyone coming there.  Hed been on The Hill almost daily since coming east, but still found it to be a grand spectacle, overshadowing the dysfunctional relationship between the present administration and the legislature.  And the disconnected relationship between the House and Senate.
The Russell Senate Office Building is one of the most imposing sights besides the Capitol itself.  It was the first congressional office building, opened in 1909, meant to relieve overcrowding in the Capitol building.  Except for the modern-era metal detectors and extraordinary security measures needed in the twenty-first century, the building would dazzle anyone visiting it.  Inside the rotunda, there were eighteen marble columns supporting its coffered dome, flooding the inside with sunlight.  Twin marble staircases led upward to the elegant Kennedy Caucus Room, featuring more pilasters and richly detailed marbled walls with a gilded ceiling.  It still retained the original 1910 benches with carved eagles.  It has hosted some of the most important legislative events in history.
The building is faced outside with marble and limestone on a foundation made of gray granite.  It is connected to the Capitol by an underground passage with golf carts for the private use of Senators and their guests. 
He bypassed the information desk and walked to the second floor.  At room 201, he was impressed that Senator Blithes waiting room was as large as the entire office complex occupied by Congressman Stubbs, complete with three receptionists, which seemed excessive for a Senator with no significant committee assignments.  Seniority had its perks in Washington. Willis came out to greet Hunter immediately after signing in.
Mr. Kohl, welcome to the Senators office.  Im Ben Willis, please come with me.
After shaking hands, Hunter was impressed by Williss demeanor.  He was tall, over six-three, with an obvious military haircut and a suit that was probably too expensive.  He was a few years older and looked to be in excellent physical condition, not like most of the over-worked bureaucrats he normally met.
Willis took him to a private office which had numerous pictures of the Senator standing by airplanes and bridges, and shaking lots of hands.  She had aged in the office over thirty years.  Willis said, Can I get you something to drink?
Hunter smiled, No, Im fine, but help yourself.
How about some bottled water if I have one?
Sure.
Willis opened a door on the credenza behind him to find a concealed refrigerator.  Hunter noticed beer in addition to soft drinks.
They talked a little about themselves, and Willis eased up when he learned about Hunters background.  Hed been in the trenches of the drug war.
 So, Hunter, I understand from Ms. Bryant that you want to talk about our support for changing the way we treat illicit drugs?
Thats right, Ben.  I represent the California Office of Drug Enforcement.  As you know, there have been many attempts to change the way we treat the drug problem in the past.
Yeah.  We deal with it in the military and I did some on-line work before you came over.
Hunter liked his directness.  Then you know we spend billions each year and havent solved illicit use in America.
Okay.  So, what do you want from the Senator?
Id like to ask the Senator on behalf of California to support changes to our policies on regulated substances.  Wed like to have certain currently illegal drugs sanctioned for controlled distribution, sort of like tobacco and alcohol.
What about the kids in our schools?
Hunter shook his head in affirmation.  We would do more to curb illicit use if we started a program to control the distribution openly, kind of like the way booze and cigarettes are controlled, then trying to catch illegal dealers in back alleys.
What about the DEA and ATF?  What would they do under a new policy?
The DEA could be downsized or eliminated if we allowed regulated production in The States.  Enforcement duties could move into FDA and ATF.
What about more users having access to mind-altering drugs.
More than what?  Right now, no one checks IDs when the stuff is bought.  Were not making them more available.  Wed finally have some control over distribution.  All distribution today is illegal and uncontrolled.  Statistically, the war approach hasnt been effective.
Yeah. But if it was legal and cheap, and you could buy it at Safeway, a lot more would use the stuff.
Who said it would be cheaper?  The Government could impose taxes and tariffs, just like on cigarettes and booze.  The prices would depend on how much goes back to the Government.  But the biggest difference is that the drug gangs all over our cities would disappear and border violence would stop.  We spend enormous money and lives to stop illegal drug trafficking, and Americans pay huge money, which goes to murderers for distributing it.  Take away that expenditure and put taxes in place of drug dealer profit, and weve got a program that pays for itself, including more publicity campaigns against drugs.  Another side benefit is that drug crimes wouldnt be filling our prisons to overcrowding anymore.
If we had legitimate farmers harvesting in the US, like tobacco farmers today and FDA approved labs making energy-drugs,  like Red Bull, we could pay less in farm subsidies instead of Americans giving hundreds of billions in drug money to farmers in South America and Mexico.
But, the big benefit is FDA controls dosages and purity.  Take amphetamines, for example.  You can buy Sudafed over the counter and get high if its abused, so theres not a big difference.
Willis took exception.  Sudafed has a legitimate medical purpose.
Hunter agreed.  Yeah. If thats why its purchased.  But also look at so-called energy drinks.  Look at Caffeine.  All can be abused.
I dont know, Hunter.  This could backfire.
Sure it could, but our surveys show that most Americans are fed up with the violence and the subcultural aspects today.  If they only knew how much was being spent on a failed policy and how many people were really dying in gang violence above and below our border caused by drug smuggling, most would support changes in policy.
Its not politically popular.
Hunter looked at him. Hmm, how would anyone know unless they tried?  Everyone thinks the old kick-ass way is the right way.  If they knew the expense and the failure truths, it would change minds.  What about the hundreds of thousands that have died in the violence because of American policy?
Willis had heard all he wanted.  Look, Hunter, Ill talk to the Senator and get back to you.
Sensing a brushoff, Hunter added.  Ben, also think about this.  Senator Blithe could lead one of the most important shifts in policy in fifty years.  This could re-launch her career.
Well, we dont think shes seriously threatened.
Hunter had only slightly more political experience than Willis. I wouldnt be so sure, Ben.  Even the party is looking for new blood.  The Senator has a lot of influence that could make this gain traction.  I think a lot of her younger voters would like this initiative.
Ill convey your thoughts, Hunter.
Okay, but try to do it in a way that lets her see the benefit to her re-election.  What other new platform does she really have?  I think youd be handing her the votes.
Willis wanted to play a more seasoned role, but started to appreciate Hunters council.  Thanks Leigh!
They adjourned and Willis said he would call back in a day or two.
Outside the building, Hunter found an open bench in the park leading down to Union Station and called Leigh to report.
So, Hunter, did Willis bite?
I dont know, Leigh.  I dont think he understands the political angle I gave him.
She chuckled.  A lot of them dont understand, thats why most stay a year and leave in frustration.  Some of us learn to speak the language and get to make a career out of it.
Hunter cupped his hand over the phone, protecting it from the afternoon breeze under the trees that was moderating the heat.  He wasnt too impressive.
All right, Hunter.  Go back to your office and lets look again at the House side.  In the meantime, Ill call Amy Letourneau.  Shes Blithes Washington Staff Director.  Ive known Amy for twenty years, and Ill fill her in.
Dont we give Willis a chance?
She doesnt work like that.  Shes cool and will know Willis inexperience.  Shell just have a private conversation with Blithe.
You know, Leigh, I could never replace you here.
Im not worried, Hunter.  Youre not the kind of guy who would do this for a living.  You have too much integrity, and I see you more as an action guy.
He smiled.  As smooth talking as always  thanks, Leigh.

The Proposition
Mohammed (Mojo) Al-Zeid, born Franklin Redding, was the largest drug distributor in Los Angeles.  Working with East LA street gangs, he imported cheap cocaine manufactured in Nicaragua and managed an army of dealers, mostly illegal alien Mexican criminals.  His empire had grown to include Ohio, Missouri and parts of Texas and Oklahoma.  He had been careful to avoid competing directly with the Pea organization that controlled western territories outside LA.  Both Pea and Al-Zeid avoided direct confrontation, but there were occasional conflicts between their dealers when they tried to expand into common areas.  The biggest firepower always won.
As a youth, Mojo was expelled from Montebello High School for distributing small amounts of cocaine, using street-gang friends.  One of his shop teachers, who introduced Mojo to a cousin in the Tijuana Cartel, went to prison for drug dealing.  After finally being expelled from school permanently, Mojo became a full-time drug distributor.
He soon became the major drug supplier to the LA gangs operating openly by selling barely above his cost, cornering the market in the nineties.  He didnt bypass the Mexican cartels as Pea did with his own ships, and didnt make the profits Pea could command, but he competed well based on a low-price strategy.  In just over ten years, his gross sales were approaching Peas, even if his profits were less.
After ten years, Mojo was moving hundreds of kilos of cocaine, worth more than a million dollars in a single day. He undercut other dealers and built a criminal empire that spread throughout the Midwest.  He spent two years of a three-year prison sentence at Chino State Prison, but managed to keep his grip on the territory and actually grew it, while managing his business from behind bars.  It was rumored, but never proven, that some of the prison guards were on his payroll.
He learned how to avoid prosecution after his prison experience.  His office was now in the back of a stretched black Hummer limousine with blackened windows.  The car was specially built to his specifications with half-inch-thick bulletproof windows. They could protect against high-power rifle bullets, hammers, baseball bats, axes, etc. All side and roof panels had special bulletproof Kevlar fabric layered inside and the floor was structured to protect against grenades and other explosives. The gas tank and battery were relocated and armor-protected against explosion.  The seven-hundred horsepower engine was protected on all sides, and the tires had solid cores.
Communications were handled with state-of-the-art wireless with both microwave and satellite capabilities.  There was a specially-designed console with television, video conferencing, internet, telephone and dedicated two-way communications.  Everything was capable of being encrypted.
Mojo normally travelled with two guards in the drivers compartment and a single body guard in the back who also managed the communications console.  Automatic rifles and handguns were stored under the seats.  Another custom feature, removed for mandatory state vehicle inspections, were fore and aft machine guns that fired from hidden compartments behind the license plates.  The command console provided video weapon sights and reticles for remote aiming and firing of both guns.  Ahead of the console was a private compartment with a bar and foldout bed.  Except for brief stints at his hillside house overlooking the ocean in Palos Verde, and his ranch in Nevada, Mojo spent most days cruising the streets around LA, always in motion.
Mojo hated to fly, but he also owned a newer Gulfstream business jet with transcontinental capability, complete with a full bath and bedroom.  Today, they drove in caravan with a second armored car from Los Angeles on a seven-hour trip along I-8 to Calexico.  It was a small California town, just across the border from Mexicali, the Baja California state capital.  Mexicali was the main portal for cocaine shipments to his Al-Zeid gang.  One of the keys to Mojos success was keeping his Mexican operations away from the larger drug portals passing through Jaurez and Tijuana.
Mojo had a small gang in Calexico, led by Luis Chavez, to smuggle the drugs around U.S. Customs and Border Patrol personnel stationed at the border crossing.  Originally, the Chavez gang would send the entire shipment to Los Angeles for Mojos people to repack and send to his mid-point distributors around the country.  But for the past three years, as the size of the Al-Zeid cartel grew, shipping was done directly from Calexico, by Chavez, to the distributors farther east.  Mojo had never liked Chavez nor trusted him.  The two-time convicted felon had no loyalty.  Over the past year, small amounts of the shipments through Mexico were missing from the shipments sent across country.  Chavez had been smart in the beginning by only cutting from the gang in Kansas City, and Mojo made changes there.  But then other distributors were coming up short and Mojo figured Chavez was the thief.  It could have been some of Chavezs men, but Chavez was in charge and therefore guilty of stealing from Mojo.  In the drug trade, there are no punitive or minor corporal punishment rules.
The trip to Calexico was timed to coincide, more or less, with Mojos routine visits to bring money to pay his Lieutenants and his gang.  The meeting with Chavez always happened at an unused collective produce warehouse south of El Centro.
As Mojos caravan arrived, the rusted chain link gate was open, as expected.  The warehouse was actually a large corrugated metal roof structure supported by tall creosote poles at the edges and down the center, with open sides about the size of a football field.  The five-acre parking area was bordered with chain link fencing, overgrown with tumbleweed.  The ground was unpaved, and tires threw up huge dust clouds driving to the back of the lot.  The second black car turned white behind Mojos limo.
Chavez and six gunmen were leaning casually against their pickups when Mojo stopped fifty yards away.  Chavez and his gang moved slowly toward the caravan, but stopped forty yards away, too far for effective handgun fire.  All of Mojos men formed together by the limo, before he opened the door and stepped into the blazing desert sun.  It was more than a hundred degrees.
Mojo was wearing black slacks and a glimmering silver dress shirt, open at the collar to display an auspicious collection of gold chains.  He was a tall man, over six-one, muscular, with a gleaming shaved head.  He wore huge dark glasses to reduce glare after driving for hours in subdued interior lighting.
Four men aligned on either side of him, stepping in cadence as he walked toward the Calexico gang, stopping twenty yards away.
Mojo smiled, showing his perfectly capped, unnaturally white teeth.  Hi raised his hand in a weak gesture. Hola, Lois.
Chavez didnt move.  Hola Seor.  Dnde est el dinero (wheres the money)?
Mojo stood erect without expression.  We have something to talk about, Luis.
Most of Chavezs men understood English well enough to be alarmed.
Chavez stood defiantly with both hands to his sides, leaning slightly right.  He was much shorter, but heavier than Mojo.  He wore dirty jeans and a faded open-collar cotton shirt with buttons stretched near breaking down the front.  His round face was scarred on both sides and long black hair laid slick across his forehead, disguising another vicious burn, rumored to be from a branding iron.  He was in his late-thirties, Mojos age, which qualified as a senior citizen in the drug trade.
He answered, What is that, Jefe?
Mojo glanced both ways at his men, who drew handguns from shoulder holsters under black sport coats.  Chavezs men were all unarmed and started backing, but their boss stood fast.  Mojo answered, Luis, youve been a bad boy.
Chavez sneered.  What you mean, black boy?
I mean you been skimmin from me.
Prove it!
You see, Luis.  Thats the part about my job thats easy.  I dont have to prove anything.  When my man in Kansas came up a little short, he went floating headless down the Missouri River.  But, that was a wrong assumption on my part.
When Cleveland was also short, I figured it wasnt a coincidence, so hes still alive.  But that leaves you.  I figure you been skimmin for bout a year now.  Mojo walked closer to Chavez, who continued to stand defiantly.
Chavez knew he would be killed if he did nothing. He yelled something in Spanish over his shoulder and his men all bolted for their trucks for their weapons, but an alert younger man screamed something else in Spanish, and the men all stopped.  Mojos men just watched in amusement, ready to fire if any of them picked up a gun.
Chavez turned and yelled vindictive slurs at the men behind him; then he waved his arms at all of them, screaming for them to obey him.  They didnt seem to know what to do, and the young man calmed them all down.  Most were panic stricken, frozen in place.
Mojo and his gunmen stood fast, expressionless, letting Chavez exhaust his energy.  When none of the Mexicans in the gang moved, Chavez started to run toward the nearest truck, but was stopped by a bullet in the small of his back from one of Mojos men.  Chavez fell in the dirt with one hand gripping the wound.  Some of his men ran behind their trucks but did not try to fight.  Mojo and two of his men walked up to Chavez, lying on his stomach.  One of the men handed his gun to Mojo who knelt down beside Chavez, facing him.  Luis, we had a deal, and I paid you well, and this is how you repay me?  It gives me no pleasure to kill you but I have to show an example.  I know you understand.
Chavez didnt speak or cry.  He just hissed as Mojo shot him in each kneecap.  Chavez finally cried out, but there were no tears as two of Mojos men used a nylon tie wrap to bind Chavezs hands behind him.  They turned him over, facing the sun.  Chavez tried to squirm, but it was useless against the restraints with both legs destroyed.  Mojo said something to one of his men that the Mexicans couldnt hear.  The man pulled a larger wrap from his pocket and placed it around Chavezs neck.  The fat Mexican tried to twist left and right to resist him.  Then Mojos man pulled it tight, lifting Chavez off the ground momentarily.  They all stood around as Chavezs eyes bulged, and his face turned bright red.  Even with two legs blown apart, he was able to roll and squirm.  When he rolled into the shade of a truck, Mojo had his men drag him back out into the sun, torturing his eyes.  The pain of being pulled by detached lower legs was excruciating, but no sound came from Chavez as the blood vessels in his neck turned purple trying to push past the garrote.  He stopped moving after a couple minutes, and probably died a few after that, but no one was looking at him as Mojo signaled to all of the remaining gang to come stand around the body together.
I want you all to understand what happens to people who steal from me.  Luis was a good friend for many years, so I was merciful.  I wont be so easy and quick if any of you cross me.  Im putting this man in charge of the gang now.  He looked at the young man who took control when the others panicked.  Whats yo name, boy?
Philippe, Jefe.
Okay, all of you.  Philippe is now in charge.  If any of you disobey him, steal from me, or try to leave the gang, Philippe will get instructions from me on how to deal with you.
Do you all understand?
Philippe asked, Jefe, they not all speak good English.  Can I tell in Spanish?
Mojo nodded.  He knew they all got the message, but wanted Philippe to show he was in charge.
Minutes later, Chavezs body was thrown into the bed of a truck and covered with an old tarp.  He would be buried in the desert after dark.  Mojo and his entourage left for the return trip to Los Angeles, stopping at the first carwash along I-8.
The trip back to Los Angeles was boring, looking at flat farmlands throughout the Imperial Valley for hours.  Al-Zeid wanted to rest after a hard day.  He never liked killing, especially if it was someone he had depended on for so many years while his business grew.  Oh well, times change, and he was still expanding, so more improvements in his people would be made.
His mobile phone rang, and it showed an area code 415, the Bay Area.  He answered cautiously.  Hello.
Her voice was unfamiliar, Is this Mr. Al-Zeid?
What you want, lady?
Mr. Pea would like to talk to you, please hold.
There was a very brief pause, then, Mohammed, how are you?  His voice was familiar.
Oh, Luca.  I dont want to disappoint you, Im fine.
Well, my friend, I was hoping that would be the case.
Why you callin me, Luca?
I have a business proposition for you.  Can we meet?  It would be a very foolish error to discuss business over the phone.
Maybe I could meet you.  Where?
You want to come to San Francisco?
No.  You want to come to LA?
I dont think that would be smart.
Mojo answered.  I have an airstrip in mind in the desert with no hiding places.  We could meet there.  You, me and pilots only.
How will I find it?
You depart south tomorrow at exactly twelve oclock, and Ill text coordinates to you.
All right, Mojo, but no tricks.
You have my word, Luca.
The House
Hunter awoke alone at six oclock in the morning.  Laura had stayed through dinner then took her suitcase back to her apartment.  She wasnt going to live her life scared.  He rolled out of bed and stretched.  A faint amber haze was just beginning to show outside his bedroom window.  He never pulled the blinds down, to let in the sun in case he overslept.  He never did oversleep, but it was his way of insuring against it.  He was getting out of shape, for him, which he hated.  Hed been a fitness fanatic since high school and had taken it to an extreme level in the military.  He had maintained that level faithfully with the Border Patrol until taking the state job and moving to Washington.  He was still in better condition than any civilians his age, but it was hard to maintain a workout program whenever he travelled back to California.  He had only succeeded in working out three times in the last week.
He loved the quiet peace in the mornings.  He put on his swim trunks, tank top and running shoes before making the bed.  The bedroom and his office, the other bedroom, were both on the second floor.  Downstairs, he drank a large glass of orange juice before stepping outside onto the sidewalk, beginning his stretching routine.
The morning air was refreshingly cool, much nicer than it would be in two hours when the sun rose higher.  He started his run at a slow pace, west on King Street, heading in the general direction of I-395.  The first mile sloped gently uphill until he passed Ivy Hill Cemetery then flattened for the next mile and a half to the Washington Sports Club.  At the midpoint of his run, just past the cemetery, he increased the pace to a sprint, raising his pulse rate to one-thirty.  It took thirteen minutes door to door to reach the club.  He began slowing near the parking lot and was walking when the double glass doors opened automatically.  The desk manager said, Hi Hunter, missed you yesterday.
Hi, Cindy.  I got a little distracted yesterday.
Is it swimming or machines today?
Im gonna swim.  He alternated programs each day.  There were gyms closer to his apartment, but WSC had an Olympic-size pool with six lanes.  He could get a dedicated lane this early in the morning.  In the mens locker room, he stripped off his shirt and walked through the shower, into the pool enclosure.  The chlorinated air was refreshed continuously and separated from the rest of the facility.
The water was around eight-two degrees, just as he liked it.  Cool enough to remain energized, but not cold enough to sap energy.  There was an oversized timing clock midway along the sidewall that he used to pace himself.  It took exactly twenty-four minutes to swim one mile.
He passed back through the showers and towel-dried before putting on his shirt, leaving the club.  The run back was slightly faster, owing to the last down-hill mile.  In total, the workout took one hour, opening his front door before seven-fifteen.  He showered and ate breakfast before eight and felt totally invigorated.
At eight-fifteen he called Leigh, who was doing laundry.  With the baby, the chores seemed to double.  She welcomed the diversion when Hunter called.
After pleasantries, he began, So, tell me about Congressman Romanoff from Ohio.
He should be an easy ally, Hunter.  Cleveland has one of the worst drug problems in the country.  The Governor and mayor are draining the states treasury, arresting everyone.  Their jails and state prisons are stuffed to capacity.  Criminals are being released back on the streets, even murderers, because of overcrowding.  Romanoff is very senior in Congress and on both Ways and Means, and Appropriations.  Hes been vocal about the need for drug education and treatment rather than harsher criminalization.  He gets re-elected by large margins.  As a Republican, hes not afraid to go against the party line and he promised his voters to stop the gestapo crackdown in Cleveland -- his words.  The best way to do it would be to decriminalize drugs and switch to a workable plan.
Okay, who should I see?
His LD, Legislative Director, is Michelle Hicks.  Call the main office number and ask for Michelle.  Shes easy to work with and will take your call if you say it regards drug policy and youre from California.
Okay, sounds easy enough.  Ill call right now.
Wait til after ten.  She takes the Metro to work and has to get her kids off to school.
Got it.
It wasnt too early to call Laura, though, who was already in her office on Independence Avenue.
Good Morning! She sounded cheerful.
Hey, girl.  You sound good today.
I feel good, Hunter.  So, dyou work out this morning?
Yeah. It felt good.  I made all my times.
You know, you dont have to jump out of airplanes or climb mountains in Afghanistan anymore.
So, you saying you like the soft Washington types?
Nope.  I only like you  just the way you are.
So, how bout lunch today, Im planning to be on the Hill this afternoon.
Sure.
They agreed on a place and time to meet, then Hunter went on line to research Congressman Romanoff and his LD Michelle Hicks.
He was surprised at the amount of unofficial information available on Aaron Romanoff.  The tabloid hits alone were overwhelming.  The themes were all the same.  Romanoff was an arch-patriot who was retired as a young Air Force Pilot after injuries received when his A10 Wart Hog was shot down in 1992 over Iraq, while attacking Husseins Republican guard.  He evaded capture for hours until rescued by helicopters under heavy fire.  Romanoff was a freshman Congressman at the time, serving in the Air Force Reserves.
He graduated from the Air Force Academy and remained in the reserves after completing his obligated service.  He flew fighters and could have resigned from the reserves when elected to Congress but wanted to deploy with his unit during the Persian Gulf War.
After returning to the States and recovering from his wounds, he was re-elected, after serving almost no time in Washington during his first term, when he promised never to fly again.  He was enormously popular with his constituents and never faced serious competition in any electoral race.  He was also enormously popular with women.  Handsome and sincere, he had numerous high-profile romances, but never married.  He was rumored to be the father of Michele Hicks oldest son, but neither would say anything about it.  Michele was a professional single mother who claimed to have been artificially impregnated, and any resemblance of the boy to the Congressman was purely coincidental.  Some articles speculated that Romanoff had simply been the donor.  Romanoff and Hicks had been together in Washington for over twenty years and were seen together often.
Hunter could only smile when calling the Congressmans office for an appointment.  He was transferred to Michele immediately, and she politely agreed to meet him at two oclock, as he requested.  After a pleasant lunch with Laura, he took the Metro to Capitol South, then a short walk to the Cannon House Office Building.  Like the Senate, there are three House office buildings.  Cannon is the oldest, built in 1908, and the grandest.  Like the Senate side of the hill, seniority determined the office priorities and Romanoff had one of the most spectacular.  Entering the rotunda, Hunter smiled about the contrast compared to his visit with Stubbs in the Rayburn building.  He stood momentarily admiring the marble columns supporting a coffered dome and foot-worn marble staircases.  The ambiance was breathtaking.
Romanoffs office was a marvel of efficiency compared to Stubbs.  The receptionist had his name entered in her computer and summoned Michelle the moment Hunter arrived. Michelle Hicks was not only strikingly beautiful, her tall lean figure, neatly clad in a professional business suit, complimented her reputation as a Washington insider.  Mr. Kohl, welcome to Congressman Romanoffs office.
After shaking hands, she held the door for him, indicating a small private office immediately off the lobby.  Can I offer you a drink, Mr. Hunter?
No, I just had a large lunch, but thank you.
She smiled and sat down opposite him.  Can I call you Hunter?  Im Michelle to everyone around here.
Ah, sure.
Before she could say anything more, the door opened and Aaron Romanoff stepped in.  Hunter recognized him from all the articles hed read on line.
Romanoff extended his hand.  Hi, Im Aaron Romanoff.  Can I join you?
Hunter looked at Michelle.  Absolutely, Congressman.
Call me, Aaron.  Everyone else around here does.  I dont like being kissed-up-to like the rest of the showmen here in Congress.
Hunter smiled at the easy demeanor of the senior Congressman.  Sure, Aaron.  I appreciate the cordiality.
Well, this is Michelles meeting so Ill let her do most of the talking.
She gave a quick nod.  So, Hunter.  You want to talk to us about changing U.S. drug policy, is that right?
Yes.  Ive got some statistics...
Romanoff interrupted.  Dont bother Hunter.  Im already aboard.  Ive been after my colleagues to get a new approach in place, and I gather the Senate guys have added something to the SAC, Senate Appropriations Committee, bill?
Ah, yes, Thats right, sir.
Michele asked.  Hunter, can you get us the language to review?
Yeah.  Ive got it with me, at least as it is in the bill as currently written by the Senate professional staff.
Thats what we need.
He pulled the single page draft from a folder with three lines highlighted.  Michelle took it and opened the side door, asking someone to copy it.
Romanoff said, Okay, Hunter.  We might want to change it a little, but Im sure its better than anything Ive tried before.  Now lets talk about strategy.  Who do you have on this side of the Hill to support it?
I think youre the only one so far, Congressman.  I just started making contact after the SAC did their thing.
Good.  I want to drive this from our side.  Michelle, I want you to take this to the HAC, House Appropriations Committee, staff and get something like it added.
She read it carefully, I think we can improve on it, Aaron.  Hunter, will you work with me on this?  He nodded in agreement, somewhat mystified about how quickly this was evolving.
Romanoff asked, Okay, Hunter.  How about the California delegates?  They need this as badly as we do in Ohio and theres a lot of em.  And again, call me Aaron.
Hunter smiled.  Ah, well, Aaron.  Ive only talked to Congressman Stubbs office and didnt get a warm feeling.
He looked at Michelle, Whos Stubbs?
She responded, Aaron, hes one of the freshmen from San Diego.  He brought his staff mostly with him, and they dont know how to do anything unless the Whip tells them.
Romanoff shook his head remembering.  Yeah.  I know who you mean now.  Hes a flyweight.  Weve got some good friends on the coast.  Mia Percy from San Francisco is a real ball buster and shes been looking for support.  If we can keep the Senate on track, I think we can get the House votes on our side.
The meeting ended a few minutes later with an action plan for Michelle and Hunter to work together building support in the House.  The House has four-hundred thirty-five members and the Senate has one hundred.  In both chambers, a small majority can control the outcome, and Romanoff was king in Hunters mind.  Hed owe Leigh another dinner.
Rendezvous
Safety precautions had to be taken. Neither Pea nor Al-Zeid trusted telephone communications any more than they trusted each other.  You could never be totally secure.  It always excited Pea to arrive at his private hangar at San Jose International.  He owned his plane, which wasnt used for drug smuggling.  It was only for his personal executive status and ego.  When his limousine drove onto the airport, people watched with envy as he boarded without any security delays and could be airborne in three minutes.
His pilot had been instructed to fill the fuel tanks in case they had a long flight.  He had no idea where Mojo was taking them, but assumed he would stay within driving distance of his LA home.  Mojo didnt fly unless travelling back east.  There were thousands of private airstrips throughout Central and Southern California.  Almost every farm of any size had a grassy patch for takeoffs and landings, even if the owner didnt fly.  The text message just said fly down the San Joaquin Valley and call near Bakersfield for destination coordinates.
He had his regular pilot in the left seat and Ramon sitting in the co-pilot seat for protection.  It was a clear day around eleven oclock when his new Citation XLS took the runway and accelerated, taking to the air in only fifteen hundred feet.  Its cabin was tall enough for Pea to stand, but Ramon had to stoop at the waist to move around.  He could not sit in the front for long periods with his massive size.  The XLS is a straight wing design, allowing for slow approaches on short fields when necessary, yet could still cruise near 0.9 mach.
Ramon lay on the couch across from Pea, sleeping while in the air.  The man had no interest in reading or talking, which was one of the reasons Pea trusted him.  Literacy tended to create ambition, and Ramon had only one use in life.  He watched the coastline disappear along the right side of the airplane as they reached twenty thousand feet crossing over the coastal mountains into the valley framed by the Sierras to the east.  The central valley of California produces over ten percent of Americas agricultural products.  The valley is emerald green as far as anyone can see from the sky, producing grapes (and their by-products), cotton, almonds, citrus, and all types of vegetables. Large groves of oranges, peaches, garlic, and tomatoes spread across vast farms.
Once over the valley, south of Fresno, Pea sent a text message from his phone and received a numeric answer in less than a minute.  He wrote the coordinates on a piece of paper and went forward to the pilots cabin.  The flight computer would find the field.
On the ground, Mojos limousine was driving over the crest of the Grapevine Pass in the Tehachapi Mountains on Interstate Five.  His driver was alone up front, and he had one bodyguard with him.  The vehicle drove smoothly enough that he enjoyed watching a rerun of the Lakers game from the night before.  At the base of the mountain range, the freeway flattened for hundreds of miles of fertile plain.  They took the first exit onto route 166 west toward Maricopa.  There was a private grass airstrip isolated in the middle of a lemon grove where they would meet.  The grove hid more than a hundred acres of cannabis growing between rows owned by Mojo.
Nearing the airstrip, the pilot did several spiral turns at lower altitudes, while Pea and Ramon examined the perimeter carefully.  Finally, the pilot was cleared by Pea to land on the three thousand foot strip, barely long enough to approach safely.  On grass, the pilot used full flaps and engine braking to avoid skidding.  They taxied back to the middle of the runway, parking on the opposite side from the limousine.  After some moments, the plane door opened.  Pea stepped from the plane as Mojo closed the car door, walking alone to mid-field.  It was equally safe or equally dangerous for both men, depending on viewpoints.
Luca extended his hand.  Mojo, my dear friend.  They embraced to check for weapons.  Neither was armed.
Luca, buddy.  Whats happening?  Both men kept moving their heads slightly, watching for anything alarming.  Mojo was almost a head taller than Pea and a physical match would be completely one-sided, but this was a business meeting.
Luca began, Mojo, hows business?
Aint nothin better now, Luca.  Growin bigger each year.
Mine as well, my friend.  We will be encountering each other more frequently soon as we both expand our territories.
I know yous right, Pea.  So, what you gonna do bout it.  You gonna quit and retire, or wait till we have a showdown?
Well, Mojo.  I think we should avoid that.  I want to offer you a proposition.
Mojo smiled.  You mean, lets-make-a-deal kind of proposition?
Precisely.
Okay.  Lay it out.
Luca looked at him.  He had never respected Mojo for his intelligence.  The man was reckless and had just been lucky, avoiding prison.  Pea knew Mojos drugs came through Calexico, away from the high-visibility portals on the Mexican border, but that wasnt the result of superior wisdom, it just happened as a result of his fear of flying farther from LA.  Tijuana was saturated with petty criminals, DEA and Border Patrol.  Calexico was quiet by comparison.  It didnt take a genius to figure it out.
On the other hand, the supply was limited, which Pea could help.  He explained.  Look, Mojo, I import more coke (cocaine) than anyone this side of El Paso. I could bring more.  You have a good distribution chain.  I say lets combine forces.  You guarantee to move my entire product, and Ill give you all my distributors outside Northern California.
Mojo stared at him, thinking.  You mean yous gonna stop competing in Nevada and Arizona and give it to me ifn I buy ever thing you bring in?
Something like that, yeah.
Whats the catch?
There isnt any.  Youre good at distribution, and Im best at shipping supply.  Its a good match.
Whos the boss?
You and me, both.  I dont want to know anything about your business, and you wont know how I get the goods.  Its a perfect match.
Mojo seemed skeptical.  He didnt like being manipulated.  Hows do I know I can trust you?
Look, Mojo.  Why would I betray you?  I make a good buck moving the big shipments, and theyll only get bigger with our territories under your control.  Ill get more deals from the producers in South America, and the Mexicans cartels will get less.  Thats all.
Mojo stood silent for a moment, then said, Sounds okay, Luca.  How do I know I can trust you?
He answered.  How do I know about you?  Its pretty simple really.  Once were mutually dependent, I dont have distributors, and you need me for all your supply.  That insures our cooperation.
Hows do I know yous wont cheat me?  I dont like bein cheated.  I move my stuff cheapern you.  I could lose my business ifn you raised my cost.
Look, Mojo. I have as much or more to lose if we arent fair.  You can talk to any of my people after we deal, and theyll tell you I never cheat them.  Thats a ticket to the morgue in our business.
Since youll be operating more freely, you can also raise your prices.  Whos gonna compete with you?
You got that right.  Mojo wasnt smiling, but he was looking at Pea seriously.
Theyd been on the ground long enough.  Pea finished.  You have my proposition.  Let me know in a week if its a deal.
Mojo nodded, In a week.
They both turned without shaking hands and went back to their transports, while bodyguards watched closely.
Questioning
The Eastern Shore of the Chesapeake Basin is mostly farm land characterized by tiny historic towns, with B&Bs, meandering creeks, beautiful natural areas, and delectable blue crabs. Its only connection to the rest of the state and Capitol region is by the Bay Bridge, protecting its isolation.
Laura Malone grew up on the shore of the bay.  Her parents operated a small farm and opened their massive Victorian house for carefully-screened guests as a B & B when the girls, Laura and her older sister, were college age.  Her parents also worked for the Government in Annapolis.  She grew up in a tranquil environment, free of most concerns.  The schools were small and intimate, but didnt prepare her socially for college.  She nearly panicked when entering her first lecture hall with more than a hundred students, but she was ahead in most subjects and had an easier time than most, achieving top honors.  She graduated summa cum laude.  She was attractive and popular, but avoided many of the wilder aspects of campus life.  Her focus was always on a career, and college was simply a stepping stone.
After graduation, with a degree in accounting, she applied for several positions in Government, hoping to move to the Capitol Region.  The FAA hired her as a GS-7 trainee in their expanding procurement department.  Her parents helped her move into an apartment near the center of Arlington, close to the Orange and Blue Metro Lines.  It was a lively area, near the Courthouse and one of the safest areas with an abundance of young people, entertainment and shopping.  As a country girl, they wanted their daughter to be safe more than anything else.  It was also a great location with direct routing to her office.
She made friends with younger single people at the FAA and immediately started enjoying activities with groups her age.  There were no men she found engaging enough to date, but she had many friends of both sexes.  She had a problem with her boss, Edward Buzz Finney.  Buzz was a fortyish overweight bureaucrat with a shaved head and a scruffy grey-brown goatee.  He was actually shorter than Laura, with a severe Napoleonic complex.  Her first day on the job, Buzz had insisted on spending the day with her and had continued uncomfortably close throughout the next month, tutoring her on her role.  Hed worked in Government procurement for over twenty years, having started as an Air Force enlisted administrator directly out of high school.  He could recite procurement regulations and FAA processes like an encyclopedia, but he was actually of very little professional help.  He always wanted to sit too close to her.  He also enjoyed Korean food for lunch, adding to her discomfort, with the smell of kim chi on his breath.
Several of the girls warned her about Buzzs aggressiveness toward women, but she didnt know how to push back.  She finally talked to her mother, thinking that she might have to resign.  She hated the repulsive little man.  Every girl in the department hated him, and most of the Administrators were women.  She had been there almost a month when Buzz slid close enough to rub his thigh against hers.  She squirmed away, but other body parts came into contact.  He rubbed his thigh against hers saying, You know, Laura, Im an excellent cook.  I make sushi and crepes and elegant sea food.  I know youd love it.  We should start hanging together outside work.  We could really work on accelerating your career.  She nearly vomited and pushed him away.  He had a horrified look on his face as she stormed off to the personnel office.  Shed had enough of his harassment.  It would be bad enough if the man had any attractive qualities, but he was repulsive in every respect.
A short time later, he was alone in his office when a Human Resources representative closed his door and spent an hour investigating allegations of sexual harassment.  Several other girls were asked to come to HR for private interviews.  Laura was given two days off with pay, then was called to meet with the head of Human Resources.  At that meeting, she was told that the investigation had concluded that she was correct, and Mr. Finney had engaged in inappropriate actions toward her.  In fact, they had found several cases when some of the other women related their experiences.  They had been afraid to come forward until they were questioned individually.  She was told that Finney had been suspended temporarily, pending disciplinary action.  In the Government, this meant that he could be terminated.
There was an alternative solution that would be considered, but only if she agreed that it was acceptable to her under the circumstances.  Finney had never participated in any form of Gender Sensitivity training, even though it had become mandatory for all supervisors.  Scheduling slots in the programs was voluntary, and it was up to the individual to fulfill the requirement in a reasonable time after promotion to supervisory positions.  No one monitored this requirement, and it was common for them to be overlooked altogether.  So, the option was that Finney could be terminated after twenty-five years of Government service, including his military time, or he could take the course and be monitored under probation for three years.  He would also be prohibited from holding closed-door meetings with female subordinates.  It was up to Laura to agree to the latter course.
She didnt like Buzz, but she also didnt want to be responsible for his termination.  Hed never actually touched her in any private area.  She accepted the re-training option and felt good about her decision.  She didnt want to hurt anyone.  Three weeks later, Buzz Finney resumed his managers roll, but kept his distance from all the women.  Laura was a hero in her department.
Soon after the incident with Finney was settled, she met Hunter over the phone.  He was new with the Border Patrol in San Diego, which she supported.  Neither he, nor Laura, knew much about Government Acquisition, so they struggled through several small purchases together and started a cyber-friendship.  Even though he was a few years older, they were both starting new careers and sharing some of the same challenges adapting to tight procurement procedures.
Hunter had been wounded as a Navy SEAL and was convinced to quit the Navy by his sister.  The Border Patrol was hiring, and he found the transition from one uniform service to another easy.  He liked the Border Patrol, but missed the toys, the equipment, the Navy teams were issued.  Laura heard his complaints as he worked through the procurement system to buy some of the basic equipment he was authorized to have, such as a Kevlar vest and GPS receiver.  She not only learned how to function as a buyer, she learned a lot about the man.  When he was moving to Washington, both of them were anxious and apprehensive, at the same time, about finally meeting in the flesh.
She was overwhelmed when they first met.  He was tall, handsome, and commanding, but she knew he was also a very caring person, always sensitive to her feelings and moods.  He was also smitten.  Laura was a few years younger, pretty and unpretentious.  Their friendship deepened quickly.  After a year together in Washington, they were both in love and committed to each other.
But the trip to California had frightened her.  His brother-in-law had been murdered.  The whole family was photographed by some dangerous person with a gun.  Then Sue Ann was kidnapped and almost murdered.  There were threats made, and Hunter was concerned about her safety.  This all combined to scare her.  She didnt question her love for him, but the danger element threatened to alter their relationship.  Laura wasnt an adventurous person and needed a fair amount of nurturing.  Hunter liked this about her and was an ideal protector, but now, now there was someone tangible making threats about killing his family.  She might be included in the mix.
She was nervous occasionally, especially after dark.  Hunter wanted her to move in with him, but she wanted to prove to herself that she wasnt going to be intimidated.  He called her frequently, and they spent most of their free time together, yet she still felt the necessity to live her life and make decisions as she chose to, not through fear.  She wanted to be able to take care of herself.
Before leaving work at six-thirty, she called him as planned.
He said, So, are you still planning to come over to my place for dinner?
Yep.  Do I need to pick anything up from the store?
No.  I think Ive got it all set.
She asked, Hunter, could you teach me some self-defense?
He understood her anxiety.  Laurie, I can teach you some things that will surprise most attackers, if you want.
You mean like Karate?
Sort of.  We dont really label in the military, its just a combination of a lot of things.  How are you dressed?
Im casual today, loose jeans and a blouse.
Good.  Come on over, and well eat, then wrestle around in my living room.
She smiled to herself.  Just self-defense, at least to start.
Thats what I meant. He was smiling, too.
Reconciled
Saturday morning, Sue Ann was having morning tea with Claire.  Shed been staying in Sacramento for over a week, and it was time to go home.
Claire said, You know cous, its nice having another adult here.  I dont want you to leave until youre good and ready.  Its also nice having a teacher around to help the kids with their homework.
Suzy smiled and put her hand on Claires.  I know you would keep me, Claire, but I cant be scared forever.  Its time to go back.  Mom and Dad will meet me in Santa Clara (her apartment) and help me clean up after the police went through it.  I just bet the refrigerator is crawling away.
Well, sweetheart, I just want you to feel you can be here any time for as long as you want.
I know, Claire.  I really like it here and appreciate it.  The school has been great too and told me to take as much time as needed.  But to tell you the truth, I need to get back to work.  I just get depressed hiding out.  Besides, I dont think lightning will strike twice on me.
I hope youre right, Suzy.
Itll be okay.  I talked to my landlord.  I think hes got a crush on me.  Anyway, he put in super deadbolts and re-keyed my place.  He even put in a security system for me and is paying for the monitoring service himself.  He even put cameras in the parking area.  Ive got the safest place in the Bay Area now.
Well, I hope so.
Sue Ann packed her new BMW and waved goodbye to everyone around ten oclock.  She claimed the car was her one indulgence on a teachers salary.  Once on the interstate, she called Hunter.
He saw her number, Hey.  How you doing, kid?
Im good, Hunt.  Whats that sound in the background?
Laurie and I are on the Mall listening to the country bands trying to outdo each other.  Great day for a little shit-kickin music and barbecue.
Say hi to your girl for me.
I will.  So, where are you?  You still at Claires?
Im driving home to San Fran.
You feel okay, Sue Ann?
Im fine, Hunt.  I actually feel like I beat death.  Its exhilarating!
Yeah, well.  Just dont go forgetting to be careful for now on until we fix this thing.
Ill be careful, cous.  And kiss Laura for me.  It sounds like the bands are going ballistic.
Yeah.  Were right in the middle of it.
Okay.  Take care.
Bye, hon.
The night before, Hunter and Laura had worked on some self-defense techniques.  Hunter also gave her a whistle and would buy pepper spray this weekend.  She would stay with him until Sunday night.
Her training went extremely well.  She was a swimmer and had impressive flexibility and balance.  She caught on instantly to some of the things he showed her, such as breaking holds and incapacitating a man.  He could sense her self-confidence as they walked in the crowds around the massive park between the monuments and the Smithsonian.  
Its really beautiful here today, Hunter.  Im glad you thought of coming down.
Yeah.  Its really special here, a lot different than California.
Do you miss it?
Yeah, kinda.  Mostly, I just would like to be closer to my family right now.  You know what I mean?
Yes, I do.
He wrapped his arms around her waist and turned her to face him.  But, I wouldnt have met you either.  They kissed.
Do you think you could ever stay here, Hunt?
He didnt want to answer too quickly.  For you I would, but I dont know what Id do for a living.  They started walking again, holding hands.
You could be a lobbyist.  Youre pretty good at it.
No, Im not.  I get my guidance from someone who really knows what shes doing.  Besides, I feel like an influence peddler.
A slight smile appeared on her face.  Thats what I mean.  Youre a good influence peddler.
Well, I dont think its what Im cut out for in the long run.  Claire asked me to do it, and Im here doing it.
You dont sound sure.
He stopped and looked at her.  Laurie, I want to be where you are.  Thats it, pure and simple.
She smiled quickly then turned to keep walking without saying anything.
Evidence
Monday morning, Kasey McDougal was in her office on Golden Gate Avenue, reading emails on their secure network.  The crime-lab report was completed for Jos Riveras Mercedes.  She read it in detail then sent a copy to John Richards in Sacramento.
He called her half an hour later.
Hi, Kasey.  Interesting report.  Your guys are good.  I didnt think anything would be left after the sea creatures worked over the car for two years.
Yeah, John. So, what do think is the most interesting?
Hmm, Im still reading, but Im surprised that his wallet was intact, nothing apparently taken.  His money, credit cards, drivers license.  They were all there.
She commented.  Did you see what they found under the algae?
He paused.  Yeah.  It says there was a grid pattern etched through the paint leaving a distinctive oxidation (rust) pattern.  The lab experimented with three hours of low vibration, simulating a fishing boat under power, and concluded that the car was under more than four tons of netting.  The netting weave dimensions were calculated.
John sat back with his headset connected to his phone.  Hey.  It gets better.  The undercarriage of the car has distinctive creases along the under-side of the rear door sills, and the tailpipe is crushed in the middle, presumed to be caused when the cars rear wheels rolled over the stern of a ship, and it teetered before being pushed overboard.  The lab was able to compute the curvature of the ships stern. They even gave a drawing.  Theres even some paint residue on the undercarriage that is a marine-grade black paint.
John, do you know what this means?
Yeah. I think so, Kasey.
She added. All right.  We cant say anything.  Were building a case and I dont want any leaks to scare away the killer.
It wont come from me, Kasey.
John was not told that the FBI had initiated passive monitoring (wiretap) of cellphone calls from Peas registered phone.  Unfortunately, he only used it for family calls, not business.  Kasey had tried to get court permission using the new technology to activate the microphones on Peas registered phone in order to listen to conversations that take place near him, but her request was denied after several weeks because the National Security Agency would not authorize use of the technology for evidence in open court.
Pea frequently communicated with dealers over the internet for voice and data communications using online encryption tools.  So far, the FBI had been unable to break these coded messages.  The FBI had been watching Peas ships for a couple years and had hundreds of surveillance photos.  The largest ship, the Ocean Wanderer, had been gone for weeks, but Sea Fury was in port, recently returned from a fishing trip, and Ocean Queen was in port frequently, only used for local coastal fishing.  As the smallest of the fleet, the Queen was the most likely candidate to have dropped the Mercedes close to the island cliffs.
From previous surveillance photos, Kasey had a technician verify the netting and stern geometry of the Queen.  Unfortunately, the resolution wasnt enough to verify the net gauge, and the stern was partially covered by the stacked net.  The ship had just finished a two-year overhaul period in the shipyard, where the hull was sandblasted and repainted.  It wasnt possible to verify the paint sample taken from Joss car.
That evening, Luciano Pea was in his office late, monitoring a delivery from Wanderer to his distribution team in Los Angeles, who would hold the shipment until he completed the deal with Mojo.  Wanderer had been fishing off the coast of Chile until the hold was full, then stopped in Nicaragua for twenty thousand kilos of cocaine, costing him more than thirty million dollars.  The loading and unloading process was a masterpiece of engineering.  When Pea attended Berkeley, he read about the Hughes Glomar Explorer deep recovery ship, which was launched in 1974 to secretly recover a sunken Russian submarine for the CIA.  This gave Pea the idea for installing chambers below the freezer holds on Wanderer and Fury.  In Nicaragua, several rugged containers were lowered at night by a barge in a deep cove near Puerto Sandino. The containers held pure cocaine compressed into blocks and sealed with heavy paper dipped in sealing wax.  The following night, Wanderer used its ASK (Auto Station Keeping) System, copied from the Glomar Explorer, to position above the containers and divers secured them to cables from inside the hull, raised them and then massive hydraulic systems closed the clamshell bottom of the hull, securing the load.
Wanderer was intercepted by a U.S. Customs Boat off San Diego after dawn and cleared into American waters.  The first stop was at the Port of San Pedro, in Los Angeles harbor.  It was after dark as the captain skillfully maneuvered down Berth Row and docked opposite one of the large cranes used to lift pallets of processed frozen fish and other cargo from the holds.  These cranes worked around the clock and could move up and down the row of moored ships on railway tracks.  The captain had called ahead, and there was a large refrigerator truck waiting for Wanderers catch.  While part of the crew managed the offloading process, two men worked below decks, setting the illicit load on the harbor floor below the ship with floats attached that would mark the pickup cable.  U.S. Fish and Game inspectors made random inspections along the dock when ships came in, so the valuable containers would sit on the bottom until it was safe to pull them up for loading in oversized dump trucks that would arrive after the fish truck and inspectors were gone.  This was the only time Pea worried.  The ship wouldnt move until everything was quiet on the dock.  Once the ship pushed sideways away from the birth with its water jets, the floats came to the surface, showing the cranes where to hook the cargo for lifting into the trucks.  It could all be done in less than three minutes.
Luca held the ship captain responsible for the loading operation on the dock.  He threatened the crew with extermination if the drugs were captured.  Hed never lost a shipment, but it could happen if anyone squealed.  The only way to prevent it was to threaten total extermination of every mans family by torture if they talked.  Pea risked his ships, his business, and his family with each delivery.  For this, he received a large return on his investment.  His crews were paid extremely well.
Around ten oclock, he received a text message from the captain, Fish delivered to San Pedro, departing for Monterey.  If he had not received the message before midnight, he would have gathered his family at the airport and departed immediately for Mexico.  He had several millions of dollars in foreign accounts and could retire at any time.  He didnt want to risk being caught and would flee if anything signaled a problem.  This was also the concern of the FBI.  He called his wife.
Luciano Pea had met Melanie Millbury at Berkeley, where shed majored in political science and had had plans to become an activist attorney for human rights.  Pea mesmerized her.  Her family lived in Chico, California, where her father was a logger, and her mother worked in a bakery.  Both scraped by for years to pay for Mel to attend college, and she rewarded them academically by qualifying for admission to Californias flagship university.  Pea brought the promise of wealth from his old San Francisco linage.  They were married in 1992 when they graduated.  Mel never did go to law school and she worked at various white collar entry jobs until she got pregnant with their son, Luke, in 1996.  She didnt need to work, but she wanted to be active outside the home until the children came along.  In 2000, their daughter, Shannon, was born.  Peas business began skyrocketing, and they moved to their mansion that same year.
Mel never questioned Pea about rumors of drug trafficking, and she accepted that armed guards were necessary to protect the family.  They werent the only wealthy Californians with bodyguards.  She never asked Pea about his business.  If some of her friends insinuated anything, she simple replied that fishing had become incredibly lucrative under Peas educated leadership.  They were a model couple and a model family.  She didnt care much for Peas constant attention seeking and public appearances.  He liked the flattery in the limelight, but she wanted a quiet life.  Pea had been good to her, if not entirely loyal.  He was away one or two nights every week, and she had found indications that he was philandering, but her life was otherwise full and happy with the children, and Pea had even taken care of her parents in their retirement.  He had a good heart, even if it opened too widely occasionally.
Congress Action
Hunters phone rang just as he finished showering after his morning workout. Brian Collie was hyper.  Hunter, Ben Willis was just down here from Senator Blithes office.  He demanded to see the draft bill, specifically the drug legalization language.
Is it a problem, Brian?  He neglected to say that hed seen Willis the week before.
I dont know, Hunter.  Senator Blithe doesnt get involved in much lately, and shes not even on the committee.  Her EA came in here like he owned the place.  Hunter had a mental image of Willis acting like he was in uniform with his positional authority.
Look, Brian.  I know Willis.  Hes even rougher around the edges than I am.  Hes a military intern, trying to learn the ropes.
Well, he needs to learn that Blithe doesnt run the Appropriations Committee!  She gets one vote on the floor, and thats it.
I think shes an ally, Brian.  Im only guessing, based on my own military time that Willis thinks hes been given an order.  Hes just doing what his boss says.  In the long run, maybe shell get some others to support it.
Hunter.  Shes been around here a long time.  Shes a wild card.  I cant imagine an old-line legislator suddenly shifting off a thirty-year policy.  She could do some real damage if she calls in chips from her cronies.  These guys keep markers forever.
Hunter decided it would jeopardize the relation with Brian if he disclosed his discussion with Willis and Leighs discussion with the Senator.  He couldnt afford to have his link to the committee staff cut off.  He advised, Look, Brian.  Ill do some snooping around.  If I find anything out, Ill tell you.
Thats what I was hoping, Hunter.  Youve got more latitude than I do.  While you do that, Im bringing it up with the Chairman.
Hunter cringed that someone would get cold feet.  You do that, Brian.  Ill get on this and call you when I find anything out.
Hunter hated to lie.  He knew what was happening and hed just lied outright to Brian.  Hed witnessed the political shell games since he got to Washington.  He hated it.  It was the main reason he had doubts about staying there.
Hed also lied to Laura, at least hed hidden the truth, which was the same thing to him.  He hadnt been honest with the girl he loved.  He had come within an inch of asking her to marry him over the weekend, but had held back.  He knew he needed to tell her about his plans.
Hunter had gone to college at UC San Diego on a Navy ROTC scholarship.  He would have preferred an Army scholarship, but the best offer at his home school was Navy.  After graduation, he went active, going to Officer Candidate School and was commissioned four months later as an unrestricted line officer, an Ensign.  He was a star athlete in high school and wanted a career that would keep him active and physically fit.  He volunteered for SEAL training, where he excelled.
As a SEAL, he cross-trained with Special Forces from every branch of the military.  He was parachute qualified, expert in underwater demolition, explosives, communications, all forms of weapons, and small team hand-to-hand combat.  From the beginning of his career, hed been involved in special combat missions, most of which were classified and could never be publicized.  He had swum out of submarines, jumped from airplanes and helicopters and done almost everything imaginable in combat as a warrior.  In his last mission, he was wounded by an Rocket Propelled Grenade that nearly killed him from the explosion and he had shrapnel wounds all over his body.  Mercifully, nothing vital was hit, and his head was protected by a helmet, but his body had telltale scars.  He had a slight hearing loss, but nothing noticeable.  Laura sometimes questioned the scars, but he always evaded her.  Hed joke that it was battle damage.  Until the trip to California, she had not taken him literally.
With his long recovery time, the Navy had wanted to transfer him into a classic line officer role to continue his career in the Navy.  SEALs operate outside the mainstream Navy and had limited advancement opportunities.  They just liked the profession.  Having fulfilled his obligated service, and faced with the option of transferring to line duties, Hunter had decided to leave the Navy and join the Border Patrol in his home district, San Diego.  Sometimes, he had missed his SEAL buddies.
Hed grown up near the Mexican border in Southern California with many Mexican friends.  He spoke Spanish.  He looked at the border enforcement role differently than most.  He wanted the Mexican laborers to be treated fairly, with dignity.  He hoped that he could save a few lives on both sides.  He hadnt saved as many as he hoped.  When Jos disappeared and Claire begged him to take over the Washington part of the job, he was ready for a change.  He didnt want Claire going down the same path as Jos.  He had a better chance of survival if attacked than either his sister or brother-in-law.  He also wanted to finally meet Laura.
She complicated things.  She was already in danger just by knowing him.  All he could think was, this job really sucks.  Hed brought her into his life without even thinking about why he took this job.  He hadnt foreseen the risk of collateral damage when he took it, but now there was that threat.  He loved her, but he couldnt protect her all the time.  Drug bosses always seemed to have unlimited resources and could get at anyone.  They got to him through Sue Ann.  Laura was completely defenseless against Pea.  So was he when he thought about it.  His only advantage was a small element of surprise if Pea tried to take him on in a fair fight ... not likely.
He jolted back to reality when his phone rang again.  He mellowed, hearing her voice.  How are you today, sweetheart?
Im good.  Did you work out this morning?
Yep. It felt good, but I had to run in the rain.
Its a common occurrence here.
Yeah, not like California where every days pretty much the same.
She laughed.  Yeah, it is.  So, whats your plan for today?
He smiled.  I dont really have one.
You want to come by the office and see what we do, maybe meet some people?
Id like that.
He could hear the clatter of the Metro train arriving at her station.  She spoke quickly, Come by at noon, then we can have lunch, too.
So, you have an ulterior motive.
Hey, youre the guy with the expense account.  Anyway, gotta go.  Bye.
He smiled just thinking about her.  In fact, he didnt have anything specific planned until he checked his email.  Leigh had sent a message.  Call me ASAP.  HAC issue.
The House Authorization Committee did the same function for members of the House as the SAC did for the Senate.  In an ideal world, both Appropriation Bills would mirror each other and, when approved by the members of both houses, the Senate bill would go to the President for signature.  It never worked that way.  With over five hundred elected politicians all trying to get their piece of pork, the bills often differed greatly.  Then it was up to a small number of House and Senate committee members to meet in conference to hammer out a draft that was acceptable to a majority on both sides.  As Hunter has learned, part of his job was to get agreement between the two staffs on language that wouldnt be an issue at the conference.  He called Leigh.
Whats up?
Hunter, Romanoff is pressing the House committee for the draft language.  You need to get the staffs talking and sharing draft language.
He hated admitting a blatant lack of experience.  I dont know the House side.
She knew hed never met the House staff.  Its not a problem.  Ill set it up.  When are you free?
After two this afternoon.
Ill call you back.
He didnt hear from her again before leaving to meet Laura.  He let the blue line train pass and waited at the Metro station for the yellow line, which was ten minutes behind, but would get him closer to eight hundred Independence Avenue, FAA Headquarters, faster.  The agency operates in a highly regimented and regulated environment.  The procurement department is one of the best trained in Government and makes its services available to other agencies.  Laura was in a section dedicated to supporting the Homeland Security Department (DHS), which was a relatively new organization and lacked some of the administrative functions of older institutions in Washington.  The arrangement allowed for greater economy in Government by using one agencys administrative resources for multiple agencies.
Hunter was seated alone in the forty-foot train car until it reached the Crystal City station.  There, four other people entered and took seats away from each other.  He arrived at Archives station with about a dozen other people and exited alone.  No one followed.
Above ground, it was raining lightly, which felt refreshing in late summer.  Lauras building was a short block away.  He wore a business suit which would be appropriate inside the offices, and in case Leigh called.  Laura met him at the reception desk and was about to take him inside, beyond security, when his phone rang. He recognized Leighs voice.
Hunter, can you be at the Rayburn building at two?
Who do I need to see, Leigh?
Laura politely stood by while he talked with his consultant.
Leigh gave him instructions and also some political insight that would be needed.  He was to meet with Gloria Morrow in room 1051.
Thanks Leigh.  I got it.  Call you later.
He looked at Laura, Sorry. Business.
No problem.  Do we have time for a quick tour?
Yep. We dont need to rush.  Im only two Metro stops away from my two oclock.
They had time for a quick twenty-minute tour of the Procurement Department.  Most of the people were at lunch, so there were no lingering introductions.  The only concession to time was the necessity to eat in the cafeteria.
Tensions about safety had eased after a week of normalcy.  The lingering question between them remained Hunters plans for the future.  Washington is a transient establishment.  Elected officials, civil servants, military, foreign embassies, countless organizations and all the mercurial industrial and service companies that support the Government are constantly changing.  Laura was one of the rare people who actually had roots in the Capitol region.  For her, it wasnt a temporary gig.  She had always intended to fulfill her career and family ambitions with the Government in DC.
Hunter, on the other hand, typified the majority of people who came to Washington as a building block in their careers.  Most of these people lasted two to four years before they left.  He was typical.  He didnt have any strong reason for being there except to protect his sister until something happened, pro or con, to drug policy.  With the massive violence in the Southwest, growing national debt and general dissatisfaction with Government leadership on all levels, something would have to change in the drug policy.  No one expected the status quo to continue.  Hunters immediate mission would end at some point when California no longer needed a dedicated liaison on the subject.
He and Laura knew his job could evaporate soon, certainly before the end of the fiscal year in September.  Hunter could be leaving Washington in less than two months, unless he decided to stay, most likely as a junior Government-relation or marketing representative for some company.  He would hate it.  Laura knew he would be miserable in a corporate job.  Their love would only sustain them for so long.  It would be a big hurdle if she didnt follow him.  It was a mental tug-of-war that needed to be resolved.  She knew Hunter was struggling with asking the question.  He knew it, and so did she.  The threats on his family had sidetracked them, but the concern had mellowed slightly after a few quiet days.
The cafeteria was immense, and they were able to get a private table together far away from others.  They smiled and held hands off and on before Hunter said, Say. I want to take you out for a special dinner this weekend.
It was the signal she had been expecting. I may have to work.
Laurie.  You dont have to work until you drop.  Work in the morning, and we can have dinner late if you want.  Its important.
She took a deep breath.  Id like that, Hunter.  She knew that important could mean a couple different alternatives.  From his smile, she expected him to propose, and she didnt know if she would accept what he had to say.
Hunter left shortly after eating.  He hadnt planned to frame the weekend invitation quite so conclusively.  Something in his mind was pushing him to the point that hed been avoiding.  It felt amazingly exhilarating, and he almost ran to the Capitol, even though he had plenty of time to spare.  He was also terrified.  Had he just told her that he planned to propose?  That decision was central to his plans for a future with Laura, but the reality scared him.  What was his plan for the future?  He needed to crystalize his thoughts before Saturday.
The weather was cloudy but rain-free as he walked the seven blocks to the Rayburn House Office Building beside the Capitol.  The rain had knocked some of the humidity down, which was welcomed in late summer.  Most of his peer lobbyists would take a taxi, but Hunter still enjoyed the ambience and mystic appeal of walking through the Mall area toward the Capitol.  He had the time.  He was still a newcomer to Washington, but so were a third of the Congressmen.  It was a humbling thought that laws were being decided by freshmen, but maybe thats the way the Founding Fathers intended laws to be made.  We needed more new blood.  The phenomenon of the professional politicians that now filled senior positions on the Congressional Committees was never anticipated when the nation was formed.  It was one reason that real courage was so hard to find among the newer generation of politicians.  Hunter saw it every day.  People now came to Washington to be long-term employees, not as a higher calling to represent the needs of the nation.  He valued the insight he had gained, but was often discouraged by the system at the same time.  This dichotomy was something he would have to resolve before Saturday.
After losing himself in self-examination, he nearly walked past the entrance of the building on Independence Avenue.
Laura returned to her office feeling nervous with anticipation about an important dinner with Hunter.  She had several days to think about her possible responses, but it wouldnt help.  She needed to solidify her own feelings and plans.  Unless Hunter was sending the wrong message, she would need to make some hard decisions, fast.  They had invested two years together, and after Saturday their relationship could be heading toward marriage, or over.  There was no such thing as just friends at this point.  She could call her mother, but wanted to lean on someone more neutral.  She didnt have any close personal friends, not the kind she could trust with her emotions.  She needed to decide this on her own.  She felt a headache coming.
Inside the Rayburn Building, Hunters instruction was to call Gloria Morrow, on the HAC professional staff.  He went to the information desk and used a courtesy phone to call.  She told him to wait in the lobby instead of coming to her office.  He wandered around reading some of the framed documents that most people ignored for ten minutes before she arrived.
From his first impression of Gloria, he knew this woman was all business.  She was older than most of the other staffers on the hill.  Obviously, she wasnt using the position to catapult into something else.  She carried a portfolio with lined legal-sized paper.  She was mid-forties, five-three and stocky, which is not something a man would use to describe most women, but it seemed to fit in this case.  She had a cold dry grip when they shook hands, then she immediately led him away to one of the huge, unused committee rooms down the first-floor hallway.  It felt odd to him, sitting in a room large enough for a big wedding reception.  She was not taking him to her office.  She didnt offer refreshments, nor ask him anything off subject.
Mr. Kohl, Im pleased that you stopped by.  My boss got a call from Ms. Bryant, whom I assume is your boss?
No, maam.  Leigh is a consultant for the State of California.  I work directly for the state.  She knows how things are done in Washington, and I use her as an advisor.  She suggested that I talk to you and helped me make the appointment.  He couldnt tell if she was perturbed by meeting with him or just disagreeable.  People in Washington learn to avoid expressing their true impressions.
Tell me, Mr. Kohl, how can I be of service?
Well, Ms. Morrow. I work with a Department in the California State House that is interested in revisions to the current Federal drug control policies and would like to see changes that would legalize and regulate milder drugs, Marijuana and Cocaine, for example.
She snickered, Something we might expect from California.
He was taken aback.  Look, maam, Ive been on the front line of the War on Drugs.  My sponsor lost her husband, murdered, over this issue.  No one I know gives a fig about drug use.  None do it.  This is about thousands of people dying each year, some trying to smuggle drugs and others fighting in gangs in our cities.
Mr. Kohl, do you have any idea how many kids would suffer through easy access to drugs?  Ive seen the statistics.
Hunter had seen them, too.  He wondered what experience lingered in her background that was so polarizing.
Ms. Morrow, we would hope that regulating legal sales and more funding for education and treatment would save more children than the situation that exists today.  We could spend far less in money and lives and quadruple the social programs to stop the drug epidemic, if we could legislate an end to the War on Drugs.  The war isnt solving anything.
Im sure you are aware, Mr. Kohl, that we on the staff only work under the direction of the elected committee members and dont make policy.
Yes, maam.  I know what you do.  Im just here to provide my services any way possible.
What can you give us?
I work on both sides of the hill and work closely with the Senate staffers.  Im sure you know that theyre drafting language for a change in policy in their Appropriations Bill.
She responded scornfully.  We were recently told to put something into the HAC bill also.
Romanoff had gotten to the staff.  Ms. Morrow, you probably know Brian Collie on the SAC professional staff?
She sneered.  Hes one of those new wiz kids from an Ivy school.  I know who he is, but havent ever spoken to him.
Hunter was starting to recognize the enmity she felt.  She probably started in some low-level job and had to fight her way into up, maybe to a job she couldnt really handle.  Her personality was her worst enemy; she seemed to have a chip on her shoulder about something.  She could have been having a bad day, but probably not.  He said, Maam, if it would help, I have a copy of the SAC draft language if youd like to see it.
Were you told by Collie to give this to me?
No, maam.  I just thought it would make your job easier if the members wanted something that wouldnt scrub at the conference.
She took the draft from him and scanned it quickly.  This isnt good language for a bill.  What if I draft something different?
Maam, Im just here to help, and to monitor things for the state.  He was hoping that complete honesty might help defrost her.
I dont think this is well-worded.
Ms. Morrow.  If you have something better to offer, I would be happy to help sell it across the hill.
She was offended.  Thats my job.  You dont work for the Government, Mr. Kohl.  As far as Im concerned, youre just another parasite we all pay for in things we buy.  I dont like lobbyists, Mr. Kohl, messing around in our business.
Well, maam.  As far as I know our business is the business of the people.  I represent the people of California, and you could consider me to be a watchdog for those people.
Well, Mr. Kohl, we can certainly disagree there.
He knew how to control his temper, but also knew it was time to leave, fast before this disintegrated further.  Ms. Morrow, heres my card.  I can be of service if you choose to let me help you.  Otherwise, at least youll know whos stirring the pot.
We dont need any outside interference, Mr. Kohl.
Well, Im sorry maam, thats what the good people of California sent me here for.  Im going to be building up support with the members on our behalf.  I thought youd like to know that Im out there.
The meeting ended when she closed her notebook.  His card was thrown loosely inside her papers, probably to be lost.
He didnt offer to shake hands and walked out ahead of her.  There was no reason for disingenuous courtesies at this point.  Outside the building, walking toward the Capitol South Metro Station, he called Leigh to report.
She asked, Howd it go.
He half smiled.  Shes a real ball buster, Leigh.
I dont know her.  Shes been a minor scribe for the staff for a long time.  There are people like that in Government who have perpetual grudges.  They forget that Government jobs are supposed to be earned through merit and fairness.
I dont know what shes gonna do Leigh.
Did you give the SAC language to Romanoff?
Yes.  Hed given it to Michelle Hicks, which amounted to the same thing.
Good.  Your new friend Ms. Morrow will do whats shes told, or shell find herself back in the steno pool.  Romanoff doesnt take any grief from staffers, unless shes really attractive.
He chuckled as he walked.  Leigh.  Im shocked that you could say that.
She laughed.  Yeah.  Ive been reading about Romanoffs exploits since you were in grade school.  Hes come close to ethics sanctioning more than once.  He actually got accused of statutory rape with an intern a few years ago, but she got promoted to some other Congressmans office with her parents consent.  Mostly, he stays above legal age, but the guy will jump anything sexy.  It sounds like Ms. Morrow is safe.
Shes more than safe, Leigh.
Good, then shell do whats shes told.  Check in with Romanoffs office in a few days.
Okay.  Thanks, I gotta go.  Im heading underground.
On the west coast, Luciano Pea was preparing his acceptance speech as the first elected president of the San Francisco Commercial Fishermen's Association.  It was a sham to him, but it was important to maintaining the veneer over his true enterprise.  He was alone in his office with the door closed.  His young assistant, Roxanne, was sitting behind her desk outside his door, trying to ignore stares from Ramon and another guard.  She was not hired for her administrative skills.  Pea had other needs that werent always satisfied at home.  She knew his special pleasures, but the two animals sitting across from her terrified her.  She knew they would never touch her as long as Pea was pleased.  Shed asked him before to have them stay away, but they were still there.  She tried to appear busy, shopping online at her computer when the phone rang.
She used the intercom to announce. Luca, its Senator Jenson, calling for you.  Jenson was the California ranking member of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard.
Luca answered, Senator, how are things on the Committee?
Theyre fine, Luca.  Were busy doing the peoples work trying to keep the oceans open for my good friends in the fishing industry in California.
Well, we appreciate your good work, Senator.
Thank you, Luca.  Im told you were elected President of the SFCFA  did I get that right?
Thats correct, Senator.
Okay, Luca, I have one other piece of information.  That draft language floating in the SAC bill about the drug policy revision is gaining support in the HAC.
That is interesting, Senator.
Yes, I thought you should know, Luca.
I appreciate that, Senator.
You are indeed welcome, my friend.
The call ended, and Pea now had a large problem.  It was one thing to craft a bill for publicity and media exposure in order to have it killed through public outrage.  But now, with bipartisan support, it might have a chance of making it into law.  Something had to be done.
He yelled, Roxanne.  Get me the Mayor.
The Major of San Francisco was elected mostly because Pea contributed huge amounts of money to his campaigns and to high-visibility projects where the Mayor got publicity at ribbon cuttings.  Pea also provided clandestine rendezvous with his special lady friend.  Pea only shared her with the Mayor.
Roxanne came to his door, being sure to look sexy in her miniskirt and see-through blouse.  The Mayor went home from work, Luca.
He let out a frustrated shrug, Roxanne, I dont care if you have to pull him out of the mens room.  Call his cell phone.  Call him at home.  Tell him I want to talk to him  now!
She huffed, but did as she was told.  Moments later, the Mayor was on the line.
Mr. Mayor, how are you?
Im fine, Luca.  Its delightful to hear from you.  Im heading for LA in less than an hour.  He was in the back of a black limousine being driven through San Francisco traffic toward the airport.
Mr. Mayor, Id like to ask a favor of you.
Sure, Luca, anything.
Id like you to call your Congressmen friends and find something out for me.
What would you like to know, Luca?
I heard that the Senate Appropriations Committee is preparing language to legalize drugs.
I heard something like that too, Luca.
Yes.  Well Mr. Mayor, could you find out who on the House side is supporting this?
Well, sure, Luca.  That shouldnt be a problem.  Ill make some calls tonight.
Thank you, Mayor.  Have a safe flight to LA.
Surveillance
Ocean Queen departed her berth on Pier 26, directly under the Oakland Bay Bridge at three oclock in the morning with the receding tide.  The new captain, Pete Korb, was a convicted felon who had spent most of his youth smuggling small amounts of marijuana from Mexico to Southern California.  He began when he was in high school with an old eighteen-foot runabout that was given to him by his uncle when the uncle went to jail.  His father had been murdered over some labor dispute with the local painters union before he could remember him.  Pete didnt bother going back to high school in Oceanside after he made his first trip to Mexico in the small boat.  Hed risked his life at seventeen out of youthful ignorance with complete disregard of the danger.  He drove the boat to Ensenada with another dropout, using a fifty horsepower Evinrude motor he bought from a local reseller who had obviously stolen it.  All of the trips in this boat could have ended disastrously in numerous ways, with bad sea conditions, boat failures or pirates.  The criminals on both the selling and buying end of the journey were capable of murdering him for any number of reasons, or no reason at all.
Pete learned the smuggling trade before his classmates entered their senior year.  That year, he scrapped the old boat and bought a new thirty-foot SeaRay with extended-range fuel tanks and twin three-hundred horse motors.  It could cruise leisurely over thirty knots all the way to Cabo San Lucas on one load of fuel.  In a sprint, it could hit sixty.  By refueling, he could get all the way to Central America.
By the time he was twenty, he had three boats and crews that he had trained.  He handled all the money transactions but let others take the risks on the ocean.  Life was good for Pete for almost five years, until his boats were seized in a DEA sting operation, and the crews pleaded out against him.  He spent ten years of his long sentence at San Quentin Prison, learning to survive with murderers and other career felons.  He entered as a young man and quickly learned to take care of himself.  One man tried to rape him and found out, before dying, how adrenalin and sheer terror could transform a youthful young body into a killing machine.   The attacker slipped on the shower floor and Pete slammed his heel into his temple then stood on his throat until the mans pulse quit.  The attacker could probably have been revived, but the other inmates didnt particularly care.  No one was ever identified for killing the man.
Ramon Vasquez and Pete got acquainted in prison.  Ramon got Pete the job on Peas boat.  As an ex-con drug smuggler, Pete had no other prospects.  After four years, he learned to captain the big ships and was eager to take command of the Queen.  Of course, his first night on the job, dumping his predecessor into the sea, was a reminder of what Pea did to people when he was unhappy.
The early morning departure was standard operating procedure for the Queen.  It would leave port early in the week, fish along the northern California coast as far north as Portland then return at the end of the week, usually with a full hold of fish.  Pete was an experienced boatman when he went to prison, but he had learned to navigate and operate the nets on the job since he was freed.
At dawn, ten miles west of Point Reyes, the huge trawl net began unrolling over the stern of the ship.  It took ten minutes to un-reel almost half a mile of nylon fish net.  Side plates were deployed to widen the mouth, and the ship maintained a steady three knots forward, essentially standing still against the current.
Queen was the oldest of the fleet and was not converted for drug smuggling.  It had the latest equipment for fishing.  On deck it had Gilson winches and net drums to control the trawling cables.  Inside the wheel house, Queen had the latest contemporary electronics, including navigation and communication equipment, sonar, and net control electronics. All controls were laid out conveniently around the captains chair. Navigation aids included GPS, auto pilot and long-range radar.  They had the latest UHF and VHF radios and an automated maritime distress system. 
Net controls used acoustic sensors which measure the depth and opening of the net.  During trawling operations, a range of trawl sensors communicated a virtual image of the net superimposed above the sea floor on a color monitor.  These net sounders showed information about fish concentrations at the opening.  The catch sensors told how full the net was with fish.  Overall, the ship was a marvel of technology assuring the optimum use of men and machine.
The sun was just dawning over the coastal mountains when Pete relaxed with a cup of coffee.  Deploying the nets takes precision and coordination from the crew.  The ships work was supervised by a few experienced men with disdain for the law and could keep their mouths shut, but most of the crew were major felons that would do anything for money.  They werent really commercial fishermen at all, but they could follow orders from the few professionals.  Pete didnt know most of these men, but they didnt really work for him anyway.  With that relationship he usually observed them from the bridge, avoiding conversation and hoping they didnt screw up too badly.  This time, things happened smoothly, so the next few hours would be peaceful while the dragged miles for nets slowly behind, with barely enough speed to offset the southerly current.  He sat back in his chair, relaxing with his feet on the steering console, which was managing itself under autopilot.  About the only thing Pete would do for the several hours was watch for floating debris.
It had been a quiet morning, until the deck foreman came to the bridge.  Hey, Skip, theres a chopper trailing us.  Pete followed him down the ladder to the main deck and could clearly see the helicopter, approaching from behind.  The shiny paint and glass canopy glistened in the morning sun.  Queen didnt have a helipad like the two larger Pea ships, so whoever it was wasnt planning to land.  As it got closer, Pete walked to the stern and stared upward, expecting to see some markings or signaling from the aircraft.  The helicopter was a plain white Bell 206 with a stabilized camera pod underneath.  It hovered about a hundred feet above the stern then moved from one side to the other.  Pete waved his arms, but got no response from the pilot or crew.  The whole encounter lasted only two minutes before the helicopter departed.  He wasnt sure what to make of it.  He went back to the bridge alone, trying to figure out what to do next.
A few hours later, the FBI crime lab issued a report.  Kasey McDougal had an electronic copy before the end of the day.  She decided not to send a copy to John Richards, but called him.
John, we have preliminary analysis that could prove Peas boat, the Ocean Queen, transported Joss car.  The dimensions and shape of the stern appear to be identical to the creases on the car.
What do you mean appears to be identical, Kasey?
We took video from directly above, to get the geometry.  Then we got a good dimensional reference when one of the crew stood on the back.  Hes a known felon, and the lab was able to compute the stern arc dimensions based on that mans height in relation.
So, you gonna execute a warrant to go on the boat?
No.  Not yet.  I need more evidence, involving Pea himself.
How much more?
I dont know, John, but we dont want to have him crawl inside his shell prematurely, or make a run for it.
Union
Luca wasnt in the office when his assistant, Roxanne, called him in his car.  You had a call from a guy named Mohamed Al-Zeid.  He really freaked me out, started coming-on over the phone.
Dont worry about him, Roxanne.  Hes not coming anywhere near San Francisco.  Ill call him, and you can go home, we wont have any play time tonight.  Pea had promised his wife to attend his daughters school play.
He called Mojo.  Hey, whats up?
Mojo replied, We should meet.
They would not discuss business over the phone.  How about Santa Barbara tomorrow, Ill make arrangements.  You be in the area by two oclock, and Ill have someone contact you about the location.  Ill have only my driver (Ramon) with me.  I suggest the same for you.  He didnt tell him to avoid being followed.  There are too many covert ways to track cars that could not be avoided.  Mojo knew it as well.
Luca called Roxanne.  I want you to arrange the best suite at the Biltmore in Santa Barbara.
The union with Mojos operation would be complex.  Pea had his own western distributors that would not work for Mojo.  None of this would be written down.  Even though the risk from his distributors making a deal with the Feds was now Mojos problem, Pea still needed to have an escape plan if Mojo was compromised.  On balance, his physical risks were slightly less with a union, since he wasnt worried about Mojo planting a bomb under his car.  He would sleep well tonight.
Driving toward home, Pea called Senator Jenson late at his home number.  Pea was probably the only constituent who had the Senators home phone number.  It was after ten oclock in Washington, and the Senator did not answer, so he called Jensons mobile number, which Jenson answered on the third ring.  Hello, Senator.  Did I catch you sleeping?  From the background discussions, Pea knew Jenson was at some kind of function.
Why no, my friend.  Let me step outside for a moment.  It struck Pea that Jenson didnt want to acknowledge him by name, although he clearly recognized the voice.  There was a long pause with muted dialogue before he could hear steps on a hard surface, and the background noise faded away.  So, Luca how are you?
Im fine Senator, and how are you?
Oh, Im at one of those obligatory party functions at Congressional Country Club.  Were all conspiring about how to take back the White House.
Well, I know its late, but I just wanted to see if our favorite language is continuing in the draft Appropriations Bill?
Well, Luca.  Not only is it intact, but Senator Blithes staff is nosing around to see whos supporting it.
Can she make a difference?
Well, yes, shes well-connected.  Doesnt campaign for much, but she could be a powerful influence on how this goes.  She wont support it half-heartedly.  Its all or nothing.
Well, lets hope for a favorable outcome, Senator.
Yes, and I had an interesting chat with Congressman Romanoff.  His staff recently called the Senate committee staff about the language in our bill.  It seems that Romanoff wants to raise the issue in the House.
Luca asked.  Whos Romanoff?  I never heard of him.
Oh, hes a darling of the Ohio Delegates, a war hero from Cleveland.  A bachelor with a really colorful lifestyle.  Hes always in the tabloids that the ladies read.  Sometimes the news is good and sometimes scandalous, but hes got a huge popular following no matter what is printed.  He doesnt get any real competition for election in his district and has built up a lot of credits with the members, if you get my drift.  If he gets behind something, he generally gets his way.
Sounds like he could be a powerful ally (problem).  What can we do for (about) him?
Well, Luca.  Hes got a little problem that could probably use your help.
Im always there to help, Senator.
I know you are, Luca.  You see, Aaron Romanoff is being investigated for indecent assault, statutory rape, on one of his Cleveland office interns.  Shes only sixteen.  This could undo him in this years election if the Cleveland DA indicts him.
Well, thats interesting.
Yes, its in all the news here in Washington but doesnt reach the West Coast.  It should be all over the news soon, once the DA files in Cleveland.
Luca said, This all revolves around the girls testimony, I assume?
Yes again, Luca.  Shes the only witness.  She claims to love the Congressman, but her parents are pressing it.  I think they want to extort money from Romanoff while hes running for reelection.
Is the Congressman wealthy?
Not that I know of.
Luca surmised, Interesting. So, Romanoff could influence the House, if he werent distracted with this legal stuff?
Indeed, Luca.  Indeed.
In the cryptic speak of open communications, Pea and the Senator were cautious about revealing their real meanings.  Pea didnt know anything about Blithe.  She wasnt in the news, particularly in California. Romanoff presented another interesting obstacle, but he was home before he could ponder the message from Jenson completely.  His drive to Pacific Heights was only ten minutes from his office.  As usual, Pea did not enter his compound until the front security detail walked to the gate and signaled that it was safe.  It was a routine followed since they had moved to San Franciscos premier luxury community over ten years earlier.
Pacific Heights is the most scenic hilltop area in the city with mansions and huge estates on some of the most expensive real estate in America.  From Peas elevated position, located on five walled acres, they enjoyed views of the Golden Gate Bridge, San Francisco Bay, Alcatraz and the Presidio.  The Heights are situated on a hilltop above the Marina District where his office was located.  The area has two spectacular parks, Lafayette and Alta Plaza, with awesome views of the city and the bay. It was one of the first exclusive areas to be developed during the boom years of the great California gold rush, but it was destroyed and then reconstructed after the 1906 San Francisco Earthquake.  There were massive colorful Victorians, chteaux and mansions.  Several foreign consulates are located in Pacific Heights, and the area's boutiques and nearby restaurants offer the finest cuisine and the most exclusive shopping on the Northern California Coast.  Peas children attended elite pricy private schools near home.
Pea loved his daughter, Shannon, above all other things in life.  He had spoiled her for twelve years, and she adored him in turn.  His son was now boarding at school even though they lived nearby because of his teenage desire for separation from the family.  His wife took great pride in her husbands devotion to his children, even if he wasnt completely faithful to her.  No security personnel were allowed inside the house unless an alarm sounded.  This was their private twelve thousand square foot sanctuary.  His driver parked in front in the center of the circular driveway and opened Peas door in the back. Pea entered the house alone through the massive front door onto a seemingly endless expanse of marble floors and went to the private masters wing where his wife would be completing her glamour rituals.  He would change into more formal clothes for the occasion.  He didnt worry about Blithe, Romanoff or anything to do with his business once inside his house.  It was all about family.  He had long-ago hidden enough wealth off-shore to live in comfort if he needed to depart quickly.  Melanie had full access to these accounts, which also made her more tolerant of his extra-marital flings.  His children had trust accounts that would assure their lifestyles.  
He had only one concern in life.  If the Feds ever convicted him, he would be locked away for life and forfeit much of his traceable wealth.  His exit strategy had many contingency plans, but all centered on his airplane being ready to fly in minutes.  Shortly after buying the mansion, he had a heliport constructed behind it for rapid evacuation.  With all of his well-paid friends in Government, he didnt worry about surprise visits from the FBI.  Even in a secret assault, he would be airborne before anyone could breach his reinforced gates and walls.  His security people were prepared to defend any kind of ground attack.  The security measures were overdone, but it was one of the reasons he slept soundly each night when he was home.  His only vulnerabilities were the nights he stayed out with his female friends.
Melanie had driven Shannon to the school earlier and was sitting impatiently in their bedroom, waiting for her husband, who was behind schedule.  She rushed past him without speaking when he entered.  He was obviously in trouble for being late.  He changed quickly and they arrived at the school just in time for opening curtain.  She was irritated because the only remaining seating was in the back rows.  Shannon had the supporting actress role of Diana Barry in the play, Anne of Green Gables.  Stage lighting prevented Shannon or any of the cast from seeing anyone in the audience, so she wouldnt know her parents were not up front where they should have been.  Five minutes into the Second Act, Scene Two, The Sitting Room, Peas phone vibrated.  He slowly pulled it from his pocket to avoid further irritating Melanie.  He was thankful that Roxanne had left a text message and hadnt called to talk.  Best Ocean Suite at the Biltmore in Santa Barbara under Mr. Luciano.  Limousine at airport.  Ramon flys commercial ahead of you.  She was good about using a name for the reservation that wouldnt trigger surveillance.  His first name, which could also be a last name, was easily explained at the hotel, but confused anyone that was tracking Pea.  Roxanne was trained well in this respect.  She had poor administrative skills otherwise, but she didnt question his business and had a wonderful body.  As the play droned on, he imagined himself in her embrace.  She was paid well and understood that he would never be seriously involved with her beyond his physical needs.  He had a slight smile on his face imagining Roxanne nude that Melanie mistook for enjoyment, watching his daughter.
After the play, the auditorium lights came on and hundreds of people filed out politely, several stopping to greet the Peas.  They stood by their seats, letting everyone pass before walking toward the stage to be with Shannon.  The Drama Teacher and school principal were with the cast, handing roses to each of the performers.  Pea was proud of Shannons performance.  It took courage as a twelve-year-old to perform live in front of an audience of adults.  She would tell them later that she was petrified and imagined that it was only her parents in the audience.  They mingled for a few minutes, then left together after most of the audience had driven away.  Peas driver was parked directly in front of the entrance, holding the rear door for them.  Most of the cast and parents went out to celebrate, but Pea instructed the driver to go directly home for security reasons.  Melanie was disappointed, but understood.  Shannon was just disappointed, something her mother would need to explain some day.
Early the next morning, he went to the office.  He would make some phone calls, but it was only an excuse.  Roxanne was seated behind her desk in the outer office when he arrived.  Good morning, Luca.  Can I bring you some coffee?  She had a perky smile.
He stopped beside her and stroked her delicate face. Yes, my little flar, Spanish flower, I want to do some dictation this morning.  He was pleased that she had worn a short tight skirt.
She followed him into his office moments later with a cup of black coffee, closing the door.  Roxanne had no idea how to take dictation.  It was a code instructing her to sit on his lap so that he could massage her thighs and put his hand up her dress.  It was how he enjoyed his morning coffee.
Dictation lasted about twenty minutes, then he needed to leave for the airport. When he didnt have any pressing business in the mornings, Roxanne performed other dictation services.  Pea kissed her quickly and asked for her to call his driver.  He enjoyed watching her stand slowly to adjust her clothes, smiling at him the whole time.  She had the ability to arouse him at will.  She had a sexy way of walking away that would distract any red-blooded heterosexual male.  He just smiled and shook his head slowly, pursing his lips.  A minute later, he was adjusting his suit coat, exiting the front lobby door where his driver was waiting to take him to San Francisco International Airport.  Another bright California day was forming as the heavy coastal fog rolled back out to sea over San Mateo, as they drove above the legal speed limit southbound on Highway 101.
The trip to his private hangar took twenty minutes.  He made no phone calls, still savoring his morning coffee.  Roxanne had worked for him for a year, learning the essential job elements quickly.  He didnt know or care anything about her personal life as long as it never interfered with work. She earned nice bonuses each month, based on performance, and would get a special Christmas present this year.  He had always had terrible luck with assistants before her.  Young girls always seemed to bring personal problems with them.  He wouldnt tolerate it.  They would talk endlessly on the phone, or text, or cry.  This was unacceptable.  His selection criterion was based on physical attributes, but it was also one of the qualities that caused trouble for most young women.  Until Roxanne, he had never had anyone who was totally devoted to him.  Most lasted only a few weeks.  They either refused his personal requests or wanted more from him.  It was extortion of a peculiar type.  Two girls carried their demand too far, threatening his family life.  One was the girl immediately before Roxanne.  In both cases, Ramon was told to have some fun and take care of the problem.  The girls quietly disappeared, and he wouldnt be hearing from them ever again, anchored to the bottom of the Pacific, as he imagined them.  Ramon always seemed happy after these assignments.
The pilot had prepared the jet and fueled the tanks early in the morning.  The hangar door was open when they arrived, and the planes ramp extended.  Good morning, sir.  Will you be traveling alone today, sir?  Sometimes his assistants would travel with him.
Yes, were down and back, all business.  We can leave at any time.
Luca didnt spend any time socializing with the pilot.  Like his personal assistants, he found it difficult to retain good pilots.  They were always waiting for bigger airline jobs.  It wasnt the money.  It was an ego thing with them to fly bigger jets.  Only once before did he need Ramons service to dismiss a pilot that got suspicious of the business and hinted that he wanted to be part of it.  Flying his products would be far riskier than using his ships.  The pilots were never told about the ships, but one pressed hard about using the airplane.  He was let go, in a manner of speaking, by Ramon.  Like his assistants, pilots usually lasted less than a year.  All were males, and Pea had no reason to know them intimately.  Most were smart enough not to pry into their employers business.
They were wheels-up at ten oclock, exactly as planned.  The flight to Santa Barbara would take a little more than an hour, then the limousine ride would be about twenty minutes to the Biltmore.  He relaxed on the flight, thinking about Roxanne, when his phone vibrated.  The display said, new text message - Mojo.  It didnt say much, just Where?  Pea sent a return message  Biltmore, arrive 1200.  He had sent Ramon ahead earlier in the morning to meet him at the airport and do a security check before he landed.  When they were near the airport, he would talk to Ramon before landing.
The drop off
Somewhere off the Northern California Coast, Ocean Wanderer was loitering until nightfall before entering Half Moon Bay.  Pea didnt expect any trouble with the delivery, but large shipments were the main targets of the Feds, and nothing could ever be assumed.  If there was trouble tonight, he wanted the plane fueled, and the pilot standing by.  The boat was equipped with an automatic alert system that would sound an alarm in Peas house and on his phone if anything even seemed abnormal.  The Captain of the Wanderer was his most experienced and most loyal.  For now, he had no reason to worry as long as the boat remained in international waters.  It occurred to him that he was becoming more paranoid with age and fortune.
Ramon reported the airport clear when they started their descent.  The approach was from the east, following the coastal mountains before turning left to the final approach heading south.  The plane landed smoothly, thanks to an almost non-existent coastal breeze and lack of thermal updrafts common along the California coast.  Santa Barbara Airport handles eight commercial regional airline flights per day.  Most of the airplanes coming and going are small private planes.  Peas business jet was cleared for landing directly from approach with no other air traffic in the area.  Following a smooth touchdown, the pilot taxied to the visitor tie downs and shut down the engines as the limousine arrived.  When Pea stepped down, it was completely quiet on the airport, no aircraft noises anywhere.  The car pulled up next to the plane, and Ramon stepped out of the passenger side to open the rear door for his boss, always remaining alert for anything threatening around the perimeter.  They departed immediately.
The ride from the airport to the Biltmore took less than twenty minutes.  The pilot was told to stay by the plane and be prepared to leave at any time.  They still had plenty of fuel to return back to San Francisco.  The Biltmore was located along beautiful Channel Drive in Montecito, the exclusive community south of Santa Barbara.  Its expansive single-story Spanish architecture is spread across twenty acres of pristine beach with the Channel Islands consuming the western view and the massive coastal mountains to the east.  Its truly one of the most magnificent locations in California, and Pea reserved the Grande Suite with ocean views on three sides surrounded by manicured grounds in every direction.  As they approached the hotel, he regretted that he would not spend the night.  It was the location that he had shared with Melanie on their honeymoon, and she would never forgive him for coming without her.  But this was business, dangerous business if anything went wrong.
The car stopped at the lobby entrance, and both men exited.  The driver was instructed to park nearby for the remainder of the day, in case needed.  Ramon led the way through the open oaken doorway, walking on gleaming terracotta tiles.  With Ramon ahead, Pea was completely hidden from anyone inside looking toward the front.  Ramon slowed when he saw a familiar man standing at the corner of the lobby near a glass wall overlooking a tropical pond.  The big black man wore a suit to disguise his weaponry.  Ramon recognized him as one of Mojos men and left Pea at the front desk to register while he went to stand by the other body guard.  Mojos man had a shaved head and distinctive gold chains around his neck, visible through his open collar.  There was no mystery about his physical state or weapons cache.  He was amply prepared in both regards.  Ramon, however, was over a hundred pounds heavier, six inches taller and equally armed.  Standing next to each other, Ramon asked in a deep gravelly voice, Wheres your man?
The bodyguard kept his eyes on Pea across the lobby and simply twitched his head toward the lounge chairs outside under the covered veranda.  Ramon looked briefly then returned to focus on the man next to him.  When Pea finished checking in, with no luggage, he walked toward the two men, handing a key to Mojos man.  Tell him to join us. Then he and Ramon walked away, but Ramon never lost sight of the other man, who watched him just as cautiously.
The suite consisted of a bedroom adjoining the great room with a bar.  It had two bathrooms with Jacuzzi tubs.  Sadly, none of the luxury amenities or accommodations would be used.  The master bed served for Pea to lay his coat.  Ramon walked around each of the rooms looking behind doors, under beds and behind curtains.  He had no professional security training and didnt know what he was looking for, but it kept him occupied while Pea relaxed.  Moments after arriving, there was a knock at the door.  Ramon initially pulled his gun, but Pea signaled him to put it away.  The giant man peered through the fish-eye lens in the door and saw only Mojo and his body guard grinning at him.  At Peas signal, Ramon opened the door, and Mojo entered quickly with his guard close behind.
Mohamed Al-Zeid, Mojo, walked quickly to Pea, who stood in the middle of the room, smiling broadly.  Luca, my friend.  How are you?
Pea answered, Fine, while both men embraced in the ritual pat-down each expected.  It was a silly way for them to act, but something both learned in the trade.
Pea gestured for Al-Zeid to sit with him. Can I order something delivered to the room?
Mojo snickered, Not unless you got some sweet young beach bunnys standing by.
Pea smiled, Not so lucky today, my friend.  So, tell me, do you think we should ask our companions to take a walk together?
It was Al-Zeids chance to chuckle.  Yeah.  That would be a good idea.  These two walking together in the halls of this glorious establishment would cause everyone to panic.  I trust my man, do you?
Pea nodded in agreement.  I trust Ramon with my life, so we can proceed.
For the next two hours, the two largest drug criminals in the western United States set up the parameters for their new consortium.  Both were satisfied that their personal wealth and safety were enhanced by collaboration.  They shook hands.  There would be no formal agreements or anything in writing.
At the conclusion, Al-Zeid said, So, this should be good for us and our distributors, Luca.
Pea became very serious.  Mojo, I have told you about my agreements below the border to stop the violence.  Its important to get through the next election without passage of new policies legalizing drugs.
Hey, Luca.  Im hip, I don need no stuff from Mexico no mo if yo supply is good.
Pea continued.  We got another problem.   Therere some people in Congress who are starting to back the California reforms because they need some votes.  Its all the violence and money spent fighting our people that they want to change.
Aint gonna happen.
You say that, but you need to see the big picture.
Al-Zeid took offense.  You sayin Im too dumb to undastand?
Look, Mojo, I mean theres a real chance our businesses could be lost if the drugs are legalized and produced in the States, particularly in California.
Both men were standing, and Pea was trying desperately to get the other man to understand without maddening him.  Mojo responded. Sos what we gotta do bout it?
He seemed to be calming down and listening as Pea explained.  We need to turn off the zeal.  Certain Legislators need to change their minds.
Mojo showed his big toothy grin.  One of my specialties.
Pea remained serious.  Look, Mojo.  We gotta use some finesse here.  This whole thing could blow up.  We cant go whacking national figures.  Its not the same as offing the scumbags we do every day.  Nobody cares about them; theyre dog shit.  The police cheer for us.  This is different.
Al-Zeid ran his thick tongue around the inside of his closed cheeks.  All right, Luca.  What you mean finesse?
Pea took a deep breath, finally getting through to the street thug.  You got people in the East, right?
Yeah.  You done a purdy good job o keepin me outa the west, sos I moved my trade east -- got some fair people.
Good.  Heres what I have in mind.
It took about half an hour to set things in motion.  The plan was actually quite simple, but he had to explain it several different ways to Al-Zeid for him to understand it in a way that wouldnt cause him to take extreme actions that would lead to their destruction.
It was nearing three in the afternoon when all four men walked through the lobby together.  Their business dress and menacing appearance drew glances from everyone, but no one dared to stare.  None of the lobby staff said a word about wishing them a pleasant evening as they would any other guests going out to local destinations or dinner.  The room was paid for and would go unused.  Both limousines were parked together.
As they approached their cars, Pea extended his hand to Al-Zeid.  Live long and prosper, my friend.
Mojo smiled through his pearly teeth, You, too, Luca.
Romanoff
Aaron Romanoff led a charmed life.  In his late-forties, he wasnt married and, more importantly, he wasnt obliged to support anyone else either.  His constituents in Cleveland loved him, or loved the idea of him.  As a young man, hed always wanted to fly.  His parents were active in the Republican Party, and theyd been successful getting their long-time family friend elected for several terms.  Their support of the Congressman was unwavering and their friendship grew stronger after hed served several terms in Washington.
Aaron didnt have bad grades, but he wasnt the top of his class.  He was active in sports, but never a star. His father and the Congressman had a lot to do with helping Aaron rise through scouting to Eagle Scout without much effort.  The one thing Aaron excelled at was girls.  He was extraordinarily handsome.
When Aaron was a senior in high school, he got his dream shot.  He received an appointment to the Air Force Academy from their Congressman friend.  Just as in high school, he didnt excel at anything, but he wasnt at the bottom either.  He was an average Cadet.  His curriculum was centered on International Studies, which eliminated many of the technical career fields.  This, however improved his chances to enter flight training.  He had another advantage in flight school because his parents had paid for flying lessons from the time he was fifteen, so he entered the Air Force Program as an experienced pilot.  Although most Cadets who meet the physical requirements with 20/20 vision get to explore basic aviation, few matriculate to the top of the class and really get to fly.  Fewer yet get to fly fighters.  Aaron was at the top of every category in his flight evaluations and realized his dream.  He became a fighter pilot.
After completing his service, he was encouraged to return to civilian life in Cleveland by his parents and the retiring Congressman.  They didnt want to force him into politics, but he had powerful endorsements and a ready-made campaign committee made up of the party leaders and his parents.  He wasnt actually flying much with al the cutbacks, just enough to retain his flight status, so continuing an active Air Force career lost much of its luster.  He returned to civilian life and retained his flight status with the Michigan Air National Guard.  The 107th Fighter Squadron flew his favorite airplane, the A10 Warthog.  The Selfridge Air National Guard Base was only a few hours away for weekend duty, and he got to fly more hours in the Guard than on active duty.  He had the best of both worlds.  He was able to pursue a career in politics and continue flying fighters.
Aaron campaigned with vigor with the Congressman by his side, and his parents rallied the electorate in the background.  The seat was technically open with the retirement of the Congressman, but no opponents stood up to contest his anointed replacement.  Aaron won the primary uncontested and the general election with a thirty-point margin over his opponent.  Another advantage from the retiring Congressmans support was his guidance in selecting a top notch staff, most of the Congressmans staff, plus getting into the office selection process ahead of other freshmen.  He was well ahead of his peers, entering Congress for the first term, just as he had been ahead of the other Cadets in primary flight training.
He was seated in Washington in February, 1990 and selected for several important committees, with the help of his mentor.  But in August, his reserve unit was mobilized for the Persian Gulf War.  Aaron could have deferred deployment as a member of Congress, but he wanted to deploy with his unit.  The chance to fly in combat was overpowering to the young fighter jock.  No one expected the war to last long, and his advisors believed that serving in the war would only enhance his credentials, even if he left the legislative matters to his staff.  Here again, the retired Congressman became an important factor in maintaining his presence on the Hill.
For several months, stationed in Saudi Arabia, his team practiced close air support of ground troops with their aircraft.
The single-seat A-10 Thunderbolt II, popularly called the Warthog, is designed for close air support of ground forces by attacking tanks, armored vehicles and other ground targets while flying at very low altitudes.  Although its technically classified as a fighter aircraft, the A-10 has armor protecting the pilot and engines for protection against ground fire.  The entire airframe is designed around an enormous 30mm rotary cannon that actually extends from the rear of the plane between the pilots legs and out the nose of the aircraft.  The plane has more than a thousand pounds of armor to protect the pilot and engines from ground fire.  Unlike conventional fighter aircraft, the A-10 was designed for ground combat and could take a heavy beating.
When the order came to cross the Iraqi border from Kuwait in January 1991, A-10 pilots were well prepared to coordinate with American infantry in the Middle-Eastern desert environment.   The fiercest fighting happened in the first twenty-four hours when Americans faced the Iraqi Republican Guard equipped with divisions of ex-soviet T-72 tanks, fighting at night.  Aaron was the lead pilot on four sorties that night.  At dawn on the second day of the invasion, he and his wingman were protecting a convoy of troop carriers that came under attack by an Iraqi armored cavalry unit with massive firepower.  After a strafing run below five hundred feet, travelling at under two hundred knots, his plane sustained severe battle damage.  The engines were still functioning, and he had half his ammunition still aboard.  His wingman told him to abort after examining the damage, but Aaron made a second pass even lower and slower to destroy as many of the enemy tanks as possible.
Midway across the enemy force, an SA-18 shoulder-launched missile was fired at him.  He had only a millisecond to react, and was too low and slow to evade.  The missile exploded, taking off the entire rear of the aircraft.  Aaron ejected just as the plane exploded.  His parachute opened only one hundred feet from the ground.
He landed hard on the dry compacted ground, spraining both ankles.  He shook off the effects and hobbled over fifty yards to a smoldering tank, diving under the hull for concealment between the tracks.  His only protection was his nine millimeter Berretta. His wingman flew above in a wide arc, radioing for more gunship and rescue support.  When the parachute collapsed on the ground, several Iraqi troops left their cover positions and charged toward the downed pilot.  The wingman didnt hesitate, despite the lethal SA-18s: he attacked.  He pushed the throttle forward momentarily, pointing the nose down, then leveled at only one hundred feet while decelerating.  He leveled his wings, for stability and fired along an imaginary line just in front of the charging soldiers.  The recoil of the cannon jolted the airframe, but his aim was perfect, forming an explosive wall a hundred yards long.  The 30mm Gatling-type cannon is the most powerful machine gun ever flown, firing depleted uranium armor-piercing and explosive rounds. Firing at over two thousand rounds per minute, he depressed the trigger for only one second, with each round blowing huge craters and killing anyone within a forty-foot circle. Another benefit for Aaron was a dense curtain of dust which formed, shielding him.
Within less than a minute, other aircraft joined in the annihilation of ground troops surrounding him.  The American convoy stopped and deployed several hundred infantry soldiers.  The remaining Iraqis ran under withering fire, but one stopped to peer under Aarons tank.  In the weak dawning light, he didnt seem to recognize the silhouette of the airman lying prone, facing him.  Aaron supported his gun in both hands with elbows extended on the ground, not intending to fire unless he had to.  It took a full second for the soldier to recognize his enemy and instead of running, he fired an automatic burst from his AK47, hitting Aaron in the top of his left shoulder as the Berretta fired several times, killing the Iraqi.  At first, Aaron didnt realize he was shot, but then quickly felt the pain.  The bullet had fractured his Clavicle and penetrated a lung, cutting an artery.
He should not have survived the wound and had no recollection of anything until he awoke in a military field hospital.  Days later, he was flown to San Antonio Military Hospital.  It took six months of rehabilitation to regain ninety percent of his arm mobility and strength, but his flying career was over.  He returned home with a minor disability and was released from all further National Guard duties.  He had survived military air combat and satisfied any urge to fly again.  Back home, he was welcomed as a hero by re-election to a second term, something that had been repeated subsequently ten more times since then.  He was never seriously challenged in any election.
Aaron enjoyed his bachelor status.  As a single Congressman, he was cited repeatedly in the tabloids as one of Washingtons most eligible bachelors, although he never felt particularly eligible.  He owned a townhouse on a quiet street in Old Town Alexandria midway between the Braddock Road Metro Station and the Potomac waterfront.  He entertained guests often.
In Congress, he was noted as a free-thinker.  He would deviate from conservative dogma frequently on social issues, always voting his conscience.  Few members of Congress had his fortitude.  As a result, legislators from both sides of the aisle looked for his support on bills.  Congressman Romanoff was noted for becoming passionately aggressive if he believed in something.  He was both cherished and feared by his colleagues.  Since he seemed invincible in the polls, there were no threats by PACs to withdraw support or throw in with an opponent.  It just didnt work with him.  The House didnt have the courage to re-address the War on Drugs, but when the Senate took the initiative, Aaron was all in to get the House to go along.  His seniority and connections could virtually assure passage in the House if the Senate supported it.
As the week progressed, the late summer weather was turning slightly chilly in the morning.  His routine was to leave his house at six oclock wearing sweats and carrying a small bag containing office attire.  His sport coat and tie selection stayed in the office.  He walked to the Metro and rode with the early-risers in partially filled train cars.  Some of the faces looked familiar over time, and none would think he was a Congressman.  The members gym was located in the basement of the Capitol building.  Hed followed this routine for twenty years.
Hes slept alone that night and ate a light breakfast of toast and orange juice.  He didnt bother to shave or shower.  That would follow his workout.  As he looked out the sidelights of his front door, the sky was just beginning to show hints of a rising sun, with no rain clouds.  He grabbed his workout bag and stepped onto the stoop, testing the lock on his door before stepping down to the red-brick sidewalk.  The Metro station was slightly uphill, about four blocks away.  He was usually alone on the street at this time of the morning except for occasional joggers.
No one was moving when he started toward the corner, but there was one runner stooped ahead of him, tying his sneaker.  As he approached the man, something undefinable seemed odd.  His shoes were brilliantly white, obviously unused.  His long thick black hair didnt look right.  As he walked closer, he saw small tattoos on his fingers, not a typical Washington professional.
Aaron picked up his pace passing within three feet of the jogger.  Instinctively, he turned his head slightly, noting the mans quick motion in his peripheral vision.  Aaron was only two paces past when a silent siren went off in his mind.  Without looking back, he ran over the corner curb, diagonally across the quiet intersection.  He was only twenty feet away when the sound of the first shot echoed off an old brick brownstone.  The man had missed.  He fired three or four more times as Aaron move in and out and accelerated.  All shots missed.
The man shouted an unheard obscenity, as the distance increased between them.  The shooter tried to balance his gun on the roof of a car parked at the curb, but Aaron was across the street, shielded by other cars, preventing a clear shot.  The gunman failed.  Its incredibly hard to hit a moving target with a handgun, even if the shooter is an expert and the target is only a few yards away.  Aaron knew it, but wasnt thinking about it.  His physical conditioning saved his life.
On the opposite side of the street, the gunman threw his wig into his car and pushed the gun into his waistband.  Shit, shit, were his only words.  Being a career drug dealer and ex-con with no respect for human life didnt guarantee that he was also an expert with firearms.  He knew how to murder helpless people on their knees, but that was the limit of his marksmanship skills.
Aaron reached the top of the street, opposite the Metro station, slightly winded.  He looked around for the first time and didnt see anything alarming.  It wasnt the first time hed had bullets fired at him, and he was pissed.
An hour later, Hunter was finishing breakfast and turned on the local cable news channel.  Most of it was routine: the weather would be overcast and mild with the possibility of a light rain in the afternoon.  Congress was anticipating a struggle to get the annual budget approved and threatening, again, to go into extended sessions and continuing resolutions if agreements could not be negotiated.  This probably meant that the drug policy changes would not be deliberated until the end of the first quarter in December.  He saw his minimum term in Washington for California extending five or six more months, which meant more time to finalize plans with Laura.  He didnt really want more time.  He had to make a commitment, either one she could accept or not, but he couldnt keep stringing her along.  He knew that she had an expectation after hed suggested a special date this weekend.  She deserved it, even if he was apprehensive.  He still hadnt decided what he was going to say.
Then there was a breaking news alert.  Congressman Aaron Romanoff had been assaulted.  It was an attempted assassination that failed.  Romanoff was at FBI headquarters and not available for comment.  The news team was at the scene on Pendleton Street, describing how the Congressman had avoided gunfire at close range and was unhurt.  Witnesses looking out their windows had seen a skinny skinhead gunman remove a wig and drive away quickly in a newer sedan, probably stolen or rented.
The story had a familiar ring to it.  It was not a coincidence that both he and Romanoff were threatened when they became active with the drug language.  Romanoff would be safe for now and probably have Secret Service protection, so he could wait a few hours.
At eleven oclock in Washington, Hunter called John Richards.
Hi, John.  Did you hear that someone tried to gun down Congressman Romanoff today?
I might have heard something on the drive in this morning, Hunter.  Hes from some place in the Midwest, isnt he?
Yeah.  Hes from Ohio.
So, whats that to us?
Hes just picked up the ball on our drug bill in the House.  Hes a real activist guy.  I think there could be a connection with Sue Ann and the guy taking our pictures.
Dont you feel a little paranoid, Hunter?
Better to be cautious, John.
All right, Hunter.  Ill relay your concern to the FBI, and they may want to advise Romanoff.  Was Romanoff given any kind of a warning?
I dont know, John.
Cause they didnt try to kill you.
Yeah.  Its a little different, but I still dont believe in coincidences.
It turned out that Hunter didnt have to do anything else.  That night, he received a call from the FBI asking him to come to the Justice Department in the morning and ask for Special Agent Bryce Levi.
He talked with Laurie late into the night, but didnt mention the meeting with the FBI or his fear of a link with Romanoff.  She was scared enough already.  In the morning, after his workout, he dressed in a suit and left for the Hoover Building on Pennsylvania Avenue.  He arrived at ten, precisely on time.  After passing security, he was met in the lobby by Bryce Levi.
After introductions, Hunter suggested they go to first names.  Both were about the same age and both had military and law enforcement backgrounds.  Bryce took Hunter to an office on the second floor.
Have you been to the FBI museum, Hunter?
I havent, Bryce, its on my list.
Its worth seeing.
Thats what Ive heard.
Bryce offered him a drink, and Hunter took water before the Agent opened the discussion.  Hunter.  The reason I asked to meet with you is because our San Francisco office thinks there might be a link between something theyre working on in California and an attempted shooting that happened in Alexandria yesterday.
Yeah.  I know about it all.
Bryce inquired, You had a relative kidnapped and some threats made?
My cousin.  They nearly killed her, dumping her in the Pacific at night.  Then I got a call warning me to standby for instructions from the guy who did it.  I work here in Washington as a liaison officer for California.
What kind of instruction?
Well, thats just it.  I dont know.  Im only here for one reason, to campaign for change in our drug enforcement policies.  Last week, I met with Congressman Romanoff, and he got excited about it.  People tell me hes now pushing it pretty hard.
So, you think the mafia is after you and the Congressman?  The mafia and the FBI have been doing battle since the Kennedy Administration.
The State Investigator and the FBI in Northern California have someone in mind.  There was a State Attorney leading the effort Im now involved in who was killed before I came aboard.  He was my brother-in-law and was murdered when leaving to come back here on a lobbying mission.  I was in the Border Patrol then, and the state asked me to work for them, stationed here, until Congress decided the outcome.
So, youre a lobbyist and this is personal to you?
If that means being a mouthpiece for the state without understanding much about the process, then I guess I am.
Most lobbyists are lawyers.
Hunter smiled.  Technically, Im a liaison officer, probably because Im not a lawyer.  Surprisingly, most of the people doing my kinda work arent lawyers.  I guess its to save money.  You dont really need to be a lawyer at the level I work at.
So, why were you threatened?
I guess that someone is planning to use me in some way, but the time hasnt come yet.
So, how do you think this relates to the Congressman?
I wish I knew.  Its just that hes done his thing here for twenty plus years, then I came along and  wham  someone tries to knock him off.  If I wasnt messing around in some really provocative shit, Id assume he ran into a jealous boyfriend, but this sounds more like a professional hit.
Most professionals dont miss.
Okay, so it was a semi-professional hit.  It was planned and cold blooded.  Only an experienced killer without a lot of brain power would do it this way.  The guy was cool and patient, even if he was a bad shot.  He was a back shooter, so wasnt particularly confident in his abilities in a fight.
Bryce shook his head in agreement.  It kind of squares with our west coast office.  The mafia doesnt tend to miss, but the drug gangs are a lot less sophisticated.  They kill far more often, but its always crude.  They dont have the kind of structure and code that demands better discipline and training.  In truth, the mafia doesnt really like drugs.  They make money shaking down the distributors.  They let the drug gangs kill each other off, and just stay out of the way unless some punk tries to work around them.
Bryce continued.  Like you said, Hunter, the hit on the Congressman was more than some petty dispute, but not mafia.  That mostly leaves druggies.
Hunter smiled, So, I guess we ended up on the same sheet of music?
Bryce had a notepad with him, but hadnt written anything.  Yeah.  It seems that way.
Hunter asked, So what does that mean for the Congressman?  I want him to keep pushing the bill and even bring in some more supporters.  How will he keep safe?
Thats Government business, Hunter.  You just watch out for yourself.
He left the building before lunch and called Leigh.  She had a crying baby in the background.  Is this a bad time, Leigh?
No, Hunter.  Its hard to plan a good time, just give me a minute.  After a short pause she said, So, whats cookin?
You hear about Romanoff yesterday?
Yeah, absolutely.  Anything to do with you?
I dont know, Leigh.  He just got aboard supporting the drug policy change and someone tried to kill him.  Im not sure hell be as friendly after an attempted hit.
Hes tough, Hunter.  Ill bet it only makes him more determined.
So, what should I be doing?  Im concerned about trying to bring other people into this if its putting their lives in danger.  Romanoff slipped the shooter, but I dont know if anyone else would get away.
She thought for a moment.  Yeah, I understand your concern.  I think you need to talk to Michelle Hicks about it.  Romanoff may want to be in the lead on this to keep other Congressmen out of sight.  Hes a pretty honorable guy.  I think hell be even more aggressive and want to be the one attracting attention.  But, I could be wrong.  Talk to Michelle.
All right, Leigh.  Thanks.
He started walking diagonally across the mall, unsure if he should call Laura for lunch, or call Michelle.  He called Michelle.  She couldnt talk, but agreed to meet with him at two.  He called Laura and diverted course slightly across the lawn, walking toward the FAA building.
Hed always loved every moment with her, but today it felt awkward.  Hed created anticipation around their forthcoming dinner on Saturday.  It would be simpler just to avoid her until then, but the urge to see her overpowered logic.
After some routine conversation, she asked, So, what are you up to for the rest of the day?
Well, after lunch, Im meeting with Michelle Hicks again in Congressman Romanoffs office.
You gonna talk about the shooting?
I want to find out if hes backing off the drug language.
She looked at him, understanding his dilemma.  Hunter, you cant blame him if hes now a target, too.
I agree, Laurie.  I just need to know where we stand on the language.  Thats my job.  If Romanoff bails out, I need to find someone else to lead it.
That would just put them in danger.
Maybe, but its my job, and I believe in it.
Some job.  Is it worth people getting killed?
People are getting killed every day over drug violence, Laurie.  Im trying to save lives.
No one in California could blame you if you resigned.
Is that what you want?  Besides, I dont think anyone would take this position if they knew what the risk might be.
She took his hand and looked into his eyes.  You took it.
I couldnt help it.  It was personal.  Jos was missing, probably killed, and I couldnt let my sister risk it.
Maybe you should just let it rest now.  If it goes any further that will be great, but you shouldnt risk anything more.
They ended the lunch knowing that nothing had changed.  Laura was concerned, which he already knew.  She also knew that he wouldnt run from danger.  Was that a weakness?  Was that a mistake?  He didnt know.  He also didnt like the idea that his job put a strain between them.
Vigor
Ten minutes after leaving the FAA building and walking along Independence Avenue up Capitol Hill, he was sitting with Michelle Hicks in her office.
She was more reserved than last time.  Hunter, what can I do for you?
Michelle, I heard about the attempt on the Congressman and wanted to know if this changes anything about his support of the drug policy changes we discussed.
You think that has something to do with the shooting?
I dont think its coincidental.
She responded, Well, I dont know what that means, but the press is making some pretty wild speculations.
At that point Congressman Romanoff opened her door and stepped in.  Well, hello again, Hunter.
They shook hands and the Congressman sat down, intending to participate.  Michelle said, Congressman, Mr. Kohl is here about your interest in the drug policy.  He thinks there may be a connection to the shooting.
Romanoff smiled and looked at both of them in sequence then said, Well, its better than some of the stuff out there about jealous husbands and boyfriends.
She responded.  Aaron, Congressman, this is a serious matter.  It could be dangerous and it could hurt your career.
He smiled.  I dont think so, Michelle.  He then looked at Hunter.  Mr. Kohl, can I call you Hunter?
Yes, sir.
Good, in here, I want you to call me Aaron.  Michelle looked incredulous.  Theyd had this discussion last time.
He continued, looking at her.  You see, Michelle, I had a nice chat with the Secret Service this morning.  Theyre now shadowing me wherever I go.  It seems that Hunter and I have a common problem.  He looked at Hunter.
After a few moments, she said, Aaron, I dont know what Mr. Kohl  Hunter -- has to do with this?
Hunter pursed his lips and looked at the table as Romanoff answered.  Well, weve both been attacked for the same reason.  Is that right, Hunter?
I believe so, sir.
Romanoff insisted.  Aaron.
Hunter acknowledged, Yes, Aaron.  Theres a good possibility that threats to you have something to do with me and my job here.
Romanoff smiled.  There, you see, Michelle.  Isnt this great!
She was mystified.  Aaron.  Are you nuts?  Whats to smile about here?
Michelle, I want you to call a press conference this afternoon.  It should get a lot of coverage with the attention Im getting in the press today.
What are you talking about, Aaron.  Whats this about?
He looked at Michelle and Hunter, Im going to announce my whole hearted support of drug reform and use the shooting incident to drive the point home.  The drug lords who think they own our streets are gonna be out of business.  If they want a fight, Im their man.
She pleaded.  Aaron, this isnt some petty scandal, this could get you killed.
It damn near did, Michelle.  Thats why Im going to fight this through.  There are only two ways to go.  I either withdraw my support, or drive it through Congress.  He looked at Hunter.  If we win, the drug gangs on the American continents will be out of business.
She responded.  Very macho.  And very dumb.
Why?  My constituents will love it.  Hell, maybe the whole country will love it.
So now you want to run for President?
He glanced at Hunter then put his hands on her shoulders.  Look, hon, I dont like being a paper tiger.  I believe in this and its gonna create some murderous enemies.  I cant run from this.  I think we can win.  With the new Appropriations bill, we could actually stop the drug war on our borders and in our cities.  You think I wanna let someone else get the credit?  Hunter here is good at what he does.  Hell just go find some shmuck to back the House language, and Ill miss the chance of a lifetime.  A chance to do the right thing.
Hunter sat silently watching the interplay between two professional associates, who were obviously more than just officemates.
Romanoff looked at Hunter.  Hunter, are you up for this?  I understand youve been operating under this same cloud.
Ah, yes  Aaron  Im sticking with this.  My families been threatened, my girls been threatened, and Im just waiting until someone tries to ambush me, too.  But, I signed on for this thing, and Im seeing it through.
Good.  Do you need anything from me?
Aaron, if youre leading the charge on this, Im here to go knock on every door in Congress if I have to.
Okay, I want you and Michelle to coordinate the lobbying effort.  Shes really good at working the staffs on the Hill.  You concentrate on the Senate and give her a hand in the House when we need the California-factor brought in.
Body language said the meeting was over.  Hunter stood and extended his hand first to Romanoff, then to Michelle.  Youve got my full support, sir.
Good, now Ive got a news briefing to write.
That evening in his apartment, Hunter was still trying to understand what was occurring in his relationship with Laura.  It had grown over the two years and reached an intense level in the last month.  But since then, it had plateaued and seemed to be cooling rapidly.  He was in a tailspin and needed to get out of it.  Partly it was nothing he could control, but most of it centered on his ambivalence about the future, the future with her.  He wanted to call her, but feared he would only dig his hole deeper.  Their relationship seemed to be disintegrating overnight, and he felt powerless to change it.
He was eating a mixture of Asian foods purchased at the local market and watching the evening news when it was interrupted by a news conference called by Congressman Aaron Romanoff.  Speculation had been growing all day about the reasons behind the attempt on Romanoff, placing the Congressman at the pinnacle of conjecture in Washington.  He was either in the best or worst position of his career.  After some introductory remarks by the broadcaster, the feed went live to the rostrum where Romanoff was beginning to speak.
First of all, Id like to apologize for interrupting evening broadcasts, and folks eating dinner.  Ill keep my comments brief and answer questions at the end.
As you all know, I was attacked by a gunman this morning as I was leaving my home.  Its been in the news all day long across the country, so youve probably all heard about it.  Im also sure that youve all been exposed to speculation about this attack, so let me set the record straight.
The attack this morning was against me, and no one else.  It was not, I repeat not, about anything involving my personal life, although that has made interesting reporting over the past several years.  This was about my actions in the Congress.
Recently, I initiated an effort to have language enacted into law that would repeal the War on Drugs and regulate legal use of certain ones similar to the way tobacco and alcohol are regulated.  The current policy has been failing for decades, costing hundreds of thousands of deaths and a trillion dollars, with no significant results.  Its time for a different approach.
Im not going into details here.  There will be weeks of media coverage of this issue to come.  The purpose of this meeting is simply to clear up the fact that this was an attack by vicious criminals who will lose their grip on unfortunate Americans.  These murderous gangsters were trying to eliminate me, or at the very least scare me off their turf.  They exist only because of current policies.
Well, Im here tonight to tell the American people that the drug dealers in this country are not going to win, and theyre not scaring me off.  I intend to fight for reforms that will put them out of business, that will ruin their businesses and end the horrible scourge in our cities caused by the back-alley drug dealers.
Romanoff paused for a moment to let it all sink in.  Let there be no mistake about what Im saying.  You illicit drug dealers, distributors and manufacturers that prey on Americans  youre all going down!  If you think you can end this with me, youre wrong.
The speech was followed by several questions about how he escaped the gunman.  Romanoff just answered, I ran like hell and hoped he was a bad shot.  The man was a master at crowd-pleasing rhetoric.  He came across as powerful and steadfast.  He had been right in their meeting earlier in the day.  This attack helped his future in American politics and also helped assure popular support of the policy reforms.  Peas own actions (or someone like Pea) were helping lose their own battle.
His phone displayed Laurie.
Hello.
Her voice was firm, Did you see the Congressmans speech?
Yeah.  I thought he did pretty good.
Did you talk to him about it today?
He mentioned it when I was in his office.
Hunter, I think he just moved your success probability up a lot.
Yeah, I guess it just takes a few well-placed gunshots.
Very funny.
He could sense that she wanted to talk longer, but he was afraid where it would take them, and he was conflicted enough.  He wanted another day to think.  Look.  Im kinda busy tomorrow, but Id like to pick you up at five on Saturday.
Oh, so early?
Im thinking about going to Annapolis, something along the harbor.
Um.  Sounds romantic.
Somehow, I picture you there.  He wasnt sure, but she sounded very excited.
Okay, see you at five!
He was contemplating the signals hed just sent her when the phone rang again.  This time it said Leigh.
Hey.
Hey, yourself.  Did you see the speech?
Yeah.
Looks like you got it under control in the House.
I dont know, Leigh.  After two years, it all seems to be falling into place too easy.
Its simple, Hunter.  This is an election year.  All the House members want to be reelected.  The big bills always happen on the even years so Congressmen can get all the points back home when it matters.  Off years are boring.
Hunter and Laura
Saturday evening, he knocked on Lauras door and waited half a minute for her to open it.  She said, Hi and gave him a kiss before turning to finish getting ready.  Come on in, Im almost ready.  As she turned away, he noticed that her dress wasnt zipped all the way.  Get comfortable on the couch, I just need to finish my hair and put on my shoes.  For some reason, this took several minutes.  When she emerged from the bedroom, she looked fantastic in a light blue summer dress with a floral scarf.  She wore a three tier necklace that emphasized her long slender neck.
He was speechless, Wow, you look gorgeous.  It occurred to him that hed never seen her in heels, and she seemed to be almost as tall as he was.
She turned.  Zip me up, please.
He did as instructed, fumbling with the hook at the top.  Her skin felt incredibly supple and smooth, more than usual.  The whole effect was mesmerizing.
She turned back to face him and picked up a small white purse on the end table near the door.  So, where are we going?
He smiled, Annapolis.
Where in Annapolis?
Its a surprise.
A week earlier, Hunter had made reservations for the upper deck at the Hell Point Seafood restaurant on Dock Street, overlooking the Annapolis Harbor.  It was one of the most romantic locations in the quiet seaport village, surrounded by quaint shops, near the Naval Academy and the State Capitol building.  He wanted the atmosphere more than anything else.  The restaurant got poor reviews but generally not for the food per se, which was judged somewhere between fair and good, not excellent.  The criticism usually cited the price and slow service.  For this evening, the price wasnt a major consideration and slow service meant more quiet time together.
It was a mild late-summer evening, which meant parking along Dock Street would be impossible on Saturday night.  Locally, the street was called Ego Canal because yachtsmen around the Chesapeake liked to dock there for a few hours, showing off.  Fortunately, the restaurant offered valet service, which was another benefit.
He kept the top up on his Infinity G for the hour-long drive even though it was ideal top-down weather.  She would not appreciate the wind-in-hair look.  Most of the drive was quiet.  He still didnt know exactly what he would say tonight, and she was full of anticipation.
Near six oclock, he exited Rt. 301 before crossing the Severn River, taking West Street toward the harbor, directly past the State House, turning downhill on Main Street to the harbor.  At the bottom of the street near the water, he turned left then quickly turned right onto Dock Street.  Driving along the dock was very slow with tourists using the road surface to meander tranquilly.  The final few hundred yards took a few minutes.
The restaurant is the last two-story building at the end of the dock, with second-floor glass walls offering an unobstructed view of the harbor, with the giant bay beyond.  Hunter stopped at the entrance and a valet opened Lauras door before he was out of the drivers side.
Inside, they were escorted immediately by the hostess to the second floor, to a corner table at the front, over the water, away from the dying sun glaring in along the opposite side.  It was a perfect romantic setting.
From the reviews, Hunter knew that the synchronization between wine service and dinner orders was a problem for most patrons.  When the waiter arrived, he asked for the wine menu, and they would defer ordering dinner.  To his surprise, the wine arrived in less than five minutes and the wait staff gave them privacy.  They let the Pinot Noir breath for several minutes.
She spoke first.  Hunter, this is beautiful.
He lifted his glass, which she mirrored.  Youre the most beautiful part of this evening.
She smiled and looked out the window, offering her hand across to him.  He continued.  Laurie, I want this to be a special evening.  She squeezed his hand gently and smiled, but didnt say anything; she knew he was struggling.  Laurie, you know that I love you, and I want to spend my life with you  forever.
He paused, waiting for her to respond.  Hunter, is this a proposal?
He smiled and looked away momentarily.  Ive thought about this a lot, Laurie, and I dont know what I have to offer you.
Hunter, Ive thought about too, a lot recently.
He interrupted.  Laurie, Im asking you to marry me, but Im not sure what would be next.
At that point, the waiter returned and took their order.  Hunter suggested the crab cakes to her, which she ordered.  They had had good reviews.  He ordered the prime rib, medium-rare, which also had had good reviews.  Surprisingly, most of the seafood was rated poorly, and there were a lot of poor reviews on line.
After the waiter left, Hunter continued.  I want to spend my life with you more than anything else, but I dont want to be unfair about it.
She tightened her lips together.  Hunter, I dont know where youre going with this.  Isnt it enough just to love each other?  I do love you and am saying YES with all my heart.
He looked into her eyes.  Laurie, I cant stay in Washington.  The legislative schedule is winding down and Ive got maybe two more months here, at most.  The state wont support my job here after that, and I dont want to stay anyway.
So, what will you do?
He looked down.  I dont know.  Im pretty sure I can get a job with the state with my connections.  Maybe in law enforcement.
Look Hunter, I like working for the Federal Government here in Washington, and I like being close to my parents, but I can find something in California, too.  There are lots of Government jobs in California.  We could live almost anywhere.
He took her hand again and smiled, looking into her eyes.  I thought youd never leave here?
Ive thought about this a lot too, Hunter.  Ive even talked to my mother about it.  Being with the man I love is more important than where I work.  I think I just needed to be sitting here with you tonight to be able to finally say it.
She paused, then continued.  Now, are you asking me or not?
He wanted to shout out loud with joy. He leaned forward as far as the table allowed.  Laurie Malone, will you marry me?
She tilted her head.  Yes.
He kissed her hand and pulled a ring box from his pocket.  Several people at tables nearby had sensed the body language if not the words.  There was quiet applause as he slipped the ring onto her finger.  They were both smiling and mouthing, I love you.
The rest of the evening was magical.  Rather than retrieve his car immediately, Hunter and Laura walked around the dock area and up Main Street stopping in shops offering unusual treasures to the visiting tourists.  Hunter would normally bypass them all, but tonight it was about her and their future together.  Like all of their relationship so far, there was no rush to set the wedding date.  The only timetable facing them was Hunters return to California after the drug language was decided.  Hed finally found the sponsorship the state needed on the Hill and it looked as if it would be successful.  It also meant they would need to decide to separate or for Laura to move to California with him.  But tonight, none of that was important.  They had committed to each other, and that was all that mattered.
On the drive back to Northern Virginia, they held hands for an hour not wanting the evening to end.  At her apartment complex, he walked her to her door, and they kissed more passionately than ever before.  She didnt invite him in, and he didnt question it.  Their lives were about to change forever, and both wanted to be alone to savor the moment in their own way.  They would live together forever after they were married.  For now, it was enough that she had the ring.
Twenty minutes later, he was feeling light headed with joy when he found a parking space immediately in front of his townhouse apartment.  He skipped up the front steps and unlocked the door, entering completely carefree.  He closed the door behind him without looking at it and walked through the archway into his main room.  Thats when he saw him sitting there with his legs crossed.  Who... an unexpected blow to the back of his neck dropped him to his knees.  Then massive vice-like arms gripped him from behind and lifted him over the back of an overstuffed chair, facing his intruder.
Hunters head bent down as lightning bolts rippled from his upper back to his head.  It was horribly painful, and he wasnt aware of anything for several seconds.  As the pain subsided, he rubbed his neck and looked up.  He wasnt dead, so someone wanted to talk.
As his eyes focused he moved his head side to side, trying to loosen the spasm in his neck.  He saw the man seated before him across the coffee table and someone twice his size sitting, facing him from the side.  He looked at the big man, sizing him up then realized he had a gun dwarfed in his massive hand.
The man across spoke.  Welcome home, Mr. Kohl.
Hunter continued rubbing his sore neck, now looking at the smaller man dressed in a business suit.  Who the fuck are you?
Who I am is unimportant.  What is important is that you pay very close attention to me.
Hunter put his hands on the arm rests of his chair.  Nothing Id like better, pal.  How bout coming a little closer.
Very brave of you, Mr. Hunter, particularly with a gun pointed at you.
Hunter smirked.  Its just a gesture of kindness, asshole.  Id love to show you some hospitality -- my style.
The man raised his hand.  Very brave for a bureaucrat wannabe.  But enough small talk.  I hope you realize how serious I am being?
What do you want?  Hunters gaze moved in an arc between the two men.  At this range, he couldnt dodge a bullet, even if the monster was a bad shot.
Its very simple, Mr. Kohl.  I want your cooperation on Capitol Hill.
Hunter remembered the voice.  Youre the prick that kidnapped my cousin.
Very astute, Mr. Kohl.  So you know my capabilities.
Hunter chuckled.  Dont flatter yourself, jerk.  It doesnt take much capability to overpower a sleeping girl with some well-trained gorillas.  Ramon started to rise in anger when Pea signaled him to sit.
Hunter chuckled again.  Why not throw him a banana.
Ramon grinned when he thought about how he would someday kill this macho bastard.
Pea continued.  You see, Mr. Kohl, no one will ever be able to prove I was here, but you will be following my orders from now on.
Go to hell, runt!
Mr. Kohl, you do not need to be rude.  Let me assure you that I have had many people say disparaging things to me, but most of them were in the process of dying.
That doesnt scare me.  Give it your best shot.  Im not that easy to kill.
I dont think you get the whole picture, Mr. Kohl.  You see in my business, we include the families in your little network of friends.  Remember your cousin.  She was just a warm up.  Im not always so easy going.
What do you want?
All right, lets begin.  Tomorrow, you will begin to reverse your effort to change federal drug policies.  All those good Congressmen and Senators youve been cultivating need to change their minds.  Simple, isnt it?
Hunter rubbed his neck again.  He wanted to say, Or what? but he knew the answer.  The threat against his family was obvious.
What do you expect me to do?  I cant just go visit the Hill and say it was all a joke.  They all know I represent the state and its not my personal request, its the states.  The state isnt changing its position.
I dont expect it to be easy, Mr. Kohl, but youll need to find a way.  And rest assured, Mr. Kohl, I have eyeballs around you that you wont ever see.  Ill know if you succeed or fail.  I suggest that for the welfare of the Kohl family tree, you succeed.
The shorter man stood, indicating to his henchman that it was time to leave.  Hunter didnt expect the second blow, causing him to thrust forward onto the table.  He never lost consciousness, but his head felt like it exploded, and his vision was blurred.  He rolled onto the floor, staring at the ceiling, unaware they had gone.  He was alone.
Moments later, he rolled over and pushed to his feet.  He reached into his pocket for his phone and pressed her speed dial number.  Hunter, whats wrong?
Keep your door locked, Laurie.  Im coming over.
Without resting, he stumbled to the bathroom for four Advil then walked awkwardly to his front door and down to his car.  The drive over was a blur, and he wasnt even sure if he was conscious the whole time but he made it to her place.  She was watching from the window and saw him labor up to her door.
Hunter!  What happened?
He gripped the back of his head as she helped him inside.
Close the door, Laurie and lock it.
She helped him sit down and looked at the back of his head which was bleeding.  Who did this to you?
The same creep that kidnapped Sue Ann.
Oh, Hunter, what did he want?
Can you get me some ice?
Sure.  She was only gone long enough to quickly get ice in a plastic bag wrapped in a towel.  Then she left again for some hydrogen peroxide and gauze.  He managed the ice while she tended to the cut on his head.  She said, this isnt too bad.
He tried to smile.  My thick skull.
What happened, Hunter?  What did he want?
He gave me some instructions and threatened my family.
Oh, Hunter! What will you do?
I dont know, Laurie, but I need to rest for now.  I need to think about this, but first I need to call Claire.
Laura brought her mobile phone and went to get fresh ice while he called Claire.  Claire, Ive got some wonderful news and some cautions.
Whats going on, Hunt?
Laurie and I are getting married!
Hunter, thats wonderful.  When?
Ah, we havent set a date yet, I just gave her the ring tonight.
She was apprehensive about what else he would tell her.  Hunt, thats terrific.  Give her a kiss for me.  Are you two moving back to California like you planned or are you staying in Washington?
He looked at Laura, We talked about it, and shes coming with me.
Gosh, Hunt.  Youll need to get a real job now.
He smiled even though his head felt split open.  She went on.  So, tell me the bad news.
Sis, I had a visit with our friend from California.  He wants me to come over to the dark side.
He could hear her suck in a deep breath.  Did he threaten you?
No, not directly.  He knew that would scare her.
So, he threatened us again?
Yeah.  Hes using my family to get to me.  That means Sue Ann, you, the kids.  He looked at Laura.  And Laurie, too.
Hunter, Im calling the police.
No, dont.  Hes not stupid enough to leave any proof other than my word.  Hes a big time donator to every crook in the state.  It would be my word against him.  Hed barely get questioned.
What are we going to do, Hunter?
I dont know yet.  Ill have a plan by the morning.  For now, call Sue Ann and have her come stay with you.  Then call John Richards and ask him to protect you.  It will take a few days for our friend to figure out what Ive done, so just let me work it out.
All right, Hunt.  Ill call Suzy now.
After the call, he rested his head back in the chair with the ice at the base of his skull.  He had a massive headache that would keep him awake most of the night.  Laura didnt try to engage him in conversation and brought him a blanket to rest.  She left him alone to sleep there over night and left the bedroom door open if he would be more comfortable in bed.  He didnt move all night.
At five oclock in the morning, Hunter stood beside her bed and bent to kiss her.  She murmured something and rubbed her eyes, Hunter ... its so early.  Why are you dressed?
Ive got to go, sweetheart.  Im going to California to take care of some things.
She sat partway up.  What do you mean?
He looked past her, Ive got to go help Claire take some security measures.
Shes got John Richards, Hunt.  Why do you need to go?
Its just something I have to do, Laurie.  I wont be gone too long.
How long?
I dont know, maybe just a couple of days, maybe a week.
She was still tired but didnt think he was being completely honest.  She also knew he wasnt going to say more.  Have a safe flight and call me tonight.  I love you.
I love you, too, Laurie.  Please keep an eye out until I get back.
It was still black when he got to his apartment.  There were no lights on, and he was especially cautious entering this time.  He would probably never feel completely safe there again.  He pulled two large suitcases from his office closet.  One hadnt been opened for years, since leaving the Navy.  The other had some equipment that hed used more recently in the Border Patrol.  He used the small amount of available space in both to pack minimal clothes for the trip.  If he had to stay longer, hed use Claires washing machine.
He went on line to check flights and was able to book a seat on American Airlines out of Reagan National that left at eight-twenty in the morning.  Together, his bags weighed over a hundred pounds, and he would need to pay the fees to get everything to California.  It was barely six oclock when he left, pulling the two suitcases up the hill to the Metro station.  Both trains, the yellow and blue lines, went to National, only two stops beyond King Street.  The trains were scheduled every four minutes for the morning commute.  The train cars were about half full, mostly with military and laborers who needed to be in place to cater to the morning professional surge starting in a couple hours.
At National, he paid the extra baggage fees and checked his luggage.  He would not have been allowed to carry either one on the plane, even if small enough.  It was too early to call Claire, so he sent her a text message, Will arrive Sacramento airport at two-oh-five today.  Will call if I dont see you.  Love, Hunt.
He stopped at a newsstand for more Advil and took four more with a black cup of McDonalds coffee.  He was able to get a window seat and used his rolled up jacket for a pillow, sleeping most of the way to Dallas, where he would change flights.  He still didnt have a good plan, but was working on it.
The plane arrived at Sacramento on time.  Claire met him at the usual place at the base of the escalator.  They hugged, and he said, I checked luggage this time.
When she saw his two large bags, she commented, You didnt pack light this time.  Are you moving in?
Ah, nope.  Just some tools of the trade.  He regretted the implication immediately.
Claire stopped in front of him and looked up into his eyes.  What trade is that, Hunter?
Oh.  Just some old Navy gear.  He tried to walk past her, but she sidestepped, blocking his way.
Hunter, you cant this take on by yourself.  This is a police matter.
What, Claire?  Whats a police matter?  What can anyone prove?
I dont want you hurt, Hunter.
He put down the handles to the bags and placed both hands on her shoulders.  Neither do I, sis.  Neither do I.
He loaded the bags into the back of her mini-SUV and let her drive while he dialed his phone.  The man answered, Richards.
John, its Hunter.
Hi, Hunter.  Claire said you had another run-in with the voice?
Yeah. You might say that.  Can you meet me at Claires this afternoon?
Sure.  What time.
As soon as possible.
They agreed to meet in an hour.
Relaxing in the car, he said, I hope I didnt upset you too much with my call last night.
She glanced at him briefly while driving.  Hunter, you cant scare me any more than I am already.  Look what this maniac has done to our family.
I want this to end, Claire
So, do I, Hunter, but these are dangerous people.  They wouldnt hesitate to kill us all.
He looked at her.  I know what kind of people these are, Claire.  Ive dealt with them in the Navy and in the Border Patrol.  Theyre basically bullies  cowards.  If you let them push you around, they only push harder.
Maybe we should drop this whole idea of ending the drug wars.
Wont work.  This guy thinks hes using me to kill the effort in Washington.  Im on the other side now and cant quit.
How can you stop it, Hunt.
Cant.  Thats the primary problem.  I think the guy is looking for a scapegoat or is just insane.  Either way, hes threatening my family if the laws change.
She grimaced.  If you hold him, Hunter, Ill shoot him.
Thats my sis.
Recon
They arrived home a few minutes later and Claire tried to help him with one of his bags, but couldnt move it.  He smiled, Ill take this one in and get the other one.
Good.  Youre in the guest room now, but JJ is not happy.
I can sleep on his floor or on the couch.  Sue Ann should get the guest room.
Shes not coming.
What?  Its not safe for her to be in her apartment.  She should at least stay with her parents.
Claire followed him into the guest room.  Yeah. I know it, and you know it, but you also know Sue Ann.  Shes going to do whatever she damn well pleases, no matter what we tell her.
He opened the first bag on the bed pulling out some clothes on hangers, without letting Claire see inside.  Whats her problem?  She should understand the threat more than anyone.
Yeah, youd think so.  Shes got this secret boyfriend who says hell protect her.
When did this happen?
I dont know; could have been since yesterday or two years ago.  You know her.
He shook his head and was settled in minutes, waiting for John to arrive.
John knocked on the door shortly after Hunter finished unpacking.  Claire, John and Hunter all sat in the living room while the children played in the back yard.
John got right to it.  I hear you had a visit from someone who threatened you?
Hunter responded, Yeah.  It was the same guy who kidnapped Sue Ann.  They all knew they were discussing Luciano Pea.
John opened his briefcase and removed a manila folder.  He laid a large glossy photo down and asked, Hunter or Claire, have you ever seen this man before?
Claire shook her head no, but Hunter responded.  Thats the man who was in my place yesterday making the threats.  He also had a big man, a very big man, with him who rabbit punched me from behind.
John nodded.  You mean this guy?  He laid a large picture of Ramon Vasquez beside Peas.
Hunter didnt even need to look closely.  Yeah.  Thats the monster.
John continued.  Good, youve just identified Luciano Pea and Ramon Vasquez.  You know who Pea is.  Vasquez is his primary enforcer and body guard.  Hes a heartless murderer who enjoys killing with a knife.  He is abnormally large, over six eight and spent twelve years in prison building up his body.  This is not someone to mess around with.
Hunter looked at Claire then John.  So, you know that he broke into my place and threatened everyone in my family if I didnt kill the drug legalization language in this years Appropriations Bill.
John asked, Can you do that?
I dont know John.  I could stop answering the phone and become invisible, but I cant very well run around destroying the work weve done.  The state would fire Claire and me, and wed never succeed anyway.  The Congress will decide soon and my influence on the negative side would be laughable.
So, what are you going to do?
Hunter looked at him.  Before I answer, John, is there anything the law is doing about this guy?
John looked down briefly, Hunter, were building a case.  The FBI is leading the investigation.  We have some circumstantial information, but not enough to go after Pea.  Sue Ann couldnt supply anything.  We got some forensic from Joss car, but not enough alone.  Youve had the only face-to-face with him, but it wouldnt stand up unless someone else could verify it.  At most, hes guilty of breaking and entering, and my guess is that hes had you under surveillance and used your hidden key to open the door.  So it boils down to simple trespassing.  He wouldnt even get a slap on the wrist.
Claire asked, So, what should we do, John?
He sat back and looked at her.  Claire, we need to keep you safe as possible.  I can submit a request to the state to have a protective detail assigned, but they wont protect you and Sue Ann and the kids all the time -- too much manpower.  To do it at all, youd all need to stay in one place all the time.
I know you cant do that.  So about all I can offer is to move in myself when not at work and act as night watchman.  Sue Ann would need to find her own way.
Hunter asked, John, what does the FBI need to get this whack-job off the street for good?
John smiled.  Hunter, we need to catch him in the act of a class one felony (Punishable by death or life imprisonment).  Hes been building his empire for twenty years and hasnt even gotten a speeding ticket.
Hunter persisted.  What do you need to convict him?
John and the other two spent another half hour talking about the kind of evidence that would put Pea away for good.  Hunter grew more agitated at the roadblocks to justice, and both John and Claire became concerned that Hunter might do something as a vigilante.  As the dialogue became intense, John finally concluded, Hunter, I advise you not to do anything outside the law.  Its not only for your safety.  Pea is a major flight risk  literally.  He keeps a private jet ready at SFO (San Francisco International Airport) all the time and has money in offshore accounts.  If he gets spooked, well lose him for good.
Hunter hadnt been gone from Washington long enough for Claire to be in immediate danger.  John would be a frequent evening guest for a while and could sleep over if Hunter wasnt around.  Hunter only had a few days to work before his absence was an issue.  He frequently went back to California to work with the state staff, so his being with Claire for a few days shouldnt alarm Pea, but hed have to work fast.
Enterprise Rental Car drove a plain-looking Ford Fusion to Claires house around four oclock in the afternoon, and Hunter rolled one of his large bags to the front door.  Claire asked, Are you going somewhere?
He glanced at her momentarily then opened the door.  Ive got to go out for a while.  I may be gone until early morning, so keep everything locked.  I took the extra key.
Before Claire could inquire further, he closed the door behind him and was gone in the car seconds later.  She had no idea what was going on, but worried about her brother.  She knew hed done dangerous things before, but never against someone like Pea.  She thought about calling John, but didnt know what she would say.
After driving to the Enterprise office and depositing the driver, Hunter was on his way to San Jose.  He needed to check on Sue Ann, and then do some reconnoitering around Peas boats and office.  One thing John suggested that would bring the drug boss down would be to catch him with a large drug shipment.  The FBI was sure that his boats were involved somehow, but they were never able to catch him, even after searching them.  Pea was doing something unconventional, but they didnt know what it was.  Hunter wasnt restricted by messy legalities like search warrants.  He wanted to know how it was done so he could help snare Pea.  He also wanted to know where he lived and all about his family 
Two hours later, he merged onto Highway 101 from I-880, heading north less than a mile to his exit in San Jose.  Sue Ann might be with her parents, but if not, he was going to do some convincing to get her to stay with Claire.  Hed only been to her apartment once before and was driving by memory.  The area near NASA Ames is congested with apartments and most looked the same to him.  He thought he was at the right complex and remembered that her building wing was closest to the entrance.  He drove around a couple times looking for anything familiar then parked in a lot near the one he remembered.
He called Claire.  She recognized his number.  Hi, Hunter.  You gonna tell me what youre up to?
Well talk when I get back, sis.  Right now, I need Sue Anns address.
Checking up on her?
Yeah.
Okay, hold on, and Ill get it.
Before she came back on line a black limousine pulled up near the building.
Claire came back on line.  Okay, Hunt.  You want to copy this down?
Ill call you back, sis.  He hung up.
The car had blackened windows, and it was impossible to see even a silhouette inside at dusk.  The car was curiously out of place, unless someone was going on a special date.  But given the proximity to Sue Anns place, at least the location he remembered, he watched with curiosity.  He was backed into a space a couple rows from the building in the dark.  The passenger door of the limo swung open, and the big man who had sucker-punched him in Washington got out and walked back to the rear passenger door, opening it just as she emerged from her ground-floor apartment.  Sue Ann was dressed elegantly and slid immediately into the rear of the car.  When Ramon Vasquez returned to the front seat, the limo began turning in a wide arc that passed behind the first row of parked cars, passing in front of Hunters row.  He ducked as the limo sped past.  Whats going on!
The limo took the nearby ramp onto 101 North with Hunter trailing a few car lengths behind.  The freeway is six lanes wide at this point, and he was able to drive several lanes over, alternating his perspective and distance, but never letting the limo far from sight.  If she was being kidnapped again, there hadnt been any struggle.  They were driving toward San Francisco.
The limo drove forty miles, taking the first exit for San Francisco International.  Hunter eased over to the right lane and followed through the signal at the bottom of the ramp leading directly to the airport frontage road.  Without freeway traffic to conceal him, he kept a long distance behind the limo and turned off his headlights even though the evening sky was already slate grey and too dark to drive safely without them.  When the limo stopped ahead of him, Hunter pulled to the side of the road obscured by a huge eucalyptus tree and watched Ramon open a key lock to a gate onto the airport.  This part of the field was miles away from the commercial terminals.  It had dozens of hangars nearby with company logos aligned side by side.  Ramon locked the gate behind them.
Hunter ran to the back of the car and reached into his bag for binoculars.  He then climbed onto the roof of the car for a clearer view.  Even though it was dark, the airfield was lighted around the hangars and he watched the limousine drive through one of the huge open doors.  Inside the well-lit hangar, Ramon opened the back door again and Sue Ann exited like an heiress.  The rear door on the other side opened and there he was.  Judging from his stature, Hunter was sure that Luciano Pea was escorting Sue Ann up the steps into a smart-looking business jet.  At the top of the stairs, she turned and kissed him, and he caressed her butt before disappearing inside.  Ramon did not follow, as the pilot raised the stairway and closed the door.  Moments later, the plane taxied out and moved rapidly down the taxiway toward the active runways, disappearing from his line of sight.  Hunter couldnt believe what he had witnessed.
Traitor
Sue Ann Flannigan had met Luciano Pea at a dedication ceremony at the Stedman Academy in San Francisco.  Luca Pea and his wife were being honored for their contribution of a new library for the school.  The mayor came to give a speech and several other people shed seen interviewed on television were present.  Most of the faculty attended and there were several news stations taping the event and interviewing people.  In the social setting that followed, Luca and the Mayor circulated together, obviously close friends.  Sue Ann was enthralled when they stopped to talk with her and Luca kissed her hand.  She was young and single and paid no attention to the fact that Mrs. Pea had departed.  Mr. Pea said, Ms. Flannigan, someone as lovely as you would make an excellent ambassador for education at the Mayors fundraiser next week.  May I invite you?
She was flattered, not knowing what to say.  Well, gee, Mr. Pea, I dont know what say.  I dont have any money to contribute.
Please, call me Luca.  You dont need to bring anything more than your charm.  I will be hosting the event, and the donations have already been made.  You might enjoy meeting some of the people who will be there.
Well, then, in that case, Luca, sure.  Where will it be held and when?
Its next Friday night.  I will be pleased to send my car and driver to pick you up.
She was overwhelmed.  Luca, I am deeply honored and would love to represent the school.
Delightful, my dear.  Actually, you will attend as my personal guest.  Im sure the academy has rules against endorsements, so you will just be representing you.
She smiled broadly.  In that case, I can really be myself.
Exactly.
She gave him her address and phone number, and he gave her his private mobile number if she needed to contact him for some reason.
Lucas car turned out to be a twenty foot long Lincoln limousine.  She had never travelled in luxury before and was soon speeding down the highway in a long black limousine, alone in the back seat.  She felt underdressed despite wearing her best evening gown.  The fundraiser was at the Mayors private residence in Pacific Heights, near Lucas home.  When the limo arrived, there were several cars in a queue on the street, and Sue Ann could count at least a dozen sets of taillights ahead.  The street was closed with police admitting one car at a time to deposit guests.  Lucas driver steered into the left lane, bypassing all the other cars and was signaled into the circular drive in front of the house where a few other luxury cars were parked.  The cars on the street were directed into a vacant lot beside the Mayors property.
Before becoming Mayor, Lew Cornish had founded a software company in college and had made a fortune selling it before his twenty-fifth birthday.  He was one of San Franciscos most well-publicized bachelors and philanthropists.  He ran for Mayor at the age of thirty-five because he wanted to make fundamental changes in city government.  With his personal wealth, he was widely considered incorruptible, which played well with the electorate.  He had been re-elected for a second four-year term and was now running for his third term.  The elaborate five-thousand dollar-a-plate gala fund raiser was mostly for show and to mingle with the elite around Silicon Valley.  The Mayor could afford to pay his own minimal campaign expenses and worked for only a one dollar salary, further expanding his popularity.
Sue Ann was in awe of the mansion as they drove inside the compound.  Before she could move when the car stopped, the door was opened by a young man in a tuxedo, Welcome, Ms. Flannigan.
She was speechless and just smiled as he offered his hand.  She accepted and was further shocked when he offered his arm to escort her inside.  She was part of a procession of mink coats and jewels that she could only dream about.  Inside, Luca broke away from a discussion with someone she recognized from media coverage and came to her with his hand extended, thanking the escort.  He gently pulled her closer and kissed her cheek, a gesture she had not experienced before.  Sue Ann, its wonderful that you came.  Come, let me introduce you to some people, then well find the guest of honor.
The whole evening was a blur.  When it was over, it was as though she had lived a Cinderella evening.  The guests all started leaving around ten oclock.  She met many noted celebrities over the evening and was never far from Lucas side.  He said he felt responsible as the chaperone for the lovely young single girl amongst all the socialites of the city.  His wife did not attend.
When it was over, Luca accompanied her home and walked her to her door.  Her head was spinning from the surreal experience.  He was beside her when she stuck the key in the door lock.  I hope you had a wonderful time tonight, my dear.
She turned to face him, Oh, Luca.  It was incredible.  I cant imagine anything so special.  Ill remember tonight for the rest of my life.
He surprised her by kissing her.  Lets plan on more.  Shall we?
Without thinking about his marital status, she said, Id like that.
He departed, leaving her feeling like the Princess of California.
The next Friday morning, Luca called her, leaving a message on her mobile phone while she was teaching.  Hi, its Luca.  Im taking the jet up to Tahoe tonight for dinner, and we could see a show if youre up to it?  Call me back.
She checked messages on her cellphone in the teachers lounge at noon -- He has his own Jet!  She could hardly believe it.  She called him and accepted immediately.  Good, Ill send my car at five-thirty. Well have dinner at seven and Ill arrange a show.  We should have you back home around one or two.
Oh, Luca.  Youre unbelievable.
Their liaisons continued to gain intensity over the next several months, with occasional longer business trips together when her teaching schedule permitted.  Sue Ann never thought much about Lucas family life, simply because it didnt seem to interfere with his desires toward her and his lavishness.  She was enthralled by his generosity.  After their first weekend together in Las Vegas, he gave her a new BMW X3 as a gift.  There were other gifts of jewelry, and he frequently let her use his credit cards for clothing and luggage when they travelled.
Throughout his whirlwind advances toward her, she never questioned his source of income.  She knew he came from family wealth developed over generations and owned the largest privately-owned fishing fleet on the west coast, but she had no idea if this was the only source of income.  She didnt care.  She was still in her early twenties when they started dating, and her life went on hold regarding any other possible entanglements.  Deep down, she knew that Luca would never marry her; he loved his family.  His wife seemed to tolerate his extramarital flings so long as he maintained her lifestyle.  She didnt raise questions and just savored the present.
After several months, Luca had suggested that Sue Ann spend some time with Lew Cornish as her escort to various public functions, which always ended in intimate overnight stays for her.  They were photographed together often, but she was never specifically identified by name.  The free-wheeling excesses of this rarified society were simply mesmerizing to her.  She knew it was only temporary and just wanted to enjoy it while it lasted.  Someday, when she was beyond her prime, she would be able to brag about her affair with the mayor and flying around with her boyfriend in his private jet, her fancy cars, and other gifts.  She was living the life of a celebrity that no one she knew could imagine.
After several months, the relationship shifted when Pea became more serious and demanding.  She found out that not all of his acquaintances and business partners were the pillars she had met.  She began to understand why Pea traveled with Ramon.  She was certain that Pea was a legitimate businessman, but he had dealings with others that were probably on the fringe.  She was personally conflicted when he began inquiring about her family, particularly about her cousin Claire.  He explained that some of his friends in the philanthropic community and mayoral contributors were hopeful that the state would not rush to liberalize drugs.  They saw a backlash effect that she couldnt fully comprehend.  She started finding out details about the legal initiative in Washington for Pea, not understanding the gravity of his interest.  It was really just some harmless insight that she could share with him as a kind of repayment for his kindnesses.
What she did not know is that the investigative and enforcement company that Pea used had identified Sue Ann as a target for influence when they first investigated Jos Riveras role in the states plan.  Meeting her at the school function had not been an accident.  Jos had been the champion of reform for the state, the main driver behind the initiative.  His wife Claire was his co-worker, but of unknown influence.  After eliminating Jos hadnt stopped the initiative, Pea needed to go after Claire, but she wasnt alone.  Claire had split Joss role with another man, coincidentally, her Border Patrol brother, Hunter.  After disposing of Jos and targeting Sue Ann, Pea had cultivated the relationship with her to the point that he didnt need to risk another visible disappearance. He didnt want to kill Claire Rivera and draw attention back to the drug trade  his trade.  He had always been careful to avoid even circumstantial attention to his hidden business.  He wanted to scare the family and kill the initiative in Washington as reported by Senator Jenson.  His investigators confirmed that Sue Ann was cherished in the family like a younger sister.  They would not risk losing her over the drug issue.  He often reflected on how skillfully he had manipulated her, usually when he was taking his pleasure with her.  It couldnt be any sweeter.  Pretty women were so easily manipulated.
Hunter was stunned when he saw her with Pea.  He drove back to her apartment, unsure what to do next.  He needed an explanation.  The plane arrived back in San Francisco after midnight.  The happy couple had celebrated the evening passionately on the fold-out bed in the plane during the return flight.  Pea kissed Sue Ann goodnight in the hangar, then sent her home with his driver.  Ramon used the auxiliary car to drive Pea home.  She slept in the back of the limo during the ride.  The combination of long day, robust dining, heavy drinking and exuberant sex had exhausted her.  She wasnt even aware when the car stopped and the driver opened the door.  He gently nudged her awake.  He didnt want to be punished by Ramon for irritating the bosss girlfriend.  He guided her to the door, careful not to touch her in any offensive way and waited until she was able to unlock it.  She said nothing as she closed it behind her.
Inside, she leaned against the door and removed her high heels.  She could barely stand, what with the cumulative effects of the evening.  Before moving, she turned on the entry light and walked past the living room.  She didnt even see him sitting on the couch.  Hi, Sue Ann.
She yelped, Hunter.  What!  What are you doing here?
He stood slowly, Oh, I just thought Id see what my little cousin does for amusement.
She looked bewildered.  Did you come all the way from Washington to snoop on me?
Thats not why I came, cous.
She moved closer and sat in a chair opposite him, brushing hair away from her face.  I dont get it?
You want to tell me how long youve been with Luciano Pea?
How do you know about Luca?
Luca?  Hes Luca?
Look, Hunter, hes a very important business man in San Francisco.  Im just lucky enough to be his girlfriend.
He looked at her for several moments before speaking.  Youre his girlfriend?  After he nearly drowned you?
She had an astonished look on her face.  What do you mean, Hunt?
He stood rigidly.  You know, Sue Ann, I would have died for you.  I would have killed to save you.  How could you do this to the family?
She acted dismissively.  I dont know what you mean!
He sat and looked at her calmly.  Sue Ann, I dont think you intentionally got involved in the middle of this.  I hope not.
Hunter!  I want to know what you are accusing me of.  Tell me!
How about a fake kidnapping?
No.  No, it was real.  What are you saying?
Im saying your drug lord boyfriend got you to fake the kidnapping to throw me off track.
She looked serious.  How can you say such a thing, Luca would never.  He wasnt involved, it was some drug criminals!
Hunter cut her off.  Cut it!  The whole kidnapping thing was to get me to do his bidding.
Hunter, Im not following you.  Luca is a fine, decent, business man.
Tell me you didnt stage the whole kidnapping.
She looked away.  He has some friends, they needed his help.  He only asked me to be part of a little white lie.
He could tell she was in denial.  Worse, she was in danger by even associating with Pea.
She had a pleading look, sitting in a stupor across from him.  He couldnt risk telling her about Pea killing Jos.  Her reaction could put her in mortal danger.  She was starting to whimper.  Look, Sue Ann.  I know you would never deliberately try to hurt anyone in the family, but you need to understand that youre dealing with one of the most dangerous people in the state, maybe the country.
She shook her head.  You dont know what youre talking about, Hunter.  Luca is wonderful.  Hes important to the city.  Hes a friend of the Mayor for Gods sake.
He looked down momentarily in bewilderment.  Could she really be this stupid?  Hes also the largest drug smuggler on the west coast.
Youre crazy.  Hes a successful businessman.
You mean the fishing boats?
She just stared at him, so he continued.  Sue Ann, he brings drugs up from Central America in those ships.
She had tears in her eyes.  Thats impossible, Hunter.  The Coast Guard searches all the ships.  He would never be involved in something like that.  He doesnt need to be.
Sue Ann, I want you to think about this for a few days.  For your safety, you need to act perfectly normal and not let Pea know that I talked to you.  But most of all, you cant tell him anything more about the family.  If he asks, I want you to tell me.
She just stared blankly, so he admonished more firmly, Do you understand me?
What am I going to do, Hunter?
Youve got to play along with this for a few days, Sue Ann.  Ill try to work something out.
He walked past her, out the front door without looking at her or speaking.  He didnt know whether to hug her in sympathy or slug her.  He didnt do either.
The drive to San Francisco Bay was filled with emotion.  What if Sue Ann was a knowing partner in Peas drug empire? Could she really throw away her family for whatever Pea gave her?  Talking to her hadnt cleared up anything and might have blown up the whole thing in their faces.  Pea might be on his way out of the country right now!  It was probably just sleep deprivation, but he felt unsure about what to do next with her.  His head ached and he wasnt close to being done.  There was a long night ahead.
Covert Information
It was almost four oclock in the morning when he arrived at the Embarcadero on the waterfront.  He wouldnt be able to do everything hed planned.  There wasnt enough time.  He would return.  His main mission for the night was to check the ships.  There had to be some clue about how Pea eluded capture smuggling dope.  He had an idea, but needed to do some under water work to prove it.
It was impossible to avoid the attention of the police or the other security people along the wharf until he got near the commercial fishing docks where the boats were preparing to ship out before dawn.  He knew the basic layout of the docks from Google Earth aerial shots and the relative location of Peas three ships according to their assigned berths.  Since the ships were different lengths, they had specific locations along the docks to fit with other ships.  He drove down the dock, weaving around pallets of supplies that were being winched aboard some of the boats.  Near the end of the dock, in the dark shadows near the Oakland Bay Bridge he saw Sea Fury in her berth.  Ocean Queen was next to it.  Ocean Wanderer was in the last slip at the end of the wharf.  Both the Fury and Wanderer had lighted decks.  All the commercial boats tied up along the dock had lights to discourage trespassers.  These ships didnt contain much that common burglars could carry away, but the electronics aboard were worth thousands of dollars.  On most of the ships, there was at least one crewman sleeping aboard as a security measure, unless the whole crew was preparing to get underway.  He assumed both of Peas ships had guards.  John Richards words played over and over in his mind.  Pea must not get spooked.  He already had concerns about Sue Ann, and he needed to avoid causing more damage exploring the ships.
Minutes later, he had parked beside a darkened warehouse, leading out into the bay, a quarter mile south of Peas boats.  He was nearly invisible entering the water with every inch of his body and equipment colored black.  He had maintained his equipment in perfect working order since leaving the Navy.  The outgoing surge took hold of him on the surface as he drifted within a hundred feet of Ocean Wanderer before silently lowering his head below the surface, exhaling to drop, rather than doing a classic jackknife to sink.  SEALS are trained for harbor recon at night without creating even a ripple in the water.  Anyone who knew where to look would never have seen Hunter approach, then submerge.  Once sufficiently deep, he used his depth gauge to level at fifteen feet.  There was no light in the water, so he could only use his phosphorescent gauges to navigate.  He had timed the current speed, and he used his watch to estimate when he was opposite the Wanderer.  He slowly surfaced to verify his location and found himself directly behind the ship.  He submerged again and used his swim fins to neutralize the current drift while moving under the hull.  He carried glow sticks for illumination, but would not risk being seen from the surface.  His closed-circuit breathing gear concealed all of his exhausted air, replenishing it with oxygen.  There was no evidence of his presence from the surface.
Part of SEAL training involves underwater explosive placement on ship hulls.  During training, the men learn general ship construction and points of most vulnerability.  Hunter understood the basic construction of the fishing vessels and was looking for a specific anomaly.  He passed under the rudder, between the twin screws (propellers) feeling his way along the center of the bottom of the hull, the keel, in complete darkness.  Wanderers hull was amazingly clean and free of barnacles.  He was able to feel the welded seams holding the steel plates together.  The engine room was near the aft end of the ship, near the screws.  As he moved farther forward, he was under the hold area of the ship.  Thats where he felt it.  There was an open seam indicating an opening between metal plates.  He used his full arm reach to gauge the length of the open joint.  It was about twelve feet long, two full arm extensions.  At the forward end of the seam, he found a corner with the seam continuing perpendicular to the keel toward the edge of the hull, about six feet long, to another corner and a seam parallel to the keel seam.  Feeling along this seam, he found a heavy welded hinge, about a foot long.  He continued to examine the seam and found that there were three hinges in total.  At the rearward corner again, he followed the seam toward the keel, to the point where he had begun.  The hull had a door twelve feet long and six wide on the right (starboard) side.  When he investigated further, the center seam along the keel was also the bottom of an identical door on the port side of the ship.  This meant a twelve-foot square clamshell opening in the bottom of the ship.  He had suspected it, and now he had the proof.
He felt along the keel, swimming aft past the stern of Wanderer and cautiously surfaced, facing the ship.  He repeated the survey of the Ocean Queen, and did not find the opening.  Sea Fury was large enough for the same hull modification as Ocean Wanderer.
He had one more task, which was the most dangerous of all.  He needed to climb aboard deck on the Queen.  Anyone protecting the ship would be watching the dock side.  At least that was his theory.  At the stern, in the dark, he was able to thrust upward with his fins enough to grab a piece of the net, piled over the transom (back of the ship). He pulled himself upward enough to release his weight belt and hook it on the net.  He did the same with the rest of his swim gear.  His black wetsuit made it very difficult to see him as he crawled over the net piled eight feet high.  He still wore a combination bullet-proof utility vest.  It took almost ten minutes to get accurate measurements and geometry of the ships stern.  He had a small tape measure in one vest pocket.  When he was finished measuring the hull, he disappeared into the blackened bay again.
Report
Claire was cleaning up after the special weekend breakfast with the kids when Hunter drove into the driveway.  She opened the door for him, and he entered looking bone-tired.  Hi, sis.  Anything going on?
She looked at him strangely.  No, Hunt.  Where have you been all night?
He walked past her toward the bedroom. Dont ask.  He was relieved when she didnt pursue it.
She added, Did you see Sue Ann?
He stopped at the guestroom door and turned, facing her.  No, she wasnt home.
Okay ... She decided not to ask any more about their cousin given the mood he seemed to be in.
He started to step into the guest room then stopped.  Call John Richards and see if he can come by at one oclock.  Now, I wanna get some sleep.
Before she could say anything else, he closed the door.
Four hours later, he still hadnt gotten restful sleep.  Thoughts about Sue Ann kept colliding with other facts.  He worried about Laura alone in Washington.  Hed been warned and decided to go tactical, presuming that Pea wouldnt expect him back in California immediately.  Now, he didnt have a good plan.  It had always been easier in the military and the Border Patrol because he had a specific mission and adversaries who were identifiable and predictable and no tangential conflicts.  This was an intangible war with Pea.  The adversary was known, and the odds favored him a thousand fold.  The Kohl side of the equation had Hunter and the law if they could ever act on anything.  In the meantime, Pea had the freedom to act, seemingly at will.  He was tossing in the bed when Claire knocked on the door.  Hunter, Johns here.
A few moments later, Hunter appeared unshaven and uncombed wearing jeans and a Redskins tee-shirt.  The scent of fresh brewed coffee was appreciated.  John was standing in the kitchen with Claire enjoying a cup when Hunter stumbled in.  Hey, John.
Hey, yourself, Hunter.  You look like youre twelve hours out of sync with the clock.
He just shook his head.  At least.
Claire handed him a cup of black full-roast.  You wanna sit on the patio?
Hunter nodded his head again.  It would be best to talk out of earshot if the kids happened to be around the house.
It was a cool-ish sunny day in the Sierra foothills, one of those days that should be appreciated as winter approaches.  John was dressed in dockers and a plaid flannel shirt, looking like he had been planning to do something other than yard work over the weekend.  Hunter began, John, Im sorry to interrupt your weekend.  Ive got some information that could help you a lot, putting Pea away.
Its okay, Hunter.  I sometimes go to see my daughter at school, but this is important, and I can call her tomorrow.  Theres only so much face time shell tolerate between allowance checks.
They all smiled.  Hunter nodded and said, I know how Pea moves his drugs.
John had a small note pad that always seemed to appear when he wanted to talk officially.  Go ahead, Hunter.
Hunter skipped all the preliminary details regarding how he got the information.  Pea has twelve-foot trap doors cut in the bottom of his ships hulls.  I confirmed it on Ocean Wanderer.  Sea Fury is gone right now, but shes big enough to have the same hull mods.
What about his other boat, Ocean Queen?
Shes too small.  The hull is intact.  I can sketch the location of the openings pretty accurately.  Theyre right under the ships freezer tanks.
John was writing notes.  Dare I ask how you know this?
Lets just say I took a midnight swim last night and bumped into a couple hulls.
Claire protested.  Hunt, are you crazy.  They could kill you if they knew you found this.
Im pretty good in the water, sis.  Besides, something has to be done to put these guys away.
John nodded his head.  Yeah, this is really hot stuff, Hunter.  Ill get a hold of the FBI right away.  Maybe weve got enough for a search warrant now.  Anything else?
Hunter looked quickly at Claire then back at John.  Ive got all the stern rail dimensions of Ocean Queen.  If they match the crease marks under Joss car that should prove Pea killed him.
John looked reticent.  Hunter, this is more difficult.  Im not sure the DA will risk a warrant on the boat if the defense can argue that it was prompted by illegal trespassing.  I assume you werent invited aboard?
Hunter rubbed his temples.  Look, John, whats it gonna take to get someone aboard that boat legally and get the evidence to cook this guy?
Its not that straightforward, Hunter.  Even if we could get the dimensions admitted, Im not sure it would prove anything conclusive and would probably be a signal for Pea to boogey out of here.  I mean, the guys not stupid enough to have been on the boat when the car was dumped ... sorry, Claire.
Hunter was frustrated.  Look, I dont want to be the only one with this information, so Im giving it to you, and you and the FBI can use it any way you want.
John wanted to be encouraging.  Look, Hunter, the ships trap doors are key, but it would still be best to catch him in the act.
Hunter was tired and irritable.  Okay, John.  I dont know how well do it, but Ill think of something.
John leaned closer, glancing at hunter, then Claire, and then back at Hunter.  Look, Hunter.  Youve got to stay out of this.  Youre interfering with a federal investigation, which is a crime.  Im only telling you this as a friend.  You could also get killed or cause Pea to bolt out of here.  If either happens it would be a tragedy.  I want you to go back to Washington and let us handle it.
Hunter looked at his clenched hands.  John, Ive just given you the best intel youve had yet.  Im not giving up on this.  Without me freelancing a little, youre not getting anywhere.
Hunter, Ive said my piece.  John looked at Claire.  Maybe you can talk some sense into him, Claire.  Then he stood to leave.  She pursed her lips and didnt say anything, walking Richards to the front door.
She was walking back to the patio when the phone rang.  Hunter was too tired and upset to listen to her side of the conversation from the kitchen.  It was a short call, and she returned to be with Hunter.  Sue Ann is coming up tomorrow.  She wants to talk to you.
He exhaled, Oh, Great.
Tracker
Navy SEALS have a long tradition as unconventional warriors.  They train with Army and Marine Special Forces to fight alone in small units or as individuals in severely hostile environments.  SEALs specialize further in maritime incursions, attacking from the land or water, or often underwater.  They speak a language that only SpecOps people understand and remain close-knit for life.  They never stop being Navy SEALS.
Hunter made a call to Naval Special Warfare Command Coronado, in San Diego.  Let me talk to Commander Hollis.
After some interrogation by the Petty Officer answering the phone, there was a brief pause.  Hollis.  Each SEAL Team is commanded by a Navy Commander (O-5) who has a number of SEAL platoons and equipment under his command.
Jim.  Its Hunter Kohl.
Hunter!  Hows it going Lieutenant?  You still with the Border Patrol?  Pity the poor Mexicans.  Hunter had been a platoon leader under Hollis who was a Lieutenant Commander when Hunter left the teams.
Jim, Im leading a soft life.  I work for the state now.  Im kind of a lobbyist in DC.
Are you kidding me?  Youve got the social graces of a whale.  How did that happen?  I thought you wanted to go fight the drug war single-handed.
Well, in a way, I am, only its with my mouth instead of a gun.
Amazing, Hunter.  You ever get to San Diego?
Hunter chuckled then retorted.  Are you ever IN San Diego?
Good point.  You caught me in one of our rare training periods.
Hunter smiled to himself.  Good.  Ive got a very special training request Id like to make.
You name it, Hunter.  As long as its legal, or we wont get caught, Im in.
Hunter said, I dont know if its legal or not, but do you still have some ship trackers?  One of the missions of the SEALS was to enter harbors undetected and attach transponders to the hulls of certain ships to monitor their movements.
Yeah.  We gotta few.
Good.  Howd you like to send three units north to SF Bay?  I want to track some druggies.
Is this for national defense?
Its helping fight the War on Drugs.
Close enough.  When do you need em?
I need three ASAP.
Okay.  Can you be at Travis AFB tonight after oh-dark-thirty?  Ill check with North Island and have one of my guys come up.  Hell bring his gear, also.
Thats great, Jim.  Just let me know when to be there.  Im about an hour away in the off hours.
The call ended, and Hunter went back to sleep, he was going tactical again and loved it.  He was finally doing something tangible.  If the feds need to catch Pea in the act, Hunter would lead them to him.  He worried about Sue Ann, but there wasnt anything he could do for her at the moment.
He slept for three hours before his phone beeped with an SMS message, telling him to be at Travis at zero dark thirty, 00:30AM.  His watch said nine oclock at night, and he decided to shower and eat something before driving back toward the Bay Area.  Claire knew he was up to something, something that was probably illegal or could get him killed.  She wanted to know more and maybe discourage him, but she knew her brother well enough to know he wouldnt discuss it, nor stop whatever he was up to.  She just left him alone.
He left the house a little after eleven that night.  The traffic was light as he meandered off I-80 at the Vacaville exit, following the signs to Travis AFB in Fairfield.  At the gate, they had his information, and he was directed to the transit terminal to meet the Navy flight.  As part of the Military Airlift Command, Travis is a busy airport around the clock.  When Hunter arrived at the terminal, three planes were in the process of arriving or departing.  One of them was a Navy C130 Hercules that is used often for SEAL Team parachute drops.  Its coloring and markings distinguished it from the Air Force aircraft.
The big plane taxied using only two of its four turboprop engines, until stopping far to the right of the other aircraft.  The loading ramp was lowered in the rear and a lone sailor in a Woodland Camo Battle Dress Uniform walked down with a full duffle bag over his shoulder and carrying a Pelican equipment case in his other hand.  Hunter went out to meet him and help with his gear.  Petty Officer First Class Calib Leeks introduced himself.  Hello, sir, its good to meet you.  Commander Hollis told me some stuff about you.  I was still in boot camp when you were with the team.
Hunter smiled and took the Pelican Case, Good to meet you, Leeks.  You good for a swim tonight?
Yes, sir!  Sure beats hanging around the ready room waiting for the phone to ring.
Military life is often solitary.  These elite fighters spend endless hours training and waiting for assignment -- always waiting.  Sometimes, weeks go by without a mission.  Boredom is a major problem and is a major reason so many leave the service after their first enlistment is over.  They crave action, but ninety percent of their time is waiting, followed by short intense missions, then back to waiting.  Hunter understood why Leeks was thrilled to be doing something, anything, to break the monotony.  Covert night ops in harbors were a pure adrenalin rush.
They reached the Embarcadero district around two oclock, parking in a lot near Fishermans Wharf where Hunter diagramed the berthing layout for Leeks.  They discussed the best location to place the transponders under the hull to avoid being seen from the surface, or near the clamshell doors, where divers might work.  Hunter checked the tide table, and they discussed the best location to enter the water undetected and use the current to carry them under the Bay Bridge to the vessels, as Hunter had done the night before.  Once the op began, there would be no voice communications.  They would need to be fully rehearsed and act independently then escape, unseen by anyone, in the dark.  This was SEAL work at its basic best.
Thirty minutes later, on a rocky edge of the Bay, east of the bridge, they entered the frigid water, which was completely black in the moonless night.  It was exhilarating.  Cold water in their suits was the first tangible sign that the op was beginning.  Their underwater equipment was weighted to be slightly negative buoyancy, so that they could submerge easily when necessary.  At the beginning of the op, they kept only their heads slightly above water, breathing surface air.  If anyone could have seen them in the water, they would look like two harbor seals, submerged except for their black heads.  They pushed the transponders ahead of them in small buoyancy bags that allowed enough water to enter so that the unit would almost sink, offering the least resistance to the swimmer.
The approach took thirty minutes from a mile away.  Both men stayed about arms-length apart, not to lose sight of each other.  The Oakland Bay Bridge street lights high above reflected white slivers across the water and gave them enough light to see each other.  The swim out was effortless with the receding tide doing most of the work.  The swim back would be against the current, requiring all their strength to counteract four mile-per-hour outbound water.
At the first ship, Leeks disappeared below the surface and Hunter continued another hundred feet to the Ocean Queen.  He relaxed and sank two feet before using his fins, turning toward the ship.  It was totally black under the water and he watched his back-lit depth gauge.  At four meters (seventeen feet), he swam vigorously for thirty seconds on course one-eight-zero then rose carefully, feeling for the bottom of the hull, without being able to see it.  Within seconds, his neoprene glove touched metal.  Using his hands, he pushed left, guessing that the centerline was that direction and found the keel.  He swam inverted along the keel toward the stern of the ship until it began curving upward, several feet ahead of the rudder.
He pulled the first transponder from the bag and placed it against the bottom of the hull, next to the keel.  Strong magnets held the unit in place.  From experience, he removed a waterproof tab by feel, allowing sea water to enter the fuel-cell opening.  He then repeated the process under Fury berthed beside Queen.  When finished with the second transponder, he descended a few feet and swam for twenty seconds at three-six-zero degrees, back out into the channel.  He surfaced silently and swam against the current, using a type of butterfly stroke, without creating any surface disturbance.  It was the most basic skill learned and practiced every day by the SEALS.  Their most powerful weapon in hostile water was stealth.  It took about two minutes to reach the stern of Ocean Wanderer, where Leeks was waiting.  The two began the long strenuous swim back to the launch point, against the current.  They remained completely undetectable.
Half an hour later after passing under the Bay Bridge, they slid onto the shore rocks and silently moved in the dark back to Hunters car.  They stripped gear and redressed beside an abandoned warehouse where hed parked, and were driving away minutes later.  Hunter spoke for the first time, How did it go?
No prob, L.T.  Everything went as we planned it.
Hunter smiled.  Look, Id buy you a beer, but the bars are all closed at two oclock.
No problem, sir.  If youll get me back to base, Ill get my ride back home.
An hour later, they were in Fairfield again, nearing the Travis terminal.  Hunter extended his hand, Leeks, it was a great pleasure.  Ill touch base with Hollis and give a report.
Thank you, sir.  The transponders should be at power by now.  As soon as we get positive position lock, well start streaming position information to you over the network.  You gotta work out a private IP address with the Commander.
Will do, Leeks, and thanks.
After returning the car, Hunter was back in bed at Claires by five in the morning.
Conspiracy
Hunter went to the bathroom and took three Advil before returning to the guest room for a couple hours of sleep, waiting for his cousin to arrive.  He had no idea what more to say to her and really didnt want a scene in front of Claire and the kids.  Instead of sleeping, he called Laura.  Hi, babe.  I just pulled an all-nighter and wanted to hear your voice.
Whats going on, Hunter?  You sound depressed.
He sat on the bed with his forehead resting in his hand, rubbing his temples.  Actually, I had a good first day.  I learned a lot.  I guess I just want this guy Pea out of our lives.  The wheels of justice are moving too slowly.
Hes a monster, Hunter, a Killer; just stay away from him and be safe.
He exhaled.  Laurie, I dont know how to do that.  Hes crushing me in a vice and threatening my family.  He didnt say she was in danger, but they both knew it.
They talked for a few more minutes, then Hunter lay on the bed and closed his eyes.  He didnt know how long he slept before muffled voices began registering.  He felt sluggish and dreaded getting up.  Moments later, still disheveled, he walked into Claires living room where she and Sue Ann were talking about unrelated family matters.
Claire spoke first, Did you get some sleep?
Hunter ran his hand though his hair, Yeah. I feel pretty good.  He avoided making eye contact with Sue Ann, which alerted Claire.
Sue Ann was silent while Hunter sat with them, finally looking at her.  Well, fancy seeing you again.
Sue Ann looked down as Claire spoke.  Whats going on here?
Hunter looked at Sue Ann, You want to tell her, or should I?
Sue Ann sat up straighter and glanced at him before addressing Claire.  Hes right to be mad at me, Claire.  Ive been a bad girl.
Claire looked at her, but didnt speak as Sue Ann continued.  Hunter sat back and looked at his feet.  The short of it is that Ive been dating Luciano Pea for almost a year.
Claire gasped, putting her hand to her mouth.
Sue Ann went on.  I didnt know who he was.  I should have done more homework, but, I dont know, maybe he just swept me off my feet.  Headline--Poor school teacher romanced by millionaire playboy and his friends.  I didnt look deeply.  She started to cry, but continued.  At ... at first, he just gave me everything and we went everywhere.  There was the jet, the gifts, the travel.  It was all just unreal.  I feel so ashamed and mad because he could buy me.  He used my affections because he could buy me!  She was sobbing.  I didnt ever want to be a bad person.  I just wanted to be special, but he was just using me.
Claires disbelief turned more sympathetic.  What about the kidnapping, Sue Ann?  What about that?
Sue Ann looked at Hunter then Claire with red swollen eyes.  I thought he was just doing some friends a favor.  I swear Claire, I was horribly conflicted.  Luca never asked me to do anything before except be his lover.  I thought I was living a fairytale.  But then he said he needed something in return from me.  It made me sick, but I did it.  I did it!  I scared my family for him.  I swear it changed our relationship, but I didnt stop seeing him.  He hasnt asked for anything since then.
Claire was looking past Sue Ann.  Youre still seeing him?
Sue Ann nodded.  I shouldnt be, I guess.  She wiped her eyes on a napkin.  I should have broken it off, but like I said, I still wanted to play the princess.
Hunter had been watching the exchange.  He said, more gently than hours earlier, Sue Ann, theres something we didnt tell you that you need to know.  Its very confidential and could blow the lid off the investigation into Pea and Joss murder.
She stared at him.  What?  What do you mean?
Claire interrupted.  Suzy.  Luciano Pea is the biggest drug smuggler on the west coast.  Hes a murderer.  He killed Jos.  Tears formed in Claires eyes.  He locked Jos in the trunk of his car and dumped him in the ocean like garbage to drown.  Thats your lover.
Sue Ann buried her face in her hands and sobbed uncontrollably.  Hunter went to the kitchen for a glass of water, unsure if it was wise to confide in her.
He returned and handed her the water.  She was shocked and in disbelief.  Look, Sue Ann, weve known about him for a long time.  We recently made the connection with Jos.  The state police, the FBI, theyre building a case against him to put him down for good.
She composed herself, somewhat.  I want to help.  This mans an animal.  He didnt care for me.  Hell, he doesnt even care for his wife.  I want to cut off his balls!
Hunter remained serious and Claire was standing, looking out into the backyard.  He said, Look, Sue Ann, you need to be extremely careful.  If he even gets a hint that you know about any of this, hell kill you.  He took her hand and made her look at him.  Hell kill you.  Hell kill Claire, and hell come after me.  Do you understand?
What should I do, Hunt?  I cant just stop with him.  Hell know, hell know!
Sue Ann, this is the hard part.  You need to play along until its over.
How can I do that, Hunt?  This man is a murderer.  He killed Jos.  I could never look at him again.
Look, cousin, I dont care what it takes.  If you have to blame yourself for all of it to remain focused, then do it.  You do whatever is needed to keep on task.  If you blow it, youll be the first to die, and then therell be the rest of us.
She sat looking at him, breathing deeply, then looked at Claire.  There really isnt another choice, is there, Hunter?
He paused, then said, No, Sue Ann.  There really isnt a choice.
They all talked for a few more minutes, but the strain between them prevented any longer stay, so Sue Ann left to drive back to San Jose.
Claire spoke to Hunter after she left.  Hunt, I just dont believe this.  Shes been sleeping with the devil and maybe even putting us all in bigger danger.
Shes been played by a master, Claire.  In a way, you cant blame a girl for wanting to live a dream.  Hell, we could all get fooled if someone came on like this bastard.
Claires expression didnt change.  Shes in real danger now, Hunt.
Sis, shes been in danger since she first met this maniac.  Now, she just needs to stay focused until this is over.
How long will this take, Hunter?  How long?
I dont know, sis.  The law works slowly.  I dont know if we can wait that long.
Hunter.  I dont like the look on your face.  Ive already lost a husband.  I dont want to lose you too.
He shook his head.  I know, sis.  I know.  I need some more rest.  Wake me in a couple hours.  He didnt wait for her response and went back into the guest room, closing the door.
Setback
He slept past noon, then packed for his return to Washington.  Most of his equipment would stay locked in his largest suitcase in Claires closet.  He called Laura, telling her that he was flying the red-eye back and would arrive at Reagan National at seven-thirty in the morning.  If things went on schedule, which they tend to do on overnight flights, he would be in his apartment by eight-thirty and get a couple more hours sleep before trying to work.  They planned to have dinner together.  Fortunately, Hunter was conditioned to sleeping on airplanes, and the commercial liners were more comfortable than the military planes where most of his night flights had occurred.
He didnt talk to Sue Ann again before departing and advised Claire to keep tabs on her.  He was worried that Pea had survived to be the drug king of California because he wasnt easily deceived.  He also had no qualms about ending conflicts violently.  In his world he didnt need evidence, search warrants and juries to find someone guilty and punish them.  Punishment meant death in the drug world.  There were no prisons and no forgiveness.
Claire took him to the airport and gave him a big hug. She didnt even know what he had done, except to uncover Sue Anns treachery, but she did know that he had been away late for two nights and used some of his private military equipment.  She knew he would never tell her everything.  She just hoped he wasnt fighting Pea on his own.  Shed heard the discussion with John Richards and knew Hunters frustration.  As a lawyer, she respected the law.  As a potential victim in Peas campaign, she respected Hunters abilities even more.  She just wished he wasnt alone.  The Government was not going to help until they had an ironclad case against Pea, and they might all be dead by then.  Another part of her wanted to see Pea suffer the way they were suffering under his threats -- the way Jos had suffered.
Hunter boarded the US Airways flight at ten-thirty.  He took a window seat, planning to stay in one place for the entire flight.  His body was conditioned to relax to the drone of the engines when they started.  He could sleep for the entire flight if the attendants left him alone and the PA system was silent.  Once the cabin lights were dimmed, he started dreaming of Laurie.  He imagined walking down the aisle with her.  His dream lasted longer than an actual ceremony and he awoke as the captain announced that the flight attendants should prepare the cabin for landing.
National is a busy airport on Monday mornings with people coming and going in the heart of the Capitol.  The plane wasnt particularly full, so he was off quickly, walking down the concourse toward the exit.  Without his bags, he would by-pass baggage and head straight for the Metro.  He didnt even notice the man following him.  Number Two from the enforcement company had managed to purchase a ticket on the flight without reservation after following Hunter from Claires house.  His partner, Number Three, was curbside with a car ready to follow a cab, unless Hunter took the Metro.
As Hunter came to the escalator up to the Metro, she was waiting for him.  She looked gorgeous and fresh, with more energy than he could match.
Laura smiled at his shocked expression.  They embraced.  He said, What are you doing here?  This is a great surprise.  Wow, its really early!
She smiled and put her arm around him, walking toward the garage.  I figured youd be surprised.  You flew all night and I thought Id save you a little time and energy.  My car is over in the garage.  Its not far.
Number Two was close enough behind to hear part of it.  He didnt follow them.  He met Three at the outward island of the arrival level and drove to Hunters apartment.  They had both been there before.  Twos job was just to monitor and report, nothing violent for now.
Hunter sat in the passenger seat as Laura pulled out of the ground-floor entrance into the circular drive around the airport before exiting south onto the George Washington Parkway.  He put his head back, but couldnt close his eyes.  They talked quietly while she drove toward Old Town, Alexandria.  She didnt want to exhaust him, but he didnt feel as tired as she imagined.  When they arrived, the street had numerous parking spaces, so she parked directly behind his car.  Two and Three were out of sight, about a hundred feet up on the opposite side.  Two said, I wonder if the fool has moved his auxiliary key?
Hunter didnt indicate anything about it.  He pulled his key ring from his pocket, letting Laura in ahead of him.  There was no hidden key outside any longer.
Inside, she said, Get comfortable, Ill make you some breakfast.
He put his arms on her shoulders.  Do I have time to shower and brush my teeth?
Yeah.  Brush your teeth and use some mouthwash.
He smiled and went to the bathroom to run the shower.  Fifteen minutes later, he appeared in clean clothes, looking refreshed.  Okay.  Wheres breakfast?
She pulled a chair from the table.  Sit.
He did as he was told, and she brought him fresh coffee.  All you have is toast and some eggs.
She was standing next to him, and he put his arm around her waist, resting his head on her hip.  You know, I love you so much.  Youre all I could think about in California.
She smiled.  So, you gonna tell me what you did out there?
No.  I just visited my sister and my cousin.
She didnt believe him.  You made a mad dash on Friday and took a redeye back on Sunday.  Thats not a visit.  Thats an agenda.
He bit into his toast and smiled up at her.  I had some family business to take care of.
Oh, when do I get to be part of this family?
When its safe.
She sat down with her own cup of coffee.  He asked, What about work for you today?
I left a message for my boss that I would be late.
Youre something else.  Are you going to meet me at the airport after were married?
Probably not.  She giggled.
His phone rang.  Hello.
Hunter.  It was Leigh Bryant.  We need to start playing damage control.
What do you mean, Leigh?
Well, after you disappeared on Friday, I called Amy Letourneau, you know I told you Ive known her forever.  Shes Senator Blithes Office Director.
This didnt sound good.  He said, I remember.
Hunter.  Blithe is backing off the Senate bandwagon.  Shes scared after Romanoff was attacked.  He said in his press conference that it was the reason he was almost killed.
Should I call Ben Willis?
Wont do any good.  Amy said its off the table.  Shes looking for something less dangerous to support.
Hunter was running his hands through his cropped hair again.  All right, Im going to call Brian Collie and make sure the language is still attached.  Then well need to come up with plan B.
Hunter, were running out of time.  If this goes out of committee in the Senate, theyll vote in full session by Friday.
He responded.  Thats why I need to check with the committee staff.  If its already out of the bill, then we lose.  If its still in there, we can try something.
She had more.  It gets worse, Hunter.  Romanoff hasnt done anything on the House side to get the language added.  I think hes got cold feet.
Oh, great.  So all the fancy influencing weve done came unraveled?
She answered, Seems like it, Hunter.  You need to check with his staff to find out whats happening.
The call was ending.  Okay, Leigh.  Thanks for the heads up.  Ill get to work on this right away.
Good Luck, Hunter.
He would need more than good luck.  Romanoff had turned from hero to coward.  It didnt seem like him.
The Bribe
A week earlier, Number Two was in Cleveland delivering a briefcase filled with five hundred thousand dollars to Mr. Carl Keesler.  It was a private settlement that had been offered by an interested party, according to Number Two, for Mr. Keeslers daughter to drop all charges against Congressman Aaron Romanoff.  A press release was circulated to all the major agencies explaining that it had all been a misunderstanding and been blown out of proportion by the media.  Keeslers daughter had misinterpreted one of Romanoffs kind gestures incorrectly and was now recanting.  In fact, she was willing to re-join the campaign staff if the Congressman would have her.  In a press release from Romanoffs Cleveland office, he stated that he was grateful that it was cleared up and wished the Keeslers well.  In the future, however, he would no long accept any member of his campaign who was under eighteen.
In exchange for the payment, Romanoff agreed to participate in a charade, a drama act in public.  He agreed to meet with Number Three in his townhome to work out the details.  Fortunately for the Congressman, Number Three proved to be a man of his word and an excellent shot.  He promised to miss the Congressman during his run for life.  Three was true to his word, and the whole scene was fully believable.  The escape from death elevated Romanoff in the polls once again.  Then his brave statements on drug reform gained more favor with the electorate, and he was back in the high seventies for percentage of party voters.  He went from marginal to unstoppable with the aid of Luca Pea without ever knowing who his benefactor was.  Of course, Senator Jenson had outlined the whole strategy, even if it did mean a seat for the opposite party in Congress.  Although it was never discussed, the opposite scenario could have occurred if Number Three had actually aimed at the Congressman.  Pea was more accustomed to the latter approach to problem solving and reluctantly gave up half a million in cash.  He was learning diplomacy, Washington style.
Hunter called Brian Collie on the Senate Appropriations Committee Staff.  Hey Brian, its Hunter Kohl.
Brian didnt sound enthused to hear from Hunter.  Oh, hi, Hunter.  Whats going on?
Brian.  I wanted to check on our language in the Bill.
Ah.  I cant be specific, Hunter.
Brian, what do you mean?  Youve been helpful throughout this, but now you wont talk?
Look, Hunter.  Something is going on.  The Ranking Member (Jenson) asked to review the language.  He was the author for Christs sake.  Something changed his mind.  Months ago, he wanted it to go to vote in the Senate.  Now Im not sure.
Whens it going to be voted out of Committee, Brian?
It could be this week, Hunter.
Ill call you back.
Laura saw the pained expression on his face.  She asked, Whats wrong, Hunter.  What did he say?
Hunter stood and walked into the living room then sat on the couch, looking at her.  Laurie, I dont know.  Last week, we had it all under control.  Now, its all gone to shit.  I dont know whats going on.  Im calling Leigh back.  He had his mobile phone in his hand.
She answered on the first ring.  Leigh, Its bad.  Everyone has bailed on us.  I dont know what to think!  He hadnt told Leigh about Peas visit.  He was supposed to kill the bill, but it was already dead.
Leigh thought for a minute.  Hunter.  If I remember the strategy from Jos, the state gave up the initiative when the Fed took over.  The state wanted to see if the Fed would do this nationwide, but if it got killed at the federal level, then it would clear the way for states rights.  Wasnt that the strategy?
Hunter agreed.  I think it was, Leigh, but that assumed that the Fed would actually vote on the issue.  Right now, it wont even get out of committee.  Not only that, if it gets out that Blithe, Romanoff and Jenson now oppose it, or at least dont support it, itll be hard to get any senator to act defiantly.
Hunter.  You dont have time to change things this year.  If they vote this week, its another year before anyone will take it up, and its an off-election year for Congress.  You probably lose two years.
Leigh, I cant handle two more years here.  He was looking at Laura, wishing hed never said it.  He knew Washington was fickle, but something else was going on.
They concluded the call, and Hunter sat staring at Laura, holding his phone.  She broke the silence.  So, is the language dead?
He nodded.  Yeah.
What does that mean, Hunter?  Are you leaving now, or will you stay through and try again?
I dont know Laurie.  I need to talk to Claire and see what the state wants to do.  Actually, I kind of see this as my failure.  If they had the right kind of person, someone like Leigh Bryant working on this full time, instead of a rookie like me, maybe wed have a more solid plan.
Hunter. Dont be down on yourself.  I think there are things bigger than any of us at work here.  Think about all the threats.  That guy, Pea, mustve thought you were trouble for him.  Look what he did to your cousin.
He wasnt looking at her, but was thinking about his cousin.  Yeah, Sue Ann.  I need to tell you the rest of the story.  For the next thirty minutes, he told her about Sue Anns confession, and they discussed what a madman like Pea was capable of.  She wasnt mad at his cousin and actually felt worse for Sue Ann as a female being so manipulated.
She was quiet and probably more scared than before.  He couldnt help it.  She needed to know to be careful.  He added, Look, I need to make some calls on some things.  Ill walk you to the Metro.
She agreed.  Okay, Hunter, but Id like to spend the night here tonight.
He couldnt tell if she was scared or wanted to console him.  Id like that.
Good.  Ill stop by my place first tonight and then come back for dinner.  You can cook!  She was smiling.
He smiled too, Id love to.
She added, Ive got a ton of work, so my computer and I will be busy all night, but at least well be together.
They were watched, leaving his apartment, but nobody followed.
Hunter was walking back several minutes later, after he had escorted Laura and confirmed that no one followed her to the platform.  He was just back in his apartment, getting ready to call Claire when his phone rang.  Hello.
Hunter, its Jim Hollis.
How are you, Commander?
Im fine.  Petty Office Leeks said you planned a perfect op.
Hunter smiled.  Pretty easy, Jim.  It was almost identical to Panama.  Hes a good man, Leeks.
Yeah.  Hes one of our best and brightest, but weve got a lot of those.  Reminds me of you.
Well, thanks, Jim.  Were doing a service against major crime, and it was fun to be tactical again.
Excellent, Hunter.  I wanted to give you an IP address to tag into for the GPS on your boats.
Im good to go Jim, whats the number?
Hollis gave him the string of computer numbers to retrieve the data coming from the transponders then said, They havent moved yet.
Hunter responded.  It might be a while.  I dont know what the schedules are.
Its okay, Hunter.  They transmit for years with those ocean-powered cells.  We just need to get them off before the next yard haul.
I think were good to go there, Jim.  Both bottoms were clean.  I dont think theyre coming out for at least two years.  When do you need the trackers back?
Well, you know, Hunter.  We never know.  Ive got one or two locked away, so it could be never.  It could be next week, but I think youre okay for a few months.
They talked briefly about the team and some of the people Hunter knew.  Some were still aboard, some had transferred, and a couple had followed Hunter out of the Navy  both were Government contractors working as Mercenaries in Afghanistan making huge salaries.  Hunter had never wanted to be a hired killer.  In fact, he really didnt like that aspect of being a SEAL at all.
After talking with Hollis, he called Claire in her State Capital office and explained the new situation.
She responded.  Hunter, it was always a long shot.  Jos never expected them to carry it this far.  The original plan was to get it through the state and fight it in the Supreme Court if the Fed challenged the constitutionality.  Were probably back to that plan.  Youve been amazing getting it this far.
He was flattered, but wasnt pleased with himself.  Claire, Ive been here almost a year, and it seems like a waste.
Look, Hunter.  In politics and in the law there are no certain outcomes.  If you continue to work for the state, youll need to get used to some failures.  But look at it this way, youve gone the distance in Washington.  Most of our state bureaucrats have never had that experience.
He grinned.  Next youll want me to go to law school.
Whats wrong with that?
Forget it, sis.  Im not the student type.  So, what do you think about Sue Ann?
I dont know, Hunt.  I havent figured it out yet.  I feel sorry that some rich guy could buy her.  I just find it hard to believe she would go as far as she did.
Look, she was family before she was a traitor.  Lets keep an eye on her.  She may be in extreme danger now that shes confessed to us.
Claire continued.  Hunt.  I think Ive got to tell John Richards about Sue Ann.  Hes working with the FBI and they need to know shes come forward to us.
I know, Claire.  I think you have to tell John.  No way to avoid it if hes keeping us in the loop and pressing for Joss killer.  I just wish ... I dont know, something is odd.
About John?
I dont know, just something clicked when we talked to him yesterday.  Its like hes taking it too slow.
Hunter.  Hes being cautious.  Pea could rabbit out of here if they dont have him boxed in concrete.  John just doesnt want another high-profile California case going south because some prosecutor is shooting blanks.
Yeah.  Youre probably right.
Stalemate
There was nothing he could do.  A few phone calls confirmed that the language in the Appropriations Bill was out.  All he could do now was wait to confirm it.  Laura spent most of the next nights with him.  She probably wasnt in much danger now, but he felt better having her with him.  The threats from Pea were still lingering in the background.  There was nothing that he needed to do to kill the language, but he still worried.
Claire told Richards about Sue Anns deception.  She didnt know about the transponders on the ships.  That was Hunters private undertaking that might be on the fringes of the law.  He didnt want to compromise his sister, the state attorney or the FBI.  He had the ability to track the ships, and he would decide how and when to use the information.
At the end of the week, on Friday, he logged in on his computer and checked the location of the ships.  Ocean Wanderer was at sea, heading south.  Ocean Queen had not moved since he installed the transponder.  This would be the first chance to map the route of Peas drug trade, assuming it wasnt a fishing trip.
That night, he took Laura to the Kennedy Center where the Prague Philharmonia was performing.  It wasnt his natural inclination to attend formal concerts, but it was one more dimension to explore with Laura.  She seemed to like it, which justified the expense, but it wasnt likely to be something they would do again anytime soon.  They returned to his apartment late, and he checked the street in both directions before unlocking the door.  Stay out here while I do a quick recon.
She just nodded, understanding why he was cautious.  It took only a minute for him to check both levels and turn on several lights.  That night, they finished a bottle of red wine and shared an evening of passion.
He rose at six in the morning, curious about Peas ships progress.  Ocean Wanderer was in international waters off San Diego, but Ocean Queen had also left port.  It was about three in the morning in California, and the ship was at the mouth of SF Bay, heading due west. He made coffee and thought about running, but it was Saturday, and he wanted to monitor the ships, even if they only moved at twelve knots, about fourteen MPH.  Laura slept until almost ten oclock, secure in his apartment.  Ocean Wanderer had progressed past Ensenada and Ocean Queen had reversed course at the Farallons, apparently heading back to port in San Francisco.
He watched both ships for several hours, off and on, until Laura and he left for the afternoon to visit her parents on the Eastern Shore.  This was Hunters first visit to meet Lauras parents and he was, understandably, nervous.  It wasnt like picking up his date for the prom type nervousness.  It was just that they had gotten engaged and he felt awkward about proposing without wanting to know her family.  How would they take it?  Family roots are important and shouldnt he have waited to get their tacit approval?
It turned out that he had nothing to worry about.  Lauras mother, Kate, met him in the driveway as he exited the car with a big hug, just like he was already part of the family.  Harold was a little more reserved, but greeted Hunter with a firm handshake and pat on the shoulder after hugging his daughter.  They lived in a classic center-entry colonial house on about fifteen acres, with the Chesapeake shoreline as their eastern lot line.  Everything around them was farmland, with large tracts of native trees untouched on some of the rougher ground.
They used their large house occasionally as a B&B, but there were no guests at present.  Kate Malone was an on-call nurse serving the regional elementary and middle schools nearby, and Harold was a High School history teacher.  Both had worked as civil servants at the Naval Academy when Laura was growing up, but had left for local jobs after she went away to college.
Hunter and Laura had a nice visit and he felt secure in their blessing.  They never really discussed his plans to return to California, probably because neither Kate nor Harold wanted to avoid any awkward appearance of concern.  By the time they were leaving, Hunter felt completely welcome in the Malone family.
It was after ten oclock at night when they returned to the Capitol region, and Hunter walked with her to her door.  They didnt have much more to say after the two-hour trip, but both agreed that Lauras parents were pleased that she was marrying Hunter.  The only negative element, which was not discussed at her folks home or on the trip back to Washington, was his desire to move back to California after this legislative session ended.  For his part, Hunter wasnt sure if his feelings about Washington werent changing.  Laura wasnt pressing the issue; her feelings were already known to him.
They kissed outside her door and she stroked his face saying, Good night.  He left without any more discussion, realizing that the decision to move to the West Coast was looming as an obstacle yet to be resolved before they were married.
Back at his apartment, before going to bed, he checked the transponder positions.  Wanderer was nearing the Costa Rican coast close to Puntarenas.  Queen was apparently tied up again at her dock in San Francisco.  He recorded the time and date of Wanderers progress.  He ignored the Queen except to note its brief excursion offshore.
 Earlier in the evening, in California, Sue Ann had awaited Lucas car on Saturday night.  He had invited her to an installment ceremony for him as President of the San Francisco Community Fishing Association.  He said it was a low-key event, but wanted her there.  It would take place aboard his ship, the Ocean Queen, where he would meet her.  Her inner enthusiasm was gone since learning the truth about him, but she was determined to help get the evidence that would convict him of Joss murder.  The car arrived on time and the driver got out and opened her door for her.  She was alone in the car with the driver on US 101, glad that no one else, especially Ramon, was had come along.
When the car pulled up to the ships dock, she waited for the driver to open her door.  She was beautifully dressed in an expensive sleek dark blue cocktail dress that Luca had bought for her.  She wore the expensive jewelry and shoes they bought together after selecting the dress.  It was his favorite gown, showing her figure to full advantage.  She had visited the salon to have her hair put up.  She looked stunning, like the celebrity she had become in her mind.
The driver escorted her to the gangway and stood, admiring her walking ahead.  Halfway, she turned and asked, Where is everyone?
The driver responded, Were a few minutes early, maam.  Im sure Mr. Pea will be along shortly.
She complained.  Its cold out here tonight.
The driver continued standing on the dock at the end of the walkway.  Im sorry maam, but the galley is just through that hatchway at the end of the plank, thats where everyone will meet.  Its warm, and I imagine the caterer has everything set up if youd like a drink while you wait.
Something alarmed her.  She wasnt sure what it was, but she had never felt alone with anything involving Luca before.  He always said that security was a concern because of his wealth.  Why was she alone on the gangplank?
She didnt know what to do.  She didnt want to appear alarmed in front of the driver who was blocking her exit.  She hesitated, then turned and walked to the watertight door, leading inside the ship.  None of the levers was tightened, so she opened the heavy metal door and stepped through into the well-lit interior deck space.  Again, she was alone until moments later she heard footsteps coming down a stairway (ladder) from the bridge deck above.  Oh, hello, maam.  Im Pete Korb, captain of the Queen, and I think you know the man behind you.
She whirled around just as Ramon locked her in his powerful arms, squeezing her so that she could hardly breathe and couldnt scream.  While she was suspended, Korb pulled a coil of rope from a locker and began circling her legs, then upward, tying her arms tightly to her sides, so tight that breathing continued to be difficult.
Once she was completely immobile, Ramon laid her gently on the deck, face up.  She fought the bindings but was tied so tightly that movement was impossible.  What are you doing!
Korb spoke.  Sorry maam, but the bosss orders.  He told us to be gentle, so I hope youre comfortable.
Im not comfortable.  Im terrified.  I want out of here.  I want to go home!
Korb said, Maam, if youll just relax, this will be easier on all of us.
Ramon towered, standing by her feet, bending his neck to fit inside the space.  He didnt speak, but had the look of someone whod just lost a million dollars.  He obviously wanted to take advantage of the beauty under his control, but Pea had forbidden it.
She sobbed, What are you doing?  Whats happening?
Korb had moved closer to the ladder.  Maam, were taking a little boat ride.  Im sorry that you cant be more comfortable.  Ramon will keep you company for the next three hours.
Terror was overtaking her.  Three hours?  What happens in three hours?  Tears streamed freely down her face.
Korb never answered.  He was up the ladder heading to the bridge and began sending commands to the engine room where two crewmen were stationed with instructions to remain unseen.  The ship vibrated, then began moving moments later.
She pleaded.  Ramon, Ramon!  Ill do anything for you.  Let me go.  We can be together.  I know you want me.
He just smiled and walked across the galley for a chair opposite her head where she couldnt strain to see him.
The ship seemed to glide momentarily, then shuddered, and she could sense forward motion.  After several minutes, the deck under her began rising and falling gently as the ship approached the open sea.
She lay there, losing sensation in her arms and legs compressed by the bindings.  She closed her eyes and tried not to think about what was coming.  Luca had not come.  She was alone and scared, more scared than any time in her life.  Through the porthole, she could see glimpses of the oscillating full moon, which only worsened her fear.
A few hours later, it was hard to know how long, the engines stopped, and the ship floated idly for several minutes before Korb came down from the bridge, saying something to Ramon that she couldnt hear.  Korb walked past and opened the door.  Ramon rolled her over and unclasped her necklace before rolling her face-up again and handing the jewelry to Korb.  He then lifted her from the deck effortlessly as she tried helplessly to squirm.  Terror had overtaken her.  There wasnt anything she could do against the tight bindings.  Ramon carried her in the moonlight to the stern of the ship, near the nets.  He set her down momentarily while both men tied another rope around her.  She turned her head enough to see the cement blocks tied to the other end.  The reality sickened her again, even if she knew it all along.
She tried to scream.  No!  No!  Not this, not this way!  Let me go, Ill do anything!  She was crying uncontrollably.  Please, please just shoot me.  Kill me quickly ... please!  She pleaded, but neither man seemed to notice as they completed their work.
Korb was on his knees and bent over her, brushing her hair.  Mr. Pea wanted me to say thank you for him.  He wished that you and him couldve continued, but ... well, you know.  He nodded to Ramon who picked her up while Korb carried the blocks.
Her cry was silenced a second later when she disappeared into the black sea, which was nearly a thousand feet deep, according to the depth sounder.  Korb wouldnt make the same mistake as his predecessor.  Their work was done, and they returned to port.
Some days later, Claire called Hunter, worried about their cousin.  Hunter, shes not around.
What do you mean, sis?  Did you check everywhere?
Hunter.  Uncle Bob called me.  They havent heard from her in a week.  They called her school.  Shes been gone all week.  Uncle Bob went down to her apartment, and she isnt there.  He said some things on the counter were going bad.
Okay, sis.  Im calling the FBI.
Should I call John?
Yeah, but I want to get some answers from the Feds.  Theyre supposed to be working on the case, but I dont see any activity.  They never call me.
Okay, Ill call John.
He hung up and called the SF office of the FBI, asking for Special Agent Kasey McDougal.  The call transferred immediately.
This is Kasey McDougal.
Hi, Kasey.  This is Hunter Kohl.  We met during the summer when you were investigating Jos Riveras murder.
Sure, Hunter.  I remember you.  What can I do for you?
My cousin, Claires and mine, Sue Ann Flannigan, is missing.
Im sorry to hear that, Hunter, but that sounds like a local matter.
He was surprised.  Even after what she admitted about her fake kidnapping?
Im sorry, Hunter.  I dont understand.
He became suspicious.  You know the story.  She faked a kidnapping so that I would be forced to help her boyfriend Luciano Pea.
She said patiently, Im not following, Hunter.  How did your cousin get mixed up with Luciano Pea?
Didnt John Richards share the information with you?
I havent spoken to John since your sister met us at the forensics lab in Alameda.
You mean he didnt tell you that Pea tricked Sue Ann into a romance and that he forced her to pretend being kidnapped to scare the rest of us?
No, Hunter.  Do I need to call him?
No, dont do that.  I need to check some things out first.
She was emphatic.  All right, Hunter but it sounds like theres some important evidence in the case that I need to have.
Kasey.  Youll get it all as soon as I know whats going on.
All right, Hunter.
New Game
He called Claire immediately.  Sis.  Dont talk to John about anything.
What!  Hunter, hes our friend.  How can I avoid him?  He was Joss best friend at the state house, and hes helped me all along since we lost him.
Claire, I cant be specific.  Hell, I dont know enough yet, but something is rotten in Denmark!
Has this got something to do with Suzy?
He paused.  I think so.
She gasped.  Oh, Hunt.  Do you think they hurt her?  Do you think she could be ... dead?
Im gonna find out, sis.
She knew him.  She knew how he could react.  Hunter, you need to stay safe.  Let the police handle this!
You have a lot more faith in the law than me, sis.  Im a pragmatic kind of guy.  Money can do a lot of evil, so I dont trust anyone right now.  Maybe Im just jumping at shadows.  Youve known John a long time, a lot longer than me.  I dont know why, but Ive got to find out which side hes on.  Peas got a lot of big fish in his pond, which doesnt exclude John.  It might save your life.
Youre freaking me out, Hunter.  What are you going to do?
I dont know yet, but is the guest room still open?
Sure, Ill make sure the sheets are clean.
Ill call you back, sis.
The next call he made was to Laura.  Can you take a few days off and go stay with your parents?
Hunter.  Whats going on?
Laurie, I need to go back to California and straighten a few things out.  I dont want to worry about you.
Hunter, Im a big girl.  Ill be careful.  I always have my pepper spray with me and I wont travel alone.
He couldnt be in all places at once and he had to choose between protecting Laurie or leaving Claire and the kids unprotected.  And he needed to do something to stop the maniac in San Francisco.  He was going after Pea, even if the law couldnt touch him.  He wasnt the law.  All right sweetheart, but be extra careful.  I dont know who could be the next victim.
She was tense, but composed.  I will.  You call me a lot when youre gone, okay, I mean a super lot, Hunter.  Dont let me get lonely.
Ill call often, doll.  I love you!
He packed his travel bag quickly.  He didnt have a reservation, but lots of airlines flew west, and hed get to California even if he had to hop from state to state.
It was just before noon when he left the apartment carrying his oversized travel bag.  The streets were quiet as he walked up the hill toward the Metro station.  Before he reached the first corner, a car screeched to a stop ahead, and a man jumped out without closing the door, blocking the middle of the wide sidewalk.  Where do you think youre going, Kohl?
Hunter quickly sized him up.  Average height, skinhead, prison tattoos, extremely wiry, and probably had some scars hidden under his tight tee-shirt.  He recognized the man, Number Three, taking pictures from the van at the service for Jos.  He placed his travel bag on the ground beside him slowly, standing inches from the felon, looking slightly downward at his face.  I dont know you, so Id suggest you get out of my way.  Actually, he didnt want this creep in Washington with Laura.
The second man was bigger, almost Hunters size, with the same evil aura, but not as buff compared to the aggressive one.  The big man moved from the drivers side of the car to the front fender near the curb, about six feet from Hunter and the smaller man.  Both men had confident sneers, too confident.  Hunter repeated calmly, Get out of my way.
The smaller man made a small motion, almost undetectable, flipping his hunting knife open.  Hunter recognized it and punched with lightning speed with a karate jab, impacting an inch below the sternum, lifting the man six inches in the air.  The practiced blow was capable of bruising or stopping the mans heart.  While in the air, Hunter twisted the body and threw him into the other man who was momentarily stunned by the speed and ferocity of the attack.  Before the big man could reach the gun tucked inside his belt under his windbreaker, Hunter had it in his hand as both men tumbled into the street.  With a swift kick, the second mans head whipped back hard enough to compress his spine.  Neither man moved as Hunter grabbed the keys from the ignition and opened the trunk.
In less than a minute after the encounter, Hunter was driving their rental car down King Street, heading for the GW Parkway.  He drove for fifteen minutes at the speed limit to one of the large turnouts south of Alexandria, close to Mt. Vernon.  There hadnt been any noise from the back for the whole drive before he turned onto an overlook high above the Potomac River.  The temperature in the trunk, with two bodies contorted into the wheel wells was over one hundred forty degrees Fahrenheit, and the air quality was poor.
With no one else around, he backed into a parking space and opened the trunk lid.  The air inside smelled putrid.  The larger man was foaming at the mouth and probably had a broken neck.  Hunter jerked him out and laid his limp body over the guard rail, removing his wallet.  The man made a slight gurgling sound in protest as Hunter leaned close to his ear.  All right, scumbag, I know who you are.  If I ever see you again or have any reason to believe youre alive, I will kill you again.  You will die a horrible death.  The man was nearly lifeless as Hunter lifted his legs, tumbling him down the steep incline to the river fifty feet below.  He doubted that he could survive.
The smaller man was in slightly better condition, but still helpless.  Hunter threw him across the rail and removed his wallet.  He didnt look at either ID, but this one, at least, knew what was happening.  The bigger man was probably paralyzed at the neck.  Hunter made the same threat to the smaller man and watched him tumble head over heel down to the water beside the other motionless body.  Both floated face down in the river, unmoving.  He doubted that either was alive by then, but this was the closest to any kind of chance he was giving them.  He threw the gun and knife far out into the river then drove the car to the Hertz car return at National Airport, threw the keys on the drivers seat and left without a receipt.
He booked a flight on Delta leaving at two-twenty that afternoon.  He called Laura telling her when he would arrive after changing planes and reaffirmed his love for her.  After takeoff, once the plane was at cruising altitude, he asked the flight attendant for some ice in a plastic bag explaining that he had dropped some garbage on his foot rushing to catch the flight.  He actually felt more secure for Laura with two of Peas men off the streets in Washington.  It would be hours or days before anyone realized that these two were gone.  He put his head back and rested while the ice soothed his foot.
In Denver, he changed planes and called Claire telling her his arrival information.  He would rent a car.
When he arrived, he jumped aboard the Avis rental car shuttle that had a sign saying cars available.  In ten minutes, he was driving out of the lot, dialing Laura.  She answered, Hunter!  How was your flight?
Hi, lover.  It was long, but uneventful, just the way I like it.  How are you?  Is everything all right?
Im fine, Hunter.  Nothing even mildly upsetting going on here.
Good.  Lets keep it that way.  Look, doll, Im on my way to Claires, so Ill call you later.
They said goodbye, as young lovers do, then he called John Richards instead of Claire.  He answered, Richards.
John, its Hunter Kohl.
Hey, Hunter. Im surprised to hear from you so soon.  I assume youre still in DC?
Nope.  I just landed in Sacramento, John.  How bout we get together?
There was an almost imperceptible hesitation in Johns voice.  Ah, sure.  Ill come over to Claires house.
Hunter responded quickly.  No.  Not at Claires.  Lets meet at the park where Joss service was held.  He didnt know many private locations around Sacramento.
John responded.  Look, Hunter.  Lets get something to eat.  How bout the Dennys by Claires place.  We can both find it.
Hunter thought John didnt want to be alone in a private location.  That would be fine, John.  I can be there in fifteen.
Get a table, and Ill be there in twenty.
Hunter arrived at the restaurant before John and requested a booth that was slightly more private than others.  None gave much privacy.  He didnt know what he would say to John.  John was a big man who stayed in shape.  He was ten years older than Claire and probably had a crush on her.  His concern for her well-being was more than simple family friendship.  Hunter didnt have much intuition about the attraction, like most men, but there were enough signs from John.  He hoped he was wrong about other things.
John arrived a few minutes later, wearing a sport coat even in the early evening heat, characteristic of lawmen wishing to conceal their shoulder holster.  They were barely seated when the waitress attacked, taking their orders almost before they could look at the menu.  After they were settled and somewhat alone, John said, Well, this is a surprise, Hunter.  Why back so soon?
Hunter looked at his glass of water rotating in his hand.  I had to come back, John.  I needed to find out what happened to Sue Ann.  I think she was murdered.
John had a worried look, Why do you think that?
Claire knows her, and I know her.  Shes gone, and no one knows where she is.  Not even her parents.
John was earnest in his response.  There could be a hundred explanations, Hunter.  Theres no reason to think shes been murdered.
Hunter looked at him.  Oh, no?  Given her history and threats against us all, theres every reason to think shes dead.  Its the first thought in my mind.
Why dont you give it some time?
I have, John.  I just spent eight hours flying and nothing new came up.
John fumbled with his glass.  You need to give it more time.
Why, John?  Do you think anything will change?  Hunter was watching him intensely.
Hunter.  How would I know?
Their food arrived, and the next few minutes were spent quietly as both men ate guardedly.  Hunter finally asked.  John, did you tell anyone about Sue Anns confession?
Richards put down his utensils.  What are you saying, Hunter?
John, my baby cousin was murdered, and that information would get her killed.  I just need to find some answers.
Richards began eating again, slightly more rushed. Let the police find the answers.
Hunter wasnt eating. Did you tell anyone?  John, you know Pea has people in government and probably even some cops on the payroll.  Did you tell anyone?
Richards placed his fists on the table holding his knife and fork.  NO!
Hunter looked away.  All right, but I assume you shared the information with the FBI?
Yes, of course I did.
Suspicions
The dinner meeting with Richards ended quickly.  Neither wanted dessert or coffee.  Hunter told him that he would be staying at Sue Anns apartment.  If John had anything to do with her disappearance or associated with someone who informed Pea, Hunter had just made himself a target.  Anyone piecing together two missing men in Washington and his snooping around in California would see him as a threat, and Pea had only one way to deal with threats.  He didnt want to be close to Claire on this trip.
He drove to Claires house for the rest of his gear and cautioned her again about talking freely to John Richards.  He hoped he was wrong, but his worries were growing.  Claire worked near Johns office in the capital and would need to be on her best theatrical behavior.
The drive to San Jose would take more than two hours, which he used partly to call Laura.  It was very late, but he wanted to hear her voice.  They talked for almost half an hour.  He never mentioned the street fight, and she didnt bring up anything from the news.  DC averaged three murders every night, so the punks that attacked him might not attract much special attention, or they hadnt been discovered yet, which seemed unlikely. Floating bodies in the Potomac would make the news, probably nationally.  She didnt mention it, and he didnt inquire.
Hunter knew he was placing himself in the crosshairs for Pea.  He wanted it that way.  Halfway to Sue Anns he pulled off at a rest stop along I-80, parking in a shadowed area between light poles.  It was after midnight and aside from the sleeping truckers, there werent any commuters stopping nearby.  After glancing around, he opened the trunk and went into his equipment bag.  He didnt want to attract attention.  He felt around in the dark for his holster straps and pulled the Beretta and spare magazines from the bag.  He was still licensed to carry the weapon in California from his days in the Border Patrol.  He preferred the Beretta over other hand guns used by law enforcement because hed trained with it in the Navy.  It was slightly heavier and larger than some brands, but hed learned to fire instinctively at close targets without aiming.  His familiarity with the weapon was one reason hed survived in the SEAL teams operations and more than once along the Mexican border.
He moved beside the car before strapping on the black Velcro harness.  It felt reassuring to have the gun ready.  He then went to his travel bag for a loose fitting chambray shirt that he wore open over the gun.  He arrived at the apartment after midnight and drove slowly around the parking lot.  When it was confirmed safe, he parked near Sue Anns door and unloaded his gear.  Once the car was locked, and he was secure inside, he closed all the curtains and turned on the lights.  After bracing the front door with a chair and some noise making kitchen utensils, he used her computer to track progress of Ocean Wanderer.  Sue Ann didnt have password protection on her computer or network.  The ship was several hundred miles northeast of the port of Puntarenas, in international waters.  The Queen was still tied at the dock in San Francisco.
He slept uneasily, possibly because it was a dead girls apartment, he was sure of it, and also because it was only a matter of time before Pea came for him.  He slept with his gun, but nothing happened that night.  In the morning, he called Kasey McDougal, asking to meet with her.  Two hours later, he was sitting in a corner conference room looking out the all-glass wall on the 13th Floor at 450 Golden Gate Avenue.  The view was magnificent.
Kasey was joined by a junior agent carrying two thick case files.  One was on Joss murder, and the other was a criminal investigation file titled Kingfish.  After introductions and other pleasantries, Hunter began.  I wanted to share some information with you and hopefully have you give me some information in exchange.
Kasey was businesslike, Mr. Kohl, this is a Federal agency, and we cant disclose any information.
He answered.  I know the protocol, but I hope you will look at me as kind of a teammate.  I can give you information that you cant get on your own.
She wrinkled her mouth.  In that case, its probably information that we cant use.
He asked.  What do you know about the modifications to Peas ships?
She looked at him.  What do you mean?
I gave information to John Richards about the hull modifications to Peas ship, the Ocean Wanderer.  If he gave it to you, then its from a legitimate police agency to you.
She looked at her associate, then back at Hunter.  Why dont you repeat what youve given to Inspector Richards.
Where should I begin?
The last time I spoke with Inspector Richards was at the forensic site when he escorted your sister.
Hunter was bemused.  He hasnt spoken to you since then?
She looked intent.  Once again, Mr. Kohl.  Lets just assume some pieces might be missing, and wed like to be sure weve captured it all. McDougals colleague was taking notes.
He slowly nodded his understanding.  All right, but Id like a couple things.  First, call me Hunter.  Second, Id like to have you think of me as a quasi-law officer.  Until a year ago, I was in the US Border Patrol, and now I work for the California Governors office as a liaison officer with Congress.
Fair enough, Hunter.  Thats grey enough that we may be able to use your direct input  as long as its legally obtained.  You can call me Kasey.
Well, youll be the judge of legal matters, Kasey.  Im just relating the facts.
Over the next half hour, Hunter reviewed each incident since the shooting at Joss service at the park in Sacramento.  He laid out Sue Anns admission, and the fact that she was Peas lover.  He said she was missing, and he presumed she was murdered.  He also stated that John Richards was the only person besides Claire and him that knew of Sue Anns relation with Pea.
Kasey also took copious notes and nodded at references to Richards.  She said.  Our main interest right now is the alleged drug smuggling by Pea.
Hunter said, If you check his boats, youll find the trap doors.
Kasey responded, Yeah, but its not enough.  We need to catch him transporting drugs.
He looked at her and her assistant for several moments before speaking.  How about if I could track every movement they make?
How?
I cant tell you.
She stared at him.  That would be some pretty fancy surveillance.  I couldnt get it authorized or admissible without a warrant.  If it led us to discovering his crime, and we didnt have a warrant, it would get thrown out.
He was mildly frustrated.  You mean that the modifications to his ships, and the trail from port to port isnt enough to get a warrant to search them, maybe at the same time as the drugs are being unloaded?
Not unless you tell me how you track them.  The way we learned of modifications and the trailing of the ships is not admissible unless its obtained legally.  That usually means a search warrant.
Kasey, youre tying me all up.  Are you telling me that I cant go diving under boats in the Harbor for fun and just happen to see something odd in the bottom of a ship?
She frowned, You wanna try to convince a court that it was just a coincidence that you were taking a night swim under that particular ship?  Good luck!
Welcome to the U.S. legal system, Hunter.  If this was terrorism, we could use the Patriot act, but its not.
Look Kasey, I respect the constitution and all, but there has to be some way to catch this guy.
She was frustrated.  Welcome to my world, Hunter.  We know this guy is the biggest drug pusher on the west coast.  We know hes a murderer.  I dont doubt that he killed your cousin.  Hes killed other lovers.  We know all kinds of stuff about Pea.  We just cant prove any of it.
Ive told you how to prove it.
Yeah, I know, but I cant search based on any of it  it would blow the whole case.
Kasey, what can I do?
Hunter, I dont know.  I cant let you get involved.  These guys are killers.
Thats nothing new to me.
Yeah, well, maybe, but the FBI is not going to sanction anything you do as a freelancer.
What can you tell me, Kasey?  Im going to follow the boats for now to find out how the drugs get transferred.  Any idea where I should look?
Kasey excused her assistant saying the meeting was over.  When he left, and the door was closed again, she said, Hunter, I dont know if this is useful to you or not, but Pea just started a pact with another big smuggler.  This time, the guys in Los Angeles.  Hes Mohamed Al-Zeid, goes by Mojo.  He and Pea were enemies, but they now seem to be cooperating.  Mojo has distribution all the way east, but he gets his stuff smuggled through Mexico.  Pea on the other hand is a smuggler across the sea.  He distributes too, but clashes with Mojo frequently.  We think Mojo now does all the distribution, or most of it, and Pea supplies all his goods.  This is all new intel, so this marriage is probably fragile since these guys have been mortal enemies for years and dont trust each other.  You can read all about Mojo on the internet, hes not private like Pea.  Well probably get Mojo sooner than Pea, and he might bring Pea down with him.
He thought for a moment.  So, Kasey.  If one of Peas ships just left Puntarenas with a load for Mojo, where would he deliver it?
She grinned slightly.  Most likely around LA Harbor.  Lots of ships come and go, and there are isolated docks in some locations.  Pea could unload the drugs along with fish at some of them.
Hunter said, All right, then I think Ill drive south and visit some of the marinas.
An hour later, Hunter went through the same security preparations at Sue Anns as before and gathered all his gear for the drive south.  It would take over six hours to reach the LA Basin.  En route, he called Laura, killing an hour of monotony driving through the farmlands around Fresno and Stockton.  She was taking the right precautions, and he felt certain that any concern by Pea would be focused solely on him in California.  When he called Claire, she asked where he was, but he couldnt tell her.  She confirmed that John had been inquiring about Hunters plans.  Hunter reminded her that he shouldnt be told anything.
It was nearly nightfall when he entered the outskirts of LA County, which was still an hour from the massive harbor.  He stopped at a Mexican restaurant in West LA.  Hunter had grown up eating Mexican food and never tired of it.  Inside, he ordered a taco salad and used his laptop with Wi-Fi internet connection to check the location of Wanderer.  As Kasey had speculated, the ship was on course east-northeast toward the mouth of the harbor.  Several cities are connected to the expansive harbor, but at least he could get within an hour of any location once he was nearby.
After finishing dinner, he followed I-405 South to I-110 West, the Harbor Freeway, leading directly to San Pedro on the north end, near the entrance to the harbor.  Most of the commercial fishing boats around Los Angeles used the docks in San Pedro.  He stopped at Fishermans Village to track Ocean Wanderer.
The ship had docked a quarter mile farther out toward the mouth of the harbor in the commercial berthing area.  The GPS data from the tracker gave one meter resolution, guiding him directly to the ship.  He stopped several hundred meters away on Signal Street, parking on a dirt shoulder littered with old beer cans and even an old mattress.  His newer rental car was out of place in this rundown part of the port populated with pickup trucks with beds rotting from hauling equipment and gear soaked in salt water.  All of the steel buildings were rusted through their galvanized finish.  He could be blindfolded and still recognize the smell of old bilge waste and decaying sea life.
His computer and anything else loose was locked in the trunk as he walked along the shoulder-less side of the road toward Signal Place where Wanderer would be berthed.  He was dressed in dungarees and could pass for a dock worker.  Halfway down the dock, Wanderers crew was attaching a cable from the large dock crane to a fish crate in the hold.  No one paid attention to him as Hunter passed in the shadows behind the crane next to the steel shed built along the entire length of the wharf.  The crate lifted as he passed by.  Anyone noticing him would think he was walking to one of the boats berthed farther down the dock.  No one on board Wanderer paid any attention as he continued, nearly out of site.  He reached the end of the dock five minutes later and lingered, overlooking the channel going back to the open ocean.  The crates being offloaded from Wanderer held fish, not drugs.
After a short period, Hunter began walking slowly back down the dock toward Wanderer.  The ships near the end of the dock were all dark and quiet.  The dock was covered by crates stacked fifteen feet high and he walked behind in a lightless narrow passage about three feet wide formed by the side of the shed and the back row of crates.  He stopped at the end of the passage, near Wanderers stern to observe.  All of the crewmen were working in the hold and only one man in waste-high rubber boots was on deck.  There could be people on the bridge level, but the lights were all off and he couldnt see anything inside.  He stayed in the shadows about fifty feet away from the ship.
The fish crates sat on the dock momentarily until a forklift placed them inside a refrigeration truck that now filled the width of the dock, leaving about six feet on either side to walk.  There were no other people moving along the dock at this time of the night.  There were no indications of any inspectors or law enforcement in the area.  Hunter just remained motionless in the shadows  watching.
The offloading process continued for half an hour.  He leaned against the shed watching the entire process.  He only saw fish being moved.  Half an hour later, the hold was locked closed and the gangplank removed.  The driver of the truck had taken a clipboard up to the bridge then departed a few minutes before the ship was ready to depart.  He continued watching.
It was after midnight when the ship turned on bow and stern lights.  Thick diesel fumes spewed from the stack. Several deck hands jumped to the dock to release tie-down lines, then jumped back aboard as the ship used its side thrusters to push away from the dock.  Hunter felt defeated.  He hadnt witnessed any drugs moved from the ship.  At least nothing was obvious to him.  The dock was empty with everything closed down and dark.  Only the yard crane remained in place with its diesel engine idling.
Wanderer was in mid-canal and backing toward the main channel when he saw it.  A small orange ball floated near the dock where the center of the ship had been.  Hunter moved farther into the shadows as a huge dump truck backed down the dock, stopping just short of the crane.  The driver extinguished all lights and the scene was completely silent as Wanderer disappeared into the harbor.  For several minutes, it appeared that all equipment on the dock was parked for the evening, then the crane roared back to life.  It lowered the giant hook into the oil-slick water below the marker buoy. It made two missed attempts to hook something unseen then hoisted a large sealed crate from the water, lowering it fast into the truck bed in one sweeping arc motion.  Someone from the truck had climbed into the bed while the crane fished for the package. Hunter could only see the mans silhouette from his hiding place. The man in the truck bed released the crane and was back inside the cab in seconds, as it began moving cautiously down the dock toward the street.  There was no way for Hunter to follow it without his car, but he had witnessed the drug transfer.
The truck turned right at the end of the dock, out of sight.  Hunter waited a moment until the crane shut down its motor.  The operator platform was about thirty feet above the dock, spanning the length and width of the supporting legs, rolling on parallel railroad tracks almost twenty feet apart.  He left the shadowy passage between crates and began walking underneath the crane, toward the street.  He looked like most of the crewmen hed seen aboard Wanderer and could be from any of the ships farther down the dock.  Above him, the crane operator was preparing to climb down the ladder when he saw Hunter below through the floor grating.  He went back into the crane control station and made a radiophone call.
Hunter began walking faster toward the street but a door to the shed ahead of him opened and three dock workers emerged, all looking at him.  They didnt look friendly.  They spread out in front of him, and he kept walking toward them.  About ten feet away he said, Is there a problem, boys?
He stopped without getting any closer.  The two flanking men moved farther away and opposite him as he faced a large middle-aged man in the center who said, What are you doing on the dock at night?  They all looked grizzled from years of work on the docks where accidents and disfigurements were a way of life.  None of these guys would ever win a beauty contest.
Im on the boat down there.  He gestured with his thumb toward the end of the dock behind him.
What boat would that be?
Hunter had no idea.  Ah, you got me there.
The most obese man had greasy shoulder-length black hair and an unshaven face like the rest of his colleagues.  His jeans sagged from weeks without washing.  His big hairy arms hung ape-like from a cutoff dark shirt.  Hunter glanced left then right.  All three men were positioned about five feet from him.  It was impossible to run past them, and he had the sensation of the crane operator coming from behind.  At least one of the men had a large wrench in his hand, but the darkness could hide more weapons.
Hunter held up his hand.  Look, fellows.  I dont want any trouble.  I just want to get into my car and drive away.
None of the men moved, and the man on the right said, You a Fed?  You a nark or one o them DEA guys?
Im none of that.  I just wanna leave in peace.
The middle man spoke again, moving a foot closer.  I said, whatcha doin here, boy?
Hunter knew the dialogue had ended.  Would you believe I just wanted to take a walk?  He added, Didnt think so.
He jumped at the man to his right with the wrench, catching him off guard, as the others charged.  He threw the man over his right hip, followed with a SNAP KICK to the groin of the center man.  Sensing motion to his rear, he did a REAR LIFT KICK to the groin of the man behind followed by an ELBOW SMASH to his face, knocking him backward into the shed.  The fourth man, charging from the left missed with his ax, as Hunter ducked, followed by a crushing blow to the mans knee with a side stomp, breaking the joint.  He finished the first man with a STOMP to the face.  The crane operator charged again, and Hunter went with his momentum, accelerating to the edge of the dock then thrusting him into the murky water ten feet below.  He charged back into the center of the group where all were struggling to get up or regain balance.  The first to rise got a shuto chop to the throat, crushing his windpipe.  Hunter snapped into a front face kick of another man then back kicked to the groin of a man grasping him from behind.  As the man released, Hunter finished him with a hard punch to the midsection followed by a knee to the face and a stomp to his neck on the ground.  Two men were down with fatal windpipe damage, and one was slipping below the surface of the harbor trying to grasp the mossy pilings while being weighed down in sodden work clothes.  The final man was crouching near the shed as Hunter side kicked him to the head, then stomped his temple.  He walked away unhurt -- and now he knew how the drugs were delivered.
The next morning, Mojos big limousine pulled onto the dock.  He was led inside the shed where one man remained unconscious and two were leaned up against the side.  One had a broken leg and both had severe throat damage and couldnt talk.  The crane operator was missing.
He looked at the guard whod phoned the alert to him earlier.  Wha happened here?
I don know, boss.  I found em dis mornin lyin ouside and brung em in here.  Theys all beat up.
Mojo walked up to where the unconscious man was lying.  Give me a gun.  This turds dyin slow, and we don got no medical plan.  He shot him in the heart and face.  Then he walked up to the man with the broken leg and crushed throat.  Thisn ain gonna be useful for nothin.  He backed up to avoid staining his clothes then shot him twice in the chest.  The third mans eyes bulged with fear as Mojo stood inches from his face.  You talk, boy?  The man gurgled something and held his throat.  Mojo turned his back and walked away.  All he said was, Damn.  He turned and shot the man twice then threw the gun back to his guard.  Reload that thing casin we get mugged or somethin.  Ifn any o these is movin in a hour, shoot em again.  They can be bait.
Hunter arrived back in San Jose by morning rush hour.  If this had been a military operation, he would have avoided unsecure communications.  But he was fighting drug people who didnt bother with covert listening devices.  He called Kasey McDougal and said that hed witnessed the drug delivery.  He didnt disclose exactly where hed seen it, but he described the whole process.
She said, Hunter, I dont know how you do it.  This is excellent intelligence.  I think were getting close to making the case for seizure.  I checked with my DEA friends, and I think your undercover work can be classified as government authorized.  I just need to find out how to authorize after the fact.  It should all work out.
Thanks, Kasey.  I hate to think that its all wasted effort, Ive had enough of that in Washington this year.
She asked, So, you ever think about joining the bureau?
He smiled.  Yeah, actually I have.  I need to find another line of work and the FBI or ATF seem like good choices.  Of course, Id like to see what the state could offer.  Californias my home you know.
All right, so what are you up to now?
I gotta get back to DC and check on something.  I dont think Peas people know Im here, so I wanna get back.  Of course the missing killers watching him in DC and the possibility of John Richards being a snitch worked against that theory.
Deceit
Hunter Kohl had two women left in his life to worry about and two children.  Hed had another woman, his cousin, but she was lost.  He needed to protect those remaining.  He couldnt choose between Laura and Claire; no one could expect him to do that.  He worried more about Lauras vulnerability while Claire at least had John Richards to protect her.  John would move in with Claire if she offered.  But now John might be bad.  Claire might be most vulnerable.  Could Pea strike effectively in Washington?  He had his two hired killers, but they were gone.  Would there be more?  Peas only motive for hurting anyone was to force Hunter to do as he was told, but there wasnt anything to do now.  The bill language was gone.  He needed to sleep desperately on the redeye back to DC, but his thoughts wouldnt rest.
This time, Laura wasnt there to meet him at the airport.  He hadnt called her late at night after hed confirmed his flight.  Why scare her?  Hed unloaded his gear with Claire and got a few hours of sleep before going to the airport.  He had a massive headache, and his eyes burned.  Instead of the Metro, he took a cab home to Alexandria.  It was an extravagance, but the thought of waiting twenty minutes and then walking down King Street was overwhelming.  He needed sleep.  Sitting in the taxi heading toward Old Town, he called Laura.  She answered, Hi, where are you?
Im back in DC, just arrived.
Oh, Hunter, another redeye?
Yeah.  I hate flying.
You need to sleep.  I can hear it in your voice.
He rubbed his sore eyes.  Yeah, I need a few hours anyway.
She loved the idea that he was back near her, even if he was asleep.  Look, sleep all day.  Ill come over after work and make supper for you.  Ill even spend the night if youre up to it.
Are you kidding, Im always up to it!
See ya tonight.
He paid the cabbie in cash and opened the door without bothering to look up and down the street.  He didnt figure anyone would be stupid enough to try him again.  He regretted leaving his weapons in California, but he wasnt going to lug them around and they made more sense stored at Claires place.  He stripped, brushed his teeth and fell into bed.  His window shade didnt darken the room much, and it felt unnatural sleeping in the daylight.
Two hours later, he was dreaming and some distant ringing noise penetrated his subconscious.  His phone was ringing!  He rolled out and went to retrieve his mobile phone, following the ring tone.  Hello
Her voice was entirely too chipper.  You sound asleep!
Hi, Leigh.  Yeah.  I just got in from California.
Hunter.  Did you take another redeye?  Thosell kill you.
Tell me about it.
Look, Im sorry to bother you.  You need to get over to Blithes office.  Shes back on the language.
What do you mean?
Someone smacked her around in the primary.  Shes desperate for a cause, and youre it!
Shes back aboard?
Yeah.  Now they need all the backup facts you can force-feed in twenty-four hours.
He rubbed his temples.  Okay, Leigh, but it doesnt change the House side, and I heard that Senator Jenson is thinking about removing it from the SAC.
Thats old news.  Blithe is senior to Jenson, and shell get one of the other SAC members to put it back in and go dancing through electorate heaven together.  Jenson will look like a fool if hes not behind this.
He scrunched his eyes.  Great.  Think about the House strategy, and Ill call you later.
He was tired, thinking about protecting his family and helping the police to finally nail Pea.  He just wanted to throw the phone in the toilet and get some sleep.  Instead, he started the shower, but this was flash traffic from Leigh (Naval slang for top priority information), as far as he was concerned.
When he finished drying off, he called Ben Willis in Blithes office and got an immediate appointment, as quickly as he could get there.
An hour later, he was in the Senators office for a strategy meeting that lasted two hours  huge by Washington standards.  Before he could talk to Leigh again, Amy Letourneau who was Senator Blithes Office Director joined Hunter and Willis.  They would handle the Senate side, but Hunter didnt have any support in the House since Romanoff backed away.
Amy said, Who do you know in the House Appropriations Committee, Hunter?
I know Romanoff and Congressman Douglas Stubbs from San Diego.  Stubbs is on the HAC
Amy responded.  Good. Well get Stubbs to enter the language and fight for it.  Romanoff will have to support it if hes true to his little speech.  Its one thing to neglect a promise, its another to out and out refuse to support something promoted in his press conference.  His opponent would cut him to ribbons, and he can go back to chasing little girls in the park after the election.
Hunter shook his head.  Ive met with Stubbs, and he wont support it.
She smiled.  Look, Hunter.  Leigh Bryant probably told you that I go back a long way in this town.  Trust me.  Well earn Stubbs heart and soul.
Hunter shook his head while Willis looked on, enthralled by the process.  Hunter said, I dont know Amy.  Hes pretty weak as an individual.
She smiled again.  It doesnt matter, Hunter.  Senator Blithe has a unique relationship with the President, the leader of our party.  If the President calls Stubbs, Stubbs will salute and say yes, sir.
I dont get it, Amy.  The President?  Will the President really go public supporting this?
Absolutely not!  He cant risk offending life-long conservatives.  Hell just instruct Stubbs to lead it and the President will sign the Appropriations Bill, which just happens to have this teeny obscure language legalizing drugs.  It will happen so fast this late in the budget cycle that no one will have time to study the bill.  Itll just be one of those little things that slipped through.  The President will be blameless.
He chuckled.  Unbelievable.
Oh, believe!
He left the office not fully comprehending what had transpired.  The impossible was about to happen.  He walked down the hill to Union Station and called Leigh to outline the strategy.  She was tickled.  See.  Miracles do happen sometimes, even in the US Congress.
Leigh, I still dont know how this happened, but right now, I dont care.  Im going home and rest.  Tonight my girl is cooking me dinner.  Later on, well make a decision to make love or sleep.  Right now I vote for sleep, but dont tell anyone, it would destroy my macho image.
Caldron
What do you mean, Senator?  How can the language be back in the bill!
He responded, Please be careful, Luca. We should try to keep this discussion encrypted.
Luca was bright red and screaming as Roxanne closed his office door for his own privacy.  Look.  This cant change overnight.  I support you so that you watch out for my interests.  They are your interests also.
Jenson responded.  Luca, I understand why youre upset.  Im upset.
Pea cut him off.  Yes, Im upset, and I dont give a shit whos listening.  Youre in this as deep as me.  You get this killed or ... just get it done.
Luca, you cant order me around like one of your thugs.  Im a U.S. Senator!
I dont give a shit who you think you are.  You are whatever I make you to be.  If you dont get this reversed, youll be out of a job.  You might even be in jail.
This conversation is over, Mr. Pea
Senator Jenson slammed the phone on his home office desk.  He wasnt used to being spoken to this way.  Luciano Pea was his biggest campaign contributor, but that didnt give him the right to order him around!  All he had done was report the events.  Somehow, one of the other SAC members had insisted on endorsing the language that Jenson was in the process of removing from the bill.  He was careful not to simply instruct the staff to remove it.  He was reviewing it.  He was planning to review it through the deliberative session at the SAC without ever re-entering it, but now it had someone elses endorsement.  He didnt know who, at the moment, but would find out.  He couldnt come out negative against language all knew hed sponsored.  That would be too overt.  He had reported the situation to Pea, which was something the Senate code of ethics would not condone.  Didnt Luca appreciate the favor he was doing him?
In San Francisco, Pea was seething.  He was beyond mad.  This was a very dangerous disposition.  In his business, it was imperative to remain objective.  Otherwise, you could lose your head  literally.  He screamed.  Roxanne!  Roxanne, get Mr. Number One on the phone.  Do it now!
All of his rage was centering on the state lobbyist.  He had been warned.  He must be defying Lucas orders!  He would pay.  His family would pay.  They all would pay!
Roxanne!  Get Ramon in here!
In Washington, Hunter was sitting peacefully in a Blue Line coach relaxing to the rhythmic clatter of the rails and gentle swaying as the Metro train passed by Arlington Cemetery.  He was enjoying the view.  There were only two elderly people, a couple, in his car.  The sky was crystal clear, and the afternoon sun radiated through puffy white cumulous clouds.  It was the most relaxed hed felt in days.  He needed to sleep and would enjoy a few hours before Laura came for dinner.  But calmness and tranquility couldnt last.  He knew the risk he was taking now with Pea.  He couldnt control it; there was no way he could kill it.  Hell, he couldnt even help it succeed.  The process had a new momentum that hed started almost a year ago.  He had had no way to predict that Blithe would do an about-face.  If he had done anything at all, it was giving Stubbs name to Amy Letourneau.  Pea wouldnt know that.  Hunter really had nothing to do with these events now.  But Luciano Pea wasnt a tolerant man.  He was a distorted monster.  People like that are unpredictable, or maybe theyre totally predictable.  Hunter would need to prepare, but right now he needed to rest.
As he exited the King Street Station in the early afternoon, he slowly scanned the parking lot and the streets converging at the station.  He looked at the pedestrians and even looked at the office and hotel windows nearby.  Nothing seemed out of place.  There was no refinement in Peas methods.  He used common street thugs, ex-felons to do his dirty work.  The two attackers that came at him days earlier had stood out like frogs in a punchbowl.  Nothing alarmed him as he proceeded down the street to his apartment.
When he got to his bed, he dropped his clothes on the floor and collapsed.  If his phone rang, he wouldnt hear it.  He slept soundly until conditions changed.  The sun was going down, and it was dark in his bedroom.  He glanced at his watch  seven.  Where was Laura?  His mobile phone was sitting on the counter in the kitchen.  There were no missed calls.  He called her number, but she didnt answer.  Peas warnings resonated in his memory.  He wasnt sure what to do.  Should he go to her place or stay?  What if she came and he was gone?  He tried her number again.  He tried it every few minutes for an hour.  He called work.  He called her boss, Buzz Finney, at work.  They were all gone.  He grabbed his keys and drove to her apartment in Arlington.  She wasnt there.
He tried calling Claire.  She didnt answer her home phone or her mobile phone.  He called her office and went to voicemail.  He felt completely isolated.  In desperation, he called another number.  He answered, Richards.
John, its Hunter.
Richards tone was level and firm.  Well, Hunter.  I didnt expect to hear from you.
John, shes not answering any of her phones.
Claire?
Yes, Claire.  Look, some things have happened here in Washington.  She could be in danger.  If you really care for her at all, she might need your help.
Okay, Hunter.  Look, Im late for a flight, but Ill drive by her place on the way to the airport.  I wouldnt panic over some missed calls.
Richards made it sound like it was no more serious than a trip to the grocery store.  John, please.  Shes in danger.  Please help.
Okay, Hunter.  Gotta go, bye.
The line went dead before he could say anything else.  Had he just made things worse?  Richards could be part of Peas underworld.  He didnt seem worried at all.
Hunter couldnt leave Laura and fly back to California again.  This was insane.  He felt isolated, unable to help the people he loved.  He needed to take action, but where, against whom?  He had a miserable night worrying.  He called his two women throughout the night.  He even called the police precinct near Claires home for a wellness check.  They reported no one home and no sign of forced entry.  Claire and the kids were gone!  On a long shot, he called the Flannigans.  They had their own grief that was building each day that Sue Ann was missing, but he had to see if Claire was with them.  They hadnt heard from her either.  He didnt panic, there was no threat on him at the moment, but he was frustrated  furious that a monster like Pea could just rip his family apart.  The only solace that night was his fictional plan for Pea and his family.  An eye for an eye was fair.  He would never be able to hurt innocent people, but the thought of revenge eased his anxiety.
Earlier, while Hunter was sleeping, Laura had departed the FAA building at five oclock, heading to Hunters apartment.  She had become more cautious and checked her surroundings constantly.  There were tourists and professional people congesting the sidewalk as she walked to the Metro.  At one point, the crowd had dissipated somewhat, and she looked behind her.  There were two men in business suits walking side by side ten feet behind.  Something about their cadence, in sync with hers, was alarming.
She looked forward, processing the image of the men behind.  She altered course, crossing on to the mall (the giant grass park spanning a block wide from the Lincoln Memorial to the Capitol) and walking away from the Metro.  She glanced sideways and could see both men in the same relative position.  There werent many people walking across the grass, but there were enough that she figured the Park Police would be somewhere in view.  Where were they?  The men werent going away!
She walked faster, and the men closed the distance behind her.  Her pulse raced, and she was perspiring, wishing that Hunter was with her, or even Buzz would be comforting.  She was alone and had to do something, she had to act.  She reached in her purse and grasped her cell phone, fumbling to dial nine one one.  She didnt want to go beyond the middle of the mall, making it more difficult for the men to get her to a car along the parallel streets.  She stopped and turned to confront them.  I have mace in my purse, and Ive called the police!
In California in the early afternoon, Claire had both kids in her car as she pulled into her driveway after work.  His car was parked at the curb.  John had been waiting for her.  She stopped by the front door, quickly unlocking it and pushing the children inside before confronting him.  John!
The following morning, Hunter still hadnt been able to sleep.  He dozed on the couch, trying to figure out what to do.  The FBI had been useless until now and would only get the police involved.  They wouldnt do anything for forty-eight hours.  He decided to call Lauras parents.  It was a desperation move and would probably end his chances with her once he explained the danger he placed her in.  But he needed to do everything possible to locate her and save her if he could.  He needed a shower to clear his thoughts and ran the water.  He felt helpless.
After finishing and dressing, he was about to dial the Malones when there was a knock at the door.  It was a mans knock, a powerful knock.  He wished he had a weapon.  Looking through the peep hole, two men in suits stood outside.  Either Pea had new higher-caliber assassins or this was something else.  He opened the door cautiously, and the front man actually stepped back slightly, reducing the threat.  Hunter asked, Can I help you?
Mr. Kohl?
Yes.
May we show you some identification, sir?
Yeah, sure.
Both men pulled badge holders from their coat pockets.  He didnt read them; they looked real enough.  Mr. Kohl, wed like you to come downtown with us.  There was something insistent in the request and he agreed.  It couldnt be a coincidence that these men came to him after both women were missing.
He sat in the back of the dark Suburban for the twenty-minute drive into the training building on Murray Drive in DC.  The United States Secret Service doesnt maintain a defined headquarters location, but was assumed to be located in the Executive Office Building next to the White House.  The mission of the USSS is complex, most obviously involved in protective services, but that is only a small part of the overall mission.  Their broader mission is to safeguard the nation's financial infrastructure and payment systems to preserve the integrity of the economy, and to protect national leaders, visiting heads of state and government, designated sites and National Special Security Events.
Security at Murray Place was high, but the agents in the front of the vehicle were waved through without stopping.  They parked under the unmarked building and took the elevator to the third floor.  Hunter was escorted to a large, expensively-furnished office complete with a media wall, floor to ceiling windows with interesting vibration devices connected to the glass and hurricane shutters.  Flags were positioned on either side of the credenza.  The name on the door said Deputy Director J. Paul Fleming.
He was left alone after one of the Special Agents brought him his first black coffee of the day.  The office door was closed, leaving him unescorted.  Hed had no idea why the men had summoned him, but instinct compelled him to trust them and something important was involved.  Here, alone in this auspicious office, he sensed that he was about to be engaged in something very important.  There were numerous certificates and citations framed on the wall behind the desk.  He stood and looked more closely at them.  All were citing achievements by someone named Paul Fleming.  Then the door opened behind him and Hunter turned, nearly dropped his coffee.  John!
They shook hands.  Hello, Hunter.  Surprised?  John was smiling.
John, I dont get it.  Whos Paul Fleming?
John smiled, gesturing Hunter to sit while he went behind the desk to the oversized executive chair.  Hes me.  Although, I havent used the moniker much lately.
Hunter was astonished.  Youre Secret Service?
Ive spent most of my career here, Hunter.
John, whats going on?  Should I call you John or Paul?
Call me either.  Ive been Paul in the Service, but John to my friends.  Its kind of a lawyer thing I didnt want; Ive never practiced law in the traditional sense, but the bureaucracy likes to use middle names when JD shows up behind your name.
John, this is all a mystery to me.  Whats going on? Im worried about Claire, Im worried about my fiance.
Rest on that, Hunter.  Theyre under the care of the USSS, safe and well.
Hunter lowered his head in relief, then looked back at John without speaking.
John continued.  I want to give you an explanation.  You deserve it.  But first, I need to go through some formalities so we can throw your ass in jail if you disclose any of what Im telling you.
What formalities?
How about swearing in as a Special Agent of the Secret Service?
Are you serious?
Completely.  You will continue doing whatever you need to do for the state, but you would also report to me.  When the time comes, when we both agree its the right time, you can be a full-time agent or resign.  But for now, I need you on my team.
Hunter had only a vague notion of where this was going.  Ill agree.
John called a couple people into his office.  One had some paperwork and a seal.  The other person was a witness.  Hunter was given an oath to recite and asked to sign several documents.  When it was all over, and they took his picture standing in front of the flag, John said, Theres an official ID that goes with this, but Ill be keeping it here in my office.  You wont have anything that will identify you.
Hunter sat again, looking at John.  Okay, I guess Im official now.
Yep, youre one of us.  When this is over, if you want to stay with the Service, youll need to go through some training programs, but Ill defer it for now.  Were in the middle of an op, and your prior training is good enough.
So what about my ladies?
We have Claire and your fiance at safe houses with constant guards on duty.  No one knows where they are except a couple of us in the Service.
How about me?
Not now, maybe once things settle down.
Hunter nodded, You mean with Pea?
Yeah.  Hes on the rampage now, which is why I gathered up the innocents.
John, I had you figured all wrong.
Good.  Thats the way it needs to be.  For now, Im just the State Investigator with questionable loyalties.  Its important that we continue to relate this way.
Hunter asked, How about the FBI, do they know about you?
They know.  But its important that you continue to play in our little charade.  I dont want them to know about your involvement in the op.
They talked for another hour about strategy and tactics.  Basically, the USSS began an investigation of corruption in Congress and ultimately started investigating Senator Jenson.  Some of his financial metrics showed enormous financial wealth and campaign contributions that didnt fit any rational model.  This led them to Pea.  The investigation had gone on for three years, and John had spent most of his time in Sacramento.  His Washington office was referred to as his shrine, although most of the Services staff was deployed at any given time.  He really was divorced but didnt have any children in college, as Claire believed.
Hunter asked a burning question.  What happened to Jos?
John was reluctant to answer.  Hunter, this isnt easy.  Jos was at the center of the Jenson investigation.  He basically introduced the Senator to Pea after determining that Jenson was of low moral character, shall we say.
Hunter hesitated.  Was Jos corrupt?
John waited a moment then looked directly at Hunter.  As bad as they get.  He played a fools game.  Pea keeps a lot of officials on his payroll at various levels.  Jos had some kind of distant family relationship to the Peas and got close to Luciano after he got involved with the state.  I guess Pea figured hed be worth something someday.  Kind of a sleeper.  Anyway, Jos got greedy.  Having kids sometimes causes financial distress, particularly when your wife takes off to raise them for a while.
Anyway, we think Jos threatened Pea about starting this legalization process if he didnt get paid off.  The payoff came in the wrong form.  Jos just didnt know what he was dealing with.
Hunter pursed his lips but didnt ask the next question, which John answered anyway.  Claire didnt know any of this.  Shes completely clean.
Hunter exhaled, Thank God.  Then he asked, John, I need to know about my cousin, Sue Ann?
Sorry, Hunter.  We dont know for sure.  She was a promiscuous girl who got suckered by Peas wealth, and couldnt handle it once she was in deep.  He doesnt have any past girlfriends, they all disappeared.
Hunter was determined, now that he had some answers.  John, how do we get this guy?  I wanna bring him down.
John nodded.  I know what you mean.  Its against policy to let you work on the case.  I can only get you involved to the extent that youre already in it.
Thats neck deep, John.
I dont need to tell you to be careful, Hunter.
I know.  Two guys already tried to jump me.
Yeah.  We know.  They were part of a small group of ex-cons and SpecOps types that work as assassins for the highest bidders.  Pea uses these guys for recon and killings.  They all address each other by numbers rather than names.
You know about them?
Weve got a lot of taps going.  Thats how we get most of our intel from Jenson.  Pea is more careful, but we still get some of it.  The guys you met were both lifers from Folsom out on parole.
I think I killed them, John.
John nodded.  Yep, you killed both of them.  We fished them out and buried them as John Does.  They wont bother you again.
I didnt have a choice, John.
Were not asking, Hunter.  Just try to keep the body count manageable.
You think therell be more?
I think its unavoidable, Hunter.  These arent the kinds of cases that make it to court.  Well gather all the facts we can and try to build a case, but the bottom line is that these guys working in the drug culture live in a single dimension dominated by violence.  They strike out when problems occur and kill each other.  We call it a war, but these arent warriors, theyre just dumb killers.  They cant plan strategies or tactics, as we think about them.  They just pick up a gun and shoot someone.  They never think about repercussions.  Theyre predictable, and I predict that it will all end bloody.
They worked out some further details, mainly dealing with communication channels before Hunter was driven back to his apartment.  It would be a few weeks before he saw Laura and Claire again, but they were safe.  They were also being briefed on some parts of the USSS operation.  For now, they were only told that Hunter knew they were safe.  They were not told that he was on the team.
Hunter had mixed emotions and thought about his options as the two USSS Agents drove him back to Alexandria.  He knew his family was safe.  Basically, the Secret Service was telling him to wait and see what happened -- which he couldnt do.  Pea would come after him.  He knew more about the case after talking to the FBI and John.  He didnt have any specific instructions, so could do anything natural to him.  He had to take this directly to Pea and not sit waiting for some sniper to lay him out.  He had an idea to stir the pot, even if the Feds couldnt move.  When they got back in his neighborhood, the escorts circled the block before letting him off at his apartment.
In California, Pea was madder than ever.  Number One reported that Kohls girlfriend was gone, and Ramon reported the same about Claire.  Kohl must be playing games, games that he couldnt win.  Did he really think he could hide his treasures while he played cowboy.  Kohl had to die.
Offense
Hunter was tired.  Days of odd schedules, overnight flights and sleepless nights had worn him to the edge.  He could hardly think clearly.  It was like SEAL Hell Week -- almost.  He needed to rest, but he couldnt risk staying in his apartment, or even being followed to a hotel.  His best option was another flight to California.  This time, he drove to Dulles, mostly to shake off anyone following, and more flights were available there.  He would fly to Sacramento for his equipment first.  If they found him there, at least he would have his weapons.
The Dulles extension was nearly void of cars, as he drove the final six miles to the airport way above the speed limit.  No one followed him.  He parked in the long-term lot, taking the shuttle to the main terminal, and looked at the master display for flights to Sacramento.  He went directly to the Jet Blue counter and bought a standby ticket on the next direct flight.  It wasnt going to be as quiet as an overnight flight, but right now he could sleep anywhere.  The flight was originally booked full, but only two-thirds of the passengers showed up at flight time.  He was able to secure a window exit-row seat for twenty-five extra dollars.  Once aboard, he asked for a pillow and blanket, surprised that they actually had at least one of each available.  As soon as the wheels were up, he was asleep.  He had no idea when the plane was scheduled to land, nor did he care.  He slept for six hours.
California was forecast to have its first fall rainstorm with a low-pressure cell moving down from the Pacific Northwest.  He closed the window shade and let the drone of the engines settle in as white noise, soothing him and masking other sounds inside the plane.  He slept soundly.  Knowing that Claire and Laura were safe made the difference.  On final approach, he stretched and felt more relaxed than he had for days.
After landing, he rented an AVIS car and drove immediately to Claires house.  This time, he parked in her garage while getting his gear.  He then drove on to Sue Anns to be closer to San Francisco.  He still didnt have a precise plan.  Most of it depended on things out of his control.
The late afternoon sky was painted a dozen shades of grey as dense rain clouds rolled in from the coast.  San Francisco was cold and wet, and he drove into the worst weather half way to San Jose.  For no logical reason, the weather gave him a sense of security.  There was no reason for it, given the kind of people he was dealing with.  It probably went back to his Navy training where stormy weather helped obscure operations.  It didnt matter.  He was rested and had his equipment.  He just needed to stop for something to eat, then on to Sue Anns apartment.
After passing through a Jack-in-the-Box drive through, he cruised into San Jose after dark in a heavy squall.  It was difficult to recon the parking lot in the deluge, but the risk was low that Pea would station men outside a dead girls apartment for days on end.  He had no reason to expect Hunter or anyone else associated with the Kohl family to show up there.  He parked in front again and unloaded his heavy equipment case and dropped his travel bag at her door, then parked in the nearest space, running back through standing water.
Inside, he closed the blinds and turned on some lights, thankful that Uncle Bob hadnt removed Sue Anns computer yet.  Everything looked exactly as shed left it.  Hunter started her computer.  He had not told John about the trackers on Peas ships.  He might have heard it from the FBI, but they didnt seem interested, and John never mentioned it.  Once on line, he confirmed that Ocean Queen and Wanderer were both in port.  Sea Fury was off the Central American Coastline.
At the Embarcadero, Pea stayed late in his office.  Roxanne had stayed with him after the doors were locked for dictation until six-thirty, then he called Ramon and Pete Korb for a meeting.  Ocean Queen didnt need to go to sea for any particular reason and Korb had proven to be trustworthy.  When the men arrived, Pea broke out a bottle of Scotch that neither of the other two cared for, but they all shared some glasses.  Pea said.  Mi Amigos, our future is in jeopardy.  If certain laws are passed in Washington, my business, our business, is ruined.
Ramon just grunted and kept silent.  Korb said. What can we do, boss?
I have a friend in Congress that will try to get it delayed.  In the meantime, we need to get rid of this Kohl person who is not following my instructions.  He has hidden his family to protect them, but I will find them.  When I do ... he just looked at Ramon who smiled.
While they were talking, Peas phone buzzed.  He looked at the display and signaled the others to fill their glasses again.  Hello, Senator.
There was a long pause, then Pea continued.  So, this cop, Inspector Richards, hes asking you questions?  Pea listened to another long monologue. I see, Senator.  What are the chances for a delay?  Both other men listening to this side of the conversation knew not to be inquisitive.  All right, Senator.  You dont worry about him ... Yes, yes, it will be taken care of ... Goodbye, Senator.
He clicked the phone off and took a long drink of Scotch.  Addressing the two across his desk, Men, we have some good news, and some other good news.
Korb said, What is it, Luca?
My friend in Washington thinks the bill will be delayed and rewritten, and he can get the language out.  They stared at him, knowing nothing about legislative jargon.  But, there is just one little problem.
They both sat back looking at him in silence, as he continued with a wry smile.  There is this Investigator in Sacramento that has started asking questions about my friend.  They are the kind of questions that cops ask when they build a case.  I know this name.  I have his picture with Riveras wife.  Hes their friend in Sacramento.  His name is John Richards.
Korb asked, You want him gone, boss?
Pea didnt answer immediately.  He just stared at his glass and swirled the whiskey.  I have another plan.
 Fifty miles south, Hunter set up the apartment security as before, then decided to sleep for a while.  He wasnt as tired as before the flight, but he wanted to get an early start in the morning, before dawn, and it could be a long day.
It was still dark in the morning when his cellphone rang.  Hello?
Hunter, its Leigh. Her voice was surprisingly energetic, but then he realized she was three hours ahead on the east coast.
He ruffled his hair and sat up.  Oh. Hi, Leigh.
She responded.  You sound like you just got up.  Whats this?  You slacking off on gym time?
Im not in Washington, Leigh.
Oh, that explains it.  Look, something has happened.
She had his attention.  Tell me.
The SAC is having difficulty agreeing on the whole package.  Theyre out of time, and the staff is madly drafting a Continuing Resolution.
Oh, great.  They did it last year.  How much time are they buying?
It looks like through first Quarter.  This would mean that the Government would continue to pay mandatory bills through December in the hopes that a complete Appropriations Bill could be signed by the President by then.
Any chance that the CR would have the legalization language?
No.  The CR is a bland bill.  It just sets continuation spending levels for prior multi-year programs and entitlements.  It could hurt us in a couple ways.  If certain programs that were to be cut continue under the CR, it makes it even harder to add new initiatives for the shortened remaining year after the CR expires.  It also gets beyond the elections in November, and people like Blithe and Romanoff are no longer sweating results, one way or the other.
Oh. Why is this happening?
Welcome to Washington, kid.
What should I do, Leigh?
Just watch on the sidelines, Hunter.  If it makes you feel better, call Brian Collie to get the latest, but dont expect any miracles.  The Congress has been so dysfunctional on both sides of the Hill that CRs are a way of life.  It should never happen.  They should have the spending bills out by June and start working ahead for next year.  Instead, the do-nothings havent been able to get the job done for the past few years, and this is what we get.
He just shook his head.  He had other problems to solve right now and needed to neglect his real job for a few days.  It wouldnt make any difference.  Pea was winning again.
Hunter called John, who answered much as Hunter had.  You sound asleep?
John responded.  Yeah. Well its ... four-thirty.
Youre on the west coast again?
I live on the west coast, Hunter.
Look, John, Im sorry.  I thought youd still be in DC enjoying that excessively gilded office of yours.
Yeah, its nice, isnt it?  I get to visit it once or twice a year.  So, whats up?
You hear that the Congress is stalled and heading for a CR?
Yeah.  I think our friendly Senator is stirring the pot, maybe Romanoff also.
John, that just means that Claire and Laura are in danger longer.  Our Kingfish friend will try harder to get them, to get to me.
John sounded frustrated.  Hang in there, Hunter.  Im trying to get the Senator out of the way, maybe even this week.  Dont know if itll make a difference, but its all I can do.
John asked, Where are you?
Id rather not tell you right now, but Ill be in touch soon.
He hung up to avoid complicating Johns life.  Leigh was right.  There wasnt much anyone could do if the Congress didnt act.
For the next three days, he monitored Furys progress.  The ship followed the same course as Wanderer.  When it was about a day out from Los Angeles, Hunter loaded some of his gear in the car and drove south.  He left in the early morning when the coastal fog was still blanketing the highway.  The temperature in the Bay Area wasnt supposed to get much above fifty.  He knew that Fury wouldnt dock until after dark, late enough for government inspectors to have gone home.  This time, he would reconnoiter the dock and avoid the kind of confrontation from his last visit.  He was hopeful that they would use the same berthing scheme to off-load.
Pea was in the office early, before Roxanne arrived.  There was a blinking red light on his phone and a message to call Number One.
Whats going on, One?
Your man (Hunter) is not in his apartment.  Number Two and Three are gone, too.
Pea wasnt interested in details.  So, find him!
I went to the girls address, too.  It looks like shes been gone for a couple days, according to her neighbors.  Maybe they skipped town together.
Look, this guy cant stay invisible forever.  You find him and earn your pay.
Look, Mr. Pea, we provide the highest quality professional service.  Dont pretend to order us around like your own people.
Ill order you around any way I want.  You lowlife scum are far away from being professionals.  Now just do as youre told or Ill find someone else who can.  Sounds like you need some replacements.  Get better people this time.
Number Two and Three are the best, I dont want you disparaging them.
Fuck you.  You guys have disappointed me too many times.  Just find the mark and get it done!
He slammed the phone down.
Hunter got to the San Pedro dock area after dusk.  The days were getting shorter.  Even though the weather had been better in southern California during the day, it was blanketed with fog at the harbor as the cold Pacific air took over.  As he drove past the dock on the frontage road, he could not see the channel.  Fog diffused the few ship lights along the dock, creating a kind of yellowish-grey corona affect.  Water conditions were the same as before, murky and scum-covered.  You could smell the harbor a mile away.
Later, he would irrigate his ears with isopropyl alcohol once he found a hotel and a pharmacy.
He drove farther down the decayed frontage road which eventually turned to dirt, then into many large ruts closer to the mouth of the harbor.  The area was devoid of anything structural, except for a few piling clusters offshore that looked decayed.  In the 1920s and 30s the hills around San Pedro and Long Beach were pocked with oil wells that produced thick oil sludge.  Large ships, much deeper than fishing trawlers, would moor away from shore against the pilings, and oil would be transported by giant rubber hoses.  These operations ceased fifty years ago, but the remnants still scarred the harbor and hillsides.
There was a lone stone jetty at the mouth of the San Pedro Channel into the Los Angeles Harbor and the open Pacific not far beyond.  He parked close to the jetty near two old rusty pickups used by fishermen on the rocks.  There were signs warning against eating anything taken from the sea in the harbor, but desperate people ignored them.  Hunter opened his laptop, using his mobile network antenna to check the progress of Sea Fury, which was still a couple hours out.  The computer screen illuminated the whole interior of his car.  He jumped when the flashlight tapped his window followed by an intense light beam.  He pushed the down button.  Whats the problem, officer?
Sir.  Can I ask what youre doing here?  You dont look like youre planning to fish.
No.  Thats right.  I had some time to kill, so I came down here exploring.  I wanted to do some computer work while Im waiting for my brother coming in on a fishing boat.
Okay.  But be watchful.  Most of the time I just scare away kids making out, but theres also dangerous people around here.
He hoped that he wouldnt have to answer questions about his equipment in the trunk.  You mean drug dealers?
Yes, sir.  You got any packages with you?
Yes, officer.  I have my computer bag with me up here in front and scuba gear in the trunk.
The young officer seemed content after flashing his light around the interior.  How much longer you plan to be here?
Ah, probably a few hours.  His boat is supposed to be in the channel around midnight.  I thought Id sleep a little until then.
Suit yourself, sir.  Keep the windows up and the doors locked.  Ill be around from time to time and try not to disturb you.  If anyone pulls up beside you, my advice would be to leave and find another spot to rest.
Look, I appreciate it.  Thanks.
Have a good night, sir.
He let out a breath and hoped the patrol wouldnt come around while he was working.  He also hoped to be out of the area before midnight.
Farther North, in suburban Sacramento, John Richards arrived at his modest rental house after a long day.  He pulled into the carport behind the house and carried a grocery bag in the dark toward the back door.  Thats when they grabbed him.  One man in front of him with a gun and another behind with vice-like arm strength held him, disarmed him, threw him to the ground and bound him with duct tape.  When he was helpless and silent, the big unseen man carried him over his shoulder, tossing him roughly into the trunk of a car.
Hunter closed his computer after checking the tide table and waited.  He had half an hour to kill and wanted to gauge the timing of the police patrols.  Where were you guys on the docks last week?
At nine oclock, he checked Furys position one more time then locked the computer in the trunk.  Both pickups had departed, and he was alone in the dark, surrounded by fog and the perpetual sickening harbor smell.  He would wash all his equipment with bleach in the hotel later.  Across the mouth of the harbor, he heard a fog horn.  There was a vague rotating light somewhere across the water, but it was otherwise dark and forbidding alone at the jetty.
He grabbed his gear, making two trips between the jetty and his car.  This time, he would bring his demolition tool belt and a swim float to carry the extra weight until near the dock.  It was freezing cold as he stripped and concealed his clothes in the rocks.  He sat on one to help pull the wetsuit over his legs.  He did it all by feel in the darkness.  It was rare that SEALS operated in lighted conditions.  Hed practiced this hundreds of times.
Once he was fully dressed in black neoprene, and the equipment sled readied, he slipped off a rock into shallow water, barely up to his knees.  With the sled floating beside him, he walked backward into deeper water.  Each step, and each swim stroke to follow would be done slowly and cautiously.  Old harbors were full of structural debris just below the surface.  Hed known more teammates who were injured seriously by invisible rusty beams or broken pilings than by enemy weapons.  SEALS almost never operated in sport diving conditions.
Toward the center of the channel, leading into the San Pedro canal, he swam more freely, pushing the sled ahead.  He had to stay close to the edge for occasional visual references and to avoid any ships moving through.  When he got to the end of the fishing dock he cautiously pushed the sled underneath in the blacked goo, filled with floating debris, decaying fish and sludge from the boats.  He tethered the sled to one of the old wharf pilings far underneath, careful to avoid sharp barnacles and mussel shells.  He waited, resting with his arms across the sled.  The foul air was hard to breath.  The dock canal was about one hundred yards wide and marked by single red and green lights at the end.  In this weather, the trawler would need to use radar to locate the mouth of the canal.
Hunter checked his watch periodically and waited about half an hour before hearing the sound of a ships horn.  Moments later, a searchlight from the bridge indicated that Fury was edging cautiously into the dock canal from the wider San Pedro Channel.  It was tight quarters for a ship to be maneuvering in this weather at night.  A legitimate fishing Trawler would have anchored off-shore and entered in the daylight.
It took another twenty minutes for Fury to press up against the dock several hundred feet into the canal, at the same berth used by Wanderer many days earlier.  He waited until the running lights and searchlight were off before opening the tool sled.  He wrapped his legs around the piling while securing the tool belt around his waist.  Even though the tools were all made from titanium for the SEALS to be the lightest weight possible, the belt still acted as an anchor around him.  He put his weight belt inside the sled and latched it closed.
Once ready, he drifted silently into the middle of the canal using his hands to move forward and his flippers to keep his head above water.  He checked compass angles and gauged the distance to Fury at three hundred feet and set his watch ring to zero, before descending to the bottom.  With zero visibility, his only references were compass and watch dials.  He knew his swim pace and estimated the tide effect at zero.  In seventy seconds he was at a point roughly opposite Fury and changed course for the berth.  When he got close to the hull, there was a dim lighted area directly under the keel.  The clamshell hatch was open!
He swam closer and touched the edge of one hatch cover.  A large shipping container was being lowered from inside.  He watched it inch slowly downward, presumably operated by a manual hoist above.  It settled on the bottom about ten feet below.  Thats when someone jumped in beside the A shaped frame secured to the top of the container.  This was the frame used by the crane to lift it to the dock.  Someone in a wetsuit, wearing only a mask and snorkel jumped from the opening into the blackness only a few away from him.  Hunter treaded backward, farther into darkness.  The dim light began fading as the doors closed.  The swimmer was treading water, holding the orange ball clear of the doors.  He had to wrestle with the ball, which wanted to float to the surface.  As the doors closed further, the diver swam with the ball forward along the keel.  Then, just as the doors were closing completely, the diver pulled the last slack of the tether away and swam between the doors as they slammed shut.  The buoy and tether would be trapped under the keel until the ship moved.
At this point, Hunter was alone again in complete darkness.  The ships hull blocked any light from above along the dock.  He swam slowly, feeling for the A-frame structure.  When he found it, he reached down along the sides of the container for latches.  The fiberglass box was a cube, about four feet in each dimension.  He could feel a seam along the top with hinges on one side and twist locks on the other.  He couldnt turn the twist locks by hand, so felt for the vice grips tied inside his tool belt.  The tool had a four-foot tether.  He had all three latches opened quickly.  When he lifted the lid, there was sudden release of air.  He stopped for a moment, listening for any alert sounds on the ship when the surge reached the surface.  The box wasnt water proof, but it hadnt fully filled with water when he opened it.  No one entered the water and the doors in the hull remained closed.  Inside the box he felt bricks that he assumed were cocaine.  Each brick measured two inches thick by six wide, and ten inches long.  They were sealed with a heavy wax covering to prevent moisture.  He estimated the load inside the box to be about a three-foot cube in all dimensions.  A cubic yard.  He lifted the first brick and swam ten feet out in the channel before dropping it, then returned to the box.  It took him about twenty minutes to remove the top layers, about one foot of the product.  He then carefully closed the lid and tightened it as hed found it.
The ships engine echoed under water as it started building RPMs.  His work was done, and he only needed to escape.  It would be several more minutes before the ship actually moved, which he used to swim fast back toward the end of the canal.  The tools made it awkward with the extra weight, but Fury was still at the dock when he got back to the sled.  He exchanged belts and rested on the sled while Fury went through her maneuvers to exit the port.  As the ship steered into the darkness between the colored light beacons, he left the pilings and swam back to the jetty.  His work was done for now.
Trade War
Luciano Pea could be more careful.  He had more time now that Jenson had delayed things.  He would catch Hunter Kohl and make fish food of him eventually.  He would find his sister or his girlfriend or both of them.  Then Kohl would come to him willingly and that would be that.  But for now, he needed to find out everything he could from the law man.  Ramon was guarding his prisoner, and Pea could wait until he told them everything he knew about Senator Jenson and about Kohls sister.  He stayed late in his office again.  He told his wife that the fishing was excellent and the association demanded more of his time than he wished.  In reality, he was enjoying Roxanne finishing her dictation before Captain Korb showed up.  Pea nearly screamed in exhilaration when she finished.  He felt weak.  She amazed him.  How could such a young girl know so much about his needs?  She was masterful, especially for someone with no professional experience before joining him.  She was the best of all his office assistants ever.
He bent from his chair and held her face in his hands.  My dear, you amaze me.  Remind me to be extra special to you this Christmas.  I think it might be time for you to get a new car.
She gave him a huge smile.  Oh, Luca.  How bout another one?
He gasped, holding her back.  No, dear.  Luca junior is all done for today.  You did your duty.  Now I need to get ready for Captain Korb whos on his way over.
She immediately stood up and made sure she looked professional in case she passed Korb on the way out the door.  She kissed him goodbye.  They could hear Korb entering the outer office when Pea said loudly, That will be all, Roxanne.  We can finish the dictation in the morning.
She smiled over her shoulder before leaving the office.  At her desk, she gathered her purse.  Hello, Captain Korb.  You can go right in.  She walked out for the night.
Pea yelled, Korb, get in here!
Korb had an attitude like most career felons.  He didnt like being ordered around and walked into the office with a deliberately slow cadence.
Pea pretended to be reading something on a computer screen.  Come in, Korb, and sit.
Korb moved to the chair opposite Pea that always seemed slightly lower.  We got your man, Luca.  What do you want from him?  It would be easy to take him for a ride to the Farallons.
Not yet, Korb.  First, you gotta find out what he knows about Senator Jenson.  Find out everything.  Find out who else knows.  Find out where his files are.
His files will be at work, Luca.  We cant get em.
Can you burn it down?
No.  Its at the state capitol.  We cant get to his office.
Okay.  Then find out if he knows where the Rivera woman is.  He knows her; he probably fucks her.
Korb stood up.  Okay, Luca.  Anything else?
Yeah.  You did well, Korb.  You and Ramon did real good.  Remind me to reward you.  Maybe if we catch the woman, you can have her.  If you dont want her, Ill get Roxanne to do something special for you.
Thanks, boss.  We missed a real special piece o ass with the cousin.  What a waste.
Well make it up this time, Korb ... this time.
Korb left to begin questioning his captive.
Days earlier, Senator Jenson was in the Chair of the Senate Appropriations Committee listening to each of the members from both parties expound on the merits of their special interests in the bill.  The biggest issue was always the defense bill.  It alone represented about sixty percent of the discretionary spending of the Government each year.  All the other departments got peanuts by comparison.  The entitlements such as pensions, Medicare, Social Security and hundreds of other legal mandates got most of the money.  There was no debate about them.  Discretionary funds were for projects and personnel that were not fixed in law, only about a quarter of the overall budget was discretionary.  The entire defense budget, except for retired benefits and pensions was discretionary.  In theory, the Senate Armed Services Committee members were the defense experts, and the SAC was just a money rubber-stamp on the SASC recommendations.  But in recent times, SASC recommendations had become largely meaningless.  The SASC bill was worthless unless the SAC put money on the bill.  For years, the SAC had been inserting their own preferences, often ignoring the Armed Services Bill almost completely.
As Jenson listened to the palaver from the various Senate members on the SAC, he was able to shift debate between issues and totally confuse the process.  One example on the docket this morning was the C17 aircraft that cost taxpayers over two hundred million dollars apiece.  The Air Force didnt want any more, had no crews or ramp space, and the SASC agreed.  But the Appropriation members had other interests, like keeping the production lines running in forty-seven states affected by the airplane.  Each year, the Air Force placed nearly-new C17s in mothballs which were perfectly fine aircraft to make room for new ones.  The only question at the SAC was the number of new airplanes they would add each year after satisfying the pork tradeoffs of the members.  Jenson had the ability to allow the C17 debate to continue or to shift to other topics.  A few extra airplanes here or there and money was lost or freed for thousands of other smaller projects.  This conflict occasionally caused the Appropriations Bill to stall in the Committee deliberations and delay the overall fiscal year appropriation to continue the Government from year to year.  If the Appropriations Bills didnt pass the Senate, there wouldnt be funding for the new fiscal year beginning October first.  Also, incidental language, like drug legalization wouldnt go into effect.  All departments, including defense, would stop abruptly.  Therefore, emergency Continuing Resolutions had been needed in recent years at the last minute to keep basic services running without any adherence to a logical plan for moving the country forward.  Senator Jenson had the ability to delay the outcome of the Senate Bill and was using it for his personal agenda.  
In another part of the Capitol region, Claire and Laura were living in protective custody in a protected Government housing complex in Alexandria, Virginia.  Claire was safe across country from Peas influence and yet Laura was close to home.  They didnt have to live in the same facility, but neither wanted to live where they didnt know anyone.  John promised it was only for a short period.  Everything they needed was nearby without going far.  The GSA provided guard services (rent-a-cops) when they were inside the facility, but they needed to be cautious when venturing out.  Claires kids went to school in Fairfax County under false names.
Pea was determined to find them, to get to Hunter Kohl, but he also needed to protect Senator Jenson.  His latest prisoner could be the key to success in both cases.  He was at home late that night when his mobile phone vibrated.  He normally ignored it, but the LCD said Mojo.
Why are you calling me?
Yo, I gotta problem, man, so its yo problem.
Tell me what it is.
Yo shorted me one hundred thirty keys (kilos of cocaine).
I didnt short you anything, pecker head.
Who yo callin pecker head?
Pea didnt like calls at home, especially from idiots like this.  He especially didnt like being called a thief.  No one had ever done that  and lived. He stepped outside for privacy.  You asshole.  Stop bothering me and move the goods.  I got a lot riding on this.  That shipment cost me a bundle, and youre gonna pay up.  Pea figured it was a tactic to undercut his shipment price.
Mojo responded, You pull this shit on me, yo a dead man.
For the second time in days, Pea was hot.  No one, especially his wife and kids had ever seen him completely lose his temper.  He always had things in his family life going in the right direction.  Now things were colliding and he didnt need some ignorant drug pusher squeezing him.  Mojo, if you say one more word, Ill feed you your balls.  Youve got one day to transfer thirteen million to me, or youre a dead man.
You ain gettin shit from me.  I figure the rest of the goods is a separation bonus.  Come and get it, if you can.
Pea threw his phone against the wall.  His wife looked at him cautiously through the patio window.  She knew not to pry, but it would disturb the children to see him like this.  Instead, he went around front and signaled for his car.  He would sleep at some hotel and group his men in the morning for battle.  He couldnt believe it.  He had just handed the entire distribution organization to Mojo.  These things cant be reversed.  Most dealers were psychotic enough without being whipped between powerful bosses.  The tier structure in drugs distribution was only as good as the guy with the bigger gun.  Pea had basically told his distributors and dealers that Mojo was the main man.  He couldnt reverse that.  The only choice now was to retire Mojo.  The prospect was getting more enticing by the second.  He would enjoy slicing his heart out and feeding it to him.  He would dream soundly tonight.
Mojo still had the balance of the cocaine shipment inside the container, almost eight million dollars worth.  He also had all the distributors in the West that Pea had given him.  Hell, even if Pea didnt cheat him, this was a good situation.  He just needed to kill off Pea to finalize the deal.
In San Jose, Hunter had arrived back to Sue Anns apartment after spending the night before in a cheap hotel in Los Angeles.  It had taken hours to clean his gear and equipment from the harbor slime.  Even the equipment float which had served as his shipping container had had to be scrubbed with bleach.  It hardly fit in the bathtub.  Hed started something in the drug world, but it wouldnt be obvious for a while.  Nothing would make the evening news.  Hed need to watch carefully to see if any violence was reported in the Bay Area involving Pea.  Some small time dealer killed in Los Angeles wouldnt make the news up north.  What if Al-Zeid (Mojo) didnt miss the drugs?  It seemed unlikely.  Hunter just wanted Pea put away or killed.  He wanted his sister and lover to be safe, wherever they were.`
In the morning, he called Johns cell phone again. It rang several times, and he was going to give up when someone unfamiliar answered, What?
Hunter didnt know what to say initially.  Hed used speed dial, he hadnt misdialed.  Who is this?
The line went dead.  Who had he just talked to?
In San Francisco, Captain Korb left his guest and walked to the bridge phone to call Pea.  Luca.  I just got a call from H. Kohl on Richards phone.  He has it programmed.
Luca was excited.  Bring it to me, immediately.
So, the detective knew more people in the family, more than just the sister.  He knew Hunter Kohl.  This was interesting.  The detective just became more valuable.
Hunter called the Murray building in Washington.  Is John Fleming there?
Negative.  Let me talk to someone who knows about his work in California; this is Hunter Kohl.
After a brief period on hold, This is Director Hendrix, what can I do for you, Mr. Kohl.
Sir, I am working with John Fleming, although out here in California hes John Richards.
I cant talk about that, Mr. Kohl.
Yeah.  I know.  But look, John is missing.  I just called his cellphone, and some unknown creep answered.  I think hes in trouble.
Thank you, Mr. Kohl, were already looking into it.
Sir, look, respectfully.  John hid my sister and girlfriend for protection.  If he has John, they could be in danger.
Well look into that, Mr. Kohl.
Look, sir.  I know you have your protocol, but I need to know where they are.
Mr. Kohl, protection is just that.  If Deputy Director Fleming is compromised, we will look into the matter of protection and take appropriate measures.  Im sure you understand its for your own good if you should be compromised as well.  This was the first acknowledgement that Hendrix even knew Hunter was an agent.  The call ended, and he got no more information.
Fifty miles north, Captain Korb stood at the opening into the Ocean Queens refrigerator hold with Ramon in the background.  Tell me, Inspector Richards, are you comfortable?
John was huddled naked against the steel wall in the giant sub-freezing hold of the ship.  Pallet crates of fish would normally be lowered into the freezing chamber for fast-freeze and storage during extended trawling voyages.  Richards had been untied and stripped twelve hours earlier before the freezer was energized, after Korb met with Pea.  It had taken more than an hour for the expansive volume of air to lower to twenty-seven degrees.  Korb had said something, but what?  Richards couldnt turn his head or talk.  The cold had lowered his body temperature and started damaging internal organs, he had no more control over his body functions.  His feet and backside were frozen to the metal.  He couldnt fall or sit, as all feeling had drained from his body.  His joints didnt move.  He was blue, except for his lips and eyelids that shined ruby red.  Korb panicked, thinking hed gone too far without getting the answers Pea had demanded.  He had threatened and harangued Richards for half an hour while the temperature dropped, but the man remained silent.  Now, he looked dead.
Korb threw the freezer door completely open and rushed with Ramon to try to revive Richards.  Luca would not tolerate killing the man without finding Kohl or his women.  Ramon pulled Richards body from the wall and got no response, despite the skin still frozen to the wall.  There was no blood where his body was ripped from the steel sides and floor.  He was still limber enough to bend over Ramons shoulder when carried to the crew quarters.  They wouldnt know for another hour if Richards would regain consciousness.  Korb frantically threw blankets on Richards and tried to leave the room more than once, but Ramon blocked him in place.  Ramon had his orders, too.
In the apartment, Hunter went on line and saw Sea Fury entering San Francisco bay.  Ocean Wanderer was leaving its berth.  The shipment cycle seemed to be accelerating with both ships in motion at the same time.  He thought to himself that the south coast must be in short supply, or was something else happening?  Was Pea really shipping more drugs to his collaborator in San Pedro, or was something else happening?
Late that night, Richards started moaning and hallucinating.  Korb slapped him several times but couldnt bring Richards back to reality.  Come on, you bastard.  You cant die.  Talk to me!  He slapped him repeatedly until Ramon restrained him.  Korb looked at Ramon and pleaded with his old cellblock protector.  Ramon, it was an accident.  He was weak.  How could I know?
Ramon released his grip and stared at the Captain.  Korb regained some composure and continued trying to revive Richards who was near death.  He wasnt dead yet, but the process was irreversible.  Korb had gone too far with his torture, with no results.  He shook Richards again.  Come on, you pig, talk to me!
Hunter arranged his make-shift security devices and placed the Beretta on the nightstand before collapsing in the bed.  He would shower in the morning and assess things before deciding on his next step.  He worried about John, but he more worried about Claire and Laura.  It angered him that he didnt even know how to contact them.  Their cell phones had been disabled to avoid tracking and John was supposed to be keeping Hunter informed.  But, John knew where they were hidden, and Pea probably had John.  At least he had his phone.  The night was stormy again and rain beat against the windows, keeping Hunter from sleeping.  He tossed, thinking about what could happen to his women, thinking also about Sue Ann.  He had to stop the madness, even if he had to break the law to do it.  The authorities had to work within legal boundaries, something that would surely mean death for people he loved.
In the morning, he showered before dawn.  He hadnt slept much, but he wasnt tired either.  The sun blazed through the remnants of clouds shortly after he was dressed.  He sat briefly, watching the morning news.  His phone rang and he looked at the display before answering.  Hi, Leigh.
Hi.  You back in DC yet?
No. Im still in California.
Good, I was going to call earlier, but thought you might still be there.
Whats up?
Did you see the news yet?
No.
Your friendly California Senator, Jenson, got hauled away by the Feds from his home this morning at three AM.  No ones sure if it was the FBI or Secret Service.
Hunter sat down.  Are you kidding?  What does this mean, Leigh?
I dont know yet, Hunter, but it might mean that theres still time to pass the bill if they can get it on the floor today or tomorrow.
He shook his head.  Unbelievable!  Do I need to call anyone?
You should, but dont bother.  Ill take care of this end.  You take care of your business, then get back here as fast as you can.
I will.
He was conflicted.  His job needed him in DC, but his family welfare meant he should be here.  Family wins.
In San Francisco, Peas cozy business was unraveling all around him.  He didnt know what to address first.  He called Number One.
What can I do for you, Luca?
Are you on your way to DC?
Im going to the airport today and will fly overnight.  Therere no good flights to the east coast after one oclock.  My flight leaves at ten-thirty tonight.
Do you have everything you need?
I should have.
Pea didnt smile.  He wasnt smiling about anything lately.  He had screamed at his daughter earlier at home, and his wife had thrown something at him.  He had two enemies, Mojo and Kohl.  Mojo would be taken care of like normal business.  Kohl was ruining his business and was more important.  He would get him soon.
In Washington, the kids were in a secret school and Laura visited Claire in her apartment for lunch.  They tried to keep each other company often.  Partly they were both scared that they were targets of the maniac in California.  Jos had been murdered and Sue Ann was probably dead.  Hunter hadnt said anything about her, but they both knew he thought Pea killed her, too.  When John Richards had told Claire that he was in the Secret Service and needed to protect her, it was the first time she felt genuinely scared.  But now, their temporary stay in protection was starting to feel like prison.  It was like being locked away from sight.  John had called every day at first, but that had stopped a few days ago.  The ladies sat at the dinette table in Claires three-bedroom apartment.
Claire was eight years older than Laura, but theyd shared so much recently that they felt like sisters.  Claire asked, Have you heard from anyone lately?
Laura pursed her lips.  Claire, its really frustrating.  I know they said Hunter wouldnt be told where we were, but why did they take our cellphones?  Dont they trust us?
Laura, they probably know what theyre doing.  Im getting a little worried because John hasnt called.  At least hes a connection to the outside.  And, I know how you feel.  My kids are crazy living here.  They want to be home in their own rooms with their friends.  This is like a prison to them too.  I told them that they would be leaving soon, so they arent even trying to make friends at school.
Laura said, I work less than an hour away from here, but havent touched anything on my desk.  I dont even know if I have a job anymore.
John said that that was all taken care of.
Yeah, I know.  At least you have your kids.  I dont have anyone here.  I wish I could talk to Hunter.
Are you going out today?
I have to, Claire.  Ill buy some groceries or just walk around.
The ladies had been told to stay near the compound and be inside before nightfall.  They werent allowed to drive unless an agency car took them, so they just stayed within walking distance.
Hunter began watching CNN and CSPAN to track the Appropriations Bills.  Everything was done except the Defense Spending Bill, and it would come out of Committee late in the day.  Tomorrow, the Senate would vote on it.  If it passed, the bills would go to conference with the with a small group of negotiators from both sides to reconcile any differences.  All of the other executive department bills had already been reviewed by both Houses of Congress but held in suspension until the massive defense bill arrived.  Both sides of the Hill thought they could have a comprehensive Appropriations package sent to the President for signature before the end of next week, on the last day of the Fiscal Year.  It was an election year and all of the House members and one third of the Senate were up for re-election.  No one wanted to leave this fundamental responsibility undone as they had the previous year.  At least half of the incumbents would fall victim to campaign attacks from their opponents if the Bill failed and they needed an emergency resolution instead.
Leigh had seen it all before, but this process mystified Hunter.  So much of the legislative process had nothing to do with the fundamental needs of the American people.  It all had to do with politics.  The defense bill didnt reflect the needs of the defense department.  Hell, the troops went to Iraq and Afghanistan without body armor and with soft-sided HWMMVs  but with an overabundance of airplanes and ships because certain pork-barrel politicians needed the jobs back home, regardless of the cost to all Americans.  The squabble that many referred to as healthy debate had no relevance when it came to the end of the fiscal year under the cloud of a pending election.  It was all too complex, and Hunter appreciated Leighs experience.
She understood the motivating factors of several key members that he could never learn -- he would never want to learn.  Some people enjoyed the intricacies of federal governance, but he hated it.  Even worse, the process had little to do with reflecting the so-called will of the people.  It was all about individual egos and the greed of people who chose politics as a profession, something the founding fathers had tried to avoid.
Aside from Washington news, he watched the progress of Peas ships as Wanderer circled back from her brief stop in Central America en route to San Pedro.  From all appearances, watching the traces on his computer, Pea was following the same routes used before.  If it maintained course and speed, it would dock in San Pedro late that night.
Luciano Pea was in his office meeting with his remaining ships crews, drivers and Ramon.  He laid out a plan for them all to go south with him to take care of Mojo.  Once that was done, he would deal with any dealers who objected.  Most of his people would leave tonight by car.  Pea and two guards would fly in the morning.  Ramon would stay behind and help protect Peas family.  He didnt like going anywhere without Ramon nearby, but he was paranoid that Mojo would do something stupid.  Paranoia had, which had kept his family safe in the past.  Roxanne seemed disappointed that Luca ignored her, but he was getting all the excitement he could handle by meeting with the cutthroats and the walking tattoo posters behind closed doors.  They were all repulsive.  Her only instructions were to keep the door closed and not interrupt them for any reason.
That evening, Hunter watched the trace of Ocean Queen leaving the dock on another trip to the Farallons.  His heart sank.  Some hours later, after midnight, Wanderer entered the berth at San Pedro.  It was the same berth used twice before.  Hunter wondered if they just overlooked the missing drugs.  Hed done the math.  Hed scuttled over five million dollars in the harbor.  How could that be overlooked?  Even for a man like Pea, it was a lot of money.
The process in San Pedro had been going on smoothly since before Pea collaborated with Mojo.  His team was in place and wasnt going to change.  The difference now was that Mojo hadnt been given the arrival schedule for this shipment, and the person receiving it was Peas former LA Distributor, who was now working for him again.  Everything went smoothly.  This time, Hunter wasnt waiting below to pilfer the shipment.  The dump truck backed onto the dock when signaled and the load was transferred as it always had been.  Nine hundred kilos of uncut cocaine sat in a cube in the bed of the truck, worth fifteen thousand dollars per kilo.
The truck started leaving the dock without headlights.  AS the truck reached the end of the dock, the driver was preparing to turn onto the frontage road when Mojos long black limousine blocked the exit.  Several men jumped out with MAC-10 Machine pistols.  The driver panicked and shifted into reverse but there was no place to go far.  The crane blocked the dock.  He jumped from the cab and immediately fell to his knees.
Mohammed Al-Zeid stepped from back of the car and walked up to the quivering man, signaling one of his men to drive the dump truck away.  The man begged as Mojo grabbed his collar and lifted him to his feet, pushing him to the edge of the dock.  The man pleaded, Mojo...  He never finished.  The knife slit his throat and he fell backward into the black slime.  Mojo and the drugs were gone in seconds.  He would make his largest profit ever with drugs stolen from Luca Pea.  He savored the thought as he was driven toward his home in Palos Verdes, not far away.
The following morning, Peas men arrived in San Bernardino with equipment after driving since midnight from San Francisco.  They were waiting at the airport when Pea and his two guards landed at San Bernardino airport.  The engines on his jet were still winding down when Pea and his guards deplaned and headed toward the empty car driven down from San Francisco by his driver with more equipment.  The pilot was told to stay with the plane for a departure in the afternoon.
They left the airport in convoy for Victorville.  Its located at the southwestern edge of the Mojave Desert, 80 miles northeast of Los Angeles, and 35 miles north of San Bernardino through the Cajon Pass on Interstate 15.  Its roughly halfway between LA and Las Vegas.  Before the collaboration with Mojo, Jesus Ruiz was Luca Peas main distributor in Southern California.  Ruiz was waiting for Pea and his friends to visit him before noon at his high-desert fortress.  He ran a heavy equipment business from a very private location in a gorge defined by steep mountainsides.  The entrance was protected by a huge unmanned iron gate spanning between massive concrete pillars that could stop any car trying to ram.  The gate was standing open for Peas caravan.  They drove up the curvy quarter-mile dirt road to Ruizs massive equipment building.  In addition to maintenance on earthmovers and backhoes, the building had some unique hidden storage facilities and drug cutting rooms.  Ruiz stood in a large open garage door when they arrived.
When Peas car door was opened, Jesus met him with a familiar Latin hug and welcoming remarks in Spanish, which Luca had never learned, much to his parents disappointment.
Luca, my friend, and your friends, welcome to my modest business.
Luca handed his sports coat to one of his guards.  Jesus, my friend, there is nothing modest about your business.  Business is good, no?
Never better, Luca, although Im not sure Mojo and I will get along as well as you and I.
Well, Mi Amigo, I want to talk to you about that.  I know that you were told to work for Mojo now, but thats why Im here.  Can we go inside to talk?  It was already nearing one hundred degrees in the high desert.
Certainly, my friend.  Does this mean we are back in business?
The two men departed for the building office and Peas men moved the cars inside the equipment building, out of the direct sun.  Jesus was alone and most of his equipment was parked on all sides of the building.  He had once been the largest earthmoving contractor from Victorville to Palmdale, but business was slow with the recession.  Pea had worked with Jesus for twenty years, beginning as a small local dealer on the side of his main construction business.  They had always trusted each other, and Jesus became Peas largest distributor over time.  His unusual location and equipment gave Jesus the ability to bury his problems, literally.  The only law enforcement in the rural desert was the County Sheriff who was responsible for thousands of square miles of desolate territory.  Jesus was completely isolated with no neighbors to complain.  He had never been in trouble with the law.
The setup was brilliant in its simplicity.  But Mojo had had a distribution network before collaborating with Pea and was now cutting Jesus back to be a local dealer.  He had a legitimate reason to complain.  At the same time, Pea would need someone to take over Mojos operations now that their relationship was over.  Jesus was trusted and was now motivated to cooperate with Pea.
Mojo was travelling in caravan toward Escondido when Jesus called.  Jesus wasnt happy and demanded to meet with him or he would use his network against Mojo.  He would be a competitor.  No one ever threated Mojo!  He ordered his cars to change course and drive to Victorville immediately!
There was no way to know exactly when Mojo would arrive, but they had enough time to set the trap.  Equipment began to be moved.  Some of Peas men were given quick lessons on driving the huge machines.
It was early afternoon when Mojos three cars approached Jesuss property.  The late afternoon sun shone brightly with no clouds.  It had not rained for almost sixty days and the dirt road created an opaque curtain behind each car.  The early fall temperature was getting even hotter, which was unusual at this elevation.  At night, it would be cold enough to snow if there was any precipitation.  It almost never snowed.
Mojos cars stopped at the open gate.  Several men, including Mojo, got out and talked without driving through the gate.  Pea was watching with binoculars from a fire road carved part way up the side of the mountain above the equipment building.  For several minutes, nothing happened, as Mojo talked to his men.  At one point, he used his cellphone, which was useless in the mountains.  There was no cellular coverage that could reach into the canyons.  From Peas vista point, he could see arms flailing and uncertainty among the men at the gate, but he was counting on Mojos arrogance to disregard subordinate complaints.
Finally, the first black Chevy Suburban drove through the gate.  The limousine and the other Suburban remained outside.  The trail of dust from the first vehicle signaled its location throughout the gorge, even when it was obscured from direct view.  It stopped at the equipment building, and no one left the car.  It sat for several seconds before continuing to drive around to the back.  There were no open doors and no passenger vehicles in sight.  It drove around front again and stopped.  For a minute, nothing happened, then the limousine drove through the gate followed by the security truck in blinding dust close behind.  Unseen by the caravan through the dust, Peas man moved from the nearby brush and closed the gate.  He then jumped up onto the CAT9 bulldozer and began moving slowly up the road behind them, sealing their exit.  There was no other way out of the canyon.
When the limousine and security trucks were together in front of the equipment building, two men began trying to open doors and pounding for Jesus to open up.  After some moments, they signaled that no one was answering.  They stayed outside the armored Suburbans, discussing things that werent audible from Peas vista above, but the discussion abruptly stopped when they heard the bulldozer coming up the road.  Both men went back to their trucks.  From above, the caravan looked like a circled wagon train waiting for an Indian attack.  Pea used a portable radio to communicate.
In unison, three large earthmoving machines bellowed black smoke and accelerated toward them.  Jesus drove a huge buldozer, and two other machines closed around the cars.  The scene was quickly obscured by dust that no one could see through.  Again, none of the black vehicles moved.  When the dust began dissipating, Mojo was encircled by heavy machines that were parked with nobody visible.  Peas men were in defensive positions, prepared for an assault by Mojo that didnt happen.
Inside the equipment building, other Pea men readied a Rocket Propelled Grenade.  It was a modern version of an old Soviet design that was built under contract for the US Army in Illinois for the Afghan Defense Forces.  Pea had procured many of them through semi-legitimate channels.  On the hillsides and behind some of the equipment, men with sniper rifles waited.
No one moved in the cars.  When ready, a small service door was thrust open at the side of the building opposite Mojos limousine and the RPG was fired directly into the side of the car.  The warhead of the rocket exploded, lifting the massive car off the ground a few inches.  Doors flew open and two men tumbled out, stunned and crawling on the ground.  Within seconds, they started rising unbalanced and only semi-coherent with MAC-10 machine spraying bullets everywhere, hitting some of the equipment, but mostly streaking harmlessly through the air.  Peas snipers fired several times from elevated hillside positions, and both men fell.  Mojos car was billowing black smoke, and he could no longer hide inside.  He rolled out on the ground, bleeding and disoriented from the blast.   One of Peas men fired and Mojo spun around like a pinwheel.  The shot from the high-power .30-06 shattered his right hip.  Pea ordered the shooting to stop and walked slowly back down from his hillside perch.  When he arrived, his men had all moved closer but were still concealed behind equipment, waiting for the security car doors to open.  They had more RPG rounds, but held their fire.
Pea stopped outside the perimeter with Jesus, then walked past the equipment to where Mojo was squirming on the ground.  His security guards stayed inside the bullet-proof Suburbans with the windows up.  Peas men would kill anyone who showed himself.  He walked next to Mojo, who was cursing and trying to roll over to push himself up.  His lower right side was useless with the hip blown away.  Pea didnt normally carry a gun, but Mojos was lying on the ground not far away.  He picked it up and blew dirt off.  Mojo started to say something when Pea shot him through the temple.  He stepped closer and fired several more times into the corpse, as a signal to the guards hiding in the armored cars.  Then he signaled for his men in the building to bring another RPG.  Standing only thirty feet away, the rocket was aimed at the lead car, waiting for Peas instruction.
Pea yelled, You men in the cars.  Throw out your weapons and step out where I can see you.  Nothing happened quickly, and he was about to shoot the rocket when the doors opened in the front vehicle, and three men came out, leaving their guns inside.  They stood near the car until ordered to move away as a group.  Pea then had the RPG aimed at the second car, and they surrendered also.
Peas men kept their positions with their rifles pointed at Mojos guards.  He was standing in front of the body.  You men.  You have a choice to make.  It is a choice to live or to die.  If you chose to live, you will be well-compensated, working for my new western distributor, Jesus Ruiz.  If you do not want to be loyal to him, then you can leave now and disappear.  You will not be trusted.  We run a business based on trust.  Mojo broke that trust.  You see what happens when you break the trust.  Those that want to leave can get in the first car and drive away.  He signaled for one of his men to collect the guns from the car.  You men who want to be part of the new organization and take orders from Jesus can stay.  He signaled for those leaving to move, but all remained still.  He walked closer to them.  They all had the hardened look of East LA gang members and ex-cons.  He walked past them all, then back to the middle and shot one fellow in the head who had sneered at him.  All the men jumped, startled.
That man (pointing with the gun to the dead guard), he will serve as an example to all of you.  If you cross me, or your new boss, you will die.
Nothing was said by anyone.  Now, get this trash out of here.  You can start by helping Jesus bury them up in the canyon.  The men quickly picked up the bodies and threw them into the scoop of a nearby skip loader.  Jesus was smiling from the background.
Thank you, Luca.  I never met Mojo in person, and hes not somebody I could stand for long.  Youve done me a service and a great honor.
Pea put his hand on his friends shoulder.  We will do some good business together, Compadre.  Bury them deep, and bury that (pointing to the destroyed limousine) with its owner.
Thats no problem Luca, I have miles of desert there (gesturing farther up the canyon from the building).  Im sure I can handle a few more graves.
Oh, one more thing Jesus.  Yesterday, last night, Mojo stole nine hundred keys from me in San Pedro.  I want you to find it.  You owe me thirteen million dollars for it.  He had an earlier shipment of the same amount that he tried to steal.  I want you to find it also, and you can have half for free as a reward.  That piece of shit there (pointing toward Mojos body in the loader) took two shipments that cost me a lot of cash. I want it back.
I have some good men, Luca, some bad hombres that will find it.  Youll get your money back.
Thank you, my friend.
Peas men reloaded the weapons in the trunk of one car and left for San Francisco.  He returned to the airport for the flight home.  One problem was solved.
Jericho
Whats going on!  Pea was frustrated.  Hed waited till the following morning to call Senator Jenson.  He tried his home office and his mobile phone.  Both went to voice mail.  He waited half an hour, more than he had ever needed to wait in the past, but Jenson was ignoring him.  Has something gone wrong, and Jenson was afraid to talk to him!  In desperation, he called the Senators office, but was told that the he was not in the office currently.  When he asked, the receptionist said he would be gone for an undetermined time.  Luca demanded: Is he sick?  Is he in California?  Is he on vacation?  She refused to give any details.  He demanded to talk to Jensons Legislative Director.
This is Sharon Wallace.
Hello, my name is Luciano Pea, Im one of the Senators constituents and contributors.
Yes, Mr. Pea, I recognize you.
Good, Ms. Wallace.  Now I need to speak to the Senator, its urgent.
That wont be possible at the moment, Mr. Pea.
Look, Im getting tired of the run around.  Where is he?
She paused.  Sir.  Have you seen the news?
Pea had a sense of foreboding.  No.  Tell me.
Well, sir.  Were still trying to get details, so I cant tell you any more than what we see on the news here in DC.
So, whats that?
Mr. Pea, the Senator was arrested yesterday morning.  We dont know the circumstances, but we expect him back in the office at any time.
Luca was furious, When!
Well, sir.  We cant say for sure.
Tell him to call Luca Pea immediately when he comes in.
Pea was too upset to be rational, too upset for his morning coffee with Roxanne.  He called a number that only he knew.
Number One answered, Hello, Luca.
Luca had a nasty tone.  Tell me you got them!
Not yet.
Well, get them!
Its not that easy, Luca.  This place has tight security, tighter than your house.
So what are you doing, just sitting on your ass costing me money?  Luca was feeling pressure on several fronts.  His money was extended in two unpaid shipments, and his whole business was in jeopardy with Jenson out of the picture.
Number One remained calm.  Look, Luca.  Weve been sitting here on our ass checking everyone that comes and goes.  Its only a matter of time.
I dont have time!
Luca, theres nothing more that can be done.  I hope we will have good news today.
Good, Im sending my plane.  Bring them to me today.
Do what you want, Luca.
Luca had become irrational.  Even if Hunter Kohl could do something, they were out of time.  Kohl was just a symbol at this time, someone to be the target of his frustration.  He would enjoy torturing and killing his women in front of him.  He would have them cut into bait for the sharks.  Kohl would see it all.  Kohl would plead.  Pea would savor every minute of it.  The thought of his revenge eased his anxiety slightly, Roxanne, get in here!
In San Jose, Hunter tried to piece together what he knew and didnt know.  He didnt know if the strategy to create a war between the drug lords had worked.  He didnt know for sure that the drug language would pass.  He didnt know if Jenson would be released in time to stop the legislative process.  He didnt know where Laura and Claire were hiding.  He didnt know for sure if Sue Ann and John were alive or dead.  He didnt know anything.  His future planning was based only on his intuition.  He had no facts.  The women were in danger.  He was sure of it.
He spent the day doing more on-line research about Luciano Pea.  Amazingly, the man had never been arrested for anything.  He was a pillar of society.  He lived in Pacific Heights.  He was friends with the Mayor and state politicians.  He knew all the Bay Area elites.  How could such a monster maintain this faade?
According to Leigh, Blithe and Stubbs were using their influence to perfection.  The Senate Defense Bill, the last of the Appropriations Bills had gone to the floor of the whole Senate for approval with the redefinition of substance control embedded.  The House Bill was very similar to the Senate in most respects and identical in the drug language.  The House Bill had passed the floor vote and was waiting for the Senate to act on it.  There would be a conference between the houses, but it wasnt expected to be lengthy or difficult.  The President could have the final Appropriations Bill for signature within forty-eight hours.
Hunter hoped that passage of the Bill would finally put an end to Peas business.  The man would return to being a fisherman, or leave the country, or go to prison.  The sun had fallen in the late fall evening, and the coastal fog had rolled in over the mountains.  Then his phone rang: it said J. Richards.  Hello.
Well Mr. Kohl, its time to settle some scores.
Look, Pea, its over.  You lose.
I am MISTER Pea to you, you puny civil servant!  You think you can win against me!  Well, I have a little surprise for you.  You know a young lady, an attractive young lady named Laura Malone?
What do you mean?
I mean I have her.
It was like a blow to his gut, Look you two-bit drug dealer, if you harm her ...
Shut up!  You do not make threats to me.  No one does that!
What do you want, Pea?
I want you, that is all.  I will take you in exchange for the girl.
Look, you maniac.  Its over.  You have no more argument with me!
Oh, youre wrong.  I have a debt to collect.  You have been warned.  I always collect my debts
Hunter didnt say any more.  The man was irrational.  Pea continued.  You will come to my boat docks tonight at midnight.  That is the only instruction you will be given.  It is quite lonely there at night, so come alone.  We will know if you are followed.
Pea didnt quite have her yet.  His plane with Laura aboard would land around nine that night and Ramon would bring her to the boat.  It was almost eight oclock.
Earlier that day, Laura had been impatient and had gone outside of the complex on foot to the local mall for lunch.  The Secret Service had recommended against leaving the compound unnecessarily, but it was the middle of the day, and she wasnt going far.  Chances of anyone recognizing her were a million to one.
Actually, her statistics were wrong.  A white windowless van with three men had her picture and her address.  They were waiting for her to venture out.  They were waiting for both women.  One was as good as the other and almost as good as two.  Pea wanted a hostage, and she walked right into their trap.
There had been a struggle on the sidewalk, which many people witnessed.  Two men jumped from the van and attacked her.  She screamed and fought back.  She wasnt easy for them to abduct.  Before anyone could help, they had her inside and drove off.  Some of the witnesses said she was injured in the attack, but was still struggling violently when the van sped away.  It was a plain white van, but no one got a license number.  In an hour, the van was abandoned at the rural Stafford Airport, south of Quantico, with their cargo wrapped like a mummy in duct tape.
Hunter knew what he was going to do: his plans crystallized instantly.  He had rehearsed it in his mind before, but it had been purely fantasy.  He hated it.  Now it was real. It wasnt the danger: it was the moral principal.  Hed had the plan in his mind for days, or weeks, but never brought it to the surface, until forced by Pea now.  He had less than four hours to act.  The one thing Pea would value was his family.  That was clear from the publicity and the donations, but it also made logical sense.  Paternal instinct trumped all.  Even ruthless murderers loved their children.  This is what Pea was using against Hunter, love of family  and now it would be used against him.  Pea forced Hunter into an action he dreaded.
The plane landed and taxied to the hangar and the doors were closed immediately.  Lauras restraints had been removed in the air.  She was sitting with three men who forbid her to talk and basically ignored her except to hand her a first-aid kit for minor cuts.  She was mostly suffering from large bruises over most of her body from the rough treatment and collision with the van door when they were throwing her inside.  She knew who they worked for and that he killed people.
As the plane crossed the California border, they gave her the option of cooperating as they applied new restraints, or they would do it by force.  She allowed them to wrap her arms and feet in duct tape.  They also taped over her eyes and mouth.  She was helpless and scared.  When the plane stopped, she could hear the echo from inside the closed hangar and smelled the residual jet fumes filling the air.  Two men carried her down the stairs and laid her on the backseat of a large car.  She couldnt see any of it, but it was a long car seat.  Almost immediately, it started rolling.
Hunter gathered his equipment, including some things hed acquired since he came back to California.  With the awful things he needed to do now, he wouldnt use conventional weapons.  He had an idea where Laura would be, but he couldnt take a chance on being wrong.  He needed leverage on his side too.  He was dressed in black BDUs disguised by a light-colored windbreaker.  Forty-five minutes later, he was on the outskirts of Pacific Heights reconnoitering.  After driving by, he parked one street away from Peas house, across Lafayette Park.  He waited until he was sure that no one was strolling in the cold damp evening before leaving the car and moving into the shadows of the trees, carrying a long black bag with him.  It was dark and most residents were indoors or already in bed.  There was no traffic in the exclusive neighborhood.  The parks lush foliage made it easy to remain hidden, moving along the fringe to the edge of Peas estate.
The front fence of the property was built like a fortress, and he assumed there would be guards on the inside, all Peas murderous men.  On the west side of the property, the fence was an eight-foot concrete wall, plastered in stucco to look like the adobe walls surrounding California missions.  The house was about fifty feet beyond the fence with manicured evergreens planted along the wall from inside the estate.  He laid the bag on the ground and attached his Beretta holster to his black utility belt.  The black Velcro holster was designed to split open if he needed to draw quickly.  He hoped that it wouldnt be needed in the residential neighborhood.  His fixed-blade knife normally went across his chest, but tonight it was fastened behind with the gun.
His main weapon was a compound archery bow.  SEALS train with the compound bow, but he hadnt used one for several years.  All of his skills had been neglected since going to Washington, but he felt adequate with the weapons.  The compound bow is very compact with limbs that are much stronger than conventional bows. Its more energy-efficient, and pulley systems give a huge mechanical advantage.  It had a seventy-pound effective draw weight, but with the pulley system, it had the draw pressure equivalent of only thirty-five pounds for precise aiming at full extension without arm strain for a strong man.  It was small enough to carry slung over his back.  Nine arrows with razor-sharp broad-head tips were mounted in quick release clamps to the bow.  He didnt know how many guards would be around the house, and needed to remain silent.  He definitely didnt want a firefight around the other houses with police only minutes away, especially with only a single handgun.
He surveyed the fence and didnt see any electrical wire or sharp edges on top, probably because this was an upscale neighborhood that forbids such things.  Human sentries, concealed inside would provide much better security.
With the equipment secured, he tugged on everything attached to his body one last time.  He crouched next to the wall, then jumped, grabbing the clay tiles adorning the top of the fence.  He hung motionless for a couple seconds, listening, then pulled upward slowly, hoping the tiles were well-cemented.  The rough surface provided good traction for his boots.  When chin-high, he reached over the top and swung one leg up.  He was over the fence like a cat in seconds, hidden behind the evergreens.  He waited motionless and listened.  He couldnt see any guards and all the lights were out at this end of the house.  It was late enough for the family to be in bed, unless Peas wife was particularly devoted, which he couldnt imagine.
He moved across the yard to the side of the house, hidden in the foundation plantings.  Moments later, he moved to the back corner.  Behind the house was a huge patio, leading to a swimming pool.  One man was sitting at a picnic table, relaxed, smoking a cigarette.  Hunter wondered what Pea would do if he knew his guard was this lazy.  He moved back along the side to the front.  There were carriage lamps around the front entrance and surrounding the circular drive.  One man was sitting by the front door and another was walking slowly along the edge of the driveway, bored.  There had probably never been a serious threat at Peas house.
The neighborhood was quiet, isolated from the sounds of the nearby inner city.  There was just a slight breeze rustling through the trees and bushes, and the common Bay Area night fog defused any moonlight.  Hunter moved in the shadows back to the rear of the house.  There wasnt any motion sensing lighting, probably to avoid disturbing the family as the guards walked around.  There didnt seem to be any extraordinary security outside of the house except the guards.
Peering through the bushes at the rear corner, he saw the man near the pool, still sitting and smoking.  The guard wore a light windbreaker with no weapons visible.  The coat looked unnatural on the hired killer, but would conceal a gun.  Hunter moved slowly away from the house, across the lawn behind the man, watching the back of his head.  The man shifted slightly, and Hunter froze.  In the dark, dressed all in black with face paint, he was invisible if he didnt move.  The man slouched further and actually looked like he would sleep in the pool chair.  Pea would kill him if he knew.  Hunter would save Pea the trouble.
He moved again and stopped on the lawn immediately behind the guard, about forty feet away.  He slowly removed an arrow from its holder and nocked it on the bowstring.  He did everything slowly to avoid detectable noise as he drew the bowstring back to rest in a familiar location pressing under his right jawbone.  He sighted along the open window above the arrow rest and took a deep breath.  The bow fired with more force than any conventional bow making a small swishing sound as the pulleys rotated and the fletched end of the arrow passed over the rest on the left side of the bow.  The flight time of the arrow was less than ten milliseconds.  Even if he had heard something, the man could never have reacted in time.
The arrow pierced the chair cushion as though it wasnt there.  The mans head jerked upward involuntarily as the arrow passed through his chest, almost exiting from the front.  His nervous system seized and he couldnt move with his heart sliced nearly in two.  Broad head arrows kill without the traumatic shock of a gunshot.  A sharp hunting arrow can pass completely through its prey like a rapier, sometimes virtually unfelt.  This arrow split the sternum and didnt exit, although most of it extended in front of the man.  Hunter ran up to the man with his knife, ready to finish the job, which proved unnecessary.  He was paralyzed from shock and would die in less than a minute.  He remained sitting, as he had been, with his gaze fixed straight ahead.
Hunter ran back into the shadows next to the house.  He moved cautiously toward the front.  The two men, guarding the entrance, posed a more difficult target.  He watched them for several minutes.  The man sitting in the recessed doorway was facing toward the garage, opposite Hunters location.  When the other man pacing along the driveway turned around, walking toward the garage, Hunter moved across the yard toward the front wall of the property near one of the two gated entrances.  He was careful to remain outside the field of vision of the man sitting by the entry door.  He waited in the shadows as the man pacing the driveway returned from the other end.  It was a senseless exercise from a security standpoint, but probably helped the guard overcome the monotony.  Hunter waited unmoving in the shadows, melding with the shrubs near the gate.  The man was coming toward him.  He needed to wait and time the shot so the man on the porch wasnt alerted.  Near Hunter, the rambling guard would be at the extreme edge of the sitting guards vision.  Hunter crouched in darkness and waited.  Impatience on his part would destroy the surprise and probably destroy Laura.  He gnashed his teeth and leaned further back into the bushes, slowly placing an arrow on its rest.
The man kept moving toward him, apparently in a semi-trance from boredom.  Hunter didnt know if he would come all the way to the gate or if he followed a shorter pattern, or if there was any pattern at all.  When the man was about forty feet away, Hunter stood slowly in sync with the swaying bushes.  When standing, he drew back and held the string against his cheek, again in the familiar position against his jaw, waiting.  The pulley system allowed him to hold in this position for more than a minute before his arm would quiver.  The man kept walking directly at him.  He was within lethal range of the arrow, but Hunter held fire as the guard continued to approach.  Ten feet away, Hunter let the arrow fly, hitting the center of the mans chest.  Only the feathered end of the arrow remained visible.  The man seemed to freeze, then rise on his toes as Hunter moved forward and caught the guard before he could fall.  The mans eyes were bulging, and he seemed to exhale continuously when Hunter laid him down quietly.  One guard to go.
 He crept back toward the corner of the house, then turned, moving along the front, toward the entrance.  He needed to move fast, before the pacing guard was missed.  The sitting guard was hidden from view as Hunter moved along the mature landscaping.  The entrance of the house was covered on both sides with huge Bougainvillea vines extending six to eight feet out from the front and up a huge arbor to the second-floor roof.  He had already nocked another arrow to the bowstring.  At twenty feet away, he could see part of the mans silhouette through the climbing shrubs.  He checked his footing, testing the ground around him.  He needed to step out into the light to get a clear shot.  He waited until the man reached in his coat pocket for a cigarette, temporarily distracted.  Hunter moved in a low crouch away from the house.  He aimed and fired quickly at the guards head, but it hit low, through his throat.  The man jerked out of his chair, gripping the arrow shaft, unable to scream.  He flailed against the door, and Hunter leapt onto him with his knife, shoving it deep under the mans ribs in back and moved the blade back and forth before pushing the guard out onto the lawn.  The man was still squirming but incapacitated and mortally wounded.
Hunter tried the front door -- locked.  The guard had made some noise.  He had to move fast with no choice but to break the door down.  It took two hard kicks to rip the oversized hinges from the hardwood frame.  He bolted into the entry looking in both directions.  There was a small noise at the end of the hall to his right and he ran toward it, smashing through the double doors at full speed into the master suite.  Peas wife was fumbling with the nightstand drawer, pulling hard in an awkward angle, in panic.  He ran to her just as it opened, and she pulled out the gun.  He slapped it away using an open-handed chop to her wrist.  She screamed, and he threw her to the ground beside the bed, reaching for the tie-wraps in his leg pocket.
She cried and yelled at the same time.  Guard, guards!
Go ahead and yell, lady.  Theyre not coming.
She squirmed defiantly in silk pajamas, making it difficult to restrain her.  You cant be here!  Do you know who I am?  Do you know who my husband is?
He knelt beside her.  Of course I do.  Why do you think Im here?
She tried to roll him off, kicking her feet.
Mommy!  A teenage girl came from behind and jumped on Hunter.  He threw her onto the bed.
He got one tie on the mothers feet, then jumped on the daughter and tried to roll her over, but she kicked viciously.  He didnt want to hurt her.  Finally, he was able to tie her feet.  Tie wraps cannot be undone except to cut them off.  He left her hands free temporarily while moving back to the mother and tying her hands together in front.  Melanie Pea wasnt yelling any more, just sobbing uncontrollably and trying to bite through the nylon strap.  He hated what he was doing, but didnt have a choice.  The girl, Shannon, was trying to tug on the foot ties but without any success.  He slipped onto the bed beside her.  Give me your hands!
No.
Give them to me, or Ill tie them behind your back.  I dont want to hurt you, but I will if I have to.
He tied her hands in front as gently as possible when she asked, Who are you?  Why are you doing this?
Its not important who I am.  Youll figure out the rest.  He looked down at Melanie, I dont mean you any harm, but I dont have any choice at this point.  Where are your car keys?
She became defiant.  Im not helping you.  You can go to hell!
He pulled the gun from his belt and aimed it toward Shannon.  Have it your way, lady.  How about I shoot her in the leg?  He sounded serious.
No!  Ill tell you.
He helped her to her feet, sitting her on the bed.  Is there anyone else in the house?  Be careful how you answer.  If you lie to me and someones hiding, they could die.
She spat back, Theres no one else!
Where are your car keys?
He carried each female to the S600 Mercedes in the garage, sitting them in the back seat.  The garage door opened by pushing a button on the cars rearview mirror.  He turned to them before driving out.  Were going for a short drive down by your husbands boats.  If you do anything foolish, remember that I have a gun, and I wont hesitate to shoot either of you.  Im a desperate man.  Thats all you need to know right now.
The two females huddled together in tears.  He knew Mrs. Pea was probably capable of anything right now after hed threatened her daughter.  There was nothing he could do about it.
It took about ten minutes to drive to the Embarcadero, then on to the docks beyond.  He looked at his watch and it was an hour earlier than instructed.  He parked the black car as far from the ships as possible, yet able to see all three clearly under the dim dock lights.  He turned.  Im going to make a phone call now.  At some point I will tell you to say something.  Just stay quiet until I tell you to talk.
Melanie yelled, Go ahead and call, but dont expect us to be quiet.  Shannon sat quietly, staring at him though hate-filled eyes.
He said, Remember that I have the gun.  He glared at them both.  I wont hesitate!  If you keep your mouth shut, you may live, but it will all depend on your husband.
My husband!  What has my husband got to do with anything?
Just stay quiet.
He opened his call log in his cellphone and called the last number.  It rang four times before Pea answered.  Hello, Mr. Kohl, youre early.
Hunter looked sternly at the back seat.  Look Pea, I want to know that Laura, my fiance, is alive.  The women stared at him but didnt say anything.
He pressed the speaker on his phone.  There was a sound of scuffling or sliding on a hard surface, he wasnt sure which.  Then there was a sound of tearing and a yelp as they ripped tape from her mouth.  Peas voice came back on, Talk, bitch!  Say something to your lover.  Tell him to save you.  Tell him!
She was sobbing uncontrollably, Hunter ... Hunter, is that you?
The distress in her voice infuriated him.  He tried to respond as gently as possible, Yes, Im here, sweetheart.
Pea said to someone unseen with him.  Thats enough, get this fresh meat out of here.  This time you can have her before you kill her.
The women in the car with Hunter heard it all, listening in shocked horror.  They sat quietly, listening, unable to react.  Pea bellowed again, Okay, now you have your proof, you fuck.  If you come to me right now, I wont hurt her any more than she is.  I will set her free and only kill you.  If you dont, I will let my men all take their pleasure with her and I will personally cut her in small pieces while shes alive and feed her to the sharks.  I did it to your beautiful cousin and that shit attorney brother-in-law of yours.
Hunter flushed; he finally had the answer hed dreaded about Sue Ann.  He took a few moments to respond, fighting his emotions.  Mr. Pea, as if to remove any doubt with the women in back, you dont have any complaint with me or my family.  You never have.  The drug reform laws are set.  I cant change it now.  Your Senator friend was caught in a phone tap.  It had nothing to do with me.  It certainly didnt have anything to do with the people youve already murdered.
You fucking bureaucrat!  You want to destroy my business.  Well, I will tell you what!  I will destroy you like everyone else whos ever crossed me.  I killed four men just yesterday for crossing me.  I enjoy torturing and killing my enemies.  I froze your detective friend to death.  Me and my men got to watch him turn blue, naked in my freezer, before he told me where your women were hiding.  Hes hard as a brick right below decks.
Hunter answered.  Time for talk is over, Pea, its time for you to Listen!  He held the phone up and pointed the gun at Melanie.
She was still stunned from hearing her husband, a man she suddenly realized she didnt know at all.  He was vicious and cruel; nothing like the man she knew in college or thought that she knew throughout their married life.  Or maybe he was a man she had avoided knowing, blinded by the lifestyle she had never expected before meeting him.  She was sick to her stomach and felt like throwing up.  And now, even worse, their daughter knew the truth.  Her daddy, who had always loved and protected her, was a multiple murderer.  He was worse than a murderer: he was heartless.  Shannons entire memory of her father was suddenly destroyed and replaced with a new vision of him that could never be reconciled.  Her father was ransoming this mans fiance just to be able to kill him.  How evil could one person be?  Shannon had been raised by this killer.  Michele composed herself, saying, Luca.
Hunter muted microphone and left the phone on speaker.  After some moments they heard a sullen reply from Pea.  Mel ... Mel is that you?
Hunter unmuted the phone and held it toward Peas wife again.  Its me, Luca.  He has me and Shannon."
Pea was barely able to control his fury with his wife and daughter listening.  Whats going on?  Where ... are you?  Where are they, Kohl? He demanded.
Theyre with me, Pea.  Theyre both shocked to know the truth about you, but theyre both healthy for now.  He looked at both women who no longer showed any defiance.
Kohl, what are you doing?
Im trading with you, Pea.  Its a two-for-one deal.
Oh, God. What have you done, Kohl?  This is my family, you cant harm them!
Hunter had never expected the man to collapse, but it was happening.  Look Pea, if you want your women back, you have to deal my way.  You know all about killing people Pea.  Im just following the lead of a master.
Pea could hardly speak.  He was furious, but also conflicted.  He didnt know if his wife and daughter had heard everything he had said to Hunter.  This doesnt change anything, Kohl.
Oh. I think it does, Pea.  You get your women, if theyll come back to a murdering drug smuggler.  He glanced at the women who were both avoiding looking at him.
You and I will settle this later, Kohl.
Whatever you say, scum.  He wanted to use much coarser language, but he didnt want to taint the effect the dialogue had had on the women.
Where are you?
Wouldnt you like to know?
How can I get your woman to you?
Hunter found it hard to ask.  Can she walk?
She ... ah, has some damage, but she can walk short distances.  Shannon was crying, which Pea could hear over the phone.
Hunter ordered.  Undo her and walk her to the pier.
Pea, still was still trying to be in control, What makes you think shes on one of my boats?
Because you do all your murdering on your boats and dump the evidence at sea.  Melanie was staring through red eyes and her mouth was agape without saying a word.  Pea hadnt denied any of it.
There were some muffled noises in the background.  Pea then asked, Where will I get my family?
Ill pick up Laura and drop your women at your home if were not followed.
How do I know you will keep your word?
Im not the criminal here, Pea.  You only have my word.  I didnt start this, but I can sure as hell end it.  Ive always said the truth.  Thats the only answer you get.
Pea was painfully aware that his wife and daughter had heard all of Hunters dialogue, and maybe his.  He was about to say something when Melanie screamed from the back seat.  Luca.  You let that poor girl go!  Do it now, and stop asking questions!  If you value whatever you have left in life, do something right!
Hunter kept staring at the boats.  He didnt acknowledge Melanies pleading, but he suddenly felt ashamed that she and her daughter were in this.  More than the trauma of this night, their lives, their illusions about Pea were shattered.
A deck door on Ocean Queen opened, and Peas big man came out with his hand wrapped around Lauras upper arm, half dragging her.  Her hands were tied and she stumbled trying to walk.  Hunter could hardly control his anger seeing her condition, but her only chance of survival depended on his maintaining control.  Peas wife and daughter saw her also.  Ramon shuffled her to the end of the pier and left her there with her hands tied.  Hunters eyes watered as he drove from the dark corner of the dock toward Laura.  He didnt know if Pea could be trusted.  He feared that she would be shot down in front of him as he approached just to satisfy Peas sadistic blood-lust.  He pulled opposite her with his gun in his hand.  He would never have used it on Peas women, but he needed it for show-of-force if something happened.  Untie me.  It was Shannon.  She repeated forcefully, Untie me, and Ill get Laura in the car.
He wasnt sure what to do.  Come on, untie me.  Shes hurt!
Logic told him to stay on plan, but instinct told him he should listen to her.  He didnt dare leave the care.  Instinct won.  He reached across the seat with his knife and cut Shannons restraints.  She rubbed her wrists then jumped from the car and helped Laura into the front seat.  Shannon was gentle helping her sit down, then lifting her legs inside.  Hunter was outraged seeing Laura bruised and hurt, unable to talk through fear.  He could only pray that she hadnt been abused otherwise.  He cut the tape from her wrists, and she curled over next to him.  They embraced momentarily, but he needed to get out of gunshot range.
Hunter could only imagine what Pea was thinking, watching from the bridge of the ship.  He was startled when Shannon got back into the car.  Now, untie my mother.
Hunter did as she asked, even though they were still in proximity of Pea and his men.  He said, Im sorry I got you into this.
Melanie rubbed her wrists.  Im not.  Now please take us home.  I want to pack some things before we leave.
No one said anything else as he sped away.
Near Peas house, he explained that they should not look in the yard for the guards.  They were gone.  He stopped where his car was parked and left the Mercedess engine running as he walked around to help Laura out.  Melanie and Shannon got out of the back seat and helped him.  After Laura was in the rental car, he spoke to both women.  Look, Im so sorry to have gotten you involved in this.
Melanie put a hand on his cheek.  Im not.  I only wish there was more we could do.
He smiled, What will you do now?
Oh, well get some things and go to a hotel out of town.  In a few days, Luca will find out that I transferred money to a new account.  Then well never see him again.
She looked at Shannon who said, Me, too.
Melanie warned, Luca has a mean streak.  You need to be extra careful now.
He nodded.  I figure.
She kissed his cheek, and the ladies left in the Mercedes.  Hunter took Laura to Sue Anns: He figured Pea would be too busy cleaning up the mess in Pacific Heights and getting out of town to check there.  On the drive down U.S. 101, Laura held on to Hunters right arm, resting her head on his shoulder.  She didnt talk, and Hunter didnt force the issue.  He continued to be enraged that Pea had involved her.  He took satisfaction that Pea had lost his wife and daughter as payback, but he would always feel awful that he had used them as leverage.  He was conflicted and wished there was someone to unburden him.  Laura was not that person tonight.  He hoped she would never need to be fearful of anything again.  He felt sick that Pea was still a free man.
She said, Its not over, is it?
He hesitated, then glanced at her briefly, No.
Hunter, I want to help get that animal behind bars.  Hes not someone who should be free.
He smiled at her guts.  I have a plan, sweetheart, but it could be dangerous.
I dont care.  Well never live free as long as hes out there.  I want to put him away.
He nodded.  Okay.  Tomorrow, Ill call the FBI.
The Case
At one oclock the next day, Hunter and Laura were in Kasey McDougals office, laying out the case.  Both had heard Pea admit killing people.  They knew it included Jos, Sue Ann and John Richards, at least.  Hunter admitted to being a sworn Secret Service Agent, working undercover.  In this capacity, hed discovered the trap doors on Peas ships.  He had also found a large shipment of cocaine delivered from the ships and could lead the FBI to almost two hundred kilograms stacked at the bottom of San Pedro Harbor.  He diagramed the precise location.  He had placed tracking beacons on the ships and could map their movements to Central America then back to the exact location where and when the drugs would be delivered in San Pedro.  Finally, they could convict Pea for Lauras kidnapping.  The case against Pea was finally rock solid.  When the meeting ended, Kasey left to prepare the charges that would put Pea away for the rest of his life.
Exit
Pea had used his private cash to finance the two drug shipments intended for Mojo.  He was growing desperate.  Until Jesus Ruiz paid up, he only had the personal savings account with Melanie.  Everything else was in real estate, ships and his jet, that couldnt be converted to cash quickly and could be seized by the feds.
Hunter was satisfied.  He knew Pea would clean up the guards bodies and weapons on his estate.  It would be ironic if their bodies were on Ocean Queen when the FBI struck.
The next morning Hunter and Laura were on a plane to Washington.  The final Appropriations Bill had gone to the President for signature with two days to spare in the fiscal year.  Hunter felt some satisfaction with the way the past year had turned out.  He would forever miss Sue Ann.  Richards had been a pro and knew the risks.  He would be remembered as a hero for trying to save Hunters family.  Hunter did not hold John responsible for disclosing the safe house.  Everyone has their limits, and John had died trying to protect them.  He had surpassed the limit of endurance.
Laura and Claire had gone to the Eastern Shore to be with the Malones until Pea was behind bars.  Lauras parents understood the risk, but insisted on protecting Laura, who was now the strongest prosecution witness.
The FBI swooped down with warrants to arrest Pea, Ramon and Korb.  Other warrants were issued to inspect the ships.  They would find substantial forensic DNA evidence of John Fleming in the hold of Ocean Queen.  The stern would be measured for evidence of Joss car.  Sue Anns finger prints would be in Peas limo and his fingerprints on several of her jewelry pieces.  Korb was caught on the ship and arrested but the others escaped.
Luciano Pea had survived many times on his instinct.  Everything was coming down hard now, and he suspected the law to be after him slightly faster than the wheels of justice were actually turning.  After cleaning up the mess at his property, he was frantic to know where his wife and daughter had gone, but she wouldnt answer her cellphone.  He also knew his business was done.  He left a message with Roxanne to destroy his computer by throwing it in the harbor.  After the bodies from Pacific Heights were taken to the Queen, he ordered Korb to dispose of them and for Ramon to come with him to the airport.
En route in the early morning, before dawn, he called Jesus many times, but he didnt answer the phone.  Peas pilot was waiting at the hangar to fly to San Bernardino.
Flying across the Tehachapi Mountains, Pea called Ruiz again.  This time he answered.
Jesus, where have you been?
Luca!  You know what time it is?
Yeah.  Its daytime, the sun is rising in the east.  I can see it from twenty-four thousand feet.
Youre flying?
I left town early after a long night of work.  Well land in San Bernardino in about half an hour.  Im coming up to see you.  I need my money  now!
Luca, I havent moved all the goods yet.  You said I should sell it and then pay you.
Well, the deal changed, Jesus.  Im coming now.
Luca, I dont have much, a couple million.
You got an hour and a half, then Im bringing Ramon with me, and you owe me twenty million, more or less.
Where can I get that much cash so fast?
Jesus.  I dont know, and I dont fucking care!  Just have it ready, I dont plan to stay long.
Jesus started to protest, but Pea hung up.  He had a headache and closed the window screen, missing a beautiful sunrise.
The car driver in San Bernardino was a contract limo driver, not one of Peas men.  There had been no time for arrangements.  Unknown to him, the FBI and state police already had his ships and his office impounded.  Korb was in custody, and the freezer on Ocean Queen contained three bodies, all murdered by piercing lacerations.
When Luca arrived at Ruizs property, the gates were open.  There was no equipment parked at the entrance this time.
They drove up the dirt road and stopped in the same location as Mojo, days earlier.  There were no people in sight and all of the wreckage from Mojos caravan was gone, probably buried neatly in some canyon.  It looked deserted, but the gate wouldnt have been open if Ruiz wasnt around.
Ramon exited the car cautiously and stood momentarily looking in all directions.  Ruiz did not show himself.  Ramon moved toward the building.  If the steel utility door was locked, he would rip it off.  As he was approaching, there was no sound except the desert breeze and a Peregrine Falcon circling above in a thermal.  He pounded on the door with a massive fist, waiting to hear footsteps.  There was nothing.  He pounded again, then jerked forward, throwing his weight against it as the sound of the shot resonated in the valley.  The door didnt move.  Ramon turned around with a large red spot in the center of his shirt.  He looked enraged as the second shot hit dead center.
Ruiz was firing a semi-auto M14 .308 rifle with 7x scope from two hundred meters away in a hidden alcove on the nearby hill.  He watched through the scope, amazed that the big man didnt fall.  He was sure hed hit him twice.  As Ramon stood, unmoving, Ruiz aimed higher and fired again.  It was another excellent shot, hitting Ramon on the side of the head, behind his eye, removing half his skull.  His physical size was no match for the high-powered sniper rifle.  The giant was dead, falling forward, stiff as a day-old corpse, face down in the dirt.
Pea didnt immediately understand what happened, watching from inside the car.  He saw Ramon fall in disbelief.  Ramon was indestructible.  The driver also saw Ramon fall and panicked, flooring the car, spinning in the dirt as another shot disintegrated his window.  He wasnt hit, but glass shards had ravaged his upper body, hands and face.  He screamed and fell out of sight in the front seat.
Pea wasnt armed and jumped from the unarmored car yelling with his hands in the air!  Jesus!  Jesus!  Dont shoot!  What do you think youre doing?
For several seconds, nothing happened.  A light wind gust blew dust all around him, but it was otherwise eerily quiet.  He wondered if Jesus only wanted Ramon out of the way.  He wanted to say something, then his body flew backward as a bullet smashed into his chest before the sound arrived.  He rolled and squirmed on the ground, then tried to crawl when a second shot ripped through his lower spine.  He was mortally wounded and would die a minute later.
Jesus Ruiz stood on the hillside from behind a cactus cluster.  He said to himself, walking down the hill.  Theres a new boss in town, Luca.
Epilog
The FBI seized all Luciano Peas assets on a drug distribution charge.  Pea himself was never located.  Melanie had managed to transfer over two million dollars to a different account before the Government seized Peas assets and she was able to resume life with her daughter.
Claire returned to her job in Sacramento, finally at peace with everything that had happened over the past few years.  Laurie and Hunter went back to Washington.
The drug reform language was not included in the Appropriations Bill, having been tabled in committee with so many stakeholders facing re-election.  Hunters future with the state was uncertain, as well as his future intentions about leaving Washington.
Laurie finally forced the issue and he had decided to stay in the Capitol.  He had never felt so much joy as when he said, yes.  It also crystalized his decision to stay with the Secret Service in Washington.  They planned a spring wedding for the following year.

*** END ***








About the Author

Frank lives with his wife near the seacoast of New Hampshire, enjoying the ocean breeze in summers and solitude in winters.  He spent his career with technical companies doing business around the globe, writing countless articles and proposals.  Today, he enjoys the freedom to write fiction, unconstrained by facts, while overlooking a small apple orchard.  His fiction is laced with tidbits of his experiences and acquaintances where all authors must draw their inspiration.
